Feb 27 2009 	The history the class the location... this hotel was an amazing part of my vacation	The hotel's really part of the Republican National Women's Club, which made me apprehensive at first, but it was definitely worth it. The building filled with young débutantes and their mothers the last day we were there, which might have been the only bad thing that happened. The location was incredible, and our view was of St. Patrick's Cathedral and Radio City Music Hall.	
Dec 31 2008 	Awesome location and a great little find!	We stayed at the 3 West Club in October 2008. It was a steal based on the location. We had been looking for weeks and could find nothing available that fit our budget. We had a group of 4 adults and 2 children (4&amp;7). We had the king suite and it was massive. There is a king size bed, a double pull-out (that was fairly comfortable) and they brought up a roll away for our oldest (our little one shared the king with my hubby and I). So romance it was not, but for our group it was perfect. There were three closets - one in the bathroom, one in the hall and then one in a dressing area off the hall. The staff was always helpful and friendly. It was also very clean. This is not your typical chain hotel though. If your looking for room service, or some of the other amenities that major hotels provide, then this is probably not the place for you. If you want be able to walk out the front door and cross the street to Rockefeller Center, but you're still budget conscience - this is a great place.	
Jul 15 2008 	Location Can't Be Beat	We recently stayed at the 3 West Club on a Wednesday and Thursday night (June 18-19). I used this hotel as a backup while I was trying to get a cheaper hotel on priceline. As luck would have it, there was no inventory mid-week on priceline for our dates, so we ended up staying here. For some reason, prices for that week appeared higher than usual for NYC. As a result, the 3 West Club was one of the better bargains I could get at $214 per night ($247 w/tax) without a long list of negative reviews and scary stories. We were, however, a little hesitant because there were so few reviews, and we could find no other information about the hotel, even on their website. But, we decided to take a chance.Our flight to NYC was very delayed, so I called the hotel and told them we would be very late. They said not to worry, that they would never give a hotel room away when we had a reservation. We ended up arriving at about 3 AM, and they had a room waiting for us.We had a room overlooking W 51st Street on the seventh floor. If you are a light sleeper, the noise from the street could be a problem. We were so tired each night that it really didn't bother us too much, and I am a light sleeper. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised with the room at that price. If you are looking for luxury, services and amenities in a hotel, I don't think this is the place for you. However, if you need a decent, clean room in an excellent location, this is it. The room was not too small, had a good-sized closet, a decent shower, and a flat panel LCD TV with digital cable and tons of channels.At the time we were there, there was scaffolding on the front of the building, but that really didn't bother us - we didn't notice any active work (i.e., noise from construction) going on while we were there. Through the scaffolding, we could see Rockefeller Center across the street and St. Patrick's Cathedral on the corner. The excellent location of this hotel can't be overstated if you are there to visit many of the tourist attractions.In comparison to the other hotels that were available at this price, I think the 3 West Club is a great deal. I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Jan 27 2008 	Location....location....location!	Shhhhh - don't tell EVERYONE about the BEST hotel secret in NYC. Then we'll never be able to get rooms there ! If you need fancy rooms and high tech everything, don't waste your time. But if you are looking for value and location - you can't beat it. And if you are a Republican - well - it's the cat's pajamas!	
Sep 14 2007	Right in the middle	Best location in New York City. Right near St. Patricks, RockafellowCenter and many good restaurants. Theatre is a short walk. We'll be back this year.	
Aug 24 2007 	Perfect location	A great little hotel in a perfect location for a visit to New York. Great staff, very comfortable rooms, spotless! Nice breakfast.Very reasonable price for such a little gem.	
Nov 14 2008 	Ubicación Precio Servicio...		
Nov 9 2008 	Un excellent endroit pour un séjour à New York		
