	GET NO BETTER THAN THIS	Excellant hotel in every aspect, size of room, spotless clean, modern, everything worked! Anna on reception was a star other girls nice but not as chattyTry the Ninja restaurant on hudson street you wont be disappointed and try the chicken wings from Mudville 9 again just around corner. Close to subway and loads of bars we liked Ward 111 great personal service from the guys.If you go to NY a personal tour from REAL NEW YORK TOURS is a must	
Sep 20 2009 	Fear Factor Reality Edition...	Well.... We went to NYC for a fun weekend adventure and we got a little bit more than we bargained for. Aside from my wife being convinced a camera crew would pop up to tell us we were on &quot;Reality Hell&quot; (google it), we sure had much of the adventure we were looking for. We checked in and dropped off our bags earlier in the day and when we returned around 11pm to pick up the keys, everything was fine. The girl at the front desk was the sweetest thing, Ana, was her name (same as my daughter), she engaged into a delightful conversation while she handled our questions about the city and made us keys. She assured us if there was anything we needed to better our stay, do not hesitate to contact her directly. That made my wife happy, which is all that matters. We decided to retire early and get ready for a busy saturday of sightseeing and our &quot;Big City Adventure&quot; that my wife prepared a scheduled itinerary, covering everything from time to sleep and shower to bathroom breaks and meals. Upon entering our Guest Room, my wife began unpacking her things. I, on the other hand, was scheduled to shower. After retrieving my pajamas, and headed into the beautiful shower, with minimal water pressure (not by choice), the fire alarm ruptured both of my eardrums with the echo in that bathroom. Of course, my wife calls the lady at the front desk to see &quot;What's Wrong?&quot; to find out they are not certain, but to be cautious we should come downstairs until further notice. She informed us the elevators were not working, to take the closest stairwell to the 1st floor. We found the closest stairwell and began to walk calmly down the stairs. Once we got to the lobby, there were about 3 fire trucks outside and about more fireman than you can imagine. The poor girl that gave us the keys was playing the role of SuperWoman. Making phone calls to management, calming down scared guests and handling all the requests of the firemen. She was real trooper, no joke, to the point that in the midst of all this chaos, one guest asked her from a room change. Surprisingly, her response to the guest was very calm and she informed her once things settled down, she would be more than happy to fulfill that request. If I was her, I would be singing a totally different tune. Turned out there was no fire in the hotel. We were not on any Fear Factor or Reality TV Show, which I think disappointed my wife. But we definately had the Big City Adventure, just not the one that was planned. We want to give alot of credit to the Front Desk Agent, who handled this event with the utmost professionalism and courtesy. She was the only person there and was able to multi-task without any guidance. She is truly an assest to this property. It was a scary situation for my wife and I, worrying if all of our things would be okay as we took nothing but a cell phone downstairs. I was wearing nothing but boxer shorts outside of the Duane Street Hotel. Other than that, I now see why New York City is the City that never sleeps, or was it Sin City? Either Way. The one thing that does worry me, although the Front Desk Agent handled everthing well, was if this was a real emergency. Duane Street Hotel is a Death Trap waiting to happen.	
Jul 8 2009 	funky clean and quiet in great location	Hotels in NYC have become a lot more reasonable lately thanks to the tanking economy, but this was a great place to stay regardless. In the TriBeCa area, it's a tiny spot with small rooms, but it IS NYC, so small rooms are pretty much the norm. The rooms themselves are beautiful, mostly taken up by the pedestal bed, but come w/wireless internet, a flat screen tv, and an a/c system that is super aggressive. Great if you like it cool- and if you don't, you can turn it off. Bathrooms feature a showers with rainfall-style shower heads and a half glass wall divider, separating the shower from the rest of the bathroom. Everything was really clean, and at night they do a turndown and leave you a piece of dessert or two by your bedside. A really nice touch.The staff were really helpful in recommending places for dinner and helping me get reservations. The place doesn't have it's own gym (due to its size) but it will let you use a nearby fitness club, which is about a block away, and was really quiet the two times I went. Speaking of quiet- the hotel was really quiet for NYC, which was terrific for sleeping. It's also close to several subway lines, if you want to use mass transit to get around the city. I'd definitely stay here again!	
Jun 27 2009 	no great shakes	Chose the Duane Street Hotel as a flop in January while hanging out in NYC. Stayed on the 3rd floor. Room a good size, bath very nice, high-end bath products, most comfy bed we've ever slept on in a hotel, but then, we sleep on a futon at home, so take that for what its worth. 2 issues: you can hear the subway rumble underneath the bed EACH AND EVERY TIME it rolls thru the station, and we left our card out for a room-service breakfast; though it was gone in the AM our order never made it to the kitchen. Staff wasn't bothered in the least by the oversight. We had to call the order in and wait until almost check out to receive some cold eggs. Overall, not worth 3 fins.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay	It was our first time in NY and we really loved it. We specially picked this hotel because it hasn't got so much rooms. The rooms were big enough and the shower is great. When you leave your window open at night there's a lot of noise of the street. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. The hotel is ideally located in Lower Manhattan.	
Jun 13 2009 	Outstanding Staff Great Hotel Nice Location	Nestled in the Tribeca area just below Canal Street is a very special upscale hotel with an outstanding, attentive, and hard working staff. Having stayed at many fine hotels in the City such as the Tribeca Grand, The Four Seasons, The Peninsula, The Palace, etc., I'm used to being spoiled, and used to great hotel locations. Interestingly I accidentally discovered this hotel, The Duane Street Hotel, a year ago during a two-week stay at the Tribeca Grand, wandering the neighborhood. At the time I asked the front desk if it would be possible for them to show me a sampling of their rooms and they were very gracious in doing so. I made it a point to put the Duane on my short-list for future trips.What stands out most is the high-quality professional staff. Each and every member of the staff, including the managers, front desk, housekeeping, dining, and maintenance, are friendly, experienced, caring, considerate, professional, and dedicated to providing the best possible guest experience possible. The [smaller] size of the hotel allows for personal service and attention which can easily get lost in the bigger hotels. There are no slackers here. Everyone is on their toes, consistently going out of their way to provide great service in a very timely manner. They are all to be commended for going the extra mile.Speaking of miles, this brings up yet another great benefit of the Duane. It's location. Convenience to SoHo, Tribeca, and the financial district, all by foot, the pièces de ré·sis·tance is direct access within about one block of a multitude of trains [subways]. I live by the trains to get me where I want, fast, so it's important that my hotel be located fairly near major train access stations and the Duane, by no accident, is a dream come true with direct access to the A &amp; C lines as well as the 1-2-3 lines. As if this is not strategic enough, just walk over another avenue cross-town to catch the Lexington Avenue trains at the Brooklyn Bridge City Hall Station for access to the 4-5-6! With such quick and easy access to all these major arteries one can travel by train to virtually any location in the City within minutes. Again, the best part of the Duane's location [in addition to being located in the desirable Tribeca area] is it's proximity to the subways, within just a few footsteps. In closing [I'm currently mid-stay during a two-week business trip] I am happy to recommend The Duane Street Hotel to anyone looking for value, location, amenities [yes, they even have thick-heavy bath robes], attention to detail, cleanliness, and most importantly a professional, gracious, and friendly staff. I look forward to re-booking future stays at The Duane.John Hayp.s. ......it's true about the beds. It's like sleeping on a cloud. Also, the rooms are extremely sound-proffed by what appear to be recently installed &quot;duplicate-double-paned&quot; dual sets of all the windows which practically eliminate street noise. Love the super-tall ceilings too. Great layout and design.	
Apr 26 2009 	lovely	This hotel is lovely. The rooms are small, but for NYC that is quite the standard. The bed is amazing and so is the shower. Some noise from the street can be heard, so bring your ear plugs though.Highly recommended.	
Apr 22 2009 	$400 taken from our room!- NOT the first time this has happened.	The hotel is pleasant enough but this still does not excuse the fact that $400 was taken from our room. I was told by management that this was the first time that something like this had happened in the hotel but looking through previous reviews I see that another person experienced the same thing.Unfortunately the day the money taken from the room, was my second last day in the hotel. I had been keeping my cash in the safe but because I had entered the safe code wrong, the day the money was taken, I had decided to leave the safe open for fear I'd not be able to open it again.I had left the room earlier that day, my travel companion remained in the room. Before he left he told one of the room service girls that there was a plumping issue in the bathroom. She said she'd contact reception and she would get someone to the room to look after it. On checking to see how much money we had left for our last day in New York, we found that our money was down $400- there is not a shadow of doubt in my mind, the money had been taking by a member of hotel staff.We spoke we the receptionist straight away on discovering the money was taken to be told by her and another member of staff that the money would be reimbursed.This was not the case and to be honest we found the hotel manager to be quite unhelpful and incompetent with resolving this matter- the police we're called and a statement was taken by them.All in all, the experience was a very bad one and handled in a very un professional manner.Duane Street hotel need to realise that a member of staff is ROBBING cash from residents rooms. I'd advise people to look to other hotels for their stay in New York.	
Apr 20 2009 	poor service at trendy new hotel	We had many problems at this attractive, small hotel in Tribeca. We had prepaid for our room ( 6 nights) but after a few nights they put a random $900 charge on our bill. They acknowledged the mistake but it was just luck that we caught the charge on our Visa card while we were still at the hotel. Every night we were lacking something in our room either towels or water glasses which were brought up after we called the desk but that was a nuisance. On the sixth day there we left at 7:30 and returned at 3:15 to find our room still not cleaned. Neither the desk clerks nor the housekeeper apologized. They tried to say we must have put out a Do Not Disturb sign. When that excuse didn't work they had several stories about being full that night, having to clean up rooms for new arrivals and finally the old &quot;one of our housekeepers didn't show up for work&quot; story. A simple apology would have gone a long way to placating us. We finally got into our cleaned room at 3:45.	
Apr 20 2009 	Sneaky	Booked Duane St online, received confirmation, and paid in advance. Upon my arrival at the front desk, I was told that the hotel was &quot;overbooked&quot; and that I was being moved to another property. It just set a bad tone at what was supposed to be a long weekend break. I've traveled extensively for business and pleasure and have to say I was never told a hotel was overbooked. That's bad enough but waiting to be told when you arrive? Unacceptable. The attitude of the staff was akin to &quot;Well, that's the breaks. Sorry&quot;.	
Apr 13 2009	Duane Street Hotel	Duane Street Hotel in the Tribeca area was ideally located in lower Manhattan, walking distance to major sites, such as, Century 21, the best department store shopping, but get there early esp on weekends, as it gets very hectic; ground zero is only like 10 minutes away right near Century 21; Battery Park, China Town, the Financial District, and restaurants are everywhere within walking distance. Our favorite place was Bouley's bakery and restaurant - plenty of sushi places, Indian, ethnic restaurants all nearby - the staff at Duane Street Hotel are very pleasant and they love doggies! I would definitely come back to this hotel, it's small but clean and cozy.	
Apr 7 2009 	Can't wait to go back	We also wanted to stay out of the midtown craziness and explore a new area of NYC. This hotel was amazing. The staff was helpful, the rooms were beautiful and the bed was more comfortable than ours at home. It is 1.5 blocks away from the subway and within walking distance to a lot. I would go back any time!	
Mar 19 2009 	When can I go back?	In NYC for a week for Art Fairs and shopping I wanted to be out of the midtown rat-race, and thought this hotel was just right. I really am brilliant!The room was NYC sized, in my experience but bright and high-ceilinged decorated in a warm and simple fashion with great entertainment products to fill time while changing and going through purchases. I was very busy at Century 21 and was still able to move around in my queen room after I got the extra suitcase and a boatload of clothing. The bathroom was more spacious than in other similar sized rooms I've experienced and the amenities great. Small issues with the room were immediately dealt with by staff on notification. The cleaning staff were unobtrusive and very thorough, and the turndown service and sweet treats left in the evening were wonderful to return to. I cannot say enough about the front desk staff who totally made my trip an extraspecial one. Mostly I seemed to run into Michelle who had fantastic suggestions of things to do that were outside the norm. Getting tickets to a great show I would have otherwise gone ignorant about was easy. She and the other staff even went to bat to try to get me tickets that no broker in town had - turns out the original ticket to see the Roots was only 10$ so not much for the broker to get out of that. The suggestion that I try showing up and looking for tickets led me to see Roots as well as Hi Tek and Talib Kweli - for 30$. Oh how I love NY, and those wonderful people at Duane Street. On leaving I ended up having to leave an art piece that was too big to pack. Michelle has been fantastic in helping me get it home long after my (first) stay at the Duane ended. I didn't use the Beca restaurant much but it seemed to be a beautiful place to watch the Church street world go by. Overall I will stay again. I will likely ask for to a slightly higher room - was on 3 - though honestly the street noise was far better than I thought it would be. As I mentioned on another site, the only thing I would change would be having a huge truck shuttle me back and forth from Century 21.	
Mar 16 2009 	Cute hotel in Tribeca	We spent 3 days here on a long weekend in NYC. Overall it's a very nice hotel. Our room was of course compact (It is NYC!), but it was well appointed and nicely kept. I enjoyed the hardwood floors especially.The services were quite good for a small hotel. There was nightly turndown with a tasty sweet treat and when we wanted to borrow a bottle opener for some beer we picked up at Whole Foods (very nearby) they grabbed us one from the bar no questions asked. One note though, there is no doorman which seemed odd for such a nice property.On the down side, the air handling unit was incredibly loud in our room and didn't work all that well. This was easily overcome though by the fact that the windows actually opened, so we simply turned the unit off altogether and enjoyed some fresh spring air!	
Mar 9 2009 	Wonderful stay	I had a great experience there this past weekend. The room was spacious, beautifully decorated, and they have the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on at a hotel. Whatever renovations they did to reduce the noise pollution worked - we couldn't hear anything from the street or neighbors (at least in room 602). Really professional, non-pretentious and helpful staff. There are great Tribeca restaurants near by, we had dim sum in Chinatown, and walked all over lower Manhattan.I highly recommend it if you are looking for something away from the large corporate places.	
Feb 21 2009 	This is what large corporate hotels (like Aloft) have tried to emulate and failed to do.	It was serendipitous that my last business trip took me to Denver where I stayed at the Westin’s new Aloft brand, which tries its best to pretend it’s a trendy hotel in downtown New York City. If you read that review I took them to the woodshed because the room was so poorly designed. So how does a real NYC boutique hotel do in my opinion? Top notch of course. I checked in for one night on Feb. 8. The front desk and lobby are small but very well appointed. The front desk person is extremely pleasant and checked me in quickly. They invite you to sit down with them while you check in. Nice touch. Went to the room. Lo and behold its small, but not tiny. Big enough for a King bed. Beautifully decorated, very comfortable bed. The bathroom is large for the room’s size. Great toiletries and glassed in shower large enough to actually shower in. TV is large flat screen and in the corner of the room on a swivel arm so you can move it about depending on where you are sitting in the room. The clock radio is a Bose and is nicer than any of the audio equipment I have at home. Sounded like I had surround sound with six speakers. It was a quiet night in the hotel so I was the only person at the bar until friends arrived. Good bar selection for beer, but oddly no liquor license. Which was fine, I only wanted beer anyway. Shockingly low priced for NYC hotel. In all, THIS is what trendy hotels are supposed to be. Maybe the “pretenders” from Aloft and other big name brands should spend a night or two here and learn how boutique hotels in NY are supposed to be designed. High marks from this person who will gladly return. Great stay	
Jan 18 2009 	Nice Surprise! 5 Star service	Stayed here for one night with my husband after finding a great deal on Travelzoo. We were greeted very warmly by staff, and we were offered hot cider on a freeeezing NYC day. The room was not large, but every inch of space was decorated very lovely and efficiently. There were many touches that you only find in the finest of hotels. The bed was comfortable, they left treats at turn down, filled the ice bucket and turned on soft music for our arrival. We had a complimentary buffet breakfast at the hotel restaurant, which was nice. The only complaint would be the shower pressure was very low. All in all, a wonderful experience. Would stay again for sure.	
Dec 30 2008 	Room 607	Someone else reviewed this hotel citing Room 607, claiming that noise from the air conditioning unit on the roof kept them awake. Well, it is December, and no air conditioning noise can be heard. But everything else can be. The thin walls and doors do little to prevent us hearing the intimacies of our neighbors. But sound is not really the issue here. The hotel is six floors and is located on a small corner property at Duane Street and Church Street in Tribeca. The six floors hold 45 guest rooms. There is really only one way to make that happen. If the usable space in room 607 totals more than 110 square feet I'd be surprised. The hotel prides itself on its stylish furnishings. But just how stylish is trying to figure out how to walk around a king sized bed, sitting on a hard wood platform extending 4 inches beyond the mattress with two people in the room and a suitcase or two? My shins are shot.The shower is spacious. I'm thinking moving my suitcases in there. This may work, as the shower (advertised correctly with a rainshower head) gives enough pressure to merely make one damp. There are no other rooms available. I've checked in (am here now as I write this) for three nights. I live in the neighborhood, and have family visiting, to whom I've given my apartment through the New Years holiday. I will be checking out two nights early. 'Tis a shame, as I live and work in lower Manhattan and often direct visiting colleagues, friends and family to hotels in the area. This hotel will not be on the list.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great location away from the crowds	My husband and I booked a quick weekend trip to NYC and found a great deal on this hotel on Travelzoo.com. I was a bit skeptical about staying so far from the Midtown theater scene, but this hotel was centrally located (less than 2 blocks) from the major subway lines. The neighborhood was charming, and the staff very helpful -- especially Melissa. We did venture to Midtown, but the crowds and noise were overwhelming. Small, but well appointed queen room (306) with nice views of the street below. Great amenities like NY Times, cookies at turndown, soft sheets, and high ceilings. We will definitely book again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Liquor License	This is a very chic and trendy NEW property. The lobby and restaurant area are cozy, they even have a small bar. Unfortunately its only beer and wine which is quite over priced. I really don't think the staff understands that because I was given direction to a restaurant by a evening employee who reeked of hard liquor, through his broken slurred English. The front desk concierge was quite embarrished and made his best efforts to provide great service, but the unprofessional mannerism and drunken demeanor in the middle of the lobby was a bad reflection on a otherwise pleasant stay. There's an old saying that &quot;one bad apple can spoil the bunch&quot;, that was the case here. Hopefully they will recruit more professional staff like the concierge Dan and the bellman Reegoo.	
Dec 7 2008 	A Diamond in the Rough	The Duane Street Hotel is a short walk from many attractions including China Town, Little Italy, the WTC and City Hall. A block away is a subway station that leads to all sites in the area. Although I've read complaints about the size of the rooms, our room with two double beds was more than adequate, and the contemporary decor was attractive, yet functional. The staff was extremely helpful and the small blueberry muffin on our turned down beds at night were a nice touch. To top things off, having a complementary copy of the New York Times at my door in the morning was really appreciated. Although the hardwood floors could make for a noisy night with guests above you, we had no such problems. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 27 2008 	Feels like home	Exellent stay during my visit. Very warm and cozy vibe. Small hotel, yet spacious room (especially for New York). Staff greeted me warmly, and were very helpful to my concierge needs. Great area, safe to walk at night time. Had a great meal at the &quot;Odeon&quot; which was only two blocks away and open late. Would definitely return on my next trip to New York!	
Nov 24 2008 	Great boutique hotel...good deal for NYC	We just stayed the weekend in NYC and stayed at the Duane Street Hotel. Upon check in, we were greeted with a sort of ho-hum front desk clerk but she was able to get us into our room before the 3pm check-in time. That was nice to be able to go in and just relax after driving. The hotel is brand new so it is very clean and very modern looking. The room was small but really cute &amp; pretty much what you would expect for NYC. We had a huge window that poured in great light &amp; the room had a really nice flat screen tv &amp; a nice clock radio. We stayed in a queen bed and that was super super comfortable....my husband and I both had a great night's sleep. Someone else mentioned it was really loud but we didn't notice excessive noise at all. In fact, it was very mellow. We had the continental b.fast the next morning &amp; that was nice- includes coffee, pastry, fruit. It was nice to have it there and not have to go out for it. Really cute open restaurant right in the lobby- they also have dinner there but we didn't have dinner there (side note: we had dinner at Secession- David Bouley's new restaurant in Tribeca- FANTASTIC!!! ) I love the neighborhood of Tribeca and this little boutique hotel was a really good find. I think it was great, overall.	
Oct 30 2008 	Deleted my 1st review. Never stay! Snoopy cleaners! Unhelpful staff.	I wrote a long review in sept, but they decided to delete it. I stayed there for 4 nights. I did not like that their room cleaners snoop through your items, and just throw out anything they want. They lie about it too. How does someone know what is in a bag if it taped shut? Unless they look through them. I waited at Magnolia (cupcakes place) for an hour that day. Slept, left the next morning, and returned only to find, my 2 dozen boxes of long awaited cupcakes were thrown out! I went to the receptionist, to ask why they'd throw bags, if they don't know what is in them. They're receptionist ask the head cleaner, and they answered, &quot; if we see food, we throw it away&quot; WHY?! They were taped up in the first place! How do you even know it was food!!! The receptionist said, sorry but we can't do anything. OF COURSE YOU CAN DO SOMETHING! But they didn't. We asked every night for the next 3 nights, and not once did the receptionist write anything down. We asked for the manager every time, and not once were we able to talk to the Manager. THEY DIDN'T CARE, CAUSE THEY DIDN'T EVEN TRY!	
Oct 28 2008 	This place is TERRIBLE	Do not stay in room 607. We got maybe 2 hours of sleep due to noise from the a/c unit on roof. And the front desk was aware of this problem . They did move us the next day to a better room but lost one of our personal bags and never got back to us about it. I will never stay here again or recommend this place to anyone.	
Oct 15 2008 	Location and boutique charm but no perfection	The Duane St hotel is admirably sited for anyone whose work or play have them in lower Manhattan. Transport to anywhere in New York -- indeed, anywhere in the world -- is as straightforward as from any other hotel. Almost all subway lines, save the 7, the G, the S shuttles and the F/B, converge within a few blocks of the hotel. You are within a few minutes' walk of the major WTC PATH station for a quick trip to EWR (about 48 min), to the A train for an even quicker trip to JFK (41 min). Taxis cruise up Church St day and night -- even in the rain. Greenwich Village and Downtown Brooklyn are each 10 minutes away by subway. All Tribeca and Financial Dist locations are an easy walk, and even South St Seaport is only 15 minutes on foot. The hotel is small enough that the desk clerks all knew each of us -- not by name, but well enough to remember if we had just left or been out all day -- on our second day there. With only 6 floors, you needn't wait for the elevator and can just bound up or down one of the staircases. (Elevator wait is a major time sink at the taller of Manhattan hotels, especially with older elevator technology.)Our room faced directly onto Church St (the busier of the two streets, whereas Duane St is relatively quiet). No problems with street noise, even during rush-hour. The A/C/E trains were a faint rumble every few minutes. The hotel has guest privileges with a well equipped health club two blocks away. In a basement and sub-basement, the club will strike many visitors as claustrophobic, but it has a huge array of free-weights, machines, and cardio equipment. The Duane St Hotel staff were uniformly informal, friendly, and helpful. They weren't always perfectly competent, but at least they were nice about it. Our room was sparse, stylish, and fully equipped. Two queen sized beds with comfortable linens and copious pillows had us resting comfortably. The room was small, but not closet-like. On that subject, there wasn't really enough closet space, and only two hangers, or enough drawer space for a couple and a child. We used room service for one breakfast, and the soft-boiled egg was perfectly done, a pot of genmaicha generous and hot, but the chocolate croissant didn't even get a second bite. Still, the prices were fine and there is plenty of food day and night within a block of the hotel. Here are the problems we had, and only the first was particularly annoying:- we booked a car from EWR through the hotel for a 1 am pickup. In two e-mails, well before arrival, I provided complete flight details. The driver didn't show. When, after an hour of back and forth, he finally arrived, it wasn't at curbside, but he led us through the parking access into the parking lot. Absurd, and $110 rather than the $71 we had been quoted. (And much more than the $50 cab.)- sheets were not immaculate. Just minor stains and a small tear; nothing too distressing. - items in the room seemed to be restocked on some kind of Soviet-era plan. One day the single water beaker disappeared; one day it was the cotton-swabs; another day we were short a bath towel. The next day we got a double delivery of shampoo and hand lotion. I ended up asking for three water glasses.- bathroom fixtures were functional but not perfect, and the hand-towel bar was mounted directly above the toilet paper holder! Try drying your socks when you're worried about dripping onto your only roll of toilet paper. - the air conditioning is unconscionably loud. Like having a jet engine in your room. Fortunately, it blasts cold air so rapidly that it's only on a few times in the course of a night. But in midsummer, you'd want to wear your Ipod to sleep. - a mysterious mini-bar &quot;coke&quot; charge appeared on our final bill. I don't think any of us have coke for decades, so I had it taken off.I would recommend the Duane St Hotel to people who want the location in Tribeca. It's considerably cheaper than the comparable, but larger and slightly swanker, Gansevoort, about 20 blocks north but in a similarly fashionable neighborhood. As boutique hotels go, it is pretty and cheerful. The staff might not always get everything right, but they genuinely seemed to try, and they all had the friendly openness that is one of my favorite things about visiting New York. Our rate averaged $409 plus taxes over 4 nights. This is expensive by my wallet, but fine for an upscale New York place and almost absurdly cheap by London standards.	
Oct 5 2008	great location - insanely loud!!	Great location to so many things, subway is very close and you can walk to Chinatown, little Italy, and the financial district. The staff was very friendly. All good, except when it came to sleeping. We were on the third floor, and I have never stayed in a louder room in my life. It faces Church st and the windows have zero sound proofing. I could hear people talking on the street! It got so bad that I had to buy ear plugs and eye covers which makes for an absolutely terrible sleep. We got the room for $300 a night, some people paid $500 as I heard another guy complaining at the front desk about the price and the noise. I ended up getting sick because of sleeping only 5 hrs in 3 days and getting run down. Nice hotel, just don't expect to sleep a wink!	
Sep 17 2008	Not worth your money	Boutique hotels usually have a charm to them, so I avoid big hotel chains when I travel. I stayed for 2 nights and found it not so restful. First, the customer service were mildly friendly, but not that attentive once I was checked in. The room I had was very, very small and filled with cheap furniture. It was noisy, I had to wear earplugs to sleep well at night. The food was ok, but boring, not anything reflecting the price. If you're in nyc, might as well go elsewhere. Not what I usually expect from a boutique hotel.	
Aug 22 2008 	Stylish Clean Convenient Boutique	Recently stayed at the Duane Street hotel while traveling for business. It was perfectly adequate for a one-night stay where I was really only in the room to sleep. Room was clean but tiny, but it's Manhattan so that's to be expected. Decor is stylish and modern. Convenient location. One of my traveling companions was upgraded to a Deluxe room and she said it was spacious and great. I'd stay again depending on the price--recently looked to book another trip and it was $100 more than last time, so I booked elsewhere. Though a nice boutique hotel, not worth a premium price.	
Aug 22 2008 	Outstanding!	Just returned from this great little hotel in the tribeca (Triangle below canal) neighborhood of new york city. My fiancee and I stayed for four nights and fell in love with the Duane Street Hotel.Staff was great (especially the door men), concierge was well informed and efficient (Maggie was the best). Rooms were small-ish, but reasonable by new york standards. Loved the hardwood floors and beautiful bedding. Made the room feel extraordinarily clean. The small sweet treat that was left for us each night was also delicious!We had breakfast each morning in the restaurant because our rate included breakfast. Service was great, and the food was awesome!We noticed, as others have, some noise from the street and the construction that was taking place outside, but it wasn't enough to keep us up at night. Once we laid down in the insanely comfortable beds, we were out like light!We will definitely be back to the Duane Street Hotel! We had a great time, and we can't recommend it enough!Cheers!	
Aug 16 2008 	Good for the price	Stayed for 5 nights end of June/beginning of July. Room was small as expected with tiny closet and nowhere for luggage but as this was the start of a longer trip we did have 16 days worth of luggage. Fresh and bright decorated room but as noted already, design of bed, whilst having a comfortable mattress has a wooden base that it is easy to walk into and get bruised from. No fridge. Also safe in closet slightly too big for closet so closet door wouldn't shut properly. Not a problem, just poor design. Another design fault (due to size of room no doubt) only one bedside light. Flat screen TV.Small bathroom, but no smaller than most hotels (could do with a hook for the bathrobe, actually could do with a second bathrobe - why not have enough for the number of guests in a room? Our Boston hotel did the same - is this a new trend?) Shower was a rain shower so not very powerful. Nice toiletries in bathroom and decent hairdryer.Very noisy outside of hotel as some sort of roadwork going on - not sure what it was but a sort of giant orange and white cone covering a hole in the ground that was always noisy. Not the hotel's fault and I always bring earplugs anyway. Location was good, very close to subway so easy to get anywhere and away from the midtown madness, so much more peaceful away from the crowds. Really liked staying downtown.Found all the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. They accepted a package for us before we arrived (Yankees tickets from Stubhub) and brought this to us as soon as we arrived.So a few negatives about the design (from somebody who prefers practical to pretty) but yes I would return if the price stays reasonable (well NYC reasonable) due to the location and the staff.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in a pleasant friendly hotel	I've stayed in NY many times before and each time i do try somewhere new. this time i chose Duane St because i enjoy the feeling of Tribeca with its easy walking access to soho and the village. and because the hotel was very new. Im glad i did as it was probably the best stay so far. I couldnt really fault the hotel at all.stopping here was extremely comfortable and i would say the friendly staff really made everyone feel very welcome. (i noticed there seemed to be British people at the time?!). they went out of their way to accommodate everything we asked for...even special requests that they couldnt do at the front desk and the manager went out of his way to make sure it was all ok.The bed, like someone said before, was so comfortable i didnt want to leave, amazing chocolates on the pillow in the evening, great bathroom with a reasonable size bedroom and because it has so few rooms it felt alot more relaxed and personable than any of the other larger ones.the whole time i never heard any noise from the other guests or from inside the hotel. but i could understand how the street noise from Church that all the rooms look out onto, may cause some people discomfort. at the time they were doing roadworks from 8pm till the morning but it still didnt disturb me. i would recommend asking for the top floor like we did.overall no problems stopping here at all, especially if youre looking for quiet friendly and extremely clean! (free internet access and ac in the rooms).the guy at reception, i think called Sebastian also needs a mention as he was always there making an effort. and u can always and i mean always get a taxi straight away from outside on church st. subway station is very close too.minor things some guests might want to know. -the hotel has no ice machines, but everyday house keeping would fill the ice bucket for us just incase.-the corners of the bed were so sharp as it has a shelved lip, that i came back with alot of bruises due to not much room to manouver round the sides of the queen bed.-the lift is very slow, but it only has 6 floors so who cares.-i didnt see anyone use the bar or small restaurant, but its New York you dont really need to.and why do you only get one robe these days?!all the rooms seemed to be pretty much the same, so no budget option but no penthouse style suites either, just functional rooms. and has everything really you need.i will keep going back here as i left feeling a sense of trust. excellent for a 3star hotel in NY. and away from the usual tourists.there probably was some teething problems still and i did hear some other people vocalizing issues. but we had absolutely none. came back feeling really positive about our stay.	
Jul 31 2008 	Clean Comfortable Simple	Went to the Duane because it was the only room available below $400 the night I was in NYC for business. The room was totally clean and decorated in a new, modern style. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location is near many good casual restaurants. I enjoyed staying there.	
Jul 10 2008 	July '08 at DSL	It appears this hotel is getting past some its &quot;hew hotel&quot; growing pains which have been highlighted here. Somewhere online I read they have a new manager who may have helped to turn around this property after a shaky start. Having read reviews online, I double checked my reservation before arriving after reading about overbooking. The first time I called, the hotel employee said I was conifrmed for two doubles, when actually I had reesrved an Executive King online and had confirmation of that. No problem, they fixed it. The person I spoke with said they were woking on interface issues between the Web site and their reservations system. The hotel is compact and certainly quaifies as boutique. I had room 502 which I believe is the largest you can get short of the Junior Suites. It felt very roomy for a NYC hotel. Northeast corner roo with windows on two different walls. If you need a King, ask for a room ending in -02. Bathroom was compact and storage in the room was minimal (matching the decor). Hotel and room were both tastefully decorated with a cool contemporary look without being over-the-top. As for the street noise complaints, there's a kernel of truth to that, but it wasn't THAT intrusive. The front desk attendent told us when we checked out that the hotel was going to replace the windows in the rooms to make rooms more quiet. Speaking of quiet, I didn't hear a peep out of anyone while staying there and only saw one other guest the entire three days I was there. service and housekeeping were pleasant and attentive. The hotel is only two short blocks from two subway stations, so very conveneient there. I thought the hotel's location in Tribeca was great. You really felt like you were mixing with locals (young families and professionals). Some of the City's best restaraunts are within easy, easy walking distance and upscale shopping is clustered to the west of the hotel. I just loved meandering through Tribeca, up to SoHo and then over to the West Village.Make no mistake though, this is a downtown hotel, so you'll hike it uptown a lot if you're into big museums and Broadway shows.Nice stay. I would recommend it.	
Jun 13 2008 	Nice small room great location but noisy.	I stayed for three nights, May 2008. The hotel is located in a mixed neighborhood. It's safe and fairly lively, but not as chic and trendy as Greenwich Village. The entrance is on Duane Street and very understated, even easy to miss. The entire hotel is perhaps 20 feet wide and mostly faces out onto Church Street. This is a busy and noisy street and in NYC they seem to pick up the trash all night long and take special pride in making as much noise as possible. Also, the hotel is built above a subway line and the entire hotel shakes when a train passes. Even the glasses and bottles in the bar dance around and tinkle a bit. There were also numerous loud clunks and bangs from the air-handling system throughout the night. The hotel is brand new with spare, Euro-modern decor done very nicely if that's your thing. I had the smallest room in the hotel, approximately 10 by 12 feet, with 11 foot ceilings (and windows) - so the room is actually taller than it is wide! Top quality fixtures, linens, flat panel TV, free WiFi, laptop-sized safe. No refrigerator in the room, no ice machine nearby. There is a small restaurant and bar in the lobby, but I did not try it. The staff members were very professional and courteous. Since the hotel is new, it seems to be priced a little better than comparable properties. Orbitz had a 10% summer sale going so I booked that way.	
May 23 2008 	NEVER stay at this hotel	NEVER stay at this hotel. I recently booked an overnight stay. When I arrived, they told me that they had over-booked. Their manner was insulting. As if I shouldn't mind being sent to a hotel not of my chosing at the other end of manhattan. Late at night, single woman, you can imagine my disbelief. In line with the previous reviewer, I asked them to find me a more suitable hotel and to call me when they had. They have never been bothered to call me. TERRIBLE customer service. And the woman on front desk told me that this had happened on several occastions in the last month.	
May 19 2008 	Hotel staff took money from my safe	I stayed at this hotel May 8-13, 2008 for four nights and a staffer stole $1,300.00 out of my room safe. The management has done nothing about it except to tell me NOT to file a police report. And they're not returning my calls. The manager told me she would take care of it and I didn't need to file one. When I arrived, I put all things in safe on the first morning. I didn't open it until 12th may around 3 pm. When I tried to open it, the password didn't work so I called front desk and they had someone come up to my room to help. He opened it in 5 seconds. When I looked inside, I found $1300 from my case was gone! Then I called a local American friend and he came to hotel to help me. we talked with Ms. Nelia Rodrigues, the Front Desk Supervisor, and she told us that she would check the video camera to see who went into my room and took the money. She said she'd get back to me in 48 hours. Since I was leaving n.y.c early the next day, she said that she would call my friend. He never heard from her after the 48 hours so he called her last Wednesday. She was still not there, and they said she will call him back on Saturday, then finally to wait till Tuesday. which will be tomorrow. She promised to pay cash back to me in anyway. Though now I'm in doubt.....	
May 15 2008 	Frequent traveler	Hotel itself is very tiny. I arrived late in the evening and the restaurant shares with the lobby. Interesting but very quiet. Room very tiny it was 604. Nice amenities in room but NO room Service. I was paying over $300 and no room serivce. I could not even get a drink as restaurant had no license so I was referred to the restaurant accross the street. Staff not that friendly but ok. Restaurant breakfast was too much. Orange juice with a mint leaf in it and no bread with my eggs. It seemed too over the top for a place that is very simple and understated. Just want my eggs with some toast please!	
Apr 8 2008 	Small Friendly Hotel	My daughter (11), and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at this new-ish hotel in Tribeca. The rooms are smallish but very well designed and have a modern, clean fresh feel. The bed was the most comfortable I have EVER slept in - with a great mattress, lovely sheets and comfortable pillows. Only two downsides: the traffic on Church Street on weekdays was quite noisy from early morning and the restaurant was sparsley populated, probably because it too is new and I personally feel uncomfortably eating in restuarants with so few people dining.However, what made this place so special were the staff, who were so kind, helpful, friendly, very efficient and good fun too. They looked after us so well. We hope to return soon.	
Mar 24 2008	Great little boutique hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Duane Street hotel recently and found it a very good experience. The location in Tribeca is great, you can walk to the Brooklyn Bridge, plus SoHo and even the Village quite easily. The rooms are small but very well designed and clean; the staff friendly. We had a king size bed which was extremely comfortable. This hotel is a great option if you prefer to spend time in this part of Manhattan as opposed to midtown.	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice boutique hotel	We stayed for a weekend earlier this month (March), and overall it was a good experience. The hotel is located in Tribeca, which is a plus for those visitors trying to avoid Times Square, Broadway, etc. Most of the places we were visiting were in the Village or below.The staff was friendly, the room was clean and thoughtfully designed (although extremely tiny, like most places in NYC). The aesthetic was modern, and vaguely Ikea-ish, with bright green walls and lots of maple wood built-in pieces. Amazingly comfortable bed! The bathroom was great and had radiant heat floors. The lobby was extremely narrow and a little awkward, which was fine while we were in that area b/c no other guests were around. If there had been more than a few guests, it wouldn't be easily navigated with luggage, etc. The rest of the street level has a restaurant that wasn't in use while we were there--probably b/c it's still new. There was a mix-up at check-in, but it's a new hotel, so you exchange a little extra patience for a lower room rate! We booked through the hotel's website b/c it was the lowest rate we found anyway.	
Feb 18 2008 	Thoughtful Modern Design and Craft	The Duane Hotel has a lot going for it. I just finished a 7 day business stay in the smallest basic room. Being an architect, I loved the interior design. The lobby and restaurant are ultra-modern and as fine as anything I’ve seen. The room was smallish but typical for NYC and yet it was a carefully detailed space with high ceilings, clever cabinets, and an excellent bathroom. Being less than 2 months old it is spotless and built with fine craftsmanship. There was plenty of daylight in my third floor room which had one xtra large double hung operable window.  What was wrong? Not much. My large window let in too much N O I S E from plows, sweepers, traffic, rumbling subway, and garbage trucks on Church Street throughout the night. If you are a light sleeper, bring ear plugs.  The coffee not as good as other nearby spots; the restaurant was open most of the time but little business due to lack of reputation and a liquor license. I hardly ever saw anyone dining. Prices a little high, I guess. Needs more signage and visibility from the outside, and there is plenty of competition in surrounding blocks for good food.  My white bed was huge and comfortable. Bathroom was expansively designed. Good lighting and mechanical systems (except that I would be startled by a loud bang in a pipe in the wall occasionally), Wardrobe was too tight, but many rooms seem to have closets. I know, because our company had 5 of us staying there all week. Rooms have a working HD wall mounted LCDTV and endless cable channels. Laptop safe (not that you need it). Nice to have the evening turn-down service, with fresh gourmet chocolate, and bucket filled with ice.  Having been in the neighborhood a few weeks recently, I have gotten to love all of the varied plentiful restaurants (&amp; sat near Lou Reed and Laurie Anderson in one place a block away), the handy convergence of two major subway lines, and a safe feeling. Not much retail but I saw four fine wine shops. That is a good sign. I recommend Chambers Street Wines.  The hotel staff was all friendly and I often saw four working in the small lobby; they certainly have things covered. You can use a fancy gym about 4 blocks away thanks to a pass from the hotel.  To conclude, design is tops and a good value. The neighborhood makes up for any shortcomings, But consider the Church street noise infiltration.	
Jan 25 2008 	Duane Street Hotel was great!	This was a great little hotel with wonderful beds. It has only been open a few weeks. We only paid $245 for a room with 2 QUEEN (not double!) beds. The room was very clean and modern but not a lot of extra space which is typical in NY. The hotel staff couldn't have been nicer. It is close to 2 different subway stops. While it isn't near all of the tourist attractions in Midtown, it is close to the shopping in SoHo and to Century 21 (the best discount shopping in the world!). I would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2008	??????????????		
