Sep 30 2009 	Perfect Location	My Husband and I are just back from a trip to NYC .We had an amazing time and there is much to see and do in this city . We stayed at the Rockefeller Centre Hotel and as the name would suggest this hotel is situated just off the Rockefeller Centre. It is also right beside Radio City Music Hall ,5th Auvenue, Broadway and Central Park.( All within easy walking distance) We could not have picked a better spot to start exploring this wonderful city. Like all NYC hotels the rooms are small however we found our room to be very clean and our bed was really comfortable . I have read other reviews about the bathroom but we had no complaints with same. It serves its purpose .The staff were friendly enough and we had no problems checking in or out. But you do need your key card for the elevator to take you to your room floor which is a bit of a nuisance if your like me and forget where youput it ! Im not sure what the story is with breakfast in this hotel as like most hotels in the US breakfast is not included and we just presumed it would be a bit of a rip off. Anyhow there are some great places to eat around the area. I would recommend this place for the perfect base to explore NYC	
Sep 21 2009 	Great spot for a 3 day visit	Before I review this hotel, I have to ask why this hotel is listed twice, uner two different names? This hotel and the Rockefeller Center Guest Quarters are one and the same. Read reviews for both - not sure why Trip Advisor doesn't amend the listing.I had a very nice stay here and for $179 plus taxes, don' t think I could have asked for better. I was there Monday-Wednesday, before Labor Day Weekend- so the very end of the summer season.I had a room on the 16th floor which was very quiet - execpt for the occasional middle of the night horn honking - but I don't think you can avoid that in NYC. My room was spacious, clean and well equipped. The bathroom was nice too, but as it has a sliding frosted glass door that doesn't really offer privacy (or shut tightly), I wouldn't have wanted to share the room with a friend.The location was great. (I wanted to stay in midtown because I was headed to both the Upper West Side and to meet friends in Brooklyn one night for dinner.) Being right on the egde of Rockefeller Center was also quite pleasant and handy. Lots of places to grab a decent breakfats for only a few dollars on your doorstep. There is a tube stop just round the corner next to Radio City Music Hall. (And for any homesick Brits, there is a Pret a Manger just a few blocks west.)This is not the place to stay if you want lots of service, a lobby bar, restaurant, etc. - none of which I was looking for. Not sure why some people complain about the tiny lobby (it is small) but who cares? There are some sofas in it if you need to wait for someone.The only thing on which I would give lower marks was service- and even then most of the people who work the front desk are polite and helpful (not necessarily friendly or welcoming, but polite). There was, however, one man whom I found extremely lacking in any sort of social graces and who does not belong working in a public capacity. I overlooked it but would not want to have to interact with him on a regular basis. It's a discredit to the hotel which seems to be otherwise very well run.I was a bit annoyed that I wasn't allowed to check in even a little early - the place was not full or even busy. I would recommend this hotel to single travellers or maybe a for couple in town for a few days. If I am entirely honest, though, I have this lingering feeling that I got &quot;lucky&quot; and had a good stay, whereas at a busier time of year or under other circumstances it might not have been as peaceful and pleasant.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location	Great location and our room was surprisingly quiet even though it was in the center of Midtown. Just a few blocks from Times Square on one side and St Patricks Cathedral on 5th on the other side. Room was smaller than others I've stayed at in NYC but had flat screen TV and coffee maker. The shower in the bathroom was not separated from the rest of the floor so the whole floor was soaked after a shower, which I did not like. Lots of business people in the hotel - not much of a tourist hotel - no concierge to help us plan our time in NYC. Would recommend for location and value ($179 per night when booked and paid for in full in advance).	
Aug 25 2009 	Great for couples	My wife and I looked for a place in midtown to spend the night to celebrate our anniversary. This was a great choice. For the area, it was not too expensive (especially with some credit card points used) - I think around $200 for the night. We stayed on the 14th floor, in the corner room if you make a right out of the elevator, and it was great for the two of us for a night in the city. Instead of taking the subway home from the restaurant, we just walked through time square and rockefeller center to our room.The room was clean, with more than enough space for 2. Listen, it was almost bigger than our apartment - welcome to NY. I can understand those that were uncomfortable trying to fit 3 people, and the frosted glass bathroom door might be unnerving if rooming with someone other than your spouse (but it was really not a big deal - you can't see through it, and it closed fine and tight). There was a big flatscreen TV and temperature controls by the bed, which was really comfortable. There was a desk and free WIFI, and an assortment of books and other things-to-do type pamphlets.Service was great. We forgot toothpaste, so we called the front desk, and they sent a tube up in 5 minutes at 11:30pm.Check in and out was quick and easy with the computer terminals. You do need a key to get up the elevator though, so keep that in mind.If you wanted a ritzy lobby and butlers and large terraces, visit the Marriot for a billion dollars. This is a great hotel, that does what a hotel in the city (the only city that matters) should do - it's in the middle of it, clean, and efficient.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good location but nothing else	The room was small for 3 people and would only suit one person. The cushions and blanket had stains on them before we used them. The bathroom had a frosted door which reduced privacy and was small. The sofa bed and the main bed were comfortable to sleep in. The reception staff were not friendly and we were ignored throughout the whole stay. But the cleaning staff greeted us every morning. I would not go back to this hotel as their was nothing special but the location was good as many attractions are in easy access by walking. Lucky for us we were far too busy to spend time in the hotel as we were out all day exploring NY so for just sleeping in the room did its job.	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent and would stay again	Small rooms but well designed and fantastic location. Very professional and friendly staff. Smart room, great bed and pillows - slept really well. Also, great to have free internet access with trust placed in guests not to over use.Would recommend that maps etc be placed in rooms. Only negative was that we could hear the generators so perhaps ask for a room away from these.One recommendation for any hotel, wish a hotel would just offer muesli or special K with low fat milk and a coffee or toast and coffee for a reasonable price.	
Jun 23 2009 	FABULOUS!	We stayed here for 4 nights and we had nothing but a fabulous experience. The location was perfect - right between 5th Ave, Radio City Music Hall and the Rockefeller Centre! Only a 2 min walk away from Time Square and a 2 min walk away from Central Park. It was perfect! The hotel staff were excellent - top notch service. They were very helpful in helping us find great places to eat and were always at the front door to make you feel welcomed and safe. They were always smiling! It was great! I don't have one bad thing to say about our stay! Our room was of course small - but I knew that going in as I paid the price for a cheaper room. However, it wasn't that small that we felt crampt. I highly recommend this hidden gem!!	
Jun 2 2009 	A very lovely surprise	Sorry this is a very late review.I visited New York in May 2008 and it has to be one of the best places in the world. There are hundreds of hotels to choose from in NYC and this is a very lovely surprise. It is located just opposite the Rockefeller centre and is accessible to all of new york as there is a tube station across the road at the Rockefeller Centre.The rooms are a little dark but that's good for sleeping but they are very comfy and clean. The rooms are cleaned each day and the staff at reception are very helpful. If you fancy going to a Braodway show they are more than happy to book the tickets for you and give you ideas what to do although you will not be bored in NYC.There is internet access on the mezzanine floor but you may have to wait a sthere are only tow computers. Breakfast wasn't included but there are plenty of cafe's around to eat so there are no worries there. There is also a restaurant in the hotel but NYC is full of fab places so venture out. Gordon ramsey's Restaurant The London is a couple of blocks away and is a short walk and definitely worth a visit.	
May 18 2009 	Good Value Great Mid-Town Location	If you're looking for an inexpensive room in NYC, this is a pretty good pick. I booked a last minute trip to see Leonard Cohen at Radio City Music Hall, so I paid a little more than I would have liked. If you can get a room for under $150 here, it's not a bad deal. I would think this would be an especially good pick for first time visitors to New York as it is sooo centrally located to many tourist sites: Rockefeller Center (obviously), The Empire State Bldg, Times Square, etc. Be prepared for the rooms to be really small by American standards. I had a single, and it was really more of a &quot;sleep closet&quot; than a room. The bathroom is so small that unless you are a dwarf or an 8 yr. old, you have to practically sit side-saddle on the potty. This is definitely a no-frills establishment, but fairly clean, safe, up to date, and with very comfortable beds.	
May 4 2009 	Best choice value position!!!!!	I booked this hotel through Expedia.it for an average of 100 $ a night and it's awesome!!! I mean it's not a luxury hotel, but spotless clean, in front of the Rockefeller center, near to the theater district, you have complimantary internet access and desktop at the mezzanine floor. For that price in NY I think it's really a great choice. Could be better: the reception is small and nearly always overcrowded, but they quickly attend your needs anyway, The desktop they provide id only one, but generally nobody is there (plus they provide a printer). The rooms are not big (they have mostly queen beds I think) but they have LCD TVs and anything you may need. If you are on the lowest floors it can be a little noisy, but if you get a room with a view on the inner yard, it is ok.	
Apr 2 2009 	A Winner!	Just returned from our 2nd stay at this hotel and once again, everything was outstanding. As others have pointed out, the location can`t be surpassed. Some have griped about the tiny lobby, but this is a triviality. Upon entering the hotel there are 2 check in/check out kiosks. You swipe your credit card, your reservation information comes up and it gives you your room key card. Very easy......no waiting in line. Elevator access requires the key card so security is a priority here. The youthful, smartly dressed staff is perpetually smiling and helpful. To appease those disgruntled souls who have issue with the lobby, the 7th floor Terrace Club more than compensates. There is a spacious sitting area, restaurant and gratis computers so you can check your personal email. As others have also mentioned, there are filtered water dispensers with bottles in the Terrace Club and on some other hotel floors. The hotel is only 3 years old and our room still looked new. We had a very comfortable queen bed, kitchenette, a great bathroom with a huge shower, flat screen televsion, comfortable sitting area with sofa bed and all the amenities of a much more expensive hotel. Requests for exptra pillows and an iron and ironing board were honored withing 5 minutes. We got all this for a great rate of $159 per night. We shall return!	
Mar 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	My husband and I celebrated our 1st anniversary in Manhattan and stayed at the hotel overnight. We were extremely pleased. Although we arrived several hours before check-in time, we were able to go to our room. The room was small but perfect for us. The furnishings were very nice and the bathroom was modern. We were on the 17th floor and had a fantastic view of St. Patrick's Cathedral. The location is convenient to everything but it's just a bit off the &quot;beaten path&quot; so it wasn't all that noisey. The staff was very efficient and friendly and the price was right ($166 with tax included). We'll definately stay there again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Very Nice	My husband &amp; stayed here for two nights. We were very pleased with the hotel. We arrived about 12:30pm and was able to go ahead &amp; check in. The room was very nice &amp; modern. On every other floor they offered free filtered bottles of water. Room had a small refrigerator &amp; microwave. Excellent location-was able to walk to alot of places. Would definitely stay here again!!!	
Mar 15 2009 	Great value and location	Wonderful location - close to shops on Fifth Ave, and right in front of Rockefeller Center. Great deal for peak season from Expedia. Elevators are slow. Very small lobby. Hallways, rooms, closets, and bathroom are all small (probably average for NYC), but clean and new- modern fittings. Clean carpet and bed linen. Used Internet for free in Business Center- very handy for finding restaurants and checking email. Free filtered water with disposable plastic bottles next to lifts on alternate floors. Tourist from Australia	
Jan 5 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I stayed at the Rockefeller Center Hotel for one night (December 28th) with my mother and 9 year old daughter. The hotel was easy to find and in a perfect location for all of the activities I had planned. Although we requested a room on a high floor so that my daughter could see the tree, we received a room on the 7th floor (which we did not dispute). The front desk staff was very helpful. offering us storage for our bags, helping us to check-in using the automatic kiosk, and calling a car service when it was time to go to the airport. The room was nice, we had a studio, with tiled shower, and good sized bathroom. Our room also had a pull out couch, coffee maker, and flat panel TV. We ate at the restaurant twice. The first time, we had appetizers and wine (on the heated outdoor deck) mid-afternoon. The next morning, we had the buffet breakfast ($11 for cold buffet and $16 for cold and hot- which I thought was reasonable, considering I paid $23 for a breakfast buffet at a similar hotel in Boston). From the deck, you are able to see an obstructed view of Rockefeller center and the side entrance to Radio City Music Hall. On the day of our departure, we skated in Rockefeller center and had lunch at American Girl Place. The hotel was very close to both places.I have stayed at several other hotels in New York (including the Marriott Marquis and Affinia Dumont), and although not as luxurious as some, it one offered the best combination of location and amenities. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 4 2009 	Amazing	This place was amazing. First off the location was amazing, right by the Rockefeller tree and everything else was just a short walk away. My girlfriend and I did not use a Taxi at all. Everything was extremely close we either walked or took the Metro.The service was great. Everything we requested was at our room within 2 minutes. The front-desk was extremely helpful and catered to any of our needs - with a smile. The rooms were a little small but were equipped very nicely with a Samsung LCD TV and the beds were extremely comfortable. The rooms were also very clean.We are already planning our next trip to the Big Apple and plan on staying here again. Great value and and amazing place to stay.	
Dec 11 2008	Great Location!!!!	The location of this hotel for a see the Christmas Tree at Rockefeller Center is exceptional. The room was nice; nothing exceptional. The lifts were a problem.....sometimes spent over 7 minutes waiting for one. My keycard got deactivated three times during a 2 night stay. If you don't want the cleaning staff to turn off your heat during the day you need to let the front desk know. The check in/out staff was courteous and professional. A great location for visiting the Saks light show, Rockefeller Center tree, and Grand Central light show.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great stay at The Rockefeller Center	I had booked this hotel after reading other reviews onTA. We arrived at the hotel at about 1.30pm but were immediately assisted by the desk staff and given the keys to our room. I had read about problems with the lifts at this hotel, but our cards worked straight away and all through our short stay we never waited more than a couple of minutes for a lift. Our room was 605 at the front of the hotel, overlooking W.51st and The Rockefeller Plaza ... well the entrance to it ! The room was perfect for us, twin beds, a sofa, desk, flat screen tv and a kitchen area with a fridge, microwave and coffee machine(which we used to brew our tea in each morning). Basic supplies are available from Duane Reade almost next door to the hotel and we took breakfast in a deli/coffee shop a couple of doors down the street, great value and lovely coffee.The beds were extemely comfy and we both slept well. The bathroom was small but very clean and well stocked with towels, the only complaint from us was that the water in the shower could have been a touch hotter.One night of our stay we had been to The Radio City Music Hall Christmas Spectacular and decided as it was extremely cold we would have room service. We chose to order from The Terrace Club, the hotel has a selection of restaurants to order from. Our meal and bottle of wine arrived promptly and was quite tasty .On our last day we requested a late check out, so kept our room until 3pm for an extra $35, this was useful and then our bags were kept for us until we left for the airport later that evening. On departure from the hotel we enquired about a cab, Member of staff on the desk asked if we would like her to order a car for us, a price of $60 was quoted, inc. tip &amp; tolls . This sounded great.... she went off to arrange it and then said the car was right outside! Imagine our surprise when we went out to find a HUGE white stretch limo..... Same price ! So we travelled back to JFK in style! Good job too as it took forever! the traffic was awful.Would definately book this hotel again and recommend to fellow travellers.	
Aug 9 2008 	A good surprise	We stayed 5 nights in New-York at the Rockefeller center hotel.Very good location in the middle of Manhattant, 10mn walk to Central Park , 5mn to the MOMA or Time square.The room was large enough and clean. We didn't see any cockroach !	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent location with helpful staff!!	We stayed at the Rockefeller hotel for 4 nights in July and got an excellent deal for four of use to stay in a studio type room - something like 660 pounds on expedia so we couldn't turn it down. Two people had to sleep on a sofa bed which wasn't the most comfortable but other than this the room was very spacious and comfortable. The hotel staff are very friendly and advised us on all the local attractions that are minutes away from the hotel. Timesquare is literally around the corner and there were no shortage of delis for breakfast and lunch - very affordable too!! We had a great time at this hotel and would definitely stay in it again because of its superb location, its facilities and its staff.	
Jun 11 2008 	Lovely stay at Rockefeller Center Hotel	My husband and I went to NYC in early May for 4 days and 3 nights and decided to stay here. We had a lovely experience. The hotel is right in the heart of Rockefeller Center with easy walking access to Broadway, Central Park, Carnegie Hall and more. It is so convenient. The room, although small was quite nice and very clean. Color scheme was gray and maroon with bedding in dark gray...very business like. There really is no lobby...just a check-in desk and a few chairs. On the second floor front overlooking the lobby there is a small lounge with chairs, newspapers and a computer to access the internet. We had to park our car in a garage a few blocks away but we didn't mind. Another nice thing about this hotel was the excellent customer service of their young staff. Very helpful.	
Jun 9 2008	Convenient Boutique hotel	Spent 4 nights with my daughter at the Rockefeller Center. Really enjoyed our stay in this small and intimate hotel with only 6-8 rooms on each floor. Check in very efficient and given a room on the 6th floor. Found room to be rather dark and overlooking the back of the hotel so no view. Rang reception and asked for another room with a view - immediately given a room on the 16th floor overlooking Radio City Music Hall. Great room with all modern facilities. Yes, the rooms are rather small compared to the Novotel (which we normally stay in) but really they are only used to sleep in! The location for shopping couldn't be better only 1 block from 5th Ave and only 10-15 minutes from Times Sq, Central Park etc. Did have problems with the lift/elevator key not working properly on a number of occasions, but laughed it off - there is always someone to help!There is an attractive restaurant on the 7th floor overlooking the Rockefeller Plaza and St Patrick's Cathedral, only ate breakfast here once as found it quite expensive. Bonus of free bottled water available on every other floor.On our last day the premiere of 'Sex in the City' was taking place in Radio City Music Hall - pity we had to leave as we could have watched the celebrities arrive from our bedroom window!We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 22 2008	Excellent hotel	Hotel is perfectly located right in the heart of Manhattan. Front desk provided excellent service and suggestions for tours etc. Hotel is clean and room was more than adequate for two even though we booked a single and it was described as 'petite'. Cost of room was just over $300 a night which is apparently a good price for the location. Would definitely use this hotel again and recommend it anyone who wants to be central.	
Mar 18 2008	Great Location	I took my daughter to New York for her 16th birthday and we stayed at the Rockefeller Plaza Hotel which is right in the heart of Rockefeller Plaza. Great location with easy walk to Times Square, shopping on 5th Ave., Broadway shows, etc. Cafe a few doors down was great for coffee and breads in the morning. This is a very modern hotel with a self service check-in which was very quick and easy. We booked the cheapest room knowing we would only be there to sleep. The room was very small with no closet. Would not want to stay there for more than one or two nights. The furnishings were very modern. Air/heat worked great and the controls were right next to the bed so you didn't have to get up to adjust the temp. No blanket on the bed and only two pillows. Requested both and received them very quickly. Free bottled water was a nice touch. Staff at front desk were helpful and called a car to pick us up to go to the airport since the St. Pat's Day parade had the street in front of the hotel shut down and getting a cab was going to be tricky. We had no trouble with the elevators. The best part of this hotel is the location and I would recommend it to anyone staying for a few nights in New York.	
Feb 11 2008 	Not enough for the price	I stayed at this hotel because of its location. For its going rate, I expected a lot more. It is almost a pseudo-hotel. There is no real lobby (real small), just a couple places to sit and two self check-in kiosks that eject your room keys. There are a couple of concierge type people standing around but it was unclear to me their function. In regards to the room keys, they do not work immediately. After a failed first attempt of accessing my room, I was informed that it takes a few minutes for the card keys to work. The keys were recoded (just in case) and encountered a failed second attempt. With my luggage still in hand, I had to call maintenance, who did respond promptly, to access my room with their key. They informed me that a separate set of keys would be coded and delivered to the room. These keys never materialized, but fortunately the original (and recoded keys) started to work 10 minutes later. The room, located on the 5th floor, was small and included the bare minimum. The bathroom was also small and completely inadequate. The water pressure was terrible. The toilet would not properly flush and kept getting clogged. I had to call maintenance again to correct this problem. The bathroom had a stand-in shower with a curtain. This curtain did not do a very good job of maintaining the water in the shower. As I previously mentioned, water pressure was so low, you could not take a decent shower.This hotel is located next to Rockefeller Center, Fifth Avenue and very close to Central Park. If you are ONLY looking to be in this prime location, then this hotel may suit your needs (I would still suggest looking at others). BUT for its cost, I expect more from a hotel. Service was prompt when needed, but I should not need it so frequently for a single night stay.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great location great price great service	Booked on Expedia. Good rate for midtown Manhattan (booked 6 months prior; stayed between Christmas and New Years Eve) for studio room; family of 4. Small room, like most others in NYC, but fine for our purposes. Room was clean. Very helpful staff. Amazing location for seeing Radio City Christmas show, 5th Ave shopping, museums, plays, etc. We found our own restaurants, but did go with a concierge recommendation one night (Azalea's - Italian food) which was overpriced and not very authentic, compared to some smaller and nicer ones we found between 5th and Broadway. If you need to eat nearby, there's a good bakery a couple doors down (toward Ave of Americas) for breakfast. Another eatery a couple more doors down for good pizza. Concierge arranged for a car to EWR for us; very sharp black Lincoln for less than a taxi (which is what we took from EWR to hotel). Staff was nice and no problems with elevator, like I read about in a couple reviews. I'd go back with the fam.	
Jan 11 2008	Great hotel great location!!!	Stayed at the Rockefeller Center Hotel for 5 nights over new year.Found it to be a very clean, comfortable hotel with a brilliant location! You could walk just about anywhere to the main attractions -5th Ave, Times Square, Empire State, Central Park etc etc. Being 1 block away from 5th Avenue shopping my girlfriend loved the convenience of being able to drop bags off into the hotel rather than having to carry them around all day!Check in and out was easy. All we did was swipe our credit card into a machine and it did everything for us - no need to line up at all fora check in person!The rooms were small - but most of them are in NY, but were vvere verycosy, very modern and clean. The bathroom was again clean and moden but had a shower cubicle and no bath.The lounge, bar and dining area was spacious, quiet and had lovely views out to the Rockefeller Center. It had 3 computers providing freeinternet access which was very handy.The only downsides to the hotel are that the lobby area is very small and can get crowded and they could do with more than 2 lifts!Be warned though this hotel has no car park!	
Jan 7 2008 	Fab time at the Rockefeller Center Hotel	We stayed at the Rockefeller Center Hotel during the busiest shopping week of the holiday season - 12/2 thru 12/7. We couldn't have been in a better location, we were literally steps away from 5th Avenue shopping and the Rockefeller Center Tree.CHECK IN: Fast and EfficientROOM: LARGE compared to other NY hotels. The little kitchenette was great. Bed was comfortable. Closet was small, but still lots of room for our suitcases under the desk and in the seating area. ELEVATOR: Slower than other hotels, but manageable.MISC: Loved the free water, staff was friendly, couldn't have asked for a better location.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Location great price	Stayed here for 5 nights with 2 friends on a shopping and sightseeing trip. One room with queen bed and sofa bed (double), room size was bigger than expected as photos looked small on website. Room had small kitchenette with sink, fridge and microwave plus coffee maker - great if you get any doggy-bags home!. Hotel is not 5 star plush but modern, clean and in good condition on a relatively quiet street (5th and 51st). So in a great location opposite the Rockerfeller Center and Radio City Music Hall. At the end of the street is 5th Avenue for shopping and plenty taxis etc. Very safe area felt okay walking late at night with plenty of restaurants and a bar within 5 mins walk. Also on same street are at least 3 deli's which served great choice for breakfasts and also pizza, paninis for lunch or snacks. Drug store a few yards for essentials. Overall could not fault this hotel for the price we paid. Would definately stay there again for the cleanliness, location and good sleeps without too much noise!!!	
Jan 1 2008 	nice hotel GREAT location	yep, the previous reviews are correct... The rooms are on the small side, but the bathroom is exceptionally small. I really didn't like the fact that there was a sliding door to the bathroom that did not meet flush with the wall, leaving an open couple inches gap between door and wall. Our room was clean, though not meticulous by any means. The black furniture highlighted the dust. The bed, however, was heaven and the pillows were exceptional.The day staff were very friendly and helpful. The night staff, not so. So, the hotel is nice, not great, but the location is superb. So much that you want to do is within walking distance. For a better rate, I would stay here again.	
Nov 21 2007 	Right Price Right Location. Great Staff	First off, arrived at the location early morning. Knowing that check in is at 3pm, i was able to check in early. Great Start!!They have a great breakfast on thier &quot;Club&quot;. Price was reasonable. The front desk staff were great, helped me make reservations at restaurants and also booked a helicoptor tour for me and my wife.Only thing i can say i wish they changed were the elevators. Building is between 25 to 30 floors. Yet only 2 elevators?I guess not something can be changed now. But overall the experience in new york was great along with location just made it even more special.Will definetly return and reccommend! A +++	
Nov 1 2007 	Great location modern rooms reasonable value for money	A reasonable price for modern, comfortable rooms in a great location right by the Rockefeller centre and 5th avenue - great if you're a shopaholic like me!There's no lobby really, so it is pretty much the lift to your room and that's about it - so it really depends what you expect from a hotel. If you just want a modern, clean, comfy room in the centre of Manhattan you will be fine, but don't expect fancy room service or anything like that!There are a couple of pretty affordable places to breakfast at just next to the hotel so don't worry that breakfast isn't included in the price - you can grab something for $5 or less in the cafes nearby.The room was a moderate size for NYC, but the good thing was that it was well designed so you felt you had more space. Good air con system. Modern furnishings and nice flat screen TV. Decent hairdryer and coffee maker provided, they also have vending machines for drinks.	
Oct 20 2007 	Great NYC Hotel	My fiancee and I stayed at the Rockefeller Center Hotel for 2 nights in July of 2007. When researching hotels for our trip, we had a few requirements that needed to be met: 1) reasonable rate (didn't want to spend more than $300/night), 2) mid-town location, 3) reasonable overnight parking rates (yes, some people still need to park a car in NYC), 4) exercise facilities and 5) internet accessThe Rockefeller Center Hotel met all of these requirements. The hotel was clean, modern, and efficient. The rate was very reasonable (our rate was $245/night) . The rooms were small, but nothing out of the usual for NYC. Two years ago we stayed at the Grand Hyatt NYC and I would rate the room quality an the Rockefeller Center Hotel roughly equivalent. The Grand Hyatt's rooms seemed to be a bit larger and it had a giant, fancy lobby (but how much time are you planning on spending in the lobby of your hotel in NYC in the summer?)High speed internet access was included at no additional fee. It has a decent exercise facility. A nice bonus was the free bottled water.If for some reason you have a car you need to park overnight (this doesn't apply to most people), the Rockefeller Center Hotel had an agreement with a garage a couple of blocks away for only $35 a night. Many other hotels we considered were closer to $50/night.Rockefeller Center is a great place to be if you're a tourist. It was fantastic to be able to get up in the morning and walk 2 minutes to watch the live broadcast of the Today Show. When we stayed there, the hotel appeared to be very new -- and as long as it's kept in good shape, we would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 19 2007 	Overpriced and dissapointing	Only positive is its location and even that has its downsides i.e. step outside into the crowds of Times Square and queue for Radio City (entrance to Hotel constantly almost blocked in evening by smokers from basement night club - Johnny Utah). Lobby minute and this made worse by staff who do not know how to check you in properly - no chance of dealing with more than one customer at a time. Not expecting anything other than small room but this made far worse by poor ergonomic design and large pillar in middle of room. View at the back of hotel is the pits. Lift unbelievably slow even when 2 working, when one went out of action could have got out of the city and back again in time it took to get down to the lobby. Dress code required to visit the restaurant terrace - someone here has delusions of grandeur! Distinctly underwhelmed by lack of value for money - ok it's the middle of the city but would expect much better for the price. Next time around would stay in cheaper and better quality hotel outside Manhatten and spend the difference on transport in and out.	
Oct 18 2007 	Highly Recommended	I am confused by some of the reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor because it is truly superb. There are a couple of VERY MINOR points that I would like to make. 1. The rooms are a tad on the small side - but this really isn't a problem. After all what you need in a hotel is clean and comfortable accomodation ! My parents stayed in room 1706 which was probably the smallest room in the hotel and I stayed in 1704 which was a little bigger, but both were very very clean and pefectly big enough for our needs.2. The two lifts are often busy at peak times. At one point in our stay the 2nd lift broke and we had to wait about 10 mins for a ride. Having said that the lift was fixed within 24hrs.And there ends my criticism, as I said VERY MINOR. On the plus side it has all of the following going for it.........1 Staff are friendly and very helpful. You can get a discount for the 'Top of the Rock' viewing platform from reception - recommended at night - amazing atmosphere.2 Check In / Out was extremely easy and could be done with or without a member of staff present.3 Rooms were beautifully clean and serviced to the same high standard every day. Hotel was only built in 2006 and you can see that from the modern and fresh design.4 All rooms have FREE wireless or wired internet access.5 All rooms have a flat screen TV, cordless phone, Tea / Coffee facilities.6 The bed was as comfortable as my own one at home and the pillows are the business.7 Shower was always hot and powerful, just what you need after a long day strolling round Manhattan.8 There is a gym and restaurant on-site but I cannot comment on either as we were too busy to use them.9 The location is good, midway between Central Park and Times Square just off 5th Ave.10 My wife and I have stayed in two other hotels in New York but this is by far the best - we will return without hesitation.Overall I would score this hotel 95 / 100 at this price-point. Other people seem to agree - the hotel was FULLY BOOKED during our stay (10 - 16th Oct 2007).Some Other Tips:1 The hotel is quite expensive if booked through their own website - try one of the popular travel websites for discounted rates / free nights. 2 If you book through the popular travel website begining with 'E' and ending in 'xpedia' then forget the hotel transfers. They lead you to believe that you are getting private transfers. What you actually get is a 'Super Shuttle' (Blue Mini-van) which you have to share with up to 9 other passengers. The driver will make multiple stops and often go back to the airport even when you though you were on your way to the hotel. They are also massively overpriced. You can get an NYC Taxi (Yellow cab) from JFK to Manhattan for a flat fee of $45.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Location Shame about the staff	This was our first time to New York, we went as a group of 4 - 2 of which were celebrating their 30th birthdays, and also an engagement! I initially emailed the hotel and asked for a room which had a good view of the city (someone on Tripadvisor advised doing this) - thinking i might get one on the street side..... that didnt happen. We asked the staff for some tourist info and they werent particularly helpful.The rooms are clean and tidy and enough for what we needed them for..... i would stay there again simply for the location as this was excellent - for anyone who doesnt know their way around... this is the most central place ever!! 5th Avenue just round the corner, rockefeller centre and the music hall just over the road.. times square about a 10 minute walk - GREAT.If you are looking for a nice place to stay which is fairly priced and has an excellent location - this is the one for you. if you're from the UK just think 1-2 steps above a travellodge and you wont be disappointed.	
Sep 25 2007 	Tiny Space	The location of this hotel is very good. Our room was supposed to be for 3 people but only had a queen bed. They brought in a rollaway for our 3rd person which took up all the remaining space in the room. Advertised VIP tickets to MOMA but when we asked about them were told that the museum was free that day (Friday). Free after 4 PM, not at 10 AM when we were going there. Staff was not helpful at all. This is an odd little hotel.	
Sep 11 2007 	This hotel is a gem	This hotel is a gem. We read some good reviews on line and then called the hotel directly. Because of the Labor Day weekend and the U.S. Open, and because of its location overlooking Rockefeller Center (near great shopping and near Broadway theatres), we were pleasantly surprised to find we were able to get 2 rooms at an unbelieveably reasonable rate. Upon our arrival, our rooms were ready early, and when we asked for a change of one room [because the hotel's HVAC system was on the ledge below), they could not have been more accommodating and nice. The hotel has closets on the floors with extra towels, soaps, coffee/tea, etc., and computers with internet access and printers for free. The 7th floor has a wonderful deck overlooking the skating rink, with St. Patrick's spires in the background, where you can dine, have a glass of wine, or just enjoy visiting with friends in the evening. The rooms were clean and new and the beds were very comfortable. The lobby has kiosks where you can check yourself in and out, and there is always a bowl of apples on the coffee table in the sitting area of the lobby. We are used to parking our car a couple blocks away, so that did not bother us at all. Also, we loved the fact that the hotel entrance is very discreet. It has a boutique-hotel feel to it. Finally, when we got home, we realized we had left our cell phone chargers in the room. We called late on Sunday night and the gentlemen who answered the phone went right up to our room to retrieve our chargers and mailed them to us the next day. Our only hesitation in recommending this lovely hotel is that too many people will use it and we won't be able to get reservations there on our next trip to NYC!	
Sep 10 2007 	Awful Experience	Booked an studio-efficiency for three and when we checked in were told Travelocity had overbooked the hotel. They put us in a very tiny room with a queen size bed and a cot, with a promise they would move our luggage to the correct room in the morning. I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I stated that we would be leaving early in the morning and not returning until 11 p.m. and we were assured that things would be taken care. When we came back at 11pm to get our new room keys - we were told that even though the order was put in to move our room it hadn't been done. But they would give us two rooms on separate floors - I was traveling with 2 teenagers - ages 13 and 15 and had no intention of putting them in another room. They explained that there was nothing else that could be done. I asked them to find me us a similar room at a nearby hotel - which they did after 45 minutes. The night manager was extremely helpful and apologetic. We moved hotels at around midnight. The hotel is in a great location - but staff is not helpful or reliable. The room was just ok..	
Jul 31 2007	Hmmmmmm......	Hotel is wonderfully located for tourists, across the street from Rockefeller Center and close to subways. If saving money is your primary objective, then by all means stay here...you can do far worse! However,there are a couple of issues to be aware of: 1.) surly staff at check in; 2.) only two elevators, not nearly enough for a 40 story building; 3.) housekeeping problems--in my room there were crumbs on the chair and floor [from another guest's snack, I suppose]; the area around the microwave was extremely dusty and it was obvious that the refrigerator and microwave that came with the room hadn't really been cleaned in a while; the outlet in the bathroom didn't work; the bedspread needed a good cleaning.That being said, there's a nice, quiet bar for guests only that's on the 7th floor.	
Jul 31 2007 	Perfect Location	My girlfriend and I stary at the Rockefeller Center Hotel for 4 nights from July 26-29. The lobby is non-existant. A small counter, couple of chairs and a coffee table, but is nice to not have the big crowded lobby. We actually felt like the only ones there most of the time. No noisy kids running the hall or traffic from the streets. No view from our room though (409). Check in was fast and easy. The room is small, but nice. The only complaint is that the water when taking a shower runs almost all over the bathroom. The floor is one level with no seperation and the floor is not slanted toward the drain very much. Not much drawer space. Half a block from Rockefller Center, 3 blocks from times square, 8 blocks from Central Park. Close to subways and tons of resturants. Good all around hotel.	
Jul 2 2007 	clean efficient quiet central smallish rooms expensive	Booked via expedia, was somewhat cheaper than the rack rate. Hotels in NYC are taking new price heights every year, so at nearly 150 pounds (~300USD) a night this did not sound too awful for a decent hotel. The hotel is indeed central, opposite of RC itself, short walk to many sites. Lobby is virtually non-existent, just a tiny clean space with a desk and 2 self service checkin/checkout machines. I never experienced a queue of more than 1 person for being served there, which is good for NY standards. No obvious services like cafe/bar etc are visible, but apparently there is a restaurant, a snack machine and a gym somewhere on a higher floor. Rooms are on the smaller side for American standards, but OK for NY (seen worse). Mine was very clean and tidy. Importantly for a jet-lagged traveller, the courtyard rooms, although not offering a spectacular view, are very quiet with an office block opposite and good double glazing not letting much noise through - it can be much crazier in NYC if you're facing a street.Nothing to complain about really, everything went smoothly. It was clearly not the best hotel in my life, and I've seen much better hotels at much lower prices - but not in NYC. Appears to be a safe bet if you want a clean, efficient and quiet pace to stay in Manhattan, and don't mind the price.	
Jun 1 2007 	Location Location Location	If you are looking for a clean, modern hotel in the heart of Manhattan this is the perfect choice. It is within easy walking to The Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Time Square, Grand Central Station, Tiffany's, Bloomingdales and Broadway. The Empire State Building is a short taxi ride away ($10) while Greenwich, Soho, Little Italy and Ground Zero are only a $20 taxi drive away.This hotel is not a 'Grand' New York hotel but if you are looking for a comfortable, clean room to get some rest you cannot go wrong!All the staff we met were helpful and provided a professional service - no complaints what so ever!! If you have never been to New York before this hotel will be ideal!	
May 1 2007	fantastic location	This was our first trip to New york and I really don't think we could have picked a better hotel. The location of the hotel was amazing, just off fifth Ave, everything was so nearby. As well as being central we requested a high floor, which we recieved. Our view was not fantastic but on the plus side of this it was so quiet traffic noise never affected us. Due to the bed, quilt and pillows I have had the best sleep in years! This modern hotel is the perfect stay for anybody visiting the city wether tourist or business. I would recommend thishotel to anyone visiting the city.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great location	We stayed here April 17th and 18. Arrived early on the 17th, probably around noon. We were able to quickly check in as our room was ready.The lobby (if you even call it that) is very small, but with the kiosks, check in went very fast and smooth. The room is small, but we were expecting a small room in NY. The free internet was a plusOur room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. Bathroom is also tiny, but for one person at a time, it's fine.Also would have been nice to have a couple of bathrobes.If you stay here, try to get a room way from the elevators. We stayed in 408, right beside the elevator and heard the dinging and talking all night long. Also, 408 has no view at all from the window, which was kind of disappointing for out first trip to NY.All in all, We enjoyed our stay here (after all, all we used the room for was sleeping, this is New York!!)Check out was also very smooth. Our flight wasn't until 3:45, so we were able to leave out bags and return later. Got a cab right outside the door	
Apr 20 2007 	Great location nice room reasonably priced.	My mother and I really enjoyed our visit to the Rockefeller Center Hotel. We stayed for three nights while visiting New York City and attending two shows on Broadway. The room was clean, comfortable and large for the location. Wireless internet access came up immediately. The office space is excellent, with a variety of outlets and connections for a computer, and a real office chair. The microwave, coffee maker and fridge came in handy. In addition, the hotel offers free filtered water and bottles so that you can carry it with you. There are also closets with extra towels, coffee, etc... available. The self-service check-in was neat. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They do charge extra for late check-out, but they held our bags for free. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Location but nothing fancy	Hotel is very central, and there's a number of places to eat nearby as well as a pharmacy where essentials can be bought. However, don't expect much for your money - we paid about USD260 per night and got a shoe box ! There is no safe, no bathrobe, no wardrobe - just some open hanging space. However, the bed was ok, and bathroom clean (although only big enough for one person at a time!), with a hairdryer.I think if we had paid USD200 a night, we would have thought it was a great hotel, but as it is, we probably would have paid a bit more to get a nicer place as we were in NYC for our 9th anniversary! I would recomend to business people (free internet w laptop connection in room) and those who intend to see lots of shows (v close to theatres etc), and not spend much time in their room.	
Apr 10 2007 	Good hotel	We just came back from New York and I had to say we loved this hotel. Room was very clean. Room and especially the bed was BIG!Only bad thing was the view, which was poorly (back yard).Satff was friendly and helpfull. The location was absolutely the best thing.	
Apr 8 2007 	Fantastic!	We stayed for two nights and three days at the Rockefeller Center Hotel. Our family (two adults a five year old and an eight month old) was up for a few days of sightseeing and fun for the beginning of our spring break. Upon arriving in New York earlier than expected, we called to see if there was any possibility of an early check in. The attendant was very helpful and said he would have a room ready within an hour. Twenty minutes later our room was ready and we unpacked our car from the from the convenient parking space right out front. The room (907)was smallish, but bigger than I expected. It is well designed and as you can see, we even had room for the monstrous crib that they brought up! The front desk was always helpful and we never had to wait for any request to be filled. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Although, I did find several water balloons under our bed???!!!???!!! I have no idea what that was all about, but perhaps they should clean under the beds a little better! Some positives, complimentary water bottles in the hallway, prompt service, excellent location, speedy check in/out and excellent high speed internet. If I had to give some negatives it would be that sometimes the elevator key reader doesn't work very well- as some very frustrated people on the 18th floor found out! You can hear the phones ringing in the next room- but I couldn't hear any TV's or voices. They have taken away the ability to hookup your computer to their TV screen, so there is no ability to play your DVD's. But honestly, none of this would deter me from recommending this hotel very highly.All in all, we had a FABULOUS stay-- the location is EVERYTHING and I would very highly recommend this hotel and would absolutely go back!! Good luck!	
Mar 16 2007 	Great Location	I was pleased to find that the previous reviews of this hotel were pretty much accurate. The small and somewhat crowded lobby, lack of ironing board or iron in the room, and the need for a room key swipe to use the elevator fully prepared me for my experience. These wre mere observations and small details when it came to the nice clean and up to date rooms and the unbelieveable convenience of being in the best location imaginable for NYC. I am always happy to see internet access included too. Kudos to this hotel for tech! I would absolutely stay here again. I booked our two night stay on Hotels.com and payed about 220 per night. What a great deal for such a nice room. The price to value ratio is perfect for a city visit. This place is pefect for tourists or business travelers. Only criticism is the shower setup. The baths are built &quot;cruiseship style&quot; with the entire bathroom floor as the shower stall. the floors were not pitched to the drain resulting in a very cold puddle of water (in spite of a pile of towels used as a dam) until the poor maid came in and mopped each day. This should be addressed by the hotel ASAP but I am sure that it will be a costly repair in order to correct it. In the meantime the hotel needs to provide foam type squeegees for in room use. Not a deal breaker however. I give this hotel a thumbs up!	
Mar 9 2007	Great location!! Loved the hotel! Great service!	I was a bit hesitant booking at this hotel since there were not much reviews when i happened to look for a hotel (which was back in november) But once i arrived i was pleasantly surprised at the nice little location. First i have to say the staff although young were very attentive to me needs and very knowledgeble of the neighborhood and surronding area. Many shopping and hours spent wondering around in this faboulous city.The rooms are what you would expect for a new york city hotel. Very comfortable. Great bedding and and very clean. I would say i got a steal for the room here compared to the surronding area. (i payed a little over 250 for a a larger then normal room) Overall i have to say this hotel is defitnatly recommended by me and my family, and have to say very impressed.= )	
Feb 11 2007 	Great rooms awful customer service	I chose this hotel for it's great reviews and affordable price for a four star hotel. I left wondering how it ever achieved a four star rating. I was initially disappointed in the underwhelming lobby, which measures no bigger than 25 by 100 feet, and it's lack of size proved to be a problem when everybody was checking out on Sunday and we all litterally had to squeeze around each other to exit/enter. There are no irons in the rooms, and both times I requested one it took well over 30 minutes for it to be delivered. When I requested extra pillows (my wife and I were given only two for the bed) when we got in around midnight the first night, I waited 30 minutes before I had to call again and remind them that I had requested pillows.I will say the decor of the rooms is fantastic. A flat panel TV, wonderful furniture, and an incredibly comfortable bed make the 'room' experience of your stay excellent. The only complaint about the room was that the hot water pressure was very low, so if you like a high pressure shower, prepare to be chilly.Overall, I was very, very disappointed in the hotel. As a traveling technical support representitive for a Fortune 500 computer company, I've stayed at numerous hotels, and even at the most affordable they value customer service over everything else. That simply was not the case at the Rockefeller Center Hotel. I never felt special or important, maybe it was my age (23) or maybe it was my attire (When I was dressed in business atire I was treated much differently then when I was dressed in casual clothes). In actuality it was probably the combination of age, attire, and the young staff that seemed to be scrambling at all times, especially during the hectic checkout scene I described above. One word to sum it up? Underwhelming.	
Dec 29 2006	Perfect Location Great Service	Just returned from NYC and loved this hotel. Location was ideal for sightseeing. Perfect walking distance to most major sights/shopping as well as several subway routes. We were glad we stayed here versus a hotel closer to Times Square.Staff was great, very helpful, and even left a card and candy outside the door Christmas day. Hotel was clean. Rooms are small as most are in NYC, but the bathroom was actually bigger than expected. Wifi accessed in the room via personal laptop was free and fast.We were allowed to check in early since our room was ready. The hotel had secure luggage storage which was utilized by many hotel guests.Safe area for women and single travelers.	
Dec 26 2006 	Location great along with everything else	Great hotel. Location speaks for itself. Thel lobby is very small. Two chairs and a podium for the front desk. Check-in is quick. (Self check-in, zip, zip.) Rooms are a nice size and very clean. There is a mini refrigerator in each room. Vending is on 2nd floor and cans of coke are $1. There is complimentary bottled water on each floor. I don't eat breakfast but the restaurant has a beautiful view and the food looked very tasty. There is a nice workout room opened 24/7. I have stayed in the Westin(Times Square) and Hilton(Rockefeller Center) in the last couple of years and I prefer this hotel hands down.	
Dec 24 2006 	Location! Location! Location!		
Dec 12 2006 	Fantastic location		
Nov 22 2006 	Great New Hotel 		
Nov 15 2006	Might be questionable.		
Nov 5 2006 	Location location location		
Oct 20 2006 	Would Definitely Recommend This Hotel!		
Oct 11 2006 	Great stay in a great location!		
Oct 6 2006 	newfresha little different		
Sep 20 2006 	A Great Stay		
Jul 10 2006	A little gem!		
Oct 8 2009 	Un albergo centralissimo		
Mar 5 2009 	Un hotel perfecto en relacin calidad precio		
Sep 27 2008 	Lage genial		
Sep 4 2008 	Muy buena ubicacion muy buen servicio		
Aug 20 2008 	molto comodo e decoroso		
Aug 19 2008	Da consigliare		
Jul 10 2008	Trs bon choix !		
Dec 31 2007 	Ottimo albergo		
Sep 1 2007	bon rapport qualit prix		
Mar 21 2007 	Consiglio il rockefeller central hotel		
