	Meet our expectations- safe clean and comfortable	In NYC for Thanksgiving parade, etc. with family of 12 that includes four children ages 6-10. Hotel opened in early 2009 and is new. Hotel has 8 rooms per floor; four of the rooms face 40th Street while the other four rooms are on the back of the hotel. We had four rooms on the 27th floor. Two faced 40th Street while the other two rooms are on the back of the hotel and are quieter. Suggest you request rooms on back of hotel and higher floor for quietness. Rooms size is fine, clean with comfortable bed and pillows. Hotel has three elevators and even though the hotel was full the wait for an elevator was not long. Free breakfast was fine (coffee, hot chocolate, juice, fruit, cereal, toast, bagales, muffins, and biscuits with egg and meat). The free breakfast is nice benefit especially when you have kids. Breakfast room size is fine. 40th street is not the nicest but we always felt safe with our kids and never had a problem. There is a subway stop (40th Street and 8th Av.) within 150 feet of the hotel; you can also walk underground from this subway stop to the Times Square station which is great. The hotel is next to a Sheraton Four Points, and a new hotel is being built on the other side the Fairfield Inn. The hotel is across the street from a major bus terminal and it is easy to get a cab. We were there for 5 nights, our stay was fine, and we had no problems with this hotel. The hotel is fine for a family who wants to bring kids to NYC. It is safe, clean and comfortable.	
Nov 19 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	Great hotel! Everything was brand new and super clean!Free breakfast in the morning with a really nice modern sitting/eating area and vast assortment of different foods.The King size bed was very comforatable and had 4 really soft pillows. The bath room was huge and had a walk in shower.I will deff. want to stay here again! Great location and great price with name your own price on priceline ($85 woo hooo!).We were able to leave our bags after check out in the morning to shop or whatever untill we were ready to leave the city so that was a great help too!	
Nov 15 2009 	Perfect - exceded our expectations	The hotel was spotless, the staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were beautiful. We would definitly stay here again and have already recommended it to friends.	
Nov 10 2009 	Marriott quality but dreary location.	A typical Marriott hotel...attentive staff, great, clean rooms. You feel welcomed and at home, BUT...the location, next to the bus station, is horrible. Porno shops right next to the hotel. Guess it will change soon, as all that area is being renewed, but for the time being you should be aware of this.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent hotel in an excellent location	My fiancee and I stayed at the Fairfield Inn in October for 5 nights. The hotel was only 7 months old and was very nice indeed. We had a double room with free safe, wired high speed internet access, 32&quot; plasma television with HD channels and Air conditioning. The room was clean and had an excellent view. Our package included the continental breakfast which was perfect but the tabled seating area was not huge as we had to wait when it was busy. The staff were very helpful and polite. The location was perfect as it was only 4 blocks from times square and the port authority bus terminal with subway station, perfect if you take the AirTrain from JFK, just take the C or A train from Howard beach. The staff said that there will be a bar and restaurant coming soon. All in all it was excellent hotel and I will be going back there!!	
Nov 7 2009 	great ny value	this is a new property that is a great ny value. the rooms are typically ny small but nicely decorted and furnished. the staff is exceptional. a good ny value. would stay here again. only downside is difficulty getting a cab.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good Hotel shame about the place :-)	A very smart mid range Hotel, looks fairly new, tall builidng, 8 rooms per floor.Free breakfast which provides ample self service food of OK standard.Friendly staff.No bar or restaurant at the hotel which is a shame.Good location in general just opposite the Port Authority Bus Terminal and very close to the Underground exit.One thing that might let it down for some people are it's neighbours, it's on the same street as the probation service and several adult book stores. Having said that aslong as you're not a prude then this shouldn't be an issue.The location in itself is great for walking to the sights, 5th Avenue, Time Square, etc.	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice hotel bad location	This is a relatively new hotel. The room is nice and the bedding is comfortable. There is a nice shower with glass doors, however there is no tub. The one main problem I had with the hotel is the location. It is about a 3 1/2 block walk to Times Square which is not bad, however it is only a couple of doors down from a Parole office. It didn't really feel safe walking at least 2 of those blocks on a regular basis. The staff was very nice and the included breakfast was good. The breakfast area is a bit dark and dreary. I would probably not stay there again because of the location. Last time we stayed at the Marriott East Side and it seemed much safer there and it was right across the street from where the Gray Line tour starts at the Waldorf Astoria.	
Oct 31 2009 	Small rooms great service convinient if you get a good price..	Before we even stayed there, I had a good idea of what the property was going to be like. It is located right next door to the Four Points (basically, attached to each other) and so I figured it would be similar. It is.Lobby is functional, if just a bit small. Room off to the side with computers is very helpful if you don't have your own though there are always people on them.Rooms are small - smallest I've seen in New York I believe. There were 3 of us, and with all our suitcases I found it a bit cramped. While we never really 'fell over' each other, it was hard to get organized in the morning with all 3 of us in the room. Therefore, we went down for breakfast in turns so there was more room to get ready in. Our room contained 2 double beds, the bathroom, a TV cabinet/closet and a desk. Well laid out for the size, just very tiny.Breakfast was a great addition with many items to enjoy. Cereal, baked goods, heated sandwiches, coffee/tea/juice, fruit and yogurt. Breakfast room could be busy at times, though we never had a problem finding a table. One thing to note, however, was the wait for the elevators during breakfast hours. Sometimes it took up to 10 minutes for one to arrive either on your floor, or in the lobby.One huge mention goes out to the staff - all front office staff were very friendly. Always said hello to us, and remembered who we were throughout our stay. Very helpful, and that is a good find in New York. Another positive mention goes out to the free internet in the rooms.The hotel is located on 40th street, bordering the south side of the Port Authority Bus Station. It is a fairly desolate street with adult video stores, a liquor store and a corrections office located on it. I never felt unsafe on it, though my mother remarked she would probably never walk down the street alone at night. Subway entrance, when open, is located at the corner of 40th and 8th Avenue.Overall, a nice hotel in a bit of a down area. Good value for the money, though not incredibly cheap. To be honest, some of Marriott's other properties in Times Square were available for only a fraction more, though if you want free breakfast/internet..you will only find it here.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good Choice in NYC Midtown Area	We enjoyed the stay in this hotel. Paid $100 per night (+ tax and fees) via Priceline - great deal! Front desk gave us a high-floor king-size room (some hotels would give bad rooms to Priceline booking). Room is small but new, modern, and clean. Free breakfast buffet. Excellent service. Convenient location - a few blocks' walk to Times Square and half a block to metro entrance.	
Oct 15 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!!!	Stayed at Fairfield Inn for 5 days with my oldest friend - a great reuniion.She booked the Hotel, living in California, me being from England.Initial thoughts, the Hotel was in a busy sidestreet and quite small. However the room, although compact and bijou, fulfilled our every requirement. Lovely comfortable beds, good bath/shower, clean linen daily. Very good breakfasts and quite local to Times Square, Metro and bus station.Very convenient for everything we needed.I have only 1 gripe, about NYC and that is that I never had a warm drink in a proper cup/mug. All drinks were offered in either plastic of cardboard cups. Guess if that's my only gripe I have nothing to complain about.Loved the City, the people, even got used to the frenetic pace and the thousands of tourists, mostly walking in the opposite direction to me!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	a GREAT hotel!	New hotel, great location, great rate... Clean, safe, helpful staff	
Sep 28 2009 	First time to stay here - would go back	We go to NYC quite a bit, especially around the US Open. We always stay in the Times Square area at either the Marquis or one of the 2 Westins. We saw a lower price at this Fairfield Inn and decided to try. Good -- (1) Free Continental breakfast saves money compared to going out (2) Location is 1/2 block from a main subway entrance (3) free internet in rooms and in lobby (4) Price - should be $50 or so cheaper than other hotels mentioned (5) put a refrigerator in room for no charge. Bad - (1) Is not really at Times Square - probably 3 blocks away (but that can be good also) (2) As mentioned in other reviews, street is a little rough (but you are only one block from a high activity street) (3) For a new building, the in-room A/C unit is very noisy (Not all bad - it drowns-out street noises) (4) Requested &quot;high floor&quot;, got 3rd floor (turned-out ok because we could walk to our room without taking the elevator). Overall, I would stay here again if I could get a lower price than the Westin.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel for the price and easy access to all New York attractions	Fairfield Inn by Marriott is a good choice for any travellers. They are always clean, cosy and affordable.The Fairfield Inn in Manhattan/Time Squares is no exception. I enjoyed my stay tremendously.	
Sep 16 2009 	Perfect for business trips - better breakfast would earn it an "Excellent" rating	Stayed here for 4 nights on business. Yes, this part of 40th St is not very welcoming perhaps, but I didn't feel unsafe at any time. It's close to the subway, it's got great food options within walking distance, it's clean, modern and comfortable.I had a rate of only $125 per night so in that class it's really great; if there had been just a few more fresh items on offer in the complimentary breakfast, I would have rated it excellent. Free internet is of course a major plus as well. Two points of criticism only: issues with the elevators (waiting for 4 minutes on the 20th floor is not fun), and if they'd have even just one small meeting room available it would be better for business. Overall though, I will check their rates again when I am coming back to NYC.	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice hotel good service dirty area	I am partial to Marriott properties as a result of positive experiences so we chose this one due to the rate being $189/night on Labor Day weekend. The property itself is very nice but tight... the lobby is tight, the breakfast area is tight, elevators tight., the hallways tight.... we only had 2 small bags with us... I couldn't imagine getting on the elevator with larger pieces of luggage... having said this, while the king size room was small and.... you got it... tight, it was clean and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast is nothing special.. some instant hot cereal, cold cerea, apples and bananas each day, breakfast sandwiches for microwaving, standard breads with toaster... we always got a seat... sometimes had to wait but no big deal.... it would be nice if there were windows in the breakfast area... it appears that they might be working on this...I believe that there were 3 computers in the lobby area with free internet access and printing capabilities... It was nice having Pantene shampoo, conditioner and lotion. There is a nice hairdryer provided so don't bring one unless you are particular. Our view was of an office building but we didn't spend too much time in the room. If you plan to eat food in the room, this isn't the room for you... all we had was a king size bed and a chair with a desk... there was no other place to sit or an additional small table. There was enough room for our clothes for 4 days. The area is not the best.. while you are a few blocks from Times Square and the subway, you must walk by stores advertising peep show booths (even for buddies!!) and erotic merchandise/dvds etc.... there were always a few guys loitering about and police presence..the Port Authority is across the street..... if you walk 2 blocks to 7th street, the are changes dramatically. I would stay here again if the price is right; otherwise I preferred the Residence Inn on 6th Ave. Note that there are also 2 Courtyards on 42nd - one near 6th; the other near 5th.... the taxi driver did not believe us when we said that there was a hotel here.. it's THAT new. If you're going to Yankee stadium like we did, you can walk to Bryant Park station (at 6th and 42nd) and take the D train.... remember, NYC is a walking city.... what a place!! Can't wait to return!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Clean and Brand New	I booked a top floor King Suite at $369 for a night. They call it a &quot;penthouse suite,&quot; but it's really just a somewhat larger room with a sitting area. The hotel is newly built so the room was very clean and polished. There was a desk, a mini fridge, two very nice plasma TVs, and a large bathroom. The hotel is located on a pretty quiet side street where there was still a lot of construction, but it didn't seem like an unsafe area to me at all. The top floor has wonderful views, but I thought the windows were rather small. The lobby was also very small and the hallways were narrow. However, there was a large breakfast room that was uniquely decorated. The hotel is about a mile from Grand Central. It's close enough to walk, but if you have luggage or something taking a cab might be better. Overall, a very comfortable stay.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel not a great location	Stayed 2 nights. Rooms are TINY! Had a room with 2 dble beds and could barely walk around with 4 people and luggage in the room. Good free breakfast saves money, especially with kids. Streets around hotel are a little dicey and there is a lot of construction around the hotel, making it pretty noisy. Very nice staff, helpful and offer good advice about getting around.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great price for a good location	Had to find a hotel at the last minute for an overnight stay in NYC. After checking on line for a number of days &amp; seeing either crazy prices or out of the way locations, this property showed up &amp; at a great price for midtown NYC. I was nor disappointed as the rooms were clean, good size &amp; fast check-in. On the down side, street wasn't the best &amp; seemed like it took forever for the elevators to show up &amp; when they did packed already with guests. But overall I'd stay there again as location &amp; price well made up for any minor short comings.	
Aug 31 2009 	Rooms and staff are great hope the street changes its crowd	This is a big room for NYC standards, specially where they have the king beds. I know the rest of the USA has huge rooms, but this is as big as the (newer) budget hotels are going to get. It was comfortable, nice flatscreen, and bathroom was also bigger than expected. Yes the street is creepy, but just keep a brisk walk and you'll be fine. This complex is actually brand spanking new, and a similar hotel is about to open its doors next door in a couple of months time. Then there will be three hotel towers on the street. So when the scaffolding will be gone, and there will be a lot more foottraffic moving along, that should take away more of the creeps. Although I saw a lot of cops on the streets, so until then you'll be fine too.Do yourself a favor and turn north on Ninth Ave, there are great restaurants a couple of short blocks up, and restaurant row isn't that good compared what they have going on upwards of 43rd and 9th! For the gay travelers, this is also a gayfriendly neighborhood. Jammed between 8th and 9th av (and 43rd and 57th street), try Therapy, nice place for drinks. And non-gays, it is not going to scare you away, its just guys and girls having fun, but not in a leather/non clothing, don't want to confront your kids and grandma kind of way, so at least enjoy the cuisine! I did see a lot of family's trying to get into the restaurants, but as they have a lot of 2 person tables, you might want to reserve so you don't miss your show. Ask for a high floor, and you'll have great view of the cityscape, nothing facy though, just tall buildings! Elevators are quite quick, as there are three. I've been in 30 floor 10 room a floor, buildings with 2 slower ones than these, so this is again as good as it gets. Just plan for the breakfast rush, then it might take 5 mins max. Staff are either trained well, or non-New Yorkers, they laugh, and look you in the eye while checking in!So all in all, this is a great hotel, in a great location, 2 short blocks to 42nd, and a long block to times sq (7th), subway (huge 42nd street subway interconnect station) at the end of the street, across from port authority busterminal (take the bus from Newark airport, and it will drop you of at 42nd and 8th, 2 short blocks from the hotel, and pick up is at 41st, so only one short block!).	
Aug 31 2009 	3 star hotel at 1 star price	I got a great senior rate for a comfortable king bed room with a nice view. The complimentary breakfast had great selections. The Hotel is new. The staff is helpful and courteous. The location, across from Port Authority and walking distance to Times Square, is perfect. The area around the hotel is a bit rundown, but did not appear dangerous.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fairfield Inn was nice clean friendly and economical.	We recently stayed here with friends while visiting New York City for the weekend. We needed to stay somewhere economical and this was the best value for our money. The rooms were small (hey its NY) but they were recently renovated and updated. The only things to mention would be that you have to wait sometimes for the elevators because they are not split between floors and the atmosphere outside the hotel. There are still renovations going on so scaffolds are up and its not the best scene at night. Other than that you are seconds away from Times Square.	
Aug 23 2009 	Rooms were small but otherwise a great place	As others have indicated- the street on which the hotel is located looks a little sketchy. But the inside is very new and nice. Rooms well appointed and nicely decorated. They are small- we had our 2 children - who are 20 and 21 and my son is 6&quot;6&quot; tall. We were cramped to say the least. The hotel staff was amazing. So friendly. The conceirge was fantastic. He was extremely nice and helpful. The manger bakes cookies every day and puts them out in the afternoon. Breakfast is free and there is a good selection and they keep restocking it. Location is very good- right next to subway and port authority. Also if you are driving in- which we did- you can get off the Holland Tunnel and be at the hotel. No scary driving through midtown. All in all very good value for the money! Highly recommend.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect!	I stayed here for four nights and was highly pleased!I looked for a low cost hotel in Manhattan for a trip that I was attempting to do at as low cost as possible. I found an AAA rate of $119 per night for this property on the hotel website.The location was wonderful even though it looks out on the gigantic and ugly Port Authority Building and when turning left from the front door one encounters some less than lovely areas. However, if you make a right you are just a short block away from the hub-bub of Times Square. You do have to walk by an adult bookstore but as a solo female traveler I was not at all intimidated or bothered by anyone on the street and I was in and out at all hours with no problems.Go up a few blocks and turn left and you are in the Hell's Kitchen area where every type of dining experience awaits. I would not go into this area by turning left from the hotel only because you must walk under an underpass area by the Port Authority and a large crowd of men hang out in this area. I felt uncomfortable the one time I did try this route so I just walked right and up a block and then to the left from then on.Go into the Port Authority building and downstairs to the Subway -- so convenient!!The hotel room itself was small as NYC hotels are prone to be, but the space was well-designed. I would have liked another shelf in the bathroom--the very deep sink has no lip or shelf around it to speak of so storing my toiletries was a bit of a pain. There was no tub but the glass-doored shower had great water pressure and the door made the space seem larger than it was.The bed was comfortable. The view from the window was not wonderful but I could see the lights of the New Yorker building in the evening as well as the spire of the Empire State Building so it was not the worst view I have ever had out of a New York hotel. I could see blue sky and tried not to see into the windows of the nearby apartment building, but all in all I was happy.The folks at the hotel were great. One staffer would push the elevator button when she saw me coming in and often ask how my day had gone. the concierge found a great seat for me at Hair when I grew weary of standing in the half price line for tickets one day. Several times I asked them to make change for me which they did readily at the front desk and they were always cheerful. One day I needed utensils for take-out I had picked up and a staff person went in the back and came back with plastic forks, spoons, and knives. I was just so pleased by the caring attitude of the people at the hotel. They delivered a fridge to my room so i was able to buy take-out and food from markets and eat in when I chose.I did have a problem with other guests who allowed their children to spend great lengths of time on the lobby computers. These kids would be playing games when I needed to print my boarding passes and I think a sign that says please limit your usage of computers in consideration of other guests or something would help. There were two machines and one night a teenager was instant messaging her friends for more than an hour and I finally asked her if I could please have the computer just to check the schedule of one event and then i would return it to her. She grudgingly agreed. On the night I needed to print the pass i did not think the parents of the kids would ever allow me a turn, but they finally did leave with their kids in tow.I would definitely stay here again. The location is great. it is on a quiet street and there is little noise on the backside of the hotel. The rooms have nice flat panel TVs with premium channels, comfortable beds, and are very clean. There is a small wardrobe in the room--no closets and the dresser area has drawers to store clothes--there is free internet in the rooms and good lighting. The only thing I missed was the lack of room service but there was one menu of a nearby place that delivers and a list of places nearby that offered delivery so in a pinch that would do.Do try the ethnic places in hell's kitchen. I plan to write reviews of many of them when I get time as I had some great dining experiences at very low cost. The entire trip was just under a thousand dollars and it included multiple plays, transportation, great food and lodging for five days so I met my goal of biting off the Big Apple without breaking the bank!	
Aug 8 2009 	Good hotel	Overall I was pleasantly surprised from the hotel and it did not differ much from his more upscale sibling - the courtyard. Location is good, just near port authority which nowadays luckily is safe and secure 24\7. I wouldnt though call it a Times Square locations, since it's 4-5 blocks away. Rooms are not big but adequate and very well equiped and maintained, though windows are a bit too small, at least in our room. The shower was great! complimentary breakfast is also very nice and handy for starting off the hotel (40th) - hopefully it's not a permanant problem. the day. During our last night there was non stop noise from road work on the street in front of Another advantage of the hotel is the relative cheap parking it offers on a parking lot just next door - 25$ and for those arriving with a car to NYC it's a great bargain.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great value for the money	At $169/night, this was a steal. On a grotty street, but just blocks away from theaters, restaurants, etc. Rooms are modern and adequate, though bathrooms could be better-designed. Excellent service. Amazingly good free continental breakfast, though they could lay on more seating &amp; tables.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Value and Location	I stayed at this hotel because I have a sister who works for Marriotts which gave be an awesome rate! I knew what to expect from a limited service hotel before I got there but was pleasantly surprised. The rooms looked very nice. This hotel is brand new like it just opened so everything was nice. The breakfast was a little better than I expected. This is the place to go if you are traveling on a budget but want something decent especially if you are sightseeing and you only need rooms to sleep in.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great NYC Price	I paid only $170.00 for this great location hotel. The lobby is very small. The breakfast is standard budget hotel fare. The room is great. The bathroom and shower are very good. The bedding in Marriott hotels is always very comfortable. I would stay here again. .	
Jul 16 2009 	A great deal in the heart of NYC.	This is a brand new hotel, centrally located, that offers great value. The rooms are decent sized for Manhattan with full baths. They are pleasantly appointed with attractive furniture, flat screen TVs and and coffee makers. Throw in free breakfast and and free internet, and you have a gem of a deal for $170. You can pay far more and get much less in Manhattan. The only negative is that the street is a little gritty, but that's New York, and you're quickly beyond it. This is a great place to further explore NYC or to go to shows on Broadway.	
Jul 6 2009 	Outstanding value for mid-town Manhattan	My wife travels a bit for business and swears by the Marriott chain. This Fairfield Inn did not disappoint us.It is modern, clean and very convenient to all the attractions of mid-town Manhattan. (Its location opposite the imposing wall of the Port Authority was not the most scenic stretch of street, but it was clean and felt safe. One block west of 8th Avenue.)Our king room was snug, but plenty big enough for two people and five suitcases (long trip). Very nice furnishings, nice bathroom with a blaster showerhead, a safe in the tall wardrobe, plenty of drawers, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, flat-screen TV, free wireless and wired Internet, etc.Our rate was $179, including breakfast, which is higher than Fairfields in general but very good for NYC. Standard cold breakfast items, with microwavable Jimmy Dean ham-and-egg muffins (I loved them!).Parking garage was adjacent -- posted rate was $25 for 24 hours, but the attendant said there is a discount if you get your ticket stamped by the hotel staff. I will find out what it is when I check out.While it pains me to spend more than $100 a night for any hotel -- if it was a little less expensive, I would have given it five starts -- I feel that this property is an outstanding value in New York City.	
Jul 3 2009 	This new hotel is attractive and clean but the air conditioner drove me crazy.	Well located a few blocks south of the Times Square hullabaloo, this reasonably priced hotel has lots to offer, as noted by other reviewers. Beds and pillows are extremely comfortable, the room and bathroom are small but adequate and clean, and the staff is quite friendly and accommodating. However, there are a few drawbacks. The adequate breakfast could be greatly enhanced by the addition of fruit other than apples and bananas. Towels are so thin they barely dry. Worst of all is the room (not central) air conditioner, which cycles on and off with great noise, awakening me several times each night and requiring frequent volume adjustment of the TV volume. When the cooler cycles off, the fan goes off as well, causing an uncomfortable stillness. I inquired but received no response.	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice Conveniently Located Hotel	Stayed there June 20 - 23. Most of the reviews I read before I booked this hotel are accurate - Nice hotel situated on a not so nice street. However, we were never bothered by anyone, and 1/2 block in either direction and you're on 8th avenue in times square, or restaurant row on 9th avenue. Very close to the theaters, on and off Broadway. There were always police present on the corners, and I never saw any disturbances take place. The room was nice and very clean. Smaller than you would have in probably any other location in the world, but not too small for comfort. The staff was nice and welcoming. Appreciated the complimentary continental breakfast every morning. It was an enjoyable stay. If you want to get the nicest hotel room for the least amount of money - then this is the place.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great hotel Great NYC Price	For it being on the lower tier of Marriott's, my husband and I thought it was a wonderful hotel. The decor was mode with warm burgundy and beige colors, the beds were amazing and the view was better than we expected. We loved the cool looking bathroom with glass shower doors. The only thing that could be improved on is the size of the restaurant which offers a free continental breakfast. We were able to sit down after waiting a few minutes for a seat. But, it was a bit of a mad house. They do have breakfast sandwiches you can make yourself a a protein option. The staff was professional... not overly friendly. Overall, we loved it and will make that our choice hotel when going to NYC.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great hotel if you want to be close to times square	Clean and nice hotel. 1 block from subway to take you anywhere. Breakfast was fine. Jimmy Dean biscuits, cereal, bagels, yogurt, fruit. Elevators were fast. No need to worry about your safety. There are so many people around you will have no problems. The neighborhood is a little seedy for about 1 block. Not enough to make you feel unsafe, just a bit shady. I would have no problem letting a 16 year old walk on this street alone.	
Jun 12 2009 	Convenient and (Relatively) Cheap	The same hotel experience in, say, Des Moines or Durham might not rate the same enthusiastic review. But, hotels are always a problem for us in NY. They're generally too expensive and too small for families. This one has neither of those problems. Although the lobby and corridors are tight, the rooms were comfortably spacious, clean and surprisingly quiet. The free breakfast, while not particularly memorable, was adequate and fine for kids -- fruit, bagels, cereals, microwavable egg mcsomethings, etc. The front desk staff was extremely courteous and helpful. We arrived at 10 a.m., and when we inquired about stowing our luggage, we instead were allowed to check in with no additional charge. It's also very convenient for fools like me who insist on driving into Manhattan -- it's two turns and four blocks from the Lincoln Tunnel. The parking garage was quite affordable by NYC standards ($24 for 25 hours, with validation from the hotel) -- and the attendants were quite helpful when we realized we accidentally left a camera on the roof of our car. Also, plenty of good and cheap eats within walking distance, and an easy walk to the theater district. We'll be back!	
Jun 10 2009 	Immaculate Rooms !!!	The hotel was immaculate, the room was immaculate. I was so impressed!!I had heard, and seen a news report about the bed bug infestation in New York Cityhotels, so I must admit, I was nervous about booking a hotel there. The hotel is onlya few months old, so that put my mind at ease before we arrived there. The room was small, however, cleanliness is number one on my list. The decorwas very classy . The bathroom was the prettiest of any hotel room I have stayedin (other than the New York, New York in Las Vegas). The shower had a a taupe,tanmarble look to it, and was surrounded by see thru glass. The furniture, the carpets,everything was in perfect condition!! Loved it!!!	
Jun 6 2009 	Very good value and location	We went for a long weekend in Manhattan. Got a very nice rate. Great location a block away from the subway entrance, and a short walk from Times Square, etc. The free Internet and breakfast made it a great value. The property is almost brand new, and the room was pretty big by Manhattan standards in this price range. Would definitely stay again at the right rate.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent Value	You cannot beat the price of this Marriott property within walking distance to Times Square. The rooms are what you would expect in NYC - somewhat smaller, but perfectly appropriate. The hotel is still fairly new, so the furniture is in good shape. The internet service is excellent. I was a little creeped out that the NY Parole office was a few steps from the hotel, but no one bothered us when we walked by. The street itself is full of adult type venues, so if you are traveling with kids that may bother you. As in all places in NYC, construction starts around 8am and can get quite noisy. Still, a great price in mid town Manhattan.	
May 22 2009 	Good value in NYC	We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the Fairfield Inn. Arriving mid morning we were expecting to have to put our bags in storage but all three of our rooms were ready. While the rooms were not huge they were typical for NYC and VERY comfortable and well appointed. The beds were comfortable and the rooms looked like they had recently been re decorated. Very clean with lots of towels, etc. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel was not right in Times Square but it was only a few blocks walk and we actually liked the location. A bit out of the way of all the bright lights and noise. Close to subway.	
May 18 2009 	Good value!	If you're a Marriott member, you probably won't find a better value in a better location than this Brand New hotel. Opened in February, it has smallish rooms, but first rate in all other respects. King rooms can squeeze in 3 persons, with a convertable twin bed couch/lounge chair. Air conditioning works well, nice digital TV; excellent service.The breakfast room is small, considering how many rooms are in the hotel. So don't be surprised if you have to wait 5 minutes for a table to open up. Breakfast is included, but they need to add another toaster. The line up to toast bread is, during &quot;prime time&quot; about 5 - 6 persons waiting. Otherwise the continental breakfast is pretty basic and straightforward.The Fitness Center has brand new equipment with TV attached. Good high speed Internet in room, free.The only other comment I'll make is that this is a neighborhood in the midst of change. The hotel is directly across the street from the bus station. It's safe but &quot;sketchy&quot;. Just keep walking. I encountered no problems. I'd stay here again, if they keep the prices low.	
May 12 2009 	Good value for money	This is a fairly new hotel with its advantages (furniture is new so in perfect condition) and its disadvantages (some construction still going on, staff not always fully equipped). This is a good hotel if you need to be in this neighbourhood. The free breakfast (although very, very basic) and free Internet access (wired in the room, wireless in the lobby), makes it a good place to stay for a couple of nights.Staff is willing to help and friendly. No complaints on this hotel. It is not big, the street it is located in may not be the best in town, but then again, the price is reasonable.	
May 11 2009 	Good hotel!	The rooms were clean and confortable. Not big but space was ok. for four.persons (two adults two teens)The street is not so bad and it had allways Taxis around. We could reach Times Square in about 12 minutes. Breakfast had a good choice but was a bit crowded around the tables.We would stay there again!	
May 6 2009 	Very good value for the money	Just stayed there for 5 nights on a business trip. For sure its not a Marriott or Renaissance Hotel, but it has much more to offer than an average Fairfield Inn. Currently its a little bit hidden by some construction next door, but that does not cause to much extra noise (I did not even heard it from my room). The rooms are small, but there is still enough space to walk around in your room. The furniture and the decore are much better than in other Fairfield Inns (and some Marriott/Renaissance!). The room that end with 1-4 are facing the street and if you get a room above floor 10 you will overlook the building in front of you (this is the Bus Terminal). I stayed on floor 28 and had a nice view to some Times Square buildings and the hudson river. If you stay on the other side (rooms 5-8) the buildings are a little bit closer, but its not that you have a wall in front of your window (like I had in other more exepensive hotels already). You can even see the Empire State Building on the left side. The do have 3 elevators that stop on every floor. So I never had to wait more than 1 minute.Breakfst is served till 10.30 and 11 am on weekends. Its the regular Fairfield Inn breakfast but they never did run out on anything during my stay. On every day I had no problems to get a table in the breakfast area, even it can be a little bit crowded there. In the lobby area they do have 3 pc with a printer without a fee (perfect if you forgot your laptop or need to print a boarding pass).The gym is also a little bit bigger from what I know from other Fairfield Inns e.g. in Florida (free weights +stepper+bike+crosstrainer+TV on every machine).I saw that some others did complaint about the location. Well, it is only 3-5 minutes away from Times Square, maybe 3 minutes from the next subway and Alamo/National is also not more than 3 minutes away. I walked to 5th Avenue every day (38th St.) and it took me only 15 minutes. There are some adult stores in the area, but they are everywhere in New York. And there is some police always present at the next corner in front of the Chase Manhatten Bank - so I never felt unsecure.Overall and considering the rate that I got (between USD 139 and 169) I would defenitely return to this hotel.	
May 3 2009 	Not ready yet	Hotel is still under construction. Rooms are small, but comfortable and quite. All you need is there (TV, internet, etc..). There is almost no storage room so dont bring a lot of cloths... We stayed 6 nights. The breakfast was substandard and the breakfast room was closed during our stay because of the ongoing contstruction. The hotel staff was helpfull, but e.g did not know how to get from the hotel to Newyark airport, even so ths bus termial is just across the street.The location is great with the subway in front of the hotel, but street is a little bit dogy... We enjoyed ourr stay and would come back.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great location great value.	We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Fairfield and overall had a great experience. The greatest thing I would have to say about it is the location. Having never been to New York before, I really enjoyed Times Square. We were able to send the kids off during the day and let them roam the shops like the Toys r Us, M&amp;M's Store, Quicksilver etc. The area is very safe and there is a lot to do within a few blocks.We booked through NewYorkGuest.com and got a good deal on Broadway tickets bundled into our stay. We saw 9 to 5, which also is excellent, and the hotel was close enough that we could just walk to the show. Lots of good dining in this area as well, with a lot more of the local establishments on 9th ave. Overall we found the hotel to be very clean and comfortable. The staff was very accommodating, and the free breakfast was great as well. Saving that one meal really makes the difference in New York, because most food places are fairly expensive. You really get a lot for your money here, and we will probably stay here again when we come back to NY.	
Apr 19 2009 	Very good hotel; not greatest street	The only thing wrong with this hotel was the street it is on. Was dirty but a little dodgy too (with adult shops, liquor shops) on the 8th Avenue end. The construction going on down the street was also a put off.My only other gripe would be the breakfast which was included in the room rate - not a hot breakfast. Bagels, muffins, coffee and served on paper plates and plastic cutlery - not classy by any means.But it served its purpose for us - nice sized rooms in very good location - minutes walk away from Times Square, Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building, Macys, Broadway shows, Pier 83 (for Circle Line Cruise) - 5th Ave, Central Park a $5 cab away. Cab rank right around corner in front of Port Authority - very handy.Also had mini-gym downstairs (2 treadmills, 1 bike, 2 cross trainers, dumb bells, swiss balls) which is great for those wanting to burn all those fast food, 24 diner calories!The rate was also very competitive with others we had checked.	
Apr 19 2009 	Hotel met our needs!	We justed wanted a clean, inexpensive, comfortable place to stay and we got it. The conceirge was very helpful, even provided us with umbrellas.	
Apr 18 2009	Great hotel.	My mom and I were in New York to see shows and sightsee. Once you get past the street its on, which is not that bad, this hotel is great! As we checked in, which was a breeze, we headed up to our room to see that there are about 8 rooms to a floor. We kinda got a little nervous. But it wasn't all that bad. I didn't hear much noise. Room was comfortable and clean. Yes the rooms are small...but hey its New York! I liked the free internet. I got to talk to all my friends back home and check my email. The service was nice. Breakfast was ok, could have been better. Elevator was very fast. and about a 3 to 4 min walk to Times Square. Overall i thought this hotel was great. Will stay again!	
Apr 17 2009 	great value	This is a brand new hotel near Time Square conveniently located. Subway station is 2 minutes away and the Theater District is within walking distance. The street it is on looks worrisome but was safe to walk around even at night. It is a great value for the closeness to Time Square but if you want to stay in more &quot;in&quot; street, then you'd need to pay more. We'd go back again. Free breakfast was quite convenient to start the day.	
Apr 9 2009 	Clean and Quiet Rooms	I would love it if it was on a cleaner street. I think it's great. The service is what you would expect from Marriott and the amenities are nice. …Comfy, affordable, quiet, and clean. That's all I needed, I was out shopping and watching shows most of the time.	
Apr 9 2009 	Not a place I'll come back to.	The hotel is new, the rooms are ok for me, smaller than the rooms at the Residence Inn on 6th Ave. The closet was too much but it does have a big HDTV in the room. Hotel is down a side street, which is a dirty street and next door to the New York State Parole board, and a row of adult video stores. If you are willing to see past that, it is near to Time Square and 9th Ave, where the reasonable restaurants are, and the subway. The staff was the worse of all the Marriott properties I have stayed at, pretty indifferent, clinical and not very helpful. There was no self-service/coin operated launderette (the in-room information guide mentioned that there was). Not sure if it's a NY practice, but they provides only dry-cleaning service, no regular laundry service. And what pisses me off was that you had to take your laundry to the Front Desk, they will not pick it up from your room !Breakfast was nothing to shout about and the breakfast area was often full with no place to sit if you head down slightly later.Not a place I'll come back to.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Stay at The Fairfield Inn	My 18 year old daughter and I loved the Fairfield Inn! We were in New York City for shopping, museums and shows. The hotel was very comfortable, although the rooms were on the small side. The hotel had only been open for two weeks so everything was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was very good with a large variety of items and coffee was available all day. The location was very close to the subway stop right across the street on the corner of 40th and 8th avenue. I would love to stay there on my next trip.	
Mar 23 2009 	Not quite ready for Prime Time	This property is very new. The rooms are very small and the hotel is situated on an unappealing, noisy, dirty street alongside of the New York Port Authority and next door to the New York State Parole board. We did not feel threatened at any time but we did not want to be on that part of 40th St. for long. The hotel is clean, attractively appointed, comfortable but very much crammed into a small space which is expected in New York City. The staff was pleasant and helpful, in keeping with expectations of a Marriott property. The room was not made up by 4:30 in the afternoon when we were ready to rest for awhile after a busy day. Half a block away is 9th street that has many excellent and not very expensive (by NYC standards) restaurants.	
