Nov 14 2009 	Great location and excellent value	Booked this hotel back in the summer before it opened for a friends weekend in New York. Perfect location for plays, shopping, restaurants. Excellent breakfast. Rooms very clean and people at the desk were very friendly. Fantastic price for this location is New York City!	
Oct 31 2009 	Mad for Midtown	Overall, a very good place to stay in pricey, crowded, tourist-packed Midtown. Not an elegant hotel, but practical and relatively economical given NYC prices. The location is just a block away from the Majestic Theater, where &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; plays, and near many, many restaurants, bars, Starbucks, coffee shops and so on. But the block the hotel is on is a little quieter, or at least seemed that way on a weekend, with a parking garage across the street and a parking lot and residential buildings to the rear. We had a small but completely useful room on the sixth floor, with a view of skyscrapers and a window that actually opened. The queen bed more or less took up all the space, but I expect that in a NYC hotel. There was a desk with a light, and a small fridge, and a closet with an ironing board and hangers. The bathroom was incredibly clean - I think I am safe in saying I have never seen a hotel bathroom so clean and it is easy to tell because it is all white. If a clean hotel bathroom is important to you, then you have found your nirvana. I was surprised there wasn't any printed information about the hotel in the room, and no directions or guide for the television. There was not a lot of hot water when I showered, but it may be because it was a little late in the morning by the time we got going. For breakfast, there were croissants, muffins and pastries, scrambled eggs, bacon, bagels, cereal, coffee, juice and a waffle maker. We were satisfied. A very attentive staff member was stationed in the breakfast area and kept things stocked and the tables clean. The clerk at the front desk was pleasant and helpful though a little flustered when too many things happened at once. The hotel is a bit of a hike from Penn Station, about a 15-minute walk down crowded sidewalks, so if you are coming from there with a lot of suitcases you might want to hail a cab. The Port Authority subway entrance is just down the block and attractions like Madame Tussaud's and the theater district are very close. I would happily return, though the rate I paid was not the deep discount that others reported. I also would not be too excited about the basement rooms and would think they should charge less for those. Oh, and just one elevator, so you have to be a little patient, again usual for a NYC hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent deal!	Like others, we booked this hotel before it opened. We got an excellent deal. We took a Martz bus in from Wilkes-Barre, Pa. The Port Authority was a short three blocks away from the hotel. It wasn't a problem walking there with lugguge. We got a early check-in at 1pm. We all found the staff to be very nice and helpful. The rooms were bigger then expected. Alot bigger then London or Boston hotels! It was all clean and new which was so nice. The breakfast was great to have in the morning to get us ready for the day. The breakfast area is small but we took it to our room. No problem! The hotel is so close to Times Square and all the attractions. Also, there are alot of resturants to eat. It was a perfect stay! I would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Convenience and Value	Selected this hotel based on good reviews, price just under $200 and closeness to the theater district. In addition, Times Square is a fun area, close to restaurants and shopping and convenient to the subway. Although restaurant row is 8th Ave., my son and I found that 9th Ave. has tons of less expensive and just as good dining. The cab trip to the hotel from Laguardia Airport was $27 plus $4 toll plus tip.  The hotel itself was very comfortable and the staff very helpful. I was able to use the computer and printer in the business room most times when I wanted or had a short wait. Although it is a large hotel, the elevator was not slow or full. Check in and out was quick. The breakfast room staff was very good and kept the orange juice and coffee etc. flowing. A big plus is that the coffee in the breakfast room is available fresh all day! No need to use the in-room pot. The room also has it's own ironing board and iron and a hair dryer that works. The plus of the rooms is that they provide four comfy pillows per bed and the mattresses are good-not extra firm or too soft. We asked for a two bed room, which I later learned are all in a row on each floor and do not have a view of the street. The window is high anyway so it wasn't important and the location was very quiet. We were on the 6th floor and heard no traffic or neighbors. The only negatives we found was that the door to the bathroom was mostly glass and you could see through it! Amazing, huh?! We had brought a garment bag for wedding clothes and there was a hook over the door on the bathroom side that we could hang it and cover the glass. Otherwise no privacy in the bathroom-beware! Also, like most places, they could use an upgrade in toilet paper and tissue. I did like the design with the sink and mirror in the bathroom and not in the sleeping area. I would definately stay here again to be able to walk to the theater and dinner. The savings over comparable hotels is probably $50 a day. Great find!	
Oct 28 2009 	Not Bad if the Price is Right	I booked the Comfort Inn on 44th St. a few months ago, before they were even open, at a great rate of $129 per night. I think if I would have paid much more than that, I would not have been happy with this hotel. I arrived for a 4-night stay with a friend at about 12:30, and was given a double bed room on the second floor right away. Even the woman at the front desk made a comment about the good rate I got, and I know that it is much more expensive now that it is open and doing well.First off, the room was TINY. The 2 beds took up most of the room, but there was also a small desk and 2 chairs, a mini-fridge (which didn't work) and a cabinet with a couple drawers that also contained an iron and very small ironing board. The bathroom was also small, with one sink and not much space to put anything. I noticed that the metal sink supports were already starting to rust. Given that this hotel has only been open a couple months, it doesn't bode well for the future! The walls were very thin, and we actually had to call the front desk one night at 12:30 a.m. because we could hear a child in the next room very clearly. They did take care of the situation, and it was quiet shortly after.On a positive note, the beds were very comfortable, and housekeeping did a nice job; perhaps a little too nice, as the odor of Pine-Sol was overwhelming at times. We didn't have a lot of interaction with the front desk staff, but those we did deal with were friendly and helpful. We didn't experience the difficulty getting a table in the breakfast room that other reviews mentioned, and we were happy with the selection. It was described as a continental breakfast, but there was always either hard-boiled eggs or scrambled eggs and bacon, as well as cereals, fruit, yogurt, breads, bagels, croissants, danish and make-your-own waffles. We appreciated the savings in both money and time by having this available.The location was just OK. It was very close to 9th Ave. and many restaurants, but the walk to most subway lines (except for the A, C. and E, which was at the end of the street) was through the Times Square area and huge crowds of people. It was very close to the theaters, though, which was a plus if you plan to see a show.I would recommend this Comfort Inn only if you get a rate of $150-$175 or so. Anything higher than that is not worth it, in my opinion.	
Oct 23 2009 	Do you feel lucky?	This hotel has had some good reviews, but I have to go with my true feelings. I got a very cheap AAA rate, but my only description would be &quot;are you feeling lucky?&quot;. If you are, stay there. If you want to be sure of what you are getting yourself in for, don't stay here.New hotel. 7 floors plus the basement. 5 of the rooms are below ground level (not real good views I don't think), 5 rooms open straight off the lobby (they don't look too bad, but I wouldnt want the people in the lobby looking straight at my bed everytime I open my door). On each floor there are 7 good sized rooms, 2 smaller rooms, and one closet (I got one of those). So by my maths, there are about 42 good rooms, 12 okay rooms, 10 poorly located rooms, and 6 closets which are charged at the same rate as the rooms. Housekeeping - a bit hit and miss. Sometimes cleaner than others.The elevator broke down once during my stay, and I had heard of it happening before. Just a concern that with only one elevator if anything goes awry, it can be a long walk. Coffee and breakfast are available in the front room (you can sit here and watch people go straight in and out of their rooms for entertainment). Breakfast basic, but fine for the price. Coffee is available (but only when staff want to fill the pot), Several times when I went to avail of the coffee, the pot was empty - when I asked staff about it they said it would be done immediately - immediately can be two or more hours - don't expect it quickly.Room size - well some are very good, but if you stay here just hope you don't get one of the small ones. There is about 4 inches between the corner of the bed and the fridge, so if you want to get to the small desk, the small closet, or the window (doesnt apply to the rooms in the basement) you have to step over the bed or fridge. Yes - that small.Unfortunately by way of averages, if the people who got the tiny rooms reflect that in their reviews, they will be overwhelmed by those who got a decent room. So - 'Are you feeling lucky?&quot;	
Oct 12 2009	Great Staff Excellent Location and Accommodations	We stayed at this Comfort Inn the last of September before we left on a cruise. There were ten in our group, and we had five rooms. The staff was very accommodating during our stay, answering many questions and offering suggestions. The location was fantastic, close to Times Square, subways, theaters, and all the restaurants you could want. We were surprised at how inexpensive most them were.Rooms were new, clean, and well equipped. The continental breakfast was a bonus. It gave us a chance to get an early start walking to all the nearby attractions.All of us enjoyed our stay, and will most definitely stay here again if we get a chance to come back to NYC. We booked several months before they opened, so we also got a fantastic deal. This was a great experience!	
Oct 8 2009 	Hidden gem of a hotel near Times Square	Brand new Comfort Inn located 1 1/2 blocks from center of Times Square. Very nice facility, room and bath were larger than I expected for NYC. Large flat screen tv mounted on wall. Excellent continental breakfast each morning - coffee available 24/7. Only 70 rooms-10 per floor so noise was not an issue. Restuarant Row is only 2 blocks away. We stayed two nights and highly recommend facility. Excellent value as we had the mature traveler rate &amp; booked pre-opening.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice new property good rates clean great location.	I stayed at this hotel a few times sice it opened last month. THe first time I stayed was just a few days after it opened. The rooms were fairly spacious for nyc. I had a room on the 2d floor facing 44th st. I had a very comfortable bed, and you could tell the place was brand new, &quot;had the new car smell&quot; to it. The bathroom was very spacious with a great showerhead that gave about 10 different settings with a tub, not standing shower.There was a nice flatscreen tv, and the standard furnishings. Plenty of electrical sockets, on lamps too for extra plugs. The staff was very friendly, and I was able to get an early checkinj which went smoothly. I had a small issue as the first time I stayed the tv's were not working, only one channel (home shopping) was working in the entire hotel. For me this was an issue as I have a part time job blogging about certain programs, and it was essential for me to have access to the program, so I had to go out to watch it elsewhere. When mentioned to the manager, he was very compassionate, and courteous and gave me a discount for the night which was nice. I am a diamond choice member, and I tend to stay at alot of comfort inns, and was happy to see that this was taken care of with some compensation, even if it seems like a small problem, its nice to have a working tv for when you are in the room(even if its nyc and one should be out and about,lol).The hotel features hispeed wireless in the rooms and lobby, which is a big plus for me. They also have a computer and printer for all gguests to use in the lobby which is nice. This is great because most nyc hotels charge from (in my experience)7.99-19.99 a day for internet access(without printing), so thats definitely important for me.As far as breakfast goes, for a free continental breakfast it is pretty good. They have a waffle maker,yogurts, cereals, bagels, muffins, rolls, hard boiled eggs, scrambled eggs and bacon, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, coffee, tea, and apple juice or sunny delight. So you can defintely save at least 10 bucks or more on breakfast in a diner if your up and eat breakfast here. Cause a waffle, coffee and side of bacon in nyc is at least 10 bucks!I would definitely say that its a great location and hope they are able to maintain the quality of the rooms, and the staff. As my first review I hope it was helpfull.	
Oct 6 2009 	Happy that I found this one!	I booked this hotel because all the hotels in the center of Manhattan were way too expensive. This one wasn't cheap for what I expected, but in the end I realised it was a bargain compared with the rest. Then I realised it wasn't yet opened and that's why it was on offer. Past the fear of it not being open on time, I was real happy to be one of the 1st ones in staying in it, because the rooms looked so new! They weren't too big, but still more than enough for me (I was on my own two days) and my friend (on the last night). The double bed was a bit small for the US standards, but still enough. Great having a fridge (didn't expect it) and the coffee maker (that was used daily for me). Also the room had AC, iron, iron board and a flat screen TV.The staff was very friendly with me and helped me with every question I had. If you need to park, ask for a discount for the parking opposite the hotel (from $52, usual price, to $30).Great the free PC with internet service at the hall, that was available most of the times I needed it. Also had internet service for laptops in every room.Only problem was that the breakfast area was too small so it tended to be very crowded. Would be nice having some more tables, I had to eat part of my breakfast standing in a corner one day. Good stuff for starting the morning: fruit, youghurt, toasts, bagels, cream cheese, waffles, pastries... more than enough to keep you going. The breakfast area also had a microwave that you could use for what you needed.Extremelly happy with the location: just 5 minutes away from Times Square and subway station on the corner on the same block. Just bring earplugs because the area is quite noisy! Also plenty of restaurants in 9th avenue. Very glad I booked this hotel, I'd be back!	
Sep 30 2009 	The Best Value for My Money Ever!!!	We were two couples and expecting at least a room that would fit our four large bags. We got this and much more!!! First, the place is brand new (opened two weeks before our arrival!). The bathroom was big enough to everyone unpack our toiletteries. The room service was very good too. And the breakfast, excellent for a complementary thing in a two double bed room for just US$ 175 / per night, tax included. The best thing was the extremely comfy beds - a God gift to someone who was walking 12 hours a day!The best thing is the location. The price would be excellent even the hotel was old and dirty, ´cause the location couldn’t be better. It is located between 8th and 9th av. At the 9th, just around the corner, there are plenty of restaurants - inexpensive ones. We took a cab at Meat Packing District and in less than 10 min. we were in front of the hotel for US$ 7.00.At the corner of 8th, there is a subway station (Penn Station) and by the end of the next block lays the center of Times Square! At that this corner is the Minskoff Theater, were &quot;The King Lion&quot; Broadway play is been performed.One can spend a couple of days just on the surroundings of the hotel (10 blocks away - Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, Bryant Park, Grand Central Station, the best of 5th av, the best of 34th st, etc).	
Sep 24 2009 	Basic no frills accomodations in the Theater District	I got a great AAA rate at this property of $117/night by booking a few months in advance before the hotel had even opened for business. Given that the UN General Assembly was in session at the time of my stay, this was an unheard of bargain for that week in NYC. However, even at that price and the fact that the hotel was less than a month old, I was less than thrilled with property and with my stay there.Rooms are of decent size for accomodations of this class/price in Manhattan, with the sleeping area probably 200-225 sq ft. I had a room with 2 double beds (other rooms have only 1 queen bed). The bathroom was very small (the door barely cleared the toilet) but the vanity was spacious compared to other comparable properties I've stayed at in Manhattan. Upon walking into my room, my partner immediately noticed trash left behind (an empty carton of cigarettes and a soft drink cup were sitting on top of the closet unit). Otherwise, the room was clean--but I found this oversight by the cleaning staff unacceptable.Beds were new and comfortable. I didn't like that the hotel uses bedspreads instead of the more popular double sheet/duvet covers in vogue these days at better properties. Bedspreads are not very sanitary (hotels rarely wash them), but since the hotel was less than a month old, I wasn't too grossed out (there weren't any visible stains). Sheets were a bit rough and scratchy. Pillows were ample (and feather-free). Towels were absorbent and soft and of decent quality for a hotel of this class.HVAC worked well in the room. I was on the 6th floor facing 44th St and had few issues with noise but I'm used to living in NYC. The fridge and microwave ovens originally advertised by the hotel apparently are not going to be included in the rooms, or at least weren't at this time. My room lacked a desk and instead had a small square table that substituted for one. It had two arm chairs when it would have been better equipped with one desk chair and one arm chair. Oh, well. TV worked well overall and had reasonable channel selections. Wireless internet was free and worked well when I used it. Coffee machine and ice bucket in room were a plus (ice free in basement). There is only one elevator for this 7 story building.Free breakfast was very basic and nothing to get excited over--cheap carbs to get you moving in the morning. Hours were rather limited as was the seating area. Breakfast consisted of coffee, juices, sugary cereals, some breads/bagels/pastries of mediocre quality and make your own waffles. The breakfast area was kept stocked the three mornings I was at the hotel.Considering the hotel was less than a month old, it didn't seem like it was new, although it was generally clean and modern in appointments. I question whether over time this property will hold up. Hallways and rooms didn't appear to be vacuumed daily, and some of the dirt/mess from construction was never cleaned up. Housekeeping was a bit rude and not the best in the industry. This appears to be a family run property.Would I stay here again? Well, likely not. I think there are better managed properties, and cleaner, more pleasing properties, at comparable pricepoints in Manhattan if you do your research. Perhaps I've been spoiled by some great deals at better properties in Manhattan during this recession. But now that the economy is turning around, the days of decent hotel rooms in NYC under $200/night might be coming to an end.	
Sep 17 2009 	Simple hotel in a great location	I booked our room a few months ago before knowing the hotel was not open. I luckily discovered the hotel opened a week before it was scheduled to, around August 25th. My sister and I stayed from Sept 8 to the 11 to go to the US Open in Queens. We checked in and asked for a room on the back side as we noticed construction on 44 st. We were given a room on the 4th floor. The room was small but it had two double beds, a flat screen TV, end table, and two chairs. The bathroom was a good size, much bigger then the bathroom I had at the Comfort Inn on the Upper West Side. As other reviewers note, they use bed spreads in this hotel and my sister told me they can get very very dirty as they are never cleaned. We removed them and stored them in the corner. The elevator was out once as it was being worked on but the stairs to the 4th floor was easy enough, with out luggage. Hopefully, the single elevator is working well by now.There was a domestic disturbance going on in the next room over so I called the front desk. Someone came up and asked if everything was okay and the participants quieted down or left. The event was well handled by the staff. Breakfast; bagels, croissants, and other pastries. They have a waffle machine which made tasty waffles. Coffee, juice, and water were available. Currently, there are not enough tables. So, you might have to wait until one is free. Hotel recommendation; replace some smaller tables with bigger ones. People will eat together, even strangers.Little things were nice; free wifi and each lamp had an outlet built into it, so no need to unplug the lamp to recharge the cell phone or laptop.Location; 10 minute walk to Time Square, 10 minutes to the Penn Authority bus terminal. 20 minutes from Penn Station rail stop.Over all pleasant stay at a great rate of $140 a night. I believe this was a promo rate for the opening of the hotel but I am not sure.Eric	
Sep 15 2009 	Small room but good value	We stayed there from 7 to 11 Sept. Were given a room in 2nd floor at the back of the building. That proved to be good as lift crashed one day (but was fixed the following day). Hotel was new, so the room as well, even though too small, especially the bed that is not big enough for 2 people. We had to request a fridge upon check in since the room didn't have one neither a microwave, although we didn't need that.Service was very good as they sent us the fridge within 30 minutes. Breakfast was good and enough, although the area to have it very small.If you are on a budget and travel alone or with your couple and don't mind small place, this is a good option, as long as the rates are kept reasonable. You have a subway entrance very near (44th and 8th) and many shops where you can buy drinks (I recommend Food Emporium at 49th and 8th) with very good selection although not cheap.	
Sep 14 2009 	Really good Midtown hotel	My wife &amp; I really enjoyed our stay here from 4-13 Sep. The location is great (2 blocks from Times Square/Theatre District &amp; the Port Authority Bus Terminal) &amp; we got an excellent rate, especially for Midtown. Subway &amp; bus stops are within 1 block.First, the bad news: there is no micro-fridge or on-site laundry. When we made reservations back in June, the Choice website had these amenities listed for this hotel. Unfortunately, they do not have them yet. We were really bummed at first since we were expecting these features. However, there are dozens of restaurants, delis, fast food joints, pizza, bars, &amp; cafes selling reasonably-priced food within a few minutes walk on both 8th &amp; 9th Ave. (Amy's Bread at 672 9th Ave has tasty baked goods &amp; The Big Apple Deli on 9th near 42nd St. has good prices on deli meat, plus an adjacent fruit &amp; veg. market). For laundry, there are 2 coin-op laundries on 9th Ave, near 46th St. &amp; 48th St. (machines are $2.25 each). The hotel staff said that they were unable to secure those items by opening date, but will be coming soon.Now the good news: customer service &amp; hospitality is absolutely excellent here. The staff is really friendly &amp; professional. Housekeeping did a good job maintaining room cleanliness. The free continental breakfast is very good: cereal (4-6 although sugary kids stuff), toast (2), bagels (2), fruit (2), yogurt (1-2), waffles, Danish (2-3), croissants, mini-muffins (2), juice (2), coffee &amp; tea (both reg. &amp; decaf). The staff did a good job keeping everything stocked. They plan to add hard boiled eggs &amp; other stuff soon. Coffee &amp; tea is available all day &amp; the rooms have coffee makers. The flat screen TV has 26 channels including HBO, etc. (If your TV has fewer channels, ask the front desk staff to check &amp; reprogram the TV). The beds have Serta mattresses' &amp; 4 pillows each. There is an armoire for clothing with lots of hangers &amp; 2 small drawers (more storage for clothing would be better if staying several days). They have energy efficient CFL bulbs in the lamps &amp; the a/c-heater worked well. 44th St. can be noisy during the night, so you may want a room in the back. There is a free computer w/printer in the lobby which is handy if you don't want to bring your laptop.Overall, our stay was really good. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a new, clean hotel with a great free breakfast &amp; excellent customer service in Midtown.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great service great staff perfect location	Overview: I recently booked a stay at this hotel during it's opening week. I am a business traveler and frequently rate hotels. Being that it is a new hotel, I was eager to see what it had to offer.Location: The location is in the heart of the theater district, right off Times Square. Countless famous restaurants and theaters showing the latest hot ticket stage productions are just steps outside of the front door. Getting a taxi or taking the subway is easy any time of day.Checkin: The friendly staff members there were very helpful and accommodating at check-in. I arrived a bit early, but they allowed me to sit in the lobby and use their free wi-fi. Once my room was ready, the check-in process was swift and easy.Getting to Your Room: There is one elevator that transports guests to their rooms. The elevator was clean and moved at a steady pace. There was one incident where the elevator was down, but they worked to quickly remedy the situation the same night.The Room: The room I stayed in was a corner room and it was spacious. The decor was very modern, with a queen sized bed, mounted flatscreen tv on the wall, coffee maker, desk, tall closet/cabinet, iron, ironing board, tall mirror mounted on the wall, and individually controlled AC/Heat, and carpeted floor. The bathroom has a nice shower head with great water pressure and multiple spray settings to give you anything from a massaging shower, to a regular 'rain' shower. There is a tub in the bathroom as well, with smooth tile floors and a granite sink top. The best part is that there is free high speed wi-fi throughout the hotel.Amenities: The lobby has a separate dining area for the free continental breakfast with a flatscreen tv. There is also a computer with an internet connection and printer available for guests to use next to the front desk. The ice machine for all guests is located in the basement.	
Oct 23 2009 	Situation exceptionnelle		
Oct 12 2009 	????????????????		
