Nov 10 2009 	Hard to find better	Stayed 3 nights for a break to see friends and having tried many hotels in NYC finally chose the Mercer and it really is worth every penny. Booked a suite and was upgraded on arrival to a lovely high ceilinged room on the 2nd floor facing the road. I was concerned about the street noise but the rooms are triple glazed and even as a light sleeper it was fine. Bed very comfortable, great sheets, big bathroom with full size bath and shower. Friendly helpful service and good breakfast. Tried other hotels in the area including the Bowery and the Mercer is superior.	
Oct 19 2009 	Chic 	We've been coming to NYC for years and I've always wanted to stay downtown - at the Mercer in particular. You cannot beat the location - so close to everything! We usually stay mid-town or uptown but always end up going to Soho to shop and downtown for dinner. My husband got me a gift certificate for the Mercer last Christmas and I finally got around to using it. Service:-----------We arrived late afternoon and our room was not ready, which I expected. The staff took our bags and we continued on with our plans. I booked the Deluxe Studio but we were upgrade to a suite. The check-in staff was extremely helpful and courteous. They explained everything in the room and told us all the options available to us. The lobby is very welcoming. It has a very relaxed vibe, kind of like hanging out at a friends house. You can get drinks and/or food there. Within five minutes of sitting down in the lobby, I was approached by a waitress. When checking out, I asked if there was a business center so I could print my boarding passes for the flight home. They offered to print it out right then and there, putting the passes in a bright red envelop which made it really easy to keep track of. We ordered a rollaway bed and ironing board and iron which was all delivered within 15minutes. The rollaway even had a headboard. I hadn't booked any dinner reservations and asked if we could get into the Mercer Kitchen. I called at 6pm and asked they could get us in at 6:30 which they did. Don't know if it was the early time but we were starving and greatly appreciated the quick seating.The Room---------------The room was gorgeous! Huge king size bed, which was soooo comfortable! Large living area and a dining area. High ceilings with large curved windows and a view of Mercer and Spring street. Very large bathroom with body sprays and a huge tub. We had fresh fruit, fresh flowers,a bottle of wine and a note from the manager waiting for us when we arrived. You can borrow DVDs and game consoles too. There were bathrobes and slippers (cleaned &amp; sealed). At night, the light candles and draw the blackout shades (which worked very, very well). Our room was on the street, not on the courtyard, but it wasn't that noisy at all. One really nice touch - they had Mercer stationary with my name printed on it. The Restaurant---------------------- The dinner was EXCELLENT and the service was great. It has a great atmosphere - dark, brick, chic with an open kitchen. The next morning I had planned to go to Balthazar for breakfast. The wait was 45 minutes so we walked back and decided to have breakfast at the Mercer. We got a great seat next to the window. Again, great friendly service and the food was delicious! One of the best cappucinos I've ever had. Very fresh fruit - including figs which I LOVE! Yes - its a pricey hotel and I would not have normally picked it because of that. But now, having stayed there, I will DEFINITELY go back again to the hotel and to the restaurant. It may have ruined all other hotels for me.	
Sep 8 2009 	This is my favourite place to saty in NYC	I have stayed in this hotel many times over a number of years. I missed out last year because Fashion Week happened to be on when I was in New York and the Mercer was booked up. I had to stay in the Bowery Hotel. I much prefer the Mercer. The staff here are so professional and helpful and the hotel itself is one of the most tranquil places you can find in Manhattan. I love the fact that only residents can drink or eat in the lobby bar, which means that there is always somewhere to sit and lounge around. I also like the laid back atmosphere and the fact that if you need any assistance the staff are always able to help - from suggestions for restaurants to finding some of the city's less well know treasures such as the new West Highline park. I cannot understand previous reviewers' suggestions of &quot;attitude&quot;. I have never experienced that with the staff. Service is always propmpt and attentive even when corresponding by e-mail. I made endless changes to my reservation this year and all of them were dealt with promptly and patiently by Elly Khait. ~As for the rooms themselves, I like their combination of comfort and style; the latter has not changed in all the years that I have been coming here. It is nice that there are no gimmicks; no glitz; and no charges for soft drinks from the mini-bar. The soundproofing on some rooms could probably be better but this is New York and the hotel is on the side of the street so perhaps there is not much can be done about. A courtyard room is worth requesting but they seem more difficult to get now than previously !	
Sep 5 2009 	Love the Mercer	The Mercer is great.Fantastic location near to good subway connections, easy to get a taxi and close to the really interesting shopping areas.The food is good and not to expensive including the room service which is quick and delicious. Rooms are more spacious than most NY hotels (never stay at the Paramount if you like space!)the only downside is that you have to hunt about a bit to find the more reasonably priced restaurants as it is in a touristy area of NY. LOVE the fac that you get a free pass to the very close by Equinox gym, so much better than some sad small hotel gym.Staff very friendly and remembered me from my stay a year before.Also the black out blinds and double glazing really block out all of the sun and most of the city noise so its very peaceful too. Delicious cocktails too.	
Aug 30 2009 	Only Hotel To Stay In NY	Initially booked into Hilton NY, which quickly turned out to be a massive error on our part. Changed to the Mercer. Staff, hotel, everything excellent. Most NY hotels are pokey, tatty and with terrible kitchens. The Mercer is none of those things, and as a result is head and shoulders above the rest. If you go to NY and are able to, stay here.	
Jul 7 2009 	The most perfect place to stay in NYC!	I've been to New York a couple of times before and always wanted to stay at The Mercer, so this time we did. I was not disappointed, it was absolutely fantastic!Firstly, our main reason for visiting NY was for a shopping weekend, and my favourite shopping area is Soho, Greenwich Village, West Village, NoLita etc ... this hotel is in a perfect location for the best shopping the city has to offer.I don't know where to begin really ... it's a very chic, understated boutique hotel with a lovely family feel to it, believe me nothing is too much trouble for these guys. Everybody from the doorman, the bar staff, restaurant staff, desk staff and housekeepers were all so polite and friendly.We had a Studio room which is bigger than a standard, on the 4th floor it had ample space, some nice open brickwork walls, flat screen tv, ipod dock, dvd player, all the usual stuff you would expect (I loved the remote control black out blinds). The bathroom was exceptional with a huge double bathtub for 2 people (you would easily get 4 people in it!) and it was so deep - along with luxury toiletries and a fantastic separate shower all tiled in nice stone and marble. There were shutter doors between the bathroom and the bedroom, so if you wanted to chat to somebody in the bath you can have them open .. really cool. The Housekeeping with exceptional, we stayed 3 nights and whoever cleaned and tidied our room did a fantastic job down to the last detail.Plenty of closet space, coathangers ... nice robes and slippers provided ... all the little stuff that makes all the difference (hell, they even provided condoms in the bathroom!).The restaurant downstairs was fantastic, we ate there on the first night - really superb food but nice and relaxed, not at all stuffy.The lobby is a great place to sit and they have a wonderful selection of arty books to look at, not that we had much time for that, but we did make use of it for 10 minutes!Only slight negative, this hotel is very expensive but you really do get the absolute best of everything, We paid around 440 uk pounds sterling per night ($700+) so it's certainly not a bargain hotel. I stayed at the Dorchester in London for less than that, but this was so much better than the Dorchester.I will definitely stay here again, it was the best hotel I have every stayed in.	
May 31 2009 	Will always stay here	Just spent another 4 nights at The Mercer to celebrate Mother's Day with my daughter. I had the least expensive room that has double doors to the courtyard. Loved it since I prefer quiet to views. This year I reserved the same courtyard room, but asked for the room same level as the courtyard patio and they accommodated me, which I was pleased with. I loved the decor and the beautiful marble bathroom. I loved that you can open the French doors and view a lovely patio of bamboo plantings. Especially loved the little touches such as personal note welcoming me back, fresh flowers on the table, delicious cookies, the little voltives lit at turn down, lavender cashmere throw to snuggle, and the list can go on and on. All of the staff were extremely helpful. Always had room service delivered immediately. I went thru the trouble to make reservations at trendy restaurants such as Nobu 57, Babbo, Baltazar. But my meals at the restaurant downstairs were really better than the more hyped restaurants. If you like staying downtown, The Mercer located in SoHo is ideal location.	
May 7 2009 	Great place shame about the attitude...	Great location Nice atmosphereNot too bigPleasant rooms and facilities in a great locationGreat video selection Best mini bar!........... But I am being generous stating that staff attitude is moderate (i.e. reception/concierge not room service). They seem to care more about 'celebrities' than mere mortals which is plain dumb. We are all paying the same aren’t we? And I guess it is also a little of that 'too cool for school' some contemporary hotel staff have. What’s with that?I have not stayed there for a while so the attitude may have changed. And if it has it will be back on my desirable list.Recommend nearby food: Breakfast at Baltazar  A drink at the bar downstairs Lunch or dinner at Lure across the road Dean and Deluca’s	
Apr 15 2009 	Best choice in SOHO	This is a great property. I'm usually a bit skeptical of &quot;trendy&quot; boutique properties as the style usually comes at the expense of good service. This property does a good job of playing it cool while still providing good service. The rooms are small but reasonable by NY standards. The complementary mini-bar is a great amenity. The location could not be better for SOHO.	
Apr 8 2009 	I love the mercer	My husband and I went to New York for a special celebration and stayed at the Mercer. It was the perfect spot for a special time. The room was great (we stayed in the room with the Huge tub). The staff could not have been more helpful. Even though there were a couple of high profile celebs staying there at the same time the staff treated us with equal regard.. The poor celebs were being hounded by the paparazzi and the staff wsas doing their utmost to shield them. Back to us. I loved the high ceilings , the huge tub and the very comfy bed and the black out shades. The room seveice was very responsive to our requests. They responded to our calls within 15 minutes. All the amenities in the fridge were complimentary (except the alcohol). With turn down each evening they left a botle of water by the bed. I have stayed in other hotels in this price category and the Mercer certainly exceeded my expectaions.I loved the lobby. It was warm and invitng but also hip and edgy. There was always activity, cocktails, afternoon tea, late lunch and great people watching.We really loved our stay at the Mercer down in Soho.	
Jan 30 2009 	Still good but.......	We last stayed at The Mercer in January 2008 and were immediately impressed by the concept, food, staff and style of the Hotel. We were still impressed on our latest visit but wondered if more recent additions to the New York Hotel scene were offering a better experience. Out of curiosity we visited 60 Thompson and asked to view a room. The friendly staff were happy to oblige. Certainly the room we visited was a significant improvement on the equivalent Mercer offering. The roof top bar, which we didn't view, is according to all accounts a major attraction in Summer. In the evenings at The Mercer, trying to enjoy a drink can be somewhat spoiled by the smell of food which is frequently eaten in the lounge area. We didn't dine at 60 Thompson and so can't comment on the quality of food or service. The Mercer is a great hotel, breakfasts are excellent , staff are friendly and The Mercer Kitchen is also good. We would have no hesitation in recomending it. However, perhaps it is losing some of its lustre, maybe living on its past reputation. It should no longer be an automatic choice and its sister hotel, The Standard, and 60 Thompson are worthy of serious consideration.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good choice	We spent 6 nights at The Mercer in October 2008 and here are the comments on this stay:- Great location one block away from Broadway on Mercer and Prince streets, two minutes from Prince Street underground station.- Very nice neighbourhood with very few high-rises, but ‘end of the 19th century’ some five to six floor brown brick buildings with the tipical metal fire stairs attached to the facade.- Many boutique-style top notch shops and also more ‘affordable’ ones close by, nice restaurants in walking distance (The Lure across the street was good and gloomy), cafés, groceries ...Hotel itself:- Very modern, with large, slightly impersonal lobby, friendly and reliable reception staff- Bistro-like restaurant in the basement (unfortunately didn’t get the time to ‘dine-in’)Rooms:- Tall ceilings, large rooms, stylish-basic but very good quality furniture - very nice bathroom with either huge shower or huge tub (great water pressure filling up the tub in no time)- two sets of windows you can open, thus allowing either fresh air to come in or getting sound proof environment.We were very pleased with our stay there and can recommend the hotel (despite the somehow horrendous price ... – Check it out yourself). Staying there gives one the notion of by passed times, when NY didn’t have many skyscrapers apart from the Woolworth Building (go see!!). Makes a good contrast to staying some place like near Grand Central Station or Central Park.	
Jul 6 2008 	It's The Mercer for me...	Stayed at The Mercer last month on business and was impressed by the friendly and helpful staff. I arrived without my luggage (delayed by 30 hours) and was immediately given a wide range of amenities and suggestions for nearby shops for essentials (they'd even negotiated a 10 percent discount at J Crew next door for hotel guests who'd lost their luggage). Room was perfect; great bed, walk-in shower and bottled water and snacks in minibar free of charge. Lounge area is for hotel guests only and great place to have breakfast or quiet late afternoon drink. The food at the Mercer Kitchen downstairs turned out to be excellent which meant we didn't venture out for meals much (Nobu Tribeca one of the few exceptions). In all, a great hotel and restaurant with top-notch personnel and at a fabulous location. Yes, it's expensive. The least expensive room there is about as much as a junior suite at other good hotels. But given the choice, I'll opt for The Mercer. Only one tiny complaint -- the oatmeal! It's watery and dreadful so suggest you give it a miss.	
Jun 19 2008 	Fabulous NYC experience!	We just loved this hotel! Everything was better than expected - from the location right in the heart of Soho, to the chic decor, to the ambiance, to the attentiveness of the staff (not too little or too much) to all the room extras - no charge for most of the honor bar items (except the alcohol of course). And that's saying a lot as our expectations were pretty high given the room prices. We felt like we were treated just as well and made to feel just as welcome as the couple of celebrities that we saw staying there as well. That was one complaint I had heard about the hotel before our stay but we had no such poor attitudes from the staff. It had a very exclusive feel to the whole experience. And The Kitchen (the hotel's restaurant) was also fabulous. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 3 2008 	Superd	Just the best place in NYC class from start to end, Service Rooms Location all A class, i have been NYC many times and stayed at most the top Hotels, But the Mercer surpasses my expectations and the high lever of personal service is up the with the Hotel Crillon in paris, if your reading this review make sure your next step is to make your booking.	
Apr 6 2008 	Rude Arrogant Overpriced	If you like overpriced rooms, overpriced food, overpriced service and rude employees, I can recommend the Mercer Hotel. Otherwise, you might as well stay at a LaQuinta, and save enough to pay for your airfare anywhere in the U.S.I was not happy with the attitude of a hotel employee. I asked to speak to a supervisor. She stood by the employee. I asked to speak to the hotel's general manager. Rather than call or visit, he emailed me saying the hotel has not had previous complaints.Oh my. I guess if it is my word v. an employee, I must be wrong. Really folks, I've read other reviews here and I see that most people who write liked their experiences. But do you really want to stay at The Mercer Hotel knowing that if there is a problem, the management will side against you regardless of the facts -- and charge you dearly for the experience?	
Apr 2 2008 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the Mercer for just one night, unfortunately, after spending a few nights at Dream Hotel (have also reviewed on TA). We stayed in a Deluxe Studio, and were well treated by all staff during our short stay. The bath tub was very big, and great to relax in after a long day of shopping around Soho, literally at your footsteps. The restaurant is great for breakfast, and it was busy all day. The room is very clean and modern - huge bathroom with really good amenities. It feels quite homely as well, and service is excellent (who ever said the people in NYC weren't friendly?). Will definitely go back again!	
Mar 26 2008 	Near perfect	We got to the Mercer a little after noon courtesy of a truly terrifying cab ride. The Mercer's doorman could see we were flustered &amp; that the cab driver was a bit odd &amp; he took over. We were inside &amp; everything was calm in a second.At the front desk I asked if they had a room available the next level up because we'd decided we wanted a king bed - the young woman said we'd already been upgraded to a king bedded room.She apologised &amp; said it would take 30mins for the room to be ready (we didn't expect it for hours) &amp; when my husband said he'd love a coffee &amp; rather tactlessly said not an american coffee she recommended a place in greene st. (Jo's in Alessi) It was perfect.This is good service - we're not young or cool or hip or in the media but they treated us like what we wanted was important. For the rest of the stay we were treated in the same way by all the staff. The room was comfortable - the double glazing fabulous. The products good. Housekeeping impeccable.We'd go back in a second &amp; we would have said it was perfect except the Mercer Kitchen was too dark, too noisy, the food too ordinary &amp; the staff too erratic.	
Mar 10 2008 	Amazing stay at the Mercer	We spent four nights at the Mercer recently. it was a great experience all round. The reception was friendly and welcoming and we were immediately shown to our room, a Loft Studio. Not huge but OK for NY standards. Great bed and amazing bathtub which two people could do laps in. We met friends for drinks in the lobby which was really comfortable and warm, and usually wit a couple of celebs in the mix as well. Service was very accomodating - sorting out dinner for 8 on a Friday night at last minute for example. Very expensive but you get what you pay for.	
Mar 6 2008 	exrordinary attention to detail at the Mercer	This is our second time back to the Mercer. (it would have been our third but they were booked out during our last visit to NYC) The Mercer is the perfect place to stay in New York if you enjoy excellent, unobtrusive service in a great location. The staff are welcoming and nothing is too much trouble. There has been so much thought put into anticipating guests needs. The mini bar is amazingly comprehensive, Wi Fi and day passess to nearby gyms are complimentary. The minimalist rooms are decorated in a soothing, subtle palette and the beds, with beautiful fine thread count sheets are extremely comfortable. This is a great room to come home to after a big day shopping! Our Loft Studio was a good size room in which to spead out the days purchases. I had torn a small hole in a sweater and the very helpful housekeeper on duty repaired it herself and had it back to my room in 15 minutes. That's service. The front desk staff promptly attended to all of our restaurant reservation and transport enquiries cheerfully and professionally. Oh..and the breakfast room is a lovely place to start he day.Yes, this is our first choice in NYC. No question. We have stayed at 60 Thompson (noisy in the street front rooms, small room size) and The Bowery (our second choice), but The Mercer is the pefect hotel for us.	
Feb 27 2008 	Hard to be objective	After a rather chaotic flight from New Orleans, arriving at the Mercer was pure redemption. &quot;Did you have a nice flight?&quot; the concierge asked us. &quot;No!&quot; we answered. &quot;Don't worry, now you are here&quot;. True and wise words. The Mercer is the very epitomée of Boutique Hotel. A splendid building, tastefully hip decor, excellent and very friendly service, sophisticated laid-back clientele.  The Lobby is basically a very comfortable, smartly designed, large living room. You have your breakfast there, an afternoon snack, or a late night cocktail. It's cosy, sophisticated and happening. The Kitchen is the very lively restaurant in the basement. Excellent drinks, excellent food, excellent service, in a cool environment very popular with locals.  The rooms are a decadent experience: smart time-standing design, huge tub and walk-in shower, and a mini-bar loaded with delicious snacks, spirits, champagne, cigarettes, city maps and shopping guides.  I admit it is hard to be objective when writing about The Mercer. Hotel wise it may not be the perfect top-notch experience you could get for that kind of rack rate. But as an experience of what New York is all about, it can't be beaten. And if you're the urban kind, you'll leave with the tranquil sense of having found your home in New York City.	
Feb 11 2008	Watch the Phone Bill	Beware of the phone bills. The Mercer misrepresented their phone charges in the room brochure, and so on leaving we were presented with an enormous bill, which was not in line with the rates they advertised in the room. After heavy negotiations, we managed to get them down to what they had advertised, but please be aware of this, and check your bill early enough before departure so you have time to argue it out.The Kitchen restaurant is very good.Mobiles did not work in the room.	
Jan 22 2008 	Yet Again The Mercer is Faultless	Simply put, the Mercer provides a perfect NYC base. It is quite possibly the best located downtown hotel. From the moment I exited my cab on arrival everything about this hotel was flawless. The hotel's public areas are sleekly furnished and wonderfully lit, making them very relaxing to lounge in (and pretend that you are not celeb spotting every time the porter opens the main door to welcome guests). The reception area doubles as a library and bar/restaurant open only to hotel residents and their guests. It also provides access to, and serves from, the Mercer Kitchen - which is well worth a visit (recommend the Tuna &amp; Wasabi Pizza).The public-facing staff are all gorgeous, well attired and attentive. They look like they might be hotel guests if they were not in their uniforms. Rooms are great, and if you can afford to, treat yourself and splurge on a loft studio. Request a high floor overlooking the street (rooms are soundproofed). The highlight of the room was the oversized bathtub. In a city with so much stimui, it is very possible that you will not want to leave the hotel.If looking for a cab to the airport, ask the porter to stop one on the street rather than have the front desk reserve one - as it will cost half the price to JFK.This is without question my favourite hotel in the world.	
Jan 17 2008 	Best place to stay in New York City	We are a small family of two adults and one child (6 years old) who have just stayed for a week at the Mercer Hotel.We loved every minute here and found the location to be the best! This was our second visit in New York as a family.We love the SoHo area, and found a lot of good and also kid friendly places to eat in the area. The Subway station on Prince Street is just a few steps away.We had requested a street facing room, but upon arrival we were told that they could put us up in a courtyard facing room immediately, otherwise we could wait in the lobby for half an hour. We chose to wait, and they treated us to coffee and juice in the very comfortable lobby.After a while our room was ready. We were not disappointed - we had a room on the 2. floor overlooking Prince Street, meaning that we could sit on the leather bench and look down at all the action (we love to people watch!!).We found a handwritten welcome note together with a bottle of red wine on our table - nice touch!The bathroom was huge, with an oversized tub and separate shower and amenities from Face Stockholm. The room had a large bed, a single bed for our daughter (and we must say that the beds are hands down the best we have ever tried - so good that we asked the reception where they had bought them!), a sofa, dining table, chair and leather bench - and lots of storage space.The room also has iPod dock, DVD, stereo and a huge TV (which, for some reason, gave this strange noise when turned on, but we didn't complain about it).There were also fresh flowers and candles (both scented and normal) in the room. The hotel provides DVD and CD library and also has a selection of board games which came in handy on our 4th day - the previous days had been so action packed that our daughter needed a quiet day to recharge the batteries! In such a situation the location could not have been better - we were able to take turns doing some (boring, according to our daughter) shopping and browsing in all the wonderful clothes- food and design shops in the area - and buy some coffee and pastries from nearby Dean &amp; Deluca to enjoy in our room.The staff at reception were very friendly and did everything they could to ensure that we enjoyed our stay. Also the staff in the restaurant - very attentive and warm. We had breakfast in the lobby almost every morning of our stay and it was delicious (although slightly pricey). We also had dinner one night and it was one of the best of our entire stay.We loved the design of the whole hotel, especially the lobby with its comfy sofas and warm ambience. The feel of the whole place was quiet and relaxing. I would say that Mercer met all our expectations, but to be frank, didn't exceed them. The price tag is also somewhat hefty - but that said, and referring to all my positive words above, it is a truly wonderful place and we would not hesitate to recommend it. We already miss it - and New York, of course - and can't wait to go back to both hotel and city again.	
Jan 2 2008	Excellent hotel - shame about the room changes	We stayed for 4 nights in December. The hotel is located right in the action in Soho. The entrance is very unobstrusive and easy to miss. When we arrived we were told the room grade we had booked was not available and were booked in a lower grade for our first night followed by a grade up from that we had booked for the remaining three. It was a hassle having to repack but our bags were moved painlessly and the second room was great. Plenty of space, very comfortable king sized bed, large bath and separate shower. The great thing about this hotel is it is quiet for a city centre location. Our second room overlooked the courtyard which was really very peaceful although the large ventilation unit on an adjacent roof could be noisy with the windows open in summer.The style of this place is minimalist chic. It won't suit everyone but we were very happy with it.We found the staff all to be very helpful and friendly. We had lots of help sorting out dinner reservations in advance. Doormen were good at sorting out taxis and helping with bags.We did not eat in the hotel. We had breakfast either at Blathazar (5 minute walk) or Le Pain Quotidien (10 minute walk) both of which were good alternatives.The area is very busy from late morning though to early evening. Once the shops close it is actually very quiet but we also felt perfectly safe.Overall we were impressed. It isn't cheap (good city hotels rarely are) but we felt well looked after. It was just a shame about having to move rooms.	
Dec 17 2007	V Cool Hotel	Expensive but value for money in Manhattan.SoHo is a great place to stay and the Mercer is a great hotel. The room was large and had a huge bathroom. Bose stereo with Ipod dock was a nice touch. The restaurant, the Kitchen was also very good but as mentioned by another reviewer is was very dark!Fanellis Bar across the road is superb value with the best burger I have ever had. Also across the road Lure is definitely worth a visit.	
Nov 23 2007	Mercer disappoints...	We booked the Mercer for the room - the 'Studio' got us a decent sized room (for Soho, of course...), lots of light, an oversized bathtub plus separate shower. It wasn't a great room. It was a nice room - and after touring rooms at the Soho Grand and 60 Thompson, we felt confident that we'd made the right choice. The real problem was the service. I know it's Soho - some of the most expensive real estate in North America, but still - for the price we paid I expected top notch service. The front desk staff were cool and not particularly friendly. The restaurant was a disaster. They have this area that's just for hotel guests to sit in. If you're going to eat at the restaurant - do yourself a favour and don't sit there. For some reason, in this 'special area' - they tack the gratuity on to the bill automatically. I guess that for the waitstaff, knowing they are going to get tipped no matter what means they can deliver horrible service to 'the special area' customers. We ate their three times - we were ignored, they forgot to bring items we ordered, then billed us for it anyway. If you're looking for the best rooms in the area, the Mercer has them - if you're looking for great service - stay away.	
Oct 19 2007 	Truly feels like a boutique property in amid a sea of anonymity	My partner and I stayed at the Mercer for 4 nights when in New York City for business. We wanted to stay downtown (23rd Street or lower) and were looking for a smallish hotel.The Mercer did not disappoint. The decor won't be for everyone--in fact I'm not even sure it was the right match for me. Rather minimal with dark wood, white walls, and an occasional splash of color in a bedspread. Beautiful architechtural features such as enormously high ceilings, tall windows, structural columns, but no adornment.However, the service was stunning. We had a major issue with our room on the second night. As we later found out, the J Crew downstairs was taking stock all night and they were not shy with the bass register of their music. We assumed it was coming from the hotel bar and you can imagine our frustration when the music had not stopped by 11 PM. Eventually we called down to the front desk. They quickly brought us earplugs. At 2 AM when it had not stopped I went downstairs to complain. The person at the desk did not know what the problem could be as they had stopped their own non-obtrusive lobby and bar music. However, they were glad to give us another room in a different part of the building for the night without asking us to pack our bags and lug all our stuff to another room at 2AM. I thought this was nice and would not have been found in a bigger property. The next morning they had figured out what the problem was and moved us and our stuff to a new room (same room category but the room was nicer, even though a little smaller) away from the J Crew. Furthermore they were extremely friendly throughout the process and admittedly I was quite grumpy at 2AM while listening to a thumping bass.Though I didn't think the &quot;experience&quot; of the room merited the price, the service was definitely of the highest calibre.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Hotel	Its a great hotel - rooms much larger than average and the service is superb. Be aware all the rooms are smoking rooms ( ours smelt a bit when we arrived, but to be fair they sorted it out pretty quick with ionisers ). Definitely the best place to stay in Manhattan as far as I'm concerned.......	
Oct 13 2007 	Fantastic stay (again)	This is the 2nd time my wife and I stayed at the Mercer in less than a year. We came with our 2 best friends from the UK to celebrate our friend's 40th birthday. It is such a comfortable and welcoming hotel, we felt like we were coming home every time we walked in. The staff are so friendly and helpful. It's great to be able to choose various seating options to eat in the excellent Mercer Kitchen - in the hotel lounge, upstairs at the front or downstairs in the main restaurant (we tried them all!). The breakfast is excellent as are the cocktails (try the white chocolate martini). We ate at some great restaurants - Balthazar, Spring St (book well in advance - we had a great breakfast there), Fiamma (also Spring St, new award winning chef). We had a superb lunch at a place called L'Ulivo (once again on Spring St!) - it was the best pizza I have ever had and a nice change from the tourist traps in Little Italy. We had a pre-dinner cocktail in a rooftop bar called 230 5th (literally 230 5th Avenue) whch has spectacular views - well worth a cab ride. Our 2 friends are vegetarian and we ate one night in a restaurant called Pure Food &amp; Wine on Irving Place - it was superb and one of the most interesting meals I have ever eaten and a really charming restaurant too. Happy eating!	
Oct 12 2007	Fantastic!	Fantastic location, just opposite Fannelis for excellent cheap food and a good atmosphere. Plenty of restaurants nearby in a good safe area or you can get a cab pretty much anywhere for £5. Room was nice but could have done with a bath, mercer kitchen was good but I've never been in a restaurant as dark, 1 nightlite per table, staff could barely see and they weren't even eating. Would stay here again for location alone, breakfast and room service was fast and good.	
Sep 21 2007 	Simply the best	Great location in SoHo, beautiful rooms, best hotel staff, delicious breakfast and a warm, friendly lounge. My girlfriend and I had a wonderful stay at The Mercer the weekend after fashion week. The lobby area was a great place to sip drinks while looking at gorgeous people (models) passing by. Kate Bosworth was a guest and Whoopi Goldberg walked by while we were having a break at the hotel bench outside. Last time we visited The Mercer we had breakfast next to Calista Flockhart and Harrison Ford… I asked for an adaptor at the reception desk and two adaptors were delivered within 5 minutes to our room! It did not feel uptight and stiff as other luxurious hotels can seem, we felt very welcomed and well taken care of during our stay. If I search my mind for anything negative I can only come up with the conditioner in the bathroom which was like putting milk in your hair. Minor problem when everything else was so wonderful. One of the major Norwegian newspapers wrote a review summer 2007 where they stated that the only thing bad about the hotel was that the beds were too soft – we don’t agree – we have not slept this good with jetlag anywhere else in the US ever. Close by you will find Bar89 with the funny restrooms, a younger crowd (20-somethings) at MercBar and the wonderful garden at Barolo restaurant where you can enjoy an Italian lunch with a glass of bubbly in open air. We also tried the Mexican restaurant Dos Caminos SoHo which was very lively with an outdoor patio, but we were not too impressed with the food. The breakfast at The Mercer is expensive but well worth the money - especially the omelette with cheese and the tiny extremely tasty tomatoes. Regarding shopping you cannot go wrong either direction you decide to take; it is an overwhelming sea of opportunities. I would also recommend a spa appointment at Bliss Spa SoHo. We will definitely go back to The Mercer – just have to save up first!	
Sep 6 2007 	Simply Great - Semplicemente il migliore!!	I should had write this review before. My husbund and I we spent 3 night at this hotel and really loved it!!! Front desk was very helpfull friendly and warm, bar waitress too, the room was small but that`s New York, very cleen. Delicious welcoming biscuit on arrival. One very special thanks to the door man, the day we left he called us taxi and kissed me and my husbund like if we where his old friends and saied &quot;you guys come back soon&quot; this was unbealiveble for us, we are both in the service industry and always appreciate someone who goes out of his way to make it special! Thank you MercerHotel Staff we will be definetely coming back because of you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2007 	Great location reflected in the price tag	Our 1st stay in NYC was a hot &amp; steamy affair - that was just the the NYC summer weather! The Mercer came as a soothing retreat from a hot &amp; steamy NYC. Location is perfect in middle of Soho, walking distance from lots of great bars &amp; restaurants. The lounge/reception area has high ceilings to create an immediate feel of space &amp; calm, the opposite of the underground, dark, yet swanky Kitchen bar/restaurant - great food &amp; wine, if you can see what's infront of you! We upgraded from a courtyard room to a more spacious delux Mercer room with a bath - the bath was worth the extra money - it was huge! Our room smelled of cigarettes on arrival, but quickly provided candles &amp; a de-humidifier restored sweeter smells almost immediately. In general, the room was probably the most dissapointing feature of a very good stay. Walls were bear, I am a minimalist, but there was nothing - not one picture. The sofa was looking worn around the edges. The bed was a cosy Queen - I guess a King wouldn't fit, but then we did have a bath as big as the bed! There was a cooling ceiling fan - which only seemed to have very fast or very slow speeds. On the positive side, there was an i-pod docking station &amp; cookies greeted us on arrival, so I'm probably being overly critical, but at $600+ a night, I feel slightly justified in being pedantic. Overall - the location is great, staff are very friendly &amp; I'm glad we stayed - I'm just not sure I'd return for the price.	
Aug 12 2007	Wonderful stay at the Mercer Hotel!	My daughter and I just returned from a one night stay at the Mercer.We normally stay in hotels near Central Park but wanted to try something different this time. We were not disappointed. Our room was very spacious. We had a small balcony which was nice to let some fresh air in. Our flight arrived early in the a.m. and we went directly to the hotel to drop our bags off. We were so surprised that our room was ready for us. The mini bar had everything you would ever want or need! We had breakfast in the lobby, food was great, service good.The lobby also has a substantial library. We had dinner directly across the street, below the Prada boutique at Lure. I recommend this restaurant as well. Fresh oysters, great food, great service!I'm pretty certain we were in the hotel elevator with Kanye West, who by the way was very nice!I highly recommend this wonderful hotel and cannot wait to return next year, hopefully for two nights instead of one!	
Jul 30 2007 	Another great stay at the Mercer	We enjoyed a wonderful weekend at the Mercer! This was my 3rd visit in the last 8 months, this time for a romantic getaway with my husband. Service was excellent, atmosphere was relaxing, and the food was delicious. Completely worth the expense as the Mercer is consistently wonderful!	
Jul 29 2007 	Wonderful Weekend	Just returned from a stay at The Mercer and had to write my first review. This hotel is a true jewel. The staff is professional yet warm, every request is handled quickly and with a smile. The lobby area really does feel like someone's very cool living room. The rooms are spacious for NY standards. If you want a small hotel that treats you like an honored guest, you will not go wrong with the Mercer. I told my husband that I will never be able to stay anywhere else in NYC!	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent stay at the Mercer	I am on my way home from a lovely weekend at the Mercer. From the moment I arrived amid the Harry Potter party on Mercer Street, I was greeted warmly and treated exceptionally well. I normally stay uptown, but I'd read good things about the Mercer, and I wanted to try it. I was not disappointed. Other than some very spotty room service delivery one breakfast morning (no ice in ice water, dry french toast), my stay was exceptional. I splurged on the Studio Loft, and I did not regret it. My beautiful french doors opened to the bamboo courtyard, and the ceiling fan was a wonderful addition. I fell in love with the big bathtub, and after purchasing some fun bath products, I soaked my cares away! A wonderful rejuvenating weekend in a very discreet comfortable location.	
Jul 3 2007 	Immerse yourself in NY Mercer-style	Mercer lived up to all expectations. Understated cool, superb location and far enough away from the business world to let you really relax and enjoy the shopping and village atmosphere unique to this part of Manhattan. Rooms are large (we had a Mercer room), bright, airy (and not noisy with the window open - Mercer St is hardly busy by NY standards) with white walls and high ceilings. Emphasis is on simple lines, comfort and space. And let's not forget that cool edge that seems to come naturally . Will just have to upgrade to the loft rooms next time!	
Jun 4 2007 	Double 100% Excellent	Great location - right in the middle of Soho - walking distance to Nolita, Noho, East &amp; West Village etc. Have previously stayed in mid-Town and this was so much better.Beautiful property - stayed in a studio. Well worth the few extra $'s for some extra space. Very light and airy rooms - extremely quiet even though we expected a little noise with our room opening onto Mercer Street. The downstairs bar area was very comfortable and relaxing for a drink/ meal.Staff were excellent - very friendly and managed to obtain reservations at some fantastic restaurants that we had been told that you needed to book weeks/ months ahead.Overall - can recommend this hotel highly. One of the best.	
May 17 2007 	More service; less buzz	Things I love about the Mercer:1. The location -- right in the heart of Soho, with lots of restaurants and shopping right outside your door.2. Service -- warm and very friendly, which shows that this hotel has settled into a comfortable, luxurious middle age. When the hotel was fairly new, I felt that the emphasis was on &quot;cool&quot; service, in all its various meanings. Now the staff rushes over with a smile. 3. The little luxuries -- an iPod player in your room, for example. Generous supplies of shampoo, etc. Plus a very comfortable bed and a wonderful shower.4. An inviting lobby -- a comfortable place for breakfast or a drink. Pleasant alcove with a computer for checking your e-mail.Things you may not love about the Mercer:1. The location -- you're right on a busy corner, with crowds outside day and night. The rooms are well soundproofed, but forget about opening your window (unless you have a courtyard room).2. The rooms -- the epitome of industrial chic when they were first done. Now they just look industrial: long and narrow (like a galley kitchen) with white walls and venetian blinds on the windows. Maybe time for an update? (N.B. I had a standard room)3. The shampoo, etc. -- the Mercer has been using the same brand for as long as I can remember. Time for a change?I'm sure I'll be back, though I wouldn't be disappointed to hear that they're making some changes around the edges.	
May 4 2007 	soho style	On most trips to NYC I usually like midtown locations or the upper-east side. My last trip I decided would be nice to have a change and stay in Soho at the Mercer. It was a small hotel but it makes up for the size with charm. The lobby had a cute bar, (only hotel guests andfriends could hang there). That makes it special. I did see a few stars having cocktails. The lounge was comfortable and had soft couches and chairs, it was a nice place to have drinks and chat.The staff was very helpful in making dinner and theatre reservations.The room wasn't ready when we checked in. We had to wait until 4pm. That was not a positive thing, but the shops next to the hotel kept me busy while I was waiting for my room. Soho is a relaxed environment so It didn't really bother me. Once I finally go to my room I was very happy. We had a junior suite which is about 500 sq. ft. It had a large bathroom and a deep soaking tub with louvre doors that looked out into the bedroom. The housekeeping staff took care of all my requests for extra towels, soaps and pillows. The pillows where down and the bed was very comfortable. The only complaint I hadwas that they couldn't change the heat to air conditioning, the hotelwas a little warmer than I like at night. The streets where quiet enough to crack the window a little to let in some cooler spring NYC air. The room had a large couch and dining table which was very convenient for room service. The location was great, we just walked out the door to all the soho shops. The hotel didn't have a gym, but provided Equinox passes whichwas one block away. I was having fun one night with my music a littleloud late night with a male stripper, The hotel security did tell me to keep it down, But I still loved the hotel, I get out of control sometimes, especially in NYC.	
Apr 14 2007 	can't wait to go back	We have just returned from The Mercer and will be looking to go back there for our next New York trip. The location is perfect - buzzy, busy streets and within walking distance of Greenwich Village, the Lower East Side etc. The hotel itself is understated and calming, and quite small. One of the hotel's strengths is its excellent staff - inobtrusive, helpful, welcoming. They help the hotel feel relaxing and almost homey-if your home is cool studio in Soho, that is. Sigh. The room was simply decorated with nice touches -Bose stereo, Face toiletries, i-Pod dock, super powerful shower etc. If you are after a glitzy experience, this may not be for you. Similarly, if this is your first visit and you want to see the sights, perhaps a mid-town location would be better. If, however, you want a classy base from which to explore the streets of downtown, this is the place. Most places are a comfortable taxi ride away, anyway. Thoroughly recommended.	
Feb 23 2007 	Best of the Best	I'm not famous, not rich and according to even my best friends ;-) not the best looking guy on earth...and hey, I got a perfect experience at The Mercer.The staff were very welcoming, check-in is smooth, the girls&amp;boys of the Cafe and Restaurant are great.My room (Loft Studio) was Ab Fab! Felt like coming home; superbed, giant bathroom with a 2-person tub, oversized amenities by FACE Stockholm, great turn-downservice,...even (not so typical for NYC) free wireless in the room.The lobby/bar feels like a super living room; very cozy. Eg. Gerard Depardieu and Danny DeVito were there but everything is comfortable and discrete.The food (breakfast to dinner) is super.I have tried to find sth. negative but so far, no luck.On a scale of 1 to 10, The Mercer deserves a 10+.	
Feb 19 2007 	Best in SoHo	I love this hotel!!! It is like staying at your own privately owned NY loft...only someone comes and cleans your room every night, leaves you bottles of water, refreshes the flowers and brings you the most amazing food. There are hardwood floors. It''s contemporary, but not stuffy. Clean and so fresh feeling. I did stay in one of the larger studio suites, but my husband stays here frequently and said that even the smaller rooms are nice. Great room service, great food in general. You feel as if the staff knows you and you are close to shopping and wonderful choices of dining if you don't dine in the hotel. I highly recommend staying here if you are in NY and want to stay near the shops.	
Jan 27 2007 	Pity the unfamous	While sampling an overnight with my wife in a $600 room1. The beatiful antique french door windows had not been insulated against the 20 degree cold2. At 8:30AM ordering coffee and french pastery, we were told that the hotel had &quot;sold out&quot; They sent two stale muffins and two slices of cold toast The staff we spoke with could not care less. There are a dozen ofwonderful bakeries steps away to replentish stock. We left ASAPGervais and others were staying in the chic spot. Wonder what was said to them	
Jan 21 2007	adored the mercer	Staff were friendly but not obsequious, the room was magnificent, both warm and yet contemporary. We stayed on the 4th floor in a room with a large tub which was lovely, although not necessarily worth the increased room rate. We called to have 2 shirts pressed and were shocked that they not only charged a very low $6 for the service, but arrived within moments of the call and returned the shirts 30min later. The sitting area in the room was perfect for having friends up for a drink prior to dinner. There is no need to eat in the Mercer Kitchen, the food merely average in a city of exceptional restaurants, but the whole menu is available for room service if that's your cup of tea. Breakfast was fine, but again, nothing extraordinary. Would advise walking around the block to Balthazar for cafe au lait and croissants instead. Great location for both restaurants and shopping, though bargains are far and few between.	
Jan 17 2007 	Loved it!	Travelled through canada and america over xmas and new year, spending 7 nights in new york the first 3 nights at The Mercer and the remaining 4 at The Four Seasons, well we wished we had stayed at the Mercer for the whole 7 nights!Staff fantastic in particularly Kelly - emailed her quite a bit before we arrived regarding restaurants/shows and she couldnt have been more helpful. Was just as helpful when we arrived. Concierge and all front desk staff fantastic. Loved Mercer Kitchen although incredibly noisy the night we went! Didnt have breakfast there so cant comment on that. Bar area great after a hard days sightseeing and shopping. Location superb, never been to New York before and after our trip and having stayed then at the Four Seasons by Central park, Soho is by far the best area. great shopping and atmosphere.Room was lovely, if could fault it would say a bit on the small side but it didnt bother us.When compared to our bill at the Four Seasons its not that expensive! and a much better service and attitude. If ever return to NY wont hesitate to stay there. Highly recommend.	
Jan 5 2007 	Very very nice!	I had my reservations about staying here as I had previously stayed at the luxurious Ritz Carlton on Central Park South. At first I was somewhat surprised at how basic the hotel was, ie: decor, but the service and friendliness of the staff took it to a higher level. I would definitely return to The Mercer - it is very central and has some great bars and restaurants nearby.	
Nov 24 2006 	Absolutely fabulous! Couldn't ask for better!!	Wow! That is the best way to describe this hotel. The staff were great, the mini bar is to die for and the room was bright, airy and very sophisticated (read other reviews...all true!). What we liked best was the lobby area, it was really relaxed, great for people watching. Because the lobby is exclusively reserved for guests of the hotel celebrities seem to flock to the mercer in their droves! Well worth the money, we will definately be returning!!	
Nov 21 2006 	Fantastic Service	Spent two nights at this fantastic hotel. The location is excellent - just right for exploring Soho. The hotel has fabulous decor and our room was a great size with everything you would expect and more of a 5 star hotel (the ipod holder clock radio was a great touch)But the best thing about this hotel is the service. The staff couldn't do enough - restaurant bookings, directions etc. I only stay in 5 star hotels and this is the best level of service I have experienced in a long time.Go to the Mercer - there really is nothing to dislike.	
Nov 12 2006	rubbish	If you like wearing sunglasses indoors at 7am then this is for you. If you like paying over the top for a room just because it's in a hip location then this is for you. If you like staying in a hotel where the staff don't give a **** about you or any problem you may occur then this is for you. If you like to feel ripped off and treated like just a number then come here cos you'll love it. But if you've got more sense than money then don't be a fool for the sake of acting cool go elsewhere because apart from the location this place sucks! Honestly if you can afford to stay here then you have stayed at better?	
Nov 2 2006	Great (but expensive) hotel!	Spent a weekend at The Mercer (the same weekend as the next review - probably saw them in the lobby on Sunday!). Check-in was friendly and efficient. In fact, the lady at check-in apologized for a child who was having a tantrum near the check-in desk. She mentioned &quot;Usually it is more quiet&quot;. She was right - the lobby was cool and collected for the rest of the stay.After registration formalities, she personally took us to the room and showed us all the amenities. Stayed in a Studio Room. Room that was perfectly clean and comfortable. Everything worked except one set of blinds would only adjust half-way (not a big problem!). The room had a lot of light and a lot of special touches. There were several candles in the room. Even though there was an ashtray and matches, there was not a hint of smoke in the room (and I'm very picky about that). As others have stated, the mini-bar had the most amazing selection! Also, almost all of the lights and the ceiling fan had small dimmer switches next to the traditional on/off switch, so the adjustments to the numerous lights were endless.The bathtub was wonderful and you could open doors between the bathtub and the bedroom. Plenty of hot water and your choice of bath salts or bubble bath. The tub was noisy when draining and the shower tended to leak water onto the bathroom floor when using the body spray. (Yes, I have to get that picky to say anything critical about this hotel!) Plenty of fluffy towels. Great toiletries in 4 ounce containers. Even mints and condoms.The robes were great as was the cashmere throw. The flat-screen TV was recessed into a nook in the wall so you might just think it was a flat-panel TV. Nice selection of channels, too.For turndown, they put linens on the floor next to the beds and left small bottles of Evian bedside. When we entered the room, they had provided two large bottles of Evian and a great bowl of fruit.The mattress was OK - slept on better and on worse at other hotels.Lots of other thoughtful touches: personalized stationery was delivered a few minutes after check-in; the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was actually a magnet which made it easy to use. The closets were large with great (and abundant) hangers; an umbrella and shopping bag were waiting in the closet. Free internet access at the large Mac in the lobby (but just one computer). No coffee maker in the room.Room service was pricey but very fast and good. As others mentioned, the tuna/wasabi pizza is a good choice.Location is great - Soho is your neighborhood. You're one block from Dean and Deluca (for great edibles) and you can take a shortcut to the hotel through the Prada store (from Broadway) if you encounter rain.I could go on, but you get the idea. Of course, for a hotel where rates start at around $500 a night you expect superb service and a great room. The Mercer delivers!	
Oct 28 2006 	Fantastic locationservicesstaffand facility	Elegant and very low profile,and what a great weekend!. The staff could not have been nicer.The room spotless,sexy layout and accomodations and perfect sized. The best stocked minibar/room gourmet selection I have ever seen.We had Sunday mornig breakfast in the hotel lobby and it felt like someones intimate living room....and the eye candy of people watching was the best ever. The concierge staff got us into the Mercer Grill for dinner Saturday pre theater and a near impossible Sunday brunch reservation at Batheszar.Forget MIdtown for me I will opt for this great neighborhood any time.	
Aug 27 2006 	Very nice hotel in SoHo	We just dropped our daughter off at NYU -- and spent the night before &quot;move-in day&quot; at The Mercer. We really enjoyed the hotel. Great location -- and the rooms and ambience are excellent. Service was also outstanding -- very friendly and responsive. We liked it much better than The W at Union Square (where we stayed during our daughter's NYU summer orientation). This will be our hotel when we visit NYU.	
Aug 16 2006	A CHarm	This is a place to relax and have fun. Very exclusive and nice decoration. The staff is very professional. CLose to nice restaurants and lounges. Right in the middle of SOHO.Great for a weekend getaway with friends.Check out the mercer kitchen.	
Jun 27 2006	Loved the Mercer!!	My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night break at the Mercer and thought it was absoluely fantastic. The hotel is very trendy and the rooms fab. We stayed in a Mercer Room and were pleasantly surprised to find that the room was spacious (unlike some others) and very clean with excellent amenities. Contrary to previous reviews, we found the staff to be very friendly. They were very welcoming and accommodating and happy to assist us with anything we required. The food from the Mercer Kitchen whilst not the cheapest was also very delicious!	
Jun 19 2006	great laid back hotel	loved the mercer. the decor was refreshing, sleek, clean. housekeeping was impeccable. the room service is one of the best i've ever had! very quick too. delicious.although concierge is not like those can-do-anything concierges at some 5 star hotels, the staff did their best to be accomodating and wasn't pretentious at all. all of my requests were satisfied with no problems at all. do relax in the lobby! it's great for people watching. overall a very hip hotel with a casual vibe... loved that they had dvds and internet access.	
May 30 2006	They've really nailed down perfection at the Mercer!	My boyfriend and I just spent a weekend at the Mercer and I just adored our time there. Contrary to what I've read in some of prior reviews, the staff couldn't have been friendlier or more gracious to us at every turn. (When we called the front desk to ask if there were any bath pillows in the hotel, we were told, apologetically, that there were not, but they would go out and get one for us if we wanted!) We loved our beautiful room, the two person bathtub (that they can not promise to reserve in the room category we had, but try to honor upon request). The hotel is a big splurge and the experience felt like a worthy indulgence.	
Feb 17 2006	Highly Recommended	I stayed at the Mercer for four nights in February 2006 (during the blizzard!). It was the best hotel I have stayed in. The location is perfect. The room was lovely and very quiet. The bed was huge and comfortable and you could watch TV from the oversized bath.Room service was friendly and efficient and they provided an extensive menu from the Mercer Kitchen at all hours. Make sure to have the buttermilk pancakes with berries (breakfast) and the delicious pumpkin ravioli.The wireless network worked straightaway and consistently. I was given a username and password on arrival, without having to ask and without having to have an engineer sent up to get it working. This is quite rare in hotels in my experience.There was plenty of storage space. Complimentary bottles of water were brought to your room every night. Everything seemed to have been thought of. The staff were very nice and helpful.The only remotely negative thing was that the TV was a bit difficult to operate, but fine once you got the hang of it.I am definitely going back asap!	
Feb 13 2006 	Beautiful rooms Great location	Perhaps I was just lucky, but I experienced none of the staff attitude issues that other reviewers had. All were extremely helpful and accomodating.The rooms are georgous! And you are right in Soho. An ideal location for boutique shopping.The only negatuve is the hotel sells out quickly - when my flight got cancelled, I had to find another hotel.	
Feb 2 2006	It's true great location and miserable desk clerks	Best location in New York for shopping and dining in a fun hip atmosphere but the attitude of the staff is tough to tolerate. Loved the lunch after shopping in the low key lobby restaurant and the rooms are well appointed and comfortable. A little zttitude adjustment would make this a great spot.	
Jan 5 2006	A comfortable oasis	We stayed at the mercer for a long weekend before christmas. It was our second visit and just as good as the first one. Pros: the great location, comfy beds and bedding, incredible tubs and bathrooms, fun lobby for people-watching. Cons: the staff can be somewhat less than service oriented and you might expect more at these rates. Not that it's any consolation, but we did feel it arose out of sheer ineptitude as opposed to snootiness. Often there is no doorman and no one to hail a cab, often you have to wait quite a while to be served in the lobby and often the staff is rather lacklustre in their approach. Having said that, it still was a great hotel to 'come home to' after a tiring day and we would definitely go back.	
Dec 5 2005 	Love the Mercer	I travel to New York quite a bit and usually stay the Four Seasons. After I found out that they were sold old for the particular period I was interested in, I went with the Four Seasons' recommendation of checking out the Mercer. I would have to say it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Modern without the over-glitziness, cool without the attitude, and a staff made up of (seemingly) people who really want to work in hotels, not actors/models. I could just go on and on but pretty much -- from the time I made the reservation over the phone to saying goodbye to the man, whom seemingly served as my personal concierge for the weekend, at check-out everything was in its place and on point. Will definately be back.	
Dec 5 2005	Mr Crowe had a point	Half the staff are fine, the other half seem to be selected for their pure bloody-mindedness. The location is fantastic. Rooms are funky. But when I heard that the movie star Russell Crowe had attacked a receptionist, I confess my sympathies were with Mr Crowe.	
Oct 31 2005	love love love the mercer!	My husband and I just spent three nights at the mercer and loved it. Our deluxe suite looked over Prince street and was very cool. The bed linen and cashmere throw a nice touch. As was the welcome note and bottle of bordeaux. We had brunch in the lobby (hotel guests only) and it was really good. The eggs benedict the best!The staff were so helpful and accomodating. Service is subtle but perfect. The big bathtub and great Face of Sweden products and candles made getting ready a joy. I loved the minimalist yet comfy styling.My husband (a huge muso.) did not even bring his ipod..just utilized the hotel's cd list. The big flat screen Sony was also nice. My only complaint was regarding the dinner reservation at the mercer kitchen. The food was amazing (wasabi pizza fab.!) but we were put at a little table in the corner by the cloakroom. The waiter was surprised when we mentioned we were guests. My friend, who had made the reservation, had not mentioned we were guests at the hotel. The next day, apologies were made but we had already checked out. Loved having tea and reading the books in the library area. Great people watching and the most perfect location. We will stay there again for sure. Andre Balaczs does a great hotel!We also love the Chateau Marmont in LA. :)	
Oct 3 2005	Really enjoyed the Mercer	Just had a great fall weekend in NYC and found the Mercer to be welcoming,casual,accomodating ....not the least bit snooty....user friendly!Our room , although overlooking Prince Street, was extremely quiet. The room itself was &quot;tight&quot; but well appointed.... comfortable bed and lovely linens, fresh flowers. The bathroom was fabulous with its oversized tub which could be opened up with shutters to the room....abundance of towels, good soft and roomy bathrobes. Room service was prompt, friendly and food good(just had light breakfast). We enjoyed the casual lobby with its library and large selection of magazines with 24 hour service for guests.We had planned our weekend activities mostly in the Soho, Nolita and Greenwich areas....hotel was perfectly located. We may still consider it for our &quot;uptown visits&quot;......good value when you consider the least expensive rooms at the Ritz this weekend were more than double the price....and the Four Seasons fifty percent more!	
Jul 25 2005	Eh	Is the Mercer a nice hotel? Absolutely. Is it one of the top hotels in the city? Not even close. Presumably you are shelling out such high prices for the location and the scene in the lobby (if you're into that sort of thing). But for such high prices the Mercer simply does not hold up in comparison with other NYC hotels. The rooms are nice albeit fairly nondescript. I honestly can't really put my finger on what I don't like about the Mercer. I've stayed there a few times so I'm not going to let the one time somebody knocked on the door when the privacy sign was up really influence my opinion, nor will I worry about the occasional snooty staff member--this happens everyhwere and is usually just an isolated incident. I just think for the money you are spending you are much better off at the Ritz-Carleton, the Mark, or the FourSeasons. If you are that desperate for location, then yes, the Mercer is outstanding. Otherwise, go spend your money elsewhere.	
Jun 22 2005	Ruined for LIfe!	My husband and I stayed at the Mercer on our wedding night, and it was amazing. Since we were flying out early the next morning we only booked a Loft Studio. We were upgraded complimentary to the penthouse suite, and there was a bottle of Veuve waiting for us. This place is so chic and impeccable -- the sheets were plush, a soak in the giant tub so luxurious, the decor slick and gorgeous. We're spoiled for life, as nothing will ever seem as cool as this place. Even though we live in nearby Tribeca, we'll be back for our one year anniversary weekend!	
Jun 14 2005	The most comfortable hotel room ever	My husband and I loved the Mercer because of its location and because of the comfort of the room. Although the decor was a little bland (we know it's supposed to be minimalist), the room was cozy and comfortable. The linens had a high thread count (higher than other hotels that state their linens have a high thread count). The bathrobes and slippers were fabulous. Incredibly soft. Even the bath amenities from Face Stockholm were wonderful. The Vitamin A body lotion and the bath soap were the best. We did not have a bathtub, however. You have to book a more deluxe room for that. The welcome cookies were delicious and flower vase a nice touch. We did not get to interact very much with the staff because we were so busy, but they were all welcoming and attentive. My husband saw Ashley Olsen in the lobby. I missed her, however, because I am like Dana Scully in the X-Files and always miss the sightings. The location was great because it is in the middle of SoHo. My husband brought back pastries and coffee from Balthazar in the mornings. However, the last morning we ordered room service and it was very good. The hotel is also very close to the subway. The reason I did not rate it &quot;excellent&quot; is because of the room decor, lack of bathtub in a basic room, and lack of spa/pool in the hotel (although I believe guests have access to a local health club). Those amenities would have made the hotel perfect (for me). Otherwise, it is a great place to stay in New York and worth the money.	
Jun 7 2005	Hated the Service		
Jan 19 2005	Unforgettably wonderful honeymoon night!		
Dec 16 2004	shame about the ......		
Nov 6 2004	Average Average Average		
Nov 2 2004	Expensive but great location and good service.		
Oct 6 2004	Elegant Cool		
Oct 5 2004	Amazing Weekend at the Mercer		
May 7 2004	THEY BRING YOU BACKGAMMON AT 4:00 AM IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT!		
Sep 13 2003	Weekend at the Mercer		
Jul 2 2003	over-rated		
Sep 15 2009 	Excelente servicio		
Sep 2 2008 	perfetto		
Feb 22 2008 	Hotel très new yorkais		
Jan 1 2008	Accueil froid pour cet hôtel à la mode		
