Oct 18 2009 	The Best Hotel in New York City!	I’ve been traveling to Manhattan for business for about 5-10 hotel nights/year for 25 years and over the years have stayed at many of the big hotels…Grand Hyatt on 42nd St, Marriott at Times Square, The Plaza, The Waldorf Astoria, The Essex House and many others. I discovered the Lombardy 15 hears ago and have stayed there exclusively since then. It is a small boutique hotel on 56th St between Park and Lex. The rooms are enormous by any standard but especially for NYC. Since the building is a co-op, every room is either a studio or one bedroom apt with a kitchen. Since each room is individually owned they are all decorated differently but the décor is controlled centrally by the hotel management. An earlier post complained of the décor looking dated. I disagree…I’ve stayed in probably 15 different rooms and every one of them is professionally decorated, each with different themes. They are all updated on a regular basis. All of the decorating is high-end, custom or semi-custom design and freshly done. In fact, it’s always fun to see what theme you are going to get in any given room. It is absolutely the quietest hotel that I have ever visited. The staff are true professionals and the service level is high. Everything you need to live is within a city block…restaurants, diners, delis, bars, drug store, etc. The subway is 2 blocks away at 54th and Lex. Staying at the Lombardy is like having your own high-end apartment in Manhattan.	
Oct 15 2009 	big for nyc	The Lombardy had rooms that were nicely appointed, and of the size you expect when you visit any where other than NYC. My wife and I stayed one night. We came in by train, arriving in grand central. Its walking distance to the hotel, which was nice. You can also walk to the park, or towards the shopping on 5th. Great location. Beds were comfy, good shower, and a nice TV, but who'd ever turn it on when you've got all the attractions of NYC outside? The continental breakfast was free, nothing special there. Staff was helpful, and the bar was good too. Nothing's cheap in NYC, so be prepared.	
Oct 4 2009 	Awesome Hotel	No Breakfast and Really bad restaurantBUTGreat service and very nice bedroom. Very Comfortable beds!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Value Great Location	We would stay here again despite the few minuses.Pros:• Clean and comfortable• Spacious Room w/large flat screen TV• Kitchenette w/microwave, range &amp; refrigerator• Great location, only three blocks from subway• Large closet• Great value for the moneyCons:• Smallish bathroom in need of new wallpaper and paint• Ubiquitous New York blasé attitude from staff	
Jun 24 2009 	Delightful!	My husband and I stayed at The Lombardy because a friend recommended it. We booked a room for 2 for a whirlwind 2 day, one night stay. We were given a huge room that was a relaxing, elegant respite from all our scurrying around during the day. The staff was lovely. Everyone was helpful and friendly. And dinner across the street (also recommended) at the Montebella was divine. What fun we had!	
Jun 11 2009 	For the price of a room you get a suite. Why stsy anywhere else?	This is the only hotel I would consider staying at in NYC. Where else can you get a 900 sq.ft. suite for the $369 in the city?Although the style and furnishings of the suites vary we have not had anything other than very good suites in the last four times we have stayed.The position is excellent (you can even walk to the theatre district in about 30 minutes).Only downside is that the fan on air con in our suite was noisy if on 'high' but then I would not visit NYC in the summer anyway as it is too hot and humid then.	
Mar 20 2009 	The Lombardy Hotel is Great!!!	I have stayed twice at the Lombardy hotel this past year. Both times the hotel has been part of making my trip a wonderful experience.The Lombardy first of all has an excellent location. It is a central, classy and clean area. There are numerous sights within walking distance as well as an abundance of great restaurants. It feels safe to walk the area alone at night time and secure to stay in the hotel.The rooms are spacious and clean. I found hotel service excellent. One is not paying for any extras, but the hotel offers all you need with class.When I go back to New York, I will definitely stay at the Lombardy again!	
Feb 17 2009 	Stay Away!	The room was spacious for New York. Our money was stolen from our room when the room was getting serviced $7500!! later the money automatically showed up when the police were called to investigate. Management wasnt even willing to compensate 1 cent to our make up for the our honeymoon being ruined, not even a formal apology..would not recommend!!!! Stay away!	
Jul 22 2008	great new york stay!	We stayed at the Lombardy for 2 nights. the location is great- two blocks from tons of shopping and restaurants. the service was really good- we were upgraded to a suite!. My only complaint was that we wished the front desk was a bit more knowledgable on restaurants both in the area and outside of midtown but overall we loved staying here and plan to return. It is very reasonably priced, good amenities, clean and convenient. After a long day in Manhatten it is nice to return to a comfortable, friendly and clean hotel!	
Nov 11 2007	Overall one of the best places to stay in Manhattan	We are here for the second time..having stayed here for 6 weeks last year. Place is fantastic..and a real bargain..especially the monthly rates. Much depends on the room you actually get as they are all individually owned and some are nicer,,,much nicer than others! The location can't be beat if you want to move around all of Manhattan...as it is smack in the center of everything, close enough for most of what you will likely want to access while here. Highly recommend it......just be sure to enquire which suite you are assigned..and if you don't like it.....see if they will move you...they generally will if possible, notwithstanding the other comment I read submitted by another guest...it is a 10 out of 10 in our book! Arnie and Susan	
Jul 22 2007 	Excellent Hotel Nice Respite	I am in the middle of my stay at the Lombardy, and have found it to be a gem in the middle of faceless Midtown. The staff is very knowledgeable and attentive, but laid back and not in your face. The room is quite clean and inviting. The rooms all have different decor since they're all decorated by different owners, so I got to choose my style among the available rooms. Worked out very well for me - very convenient, street fair right around the corner. I highly recommend it.	
May 3 2007 	The RUDEST STAFF EVER	The hotel itself is medicre, bedding and furnishings are clean, but dated. The biggest problem is the service. The front desk manager could not have been ruder and insensitive. We arrived for a 3 nite stay with difficulty finding the reservation. 20 minutes later the found it, then checked us in to what had to have been the equivilent of a cleaning closet. I understand New York rooms for the most part are small, but this was small and smelled. When we called the front desk and spoke with the manager, he claimed there were no other rooms for the entire stay. I call ed around and found the LONDONNYC available - a new hot hotel for the same price - 425.00 per nite. Since it was early in the day - 4pm, I called the manager again and advised we found another hotel since they were unable/unwilling to accomodate a room change. He advised that not only would he not permit a credit for the check out, but we would still have to pay for the three nites since we were within cancellation. I told him, if nothing else we would only be charged for the first nite not all three. In the end he was a disgusting person, forcing us to stay in the dump of a room with no recoarse. We are waiting for a response from the General Manager, but have yet to hear from him.	
Feb 26 2006	Needs updating and an interior designer	Came to Manhattan for a few days of fun, shopping, eating and enjoying the city. Decided to stay at the Lombardy because my Dad said it was a great location which it is. But the rooms look just awful or at least mine did. My husband and I walked into our room and we both looked at each other because it looked like we were in a time warp. The furniture and design looked like something out of a very ugly apartment from 1972. It looked absolutly nothing like the brochure or it's description. Marble bathrooms the brochure states... It has not a shred of marble. The room cost 245.00 a night but with all of the state taxes 300.00. There was no ventilation or fresh air in the room and when I looked into the old heater it had mounds and mounds of gunk on it and we had to breathe it in all night. I was unable to wear my contact lens the next morning because my eyes could not breathe. This hotel is more of an apartment for people working in the city part-time. It is in no way luxurious it's rather a no-frills hotel. The people who run the desk and doormen were nice and very helpful and polite and I did not have the heart to tell them that I was checking out the next morning because their hotel was ugly and dirty looking. I just checked out and found a new hotel that was the same exact price and was magnificent also in a great location. It also included breakfast each morning that was fit for a queen or king. The name of that hotel is the Benjamin Hotel on E 50th across from the Waldorf.	
Sep 10 2005	Wonderful find in New York City	We just spent 2 nights at the Lombardy starting on Labor Day. Since each room has different owners, we had no idea what we would find. Rented a 1 bedroom apartment. It was spacious, clean, modern and just delightful. A full service hotel with turn down service, elevator operator, doorman, etc. Only thing missing was an on site restaurant, but there is one next door. There are also many nice restaurants nearby for breakfast, plus room service available from a nearby restaurant. But all rooms, either studio room, or 1 bedroom have a small kitchen as well. Summer special price was well worth it!	
Aug 4 2005	Comfortable stay at the Lombardy	We just spent four nights in a one bedroom suite at The Lombardy Hotel. The location ( E. 56th between Lexington and Park ) was great for walking to wonderful shopping, the theatres, restaurants, the museums, and Central Park. The rooms were over 800 sq. ft. in size and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Each apartment is individually owned, so the decor would vary. Our unit was very nice--the bed was so comfortable I had trouble getting up and going in the mornings! Our bath was small, but adequate, and we received fresh towels twice a day. The kitchenette was also tiny, but who wants to cook in NYC? Our air conditioner was noisy, otherwise our rooms were very quiet. We paid $275 per night. We did not have a meal at the Table xII restaurant which opens into the hotel, but it was very attractive and cozy.If you're looking for safe ,spacious, attractive quarters and don't need all the extra amenities of a large hotel, give The Lombardy a try. I think you'll like it!	
Sep 24 2009 	fabuloso		
Aug 11 2009 	Un estancia muy agradable		
Jun 5 2009 	??????????		
Aug 24 2008 	natale a new york		
