Nov 18 2009 	Went for the Spa	I went to the spa for a discounted service they were promoting in during the winter and the spa/salon was extremely busy. They have you change in their tiny men's locker/shower/bathroom and come out in public wearing a robe. They have you sit in a public &quot;relaxation&quot; room where I ended up sitting next to 2 strangers wearing robes too! I felt embarrassed and uncomfortable. So as I got picked up by the therapist, you have all these salon clients walking in and out of the salon and looking at you wear your robe. I felt even more embarrassed, not to mention rude in front of so many woman! I didn't like the way they has me setup, but the massage I had there was great. Their massage therapist Lilly was fanominal. Except the prices for the services there. They were somewhere around $175 or so for a 60min massage. I was a little icky about that. But overall the spa was a little uncomfortable and disturbing, but the service i received was great!	
Oct 13 2009 	Classic Hotel	The Carlyle is really like a New York institution on the Upper East Side. Judy Collins was playing at the bar during our stay, Woody Allen's Jazz band plays Monday nights and it's really just full of old school New York history.From the elevator attendants to the impeccable service, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.Granted, for any older hotel, there will be some imperfections starting to show. Our room was a bit outdated but still very nice. The bathroom was fabulous, including the Kiehls products, which for me, were a bonus, and compared to other hotels that I've stayed in while in Manhattan, this was by far the largest room i've ever stayed in.For a touch of class in your New York experience, the Carlyle is a great option.	
Sep 13 2009 	Retro New York Experience	The Carlyle is indeed a throw back to another era. That being said it is not for everybody, but if you value personalized service with a unique and classy atmosphere then this hotel is for you.The Carlyle is also a residential building which has hotel rooms right next to residential apartments. For example, the only complaint I had was that next to our room was a residential apartment where the tenant had a small dog that barked several times during the night. Enough to wake one up though. Also the pooch barked incessantly for about 10 minutes at 6am which is not what one would expect to experience here.The room was dated but vey comfortable. You definitely have the feeling you are in a private residence. It had a large throw rug over hardwood floors. Some of the moldings were beat up and the grate below the a/c unit was falling off. If you can live with these kind of things than you will be OK. Do not expect a Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental experience with the rooms. The bathroom was marble and full of mirrors, also a bit dated but very clean with fresh orchids in a bud vase. Also the toiletries were all Kiehl's products. That being said the service in the hotel was very good. The staff were very respectful and unobtusive without the slightest bit of attitude. The lobby is a gorgeous art deco throwback to another era with black marble floors that sparkle. Everything seemed very fresh and clean. The restaurant is quite formal and they require jackets at dinner but it too is a gorgeous room with fresh flowers everywhere. There are casual rooms to dine in as well which are adjacent to the restaurant. The hotel bar is also very nice. And the supper club Cafe Carlyle looked very nice. The restaurants and bars seem to have come straight from the 40s. Think &quot;Stork Club&quot; ambiance. Like I said this is not for everyone but if you enjoy this atmosphere you will love this place.	
Sep 12 2009 	Will not choose the Carlyle for our next stay in NYC.	My husband and I have travel all around the world and have stayed at the most elegant and exquisite hotels. We read about the Carlyle in Conde Naste Magazine (fairly reliable source). We arrived around 8:00 p.m. and expected to be briefed on the amenities’ of the hotel (Spa, fitness center, restaurant, complimentary house car, etc.,). We checked in and were left to explore the hotel on our own. We had to call down to the front desk to ask what time breakfast was served, where it was located, where the fitness room was etc.,. Very poor delivery from the beginning. We checked into our room 4 hours after check in to find the maid still servicing our room. Our room had a lovely view of the city, but was outdated and the paint on the ceiling of the bathroom was peeling. The daily breakfast buffet was adequate and offered a variety of items. The only redeeming quality was the concierge who was able to get us into all of the restaurants (Gramercy Tavern, Babbo, and Blue Hill)that we wanted to eat at (we did schedule 2 months in advance ). Bottom line: hotel was nothing special and lacked the service and quality that we are accustomed to. Next time I will pay more to stay at the Four Seasons.	
Sep 3 2009 	The classy Carlyle	The hotel is in a brilliant location, with gorgeous views over the park. We had a lovely room spacious, comfortable, good facilities. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The drinks in the hotel were good, but my favorite was 5 o&quot;clock tea. I think it is the best in New york!!! The hotel was clean &amp; tidy.Carlyle takes the prize for classiest hotel in town.We really enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 26 2009 	Stayed here with our wedding party and it was the best ever!	My fiancee and I stayed here at our recent wedding in New York. We were upgraded to a two-bedroom, three-bathroom suite with a massive living room and balcony that overlooks Madison Avenue. The suite was perfection down to every detail -- the Steinway grand piano, the fireplace, down-filled sofas, flatscreen TVs in every room, etc. The walls must be thick there, because our suite was silent and serene.The staff, from the Guest Experience Manager down to the bellhops, went above and beyond to make our stay the most memorable I have had (and I've stayed at a good number of 5-star hotels around the world). We were greeted by personal notes from the hotel manager. They sent up bottles of champagne for us and our wedding party. The night of our wedding, we found our pillowcases embroidered with my and my wife's *new* initials!I should also add that we were sharing the hotel with French President Sarkozy, his wife Carla Bruni, and Sir Paul McCartney, among others. I had a special moment when I ended up in the hotel's small gym, alone except for President Sarkozy, his wife and their trainer! Talk about a star sighting.I can't imaging how our experience there could have been better. It is an old-school, classy - and classic - luxury hotel in Manhattan and it lives up to its reputation as one of the best.	
Jul 18 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We stayed at the Carlyle on our wedding night. It was amazing. We looked at numerous hotels in the city, and I've stayed in many luxury hotels, and this one took the cake. I loved the old New York feel; the lobby is beautiful, the room was gorgeous (I booked a superior room, and the upgraded us to a superior suite without us even having to ask when I told them it was our wedding), with dark hard wood floors and light plush furniture, was very comfortable and HUGE for NY standards with tons of closets, 2 marble bathrooms, a kitchen, living room and very large bedroom with an incredibly comfortable bed (and I am very picky about beds). My girls and I ordered lunch while getting ready and it was delivered very quickly and was good. The concierge and bell hops were attentive and the service was very fast and polite, despite the fact that the President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, was also staying at the hotel, which I thought might cause them to pay less attention to us. Quite the contrary, they were fabulous and so nice. We ate breakfast in the Gallery (Eggs Benedict) and it was super romantic and also one of the best hollandais sauces I've had. Thank you so much for making our wedding day, night and next morning so special! We couldn't have been happier.	
Jul 3 2009 	As classy as it gets	This may not be the hotel with the biggest rooms or most hi-tech amenities, but the Carlyle takes the prize for classiest hotel in town. Impeccable concierges, white-gloved elevator operators, marble lobby with fresh roses, jazz shows at the famed Café Carlyle, Kiehls toiletries... I dunno... where do I begin? I just love the Carlyle, even though my room this time was small and had noview...	
Jun 15 2009 	Lovely	We stayed here for three nights in a superior apartment.The room was very large with plenty of storage space. We were facing the courtyard which we did not particularily mind, as it meant a quiet room, or so I thought! The noise from the air conditioner unit was very loud.The apartment had fresh flowers in, the toiletries were kiehl's, the towels fluffy, all in all a wonderful stay.One thing that really did spoil it was on our last day, in the morning the maid knocked on our door, and without actually blatantly asking for a tip, it was as bad as, she kept asking if the room was up to our standard, which of course it was, nevertheless we did not expect the maid to knock on the door and blatantly ask for a tip. The hotel should train their staff a bit better!In the 21st century and in the USA I did expect the hotel to provide complimentary wifi, but was dissapointed that it did not. I can not remember the price of connecting, but it was expensive.Room service was a ridiculous price, almost $25 for a pot of coffee, the mini bar prices were unbelievable, a small bottle of water was around $9 (you can get a large bottle of exactly the same brand for $2 in the local shops!)The Carlyle has an understated elegance, and definitly worth the stay.	
May 27 2009 	Do not book in after 6pm!	Arrived at 8:30pm, booked through Expedia and unfortunately arrived on a day when the hotel was full so we ended up spending our first night in the last room available which was tiny - having booked a deluxe room - which is 50m2 in the brochure we ended up in a 12' x 12' nightmare of a room. Bing an Expedia client we were bottom of the barrel. We were upgraded to premier room the next day for another three nights but am afraid the damage has been done and after visiting The Carlyle a number of times I cannot face another experience like the one I just had. I missed a whole morning and lunchtime changing rooms or rather waiting to change rooms. Stupid front desk staff who tried to tell me that it had a lovely view in the room the size of a closet - when infact if you sit down you see nothing. Make sure you ring ahead a ask for a lower floor where rooms are much larger and have rooms over Madison Ave.	
May 24 2009 	Can't Beat The Carlyle!	This hotel is without doubt one of the best places to stay in New York and for sure the Upper East Side. The hotel looks large on the outside but feels so intimate on the inside. From the moment you walk in the lobby on 76th Street, you are transformed into a world of &quot;old money' elegance. The lobby staff is right on the bit and is so welcoming. The concierge is extremely helpful securing restaurant reservations and theatre tickets. The Carlyle Restaurant is the next location where whether you want breakfast, lunch or dinner, perfection is what you get on a plate. The setting is to die for! Then, the Gallery is the perfect place to take afternoon tea. It is not showy like the Plaza's Palm Court or the Pierre's Rotunda. The Benelman's Bar is very intimate and a perfect place for a drink before or after a night a the theatre or a nice dinner. Now to the room part, we always stay in various suites. They are so tastefully decorated and spacious. The new Sense spa is great for a massage as well. The Carlyle is a prime example of a typical New York luxury hotel. When you stay there it feels like you live there. Within walking distance to Polo Ralph Lauren, the Met, and many other incredible Madison Avenue boutiques.	
May 21 2009 	Incredible staff dated decor	The staff at the Carlyle is as good as any staff in any hotel in the world. The location is amazing -- steps from Central Park in one of the most expensive neighborhoods in NYC. We had fresh flowers, linens, lovely toiletries, and delicious food. It's a special treat. But the rooms are showing their age, with very traditional decor (think your wealthy grandmother's house.) At this price level, I expect up to date furnishings, and a spacious bathroom. While the bathrooms have been renovated, they are as small as I've had in hotels costing one-third as much. The hotel would need a renovation before I could give it all five stars.	
Apr 17 2009 	Quiet elegant--stuffy snobby	We checked into the Carlyle after noting the special rates that Rosewood Hotels was offering at several of its hotels. Check in was quick and we were escorted into our &quot;upgraded&quot; superior room with a courtyard view. Decent sized room and closets but tiny bathroom with nice Kiehl's amenities. Comfy bed and pillows made our stay pleasant. The hotel itself has a lovely bar and restaurant and I can see how this hotel would be a nice place for someone to stay who wants a discreet hotel in the city. The location is quiet ....near the Met and the Whitney and mostly small, upscale shops along Madison. On the downside, it's time for the Carlyle to update their rooms and retire the elevator operator. It felt stodgy and old and could use refurbishment...it felt snobby and stuffy. I don't think I'll be back...certainly not in these economic times.	
Mar 23 2009 	thank you Carlyle for checking our bags when the Met Museum wouldn't	After the Metropolitan Museum wouldn't let us check our suitcases (they said they were too bigt) &amp; turned us away, the Carlyle several blocks away let us do it instead.	
Mar 18 2009 	Old Dame needs a re-do	We chose to stay at the Carlyle based on what we had heard, beautiful and old! This hotel would have been great 10-20 years ago but didn't think so today. First off, location is mediocre. The only thing of interest within walking distance was the head Ralph Lauren and Met Museum. Secondly, service was ok. The concierge were very helpful and polite but the front desk were snooty and housekeeping totally useless. The room, had a two bedroom suite, on a high floor and could see the Park but very old and on the smaller side. The dining room was beautiful for dinner but rather bad value. Expensive as other restaurants such as La Grenouille which have much better dinners. The Gallery was nice for afternoon tea, certainly better than the Plaza's Palm Court but the best is still the St Regis' Astor Court! Would go back if they had a major renno!	
Feb 20 2009 	Unprofessional new manager and rude head of housekeeping	I have stayed in some of the finest hotels all over the world including the Peninsala and Shangri-la in Hong Kong as well as the Savoy in London and the Hotel Crillon in Paris. The new manager at the Carlyle, Georg Unseld, is unprofessional, and the head of housekeeping, Leigh Gansburg, is the epitome of rudeness. Both employees misled me and outright lied to me. They both have zero integrity, and as long as they are both employed by the Carlyle, I will never step foot in the hotel again.	
Jan 7 2009 	A haven in New York City	I had always wanted to stay at the Carlyle, home to the Cafe Carlyle, one of my favorite secrets in New York, and home to so many interesting international visitors. This past summer, a fluke on the internet took me to the French hotels.com website where I was able to book a room at the Carlyle for a fantastic price!!! (A price not seen before or after..) Pure heaven. Huge room, so very comfortable, so well-appointed. Kiehl products in the bath. Across the street from Zitomer's, and the Cafe Carlyle just downstairs for meeting friends. What a wonderful trip to New York at the Carlyle!	
Sep 9 2008	Decent Hotel	Stayed here during US Open; I was lucky to get the player rate (~$300), otherwise, if I had paid full price ($800) my review may not have been so upbeat. The Carlyle is in a cute section of town, with many high end boutiques within walking distance (Vera Wang, Marc Jacobs, etc...). The room was very nice, great shower, large tub, polite staff. My group had a laugh about the itty bitty elevators, and the fact that there was an attendant in each of the four separate shafts. &quot;So THIS is where the $$ from the rooms is going!&quot;I didn't spend much time in the hotel itself, but it was fun to rub shoulders with ATP and WTA players in the lobby or in passing. On a side note, my wallet, camera, and cell phone were stolen one night while I was @ a club. I returned to Carlyle around 4am, and the staff was very kind to me. The desk attendant walked me to the &quot;business center&quot; so I could access the internet, and had the security officer visit me as well.	
Aug 25 2008	Mediocre/Bad... Disappointing	I would not go back here. Very stuffy and most of the staff need to be fired for lack of caring. The room (Deluxe One Bedroom Suite) was spacious but ancient in terms of amenities and furniture. The Dining Room was beautiful for dinner though, and the dinner staff were top notch. The bar was old but nice. It is a ok location (77th and Madison) while next time I would rather try the Mark (up one block and across the street).	
Aug 8 2008 	Fantastic but snobby.	I stayed at the Carlyle over my 21st birthday last year, and it was an extremely beautiful, old NYC place to stay. Now, I've been to NYC 4 times and on no occasion have I ever expected huge rooms. The people who expect big rooms to go with their big prices shouldn't have such high expectations in NYC, unless you're staying at The Plaza or rent an apartment. That's just the way it is in this city.However, on arrival, (my partner and I at the time were checking in) we were told that they required a credit card - 'standard practice,' we thought...No.We were subsequently informed that we had not paid. I told them very politely that, yes infact the bill had been covered way beforehand as this was my birthday and we wanted no hassle with the room. Whilst they faffed around behind the desk, we retreated to the seating area very embarrassed and were taken into the bar finaly by an over-compensating manager who told the barman to 'look after us' and said the first round of drinks would be complimetary. No such luck, this was on our bill when we went to check out after our stay.Anyway, this was all sorted out and it turned out they had put a lovely birthday suprise/cake/amenities in our room for me on my father's request so that was something nice to have. However, what I was NOT pleased with was that the reason why our check in had revealed we 'hadn't paid.' Their excuse was that their accounts dept. had not transferred the information that we had actually paid. Thanks. Absolutely ridiculous when you consider it's a 5* hotel.So, among the strangeness was a REALLY loud minibar which we had to turn off every night, some food got taken out of our room that was in a brown bag that you couldn't see into and clearly NOT trash, and after we complained about this, we were given lots of things out of the minibar to have for free but they then appeared on our bill too which we refused to pay for. How hard is it to leave a note on our statement?But the stay was infact really nice apart from these things! The room and bed was extremely comfy. View was good too.Anyway, just beware of the seemingly variable service.	
Jul 14 2008 	Perfection	We just returned from a weekend at the Carlyle. I do not understand the negative reviews. This hotel is splendid in all categories. The service was perfectly polished and detailed, the best we ever received at any hotel. All the facilities were exceptionally clean. We got engaged over the weekend. When I made the reservation through Rosewood’s toll free reservations system, they asked me if there was any special occasion for the trip. I mentioned that I was going to get engaged during our stay. The reservations agent replied that that was nice. There was no further discussion of it and I did not make any special requests. Upon check in, the hotel clerk (Michaela) pleasingly welcomed us by name, stated that they had been expecting our arrival and announced that they had a nice upgrade for us to one of the tower rooms with a spectacular view. We were taken up the elevators by one of their elevator attendants, accompanied by a bellman that opened the door to a spacious corner room with a view of southerly view of Madison Avenue on one side and the entire span of Central Park on the other side. There was a chilled bottle of complimentary champagne, complete with rose petals, a handwritten note from the hotel manager, and luscious chocolate covered strawberries, on the hutch. This was the beginning of a wonderful stay in which no detail was overlooked. Every time we left our room or moved about the public spaces, we were greeted by a staff member graciously asking whether we were enjoying our stay and whether there was anything they could do for us.The concierge made a number of excellent recommendations. After we had returned from a disappointing evening at the Rainbow Grill, the concierge, Javier I believe, welcomed us back and escorted us into the bar and made sure we had the most comfortable seat. He congratulated us on our engagement and immediately sent us two complimentary glasses of champagne. We had not told Javier about the engagement and yet, he (and all the other staff members we encountered) was aware of it. Remember, this was all because of the brief exchange I had with the reservations agent at Rosewood. I took advantage of the fitness center which is a temporary room while they renovate and expand their spa and fitness center, which will be complete in September. Even the temporary arrangement was more than satisfactory. Three new Cybex treadmills with attached TV’s and a few Stairmasters and dumbbells. I suspect the new facility will be outstanding. The fitness center has an attendant ready to address any need that may arise during the workout. Finally, we requested a tour of some of the other rooms. Kelly from Guest Services took us on a 15 minute tour of some of the other rooms. All rooms were tastefully and gracefully appointed and all had unique layouts. Kelly was informative, pleasant and welcoming. Like all the other staff, she made us want to stay only as Rosewood properties wherever we go! Regrettably, we did not take any meals in the dining room. It was beautiful and I’ve no doubt the service there is perfect. Next trip we’ll be sure to try it.All told, it was a fabulous stay in a historically-significant hotel. Unlike some of the other hotels on the Upper West Side such as the Plaza, Waldorf and St. Regis, this hotel does not have a touristy feel	
Jun 23 2008	Charming but a little outdated	Every hotel in the city was sold out that night and even was the Carlyle if you contacted them directly. I found a rate of 795+taxes on expedia and just booked it for a superior room. The first impression was a little weird because the outside in sunder contruction. You could tell it was a nice place though by the view of Mercedes S550's and Maybach's outside. Once I walked in, it was a beautiful lobby. The staff at the front was as nice as can be. Honestly, they were amazingly friendly and glad to have us. The room was definetly not the best as it was verrrrrry OLD looking on the inside and you could tell it was a classy place but it definetly needed some remodernizing. The room size itself was not bad however the bathroom was beyond cramped and the water spilled everywhere from the shower. The side closet was kind of weird because it was decorated so ugly and standard with a safe on top of a luggage rack. The toiletries were great, they were Kiehl's. The lines were Frette and the towels were awesome from Paris which they have their own store downstairs. Overall, I can tell the hotel has tremendous potential it just needs a good pick me up. They can still keep the old New York feel, but add the modern luxuries that the other 5 star hotels amongst New York City have.	
Jun 20 2008 	Traditional. The best.	For us, the Carlyle has been and still is the best hotel in NY, and in many cities.It is a traditional hotel, they always tried to keep the hotel's roots, even if it means you’ll not be staying in a modern, non-personal, 500 room hotel.This stay should be about enjoying the first quality service given by all the staff. They are committed to give you the best time. It’s remembering the best hotels in Europe when we were small and traveling with our parents.The rooms are small if you are staying in the regular rooms, but we’ve have stayed in the most beautiful room as well, that you feel you are a guest in someone's home.I love how they handled the situation when the air conditioner in our room wasn’t cooling very much (very hot summer). They changed our rooms immediately and send us a bottle of wine, followed by a bottle of champagne, and a note to ensure we were happy in our room. The next day a phone call followed by Ms. Hanus, just assuring we where enjoying our stay.So this hotel is for known travelers who enjoy and appreciate the details in a very traditional and sophisticated hotel. We are very happy and hope we can come back soon!	
Apr 23 2008 	Mixed Feelings	We are members of the American Express Platinum Travel. We got a rate of $467 for a superior room with breakfast. Usually the room is about $800 a night so we took the deal. Checking in was very nice at around 10 pm. The clerk was helpful and friendly. When a celebrity checked in behind us we thought we had made the right choice. also note many famous stars own residences at this hotel so if you sit in the lobby you are guaranteed to see someone. Our feelings changed when we went to or rooms. They were diminutive but doable. However the non-smoking floor smelled like cigarettes. They gave us an air purifier but we still smelled smoke the entire time. Then when my wife stepped on a tooth pick an hour into our stay and had blood gushing out of her foot, the hotel sent an ambulance to our room. They seemed to care but later left. If the room cleaning service would have been five star, this would not have happened. They also wanted to charges us for breakfast even though our plan included it. So after a small talk, they took it off our bill. The concierge didn't know that much and gave us consistently wrong information. The door man was pleasant. The breakfast was very tasty and pleasant as well. Maybe the problem was that all the priests and cardinals of the pope were staying there at the same time. I don't really know. When you pay five star prices you should get five star service.	
Apr 14 2008 	Grande Dame how far you have fallen	Well, the Carlyle spends a lot of time telling you how exclusive it once was and showing pictures of all the famous people who have stayed there. Obviously it was another time before hotels became luxury properties and standards went up. When we checked in I asked that rollaways be put in the living room of our suite for my two children. They assured me this would be done right away. We went out to dinner and I stopped by the front desk and made the request again, and asked that it be done by the time we returned from dinner. When we returned they were still not there, and I made the request a third time. Finally I had to call a fourth time -- four hours after my original request - and basically tell them I would get better service at a holiday inn before they responded. They said they got the wrong room, filled my room with wine, 3 dozen roses, fruit, and free passes to the madeline tea. We decided to take them up on the offer of a 'free tea' -- easily the worst food and atmosphere (with the exception of beautiful drawings on the walls by the artist who illustrated the madeline books) of any tea in nyc. I would have thought they would have tried hard to make it work! They took forever to wait on us, and then brought us the wrong items. Then they apologized for bringing us the wrong food, and said they would fix it. We left 10 minutes later, still not served correctly. The 'tea' I ordered was inedible. The bed was the most uncomfortable I have stayed on in many years, and the couch in the living room looked like it should be sent to goodwill. When we originally checked in they kept telling us that they upgraded our suite to one with a Steinway grand piano -- needless to say we didn't need that with our 5 and 7 year old. The management bent over backwards to give us a wonderful stay, but the hotel is just way past its prime, and cannot compete with the newer hotels in new york. They were great at making big promises, and bad at execution. For the prices they are charging, I would have expected more. And I got it for less when I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott JFK before the next leg of our journey. Sad, but true -- better linens and a better bed...	
Apr 10 2008 	Trendy -- but not quite magnificent	I recently won a competition for a three night stay at the Carlyle in April. It is based on Madison avenue - perfect location with plenty of Taxi service nearby, central park literally a minutes walk away and the subway two blocks up on Lexington ave (a metro system that you can learn very quickly!)Ideal for people with alot of cash as fashion boutiques are just around the corner but for the cash strapped you may have to walk further downtown!Excellent view from my 12th floor room of the tops of buildings and the city scene below. 'Nice room' that I stayed in (room 1206) nothing wrong with it in the slightest - however, I am not sure whether it is because I won the room and therefore they might have given us the most basic available - but I would not pay c.$700 a night for it. Was nice though - with a kingsize bed and a chic bathroom with surround mirrors!The staff were friendly enough - but I suggest that boils down to indevidual characterists - i.e. some of the porters would have a friendly chat with you in the &quot;elevator&quot; and others would merely mumble &quot;hello&quot; -- which is better than a kick in the teeth! Ooh, don't be fooled, being a five star hotel you'd expect a swimming pool and jacuzzi -- they don't have anything like that. It's not essential anyway, but don't worry about assuming they would have a swimming pool and pack swim wear!	
Feb 26 2008 	Oasis of calm in the big apple	This is a fantastic hotel with consistently amazing service from every member of staff. I have stayed here twice and thoroughly enjoyed my stay and felt truly pampered, The style is traditional and rooms are very well equipped.The location in upper east is 1` block from Central Park and is away from the touristic hustle bustle in midtown.Highly Reccomended for special treats!	
Feb 22 2008 	The jury's still out...	We stayed at the hotel for two nights in celebrating Valentine's day and my birthday.The hotel itself is beautiful, very old New York. The staff was great, the restaurant and bar were lovely and the service was top notch. The food was Ok, but the ambiance and the service kinda make up for it.Stayed at the one bedroom suite. The decor was very classy, old antique style, but I have to say on some areas it looks very outdated. The bathroom definitely could use some updating too.However, the linens were wonderful.This is one of the very few times where I visited a hotel and not quite sure how I feel about it. I don't love this hotel but I don't mind it either. I guess I had higher expectations, mostly due to the Carlyle reputation.But overall, it was not a bad stay.	
Feb 9 2008 	Superb service subtle elegance	I spent four nights in a 1 bedroom suite. I had first booked a Superior Room, but upon arrival found it too small for my needs, so I upgraded right away, with gracious assistance from management. The suite was quietly luxurious, with very comfortable bed, lovely linens, etc. It was so quiet it was hard to believe I was in nyc. The service during my entire stay was truly superb, from the front desk to the housekeeper. They are discrete, but warm, and very competent. I find this increasingly rare in hotels and what a joy to find it here. I also disagree with an earlier reviewer, who complained about the manned elevators - I like them, not just for the extra service, but for security. Only complaint is cost of all the small things - I spent a few hundred dollars on bottled water before I realized the price. A simple breakfast ran around $50. The hotel also lacks a spa, which they are now planning. They sent an outside person to my room to do a pedicure - it was just fair, and $150. Ouch. But these things did not detract from my overall experience - life should always go as smoothly as it does when you're a guest at the Carlyle.	
Oct 28 2007 	v.poor value small tired overpriced rooms	Reasonably high expectations but v.dissapointed. $700 + $100 in taxes a night for a very small Room with no view and dark is a rip-off. It was clean but old wardrobes and bedroom furniture. Very small and cramped bathroom with keihls toiletaries. Elevators have operators but they are small and slow. Bemelmans bar expensive but nice. Cafe Carlyle small, nice decor, Woody Allen a waste of money and all in all $600 for hear Woody and have a poor meal was a complete rip-off. Stayed in a lot of NYC hotels this was the worst. This is not a complaint against the staff who were fine, but really against a tired, shabby old hotel that is living on some historic reputation but really needs a complete refurb.	
Sep 13 2007 	Great Service. Great rooms. Great place for mother-daughter trips...	I stayed at the Carlyle back in July for a mother-daughter trip.This was during a time when most hotels in NYC were booked for a shoe convention.I called about 1 a.m. in the morning (I was to depart from RDU at 7 a.m.) and they found a room for me.It was awesome.It was more of an apartment than a hotel room.As my mother and I didn't want to get on each other's nerves, we really needed our space.We stayed in a suite that had two bathrooms, one large bed room, a living room and two closets.The staff was awesome. When my mother and I went for a walk and didn't want to carry the umbrella for the next few blocks, we handed it to the door man, who said that he'd make sure that it'd be in the room. It was.Also, you are welcomed with a platter of fresh fruit, cheese and truffles. Wonderful presentation!Also, the breakfast was awesome. My mother is still talking about hte blueberry muffins. They have a type of crust on the top. The coffee was great too. We stayed at the hotel for about five days; so folks started to know who we were.We also had tea there too. There's a quaint tea room off from the main lobby.I had only a couple of issues:1. I think guests should get a break on paying cover charge at the restaurant/bar. We enjoyed a great jazz performance in the main lounge. 2. The concierge desk was always super busy. They needed more than one person handling things. Also, this isn't a good place to get Broadway tickets. Apparently, if you book it through them, it'll cost you almost three-times the rate. The concierge explained that there is an additional charge for booking tickets through the hotel. We found it easier just to go to the box office and get the tickets ourselves.Also, this hotel is in a super quiet neighborhood. I didn't feel like I was in a city. And the hotel did a wonderful job of making sure that the drapes and the shades were extra thick to block out the sun.Mom and I also walked to the local museums - The Whitney is right in the neighborhood. And of course shopping on Madison.I loved the white glove service. In the elevator, the staff touches the buttons.Also, don't forget to go to the drugstore across the street - Zitomers. It's a real treat. Only in NYC can you find Pucci scarves at the local pharmacy.Though a bit pricey, it was a great place and I loved it.	
Sep 3 2007 	I spend 30+ nights a year here	Like staying at your wealthy aunts apartment. Some of the rooms are a bit to quite dated, though the hotel is going through a top to bottom room re-do. If you want personal, caring, prompt service, there is no better place in NYC. The beds are the best, the hotel is quiet, and the hotel will do just about anything to make your stay pleasant. From the concierge to the doormen, maids to front desk, package room to engineering, the staff are all career hotel professionals. The best for business or pleasure.If you want a tourist scene or Four Seasons-like modern digs, look elsewhere. If you are a celebrity and want to be left alone, there is no place better. It's expensive, but sophisticated luxury usually is.	
Aug 28 2007	A chance to taste pure luxury in New York	This is a fabulous hotel that offers a haven of peace and tranquillity -- especially after a day of hitting the New York shops. I was travelling with my teenage daughter and her friend and they fell in love with the understated luxury of the Carlyle. In fact, they said that if they could live in the beautiful two- bedroom suite we were given on the 27th floor they'd be happy for the rest of their lives! As well as two large bedrooms and three bathrooms, we had a lounge -- complete with baby grand piano-- and a kitchen. The picture window offered the most magnificent panorama of Manhattan's skyline. Each night, it felt as if we were coming home to our own apartment. Such luxury obviously comes at a price -- but this is a hotel steeped in history. John F Kennedy , the Princess of Wales and Mick Jagger are just a few of the legendary names who've been frequent visitors.The Cafe Carlyle is a legend in its own right and the knowledge that Woody Allen often strolls in to play his clarinet with his jazz band is spine tingling!The hotel is on Madison Avenue -- brilliant for walking to some of the smartest shops in town. It's also just a stone's throw from most of the big museums, and a block from Central Park where you can cool off in August.We felt pampered and cared for at the Carlyle. The concierges are simply fantastic and are willing to help with your every request and need. They saved us from some of the camera sharks on Times Square and directed us to a wonderful camera shop where we were given excellent service and value.We'd go back like a shot. It was simply perfect -- you just need to convince yourselves that you deserve a treat!	
Aug 16 2007 	A bit overpriced for what it offers	We stayed at the Carlyle as part of a weeding party. Fortunately we had a discounted rate for about $375.00. The rooms have some nice appointments i.e. glass showers. I thought the room was fine for this price, however, I understand that normally these rooms go for $600.00 at which point I think I might be upset. Our room although nice, was small, with very little walking room which is not a big deal. Some of the things I had issue with. Room service tacks on a $15.00 surcharge for anything you order. My husband's cheeseburger which initally cost $25.00 ended up costing $40.00. The bar is also quite overpriced. We ordered a vodka tonic which was $18.00. Even by New York standards, that's a bit steep. The TV cable constantly went out. It's rare that it worked properly. An interesting feature of this hotel is that they still have bellmen operating the elevators. Frankly, this is an absurd practice for this hotel because the elevators are very tiny. They comfortably hold about 4 people. The bellmen take up valuable space to perform a needless, if not pretentious, task of pushing buttons. I found riding up and down to the 23rd floor to be a somewhat akward experience with these men who I doubt have any job satisfaction performing this ridiculous function in a claustrophobic space. My recomndation to the hotel would be to eliminate some of the antiquated services they provide and make the hotel rooms and service fees more reasonably priced	
Jul 6 2007	Fabulous Carlyle	I have been staying at the Carlyle for years. I love this hotel more than any in the City. I have recently been charmed by the new rooms and always consistent service. In the past four years NY has lost so many hotel rooms to condo conversions, which makes it very difficult to get a room anywhere. The Carlyle still acts like they have competition and continues to put forth the effort to win and retain customer loyalty. I find the Carlyle is the best of the best in all areas of service, personal touches and care for their customers. It truly feels like I have a home in NYC, not a hotel room. The more you return, the more the staff gets to know you and things just happen. When I arrive for breakfast, they know me, my double cappucino arrives without asking and Norbert works hard to make everything perfect. Bemelman's Bar is truly an historic place that still is great fun. Great crowd and Tue-Sat Loston Harris treo plays amazing jazz. Heads of state to captains of industry all know this great hotel is the most luxurious and discreet.Mr. James McBride runs a the hotel with a keen eye for service and expects perfection from his staf, this hotel truly operates on a five star level of excellence.	
May 22 2007 	Wonderful Stay!!!!	The hotel was just wonderful! Our room was the best we've stayed at in NYC. The service amazing and the hotel beautiful. No detail was left unturned. We will stay there again when we go back.	
Apr 23 2007 	A second Chance	My husband and I stayed at The Carlyle with great expectation and terrible results in January, 2006. I was so frustrated that I wrote to the management and they kindly responded with an apology. Time has passed and my husband and I thought we would try again. I called the management office to make our reservation directly to make sure there would be none of the inconveniences of the last booking. They were very kind with making a booking with very little notice.I've written on this website to offer constructive criticism and I will offer when hotels get it right. The Carlyle front staff was trying very hard to please us from the moment we walked into the door. The room was freshly updated and lovely. The managment sent up a bottle of wine, scrumtious chocolate and grapes as an apology for the last visit. The one down side (sorry guys) is the housekeeping staff just isn't on par with the a $800 night room. Turn down service shouldn't come at 6pm and when they do finally come they shouldn't turn down 1/2 the bed, and I shouldn't have had to call for a second hand towel. In addition, there were no face clothes nor any shower caps. What is it with the service at this hotel? Even if I were paying half that amount for a room I don't want to share a hand towel with my husband and I would expect face clothes. The room service breakfast came exactly on time and was lovely and fresh. One thing I don't understand from our previous visit and this visit. We drove to NYC from our home and valet parked the car with the hotel. When we gave the claim check to the front desk we expected the car to be brought around. We waited for that to happen. Each time we were told to take our bags and walk to the garage and get our car ourselves. This time we had to walk through the hotel laundry being loaded onto trucks to get to the garage. I don't understand if they can take the car from us in the front of the hotel when we arrive, why don't they deliver the car to us when we depart? I've never been to a hotel that makes me walk to my car with my luggage after I've paid a valet fee!We had a great time at Bemelman's Bar and a lovely time all in all, but the service really needs to upgrade to include themselves in the 5* range.	
Mar 13 2007 	Still fabuous	Stayed at the Carlyle again recently, and despite what has been posted by some others, each stay was lovely and unspoiled by anything. It was always blissfully quiet in the hotel. The rooms we had were white glove clean and in very good condition with nothing worn or broken. The staff was helpful and never too busy to answer questions or assist right away. Vera Wang's is steps from the Madison Ave entrance and almost every top designer has a shop nearby making brousing a joy.The largest suite (1501) we stayed in was spacious and felt like a real New York City apartment, not a soulless hotel room. It had fresh flowers throughout it and rich details in its moldings and draperies. We did not play the grand piano in the livingroom, but it was fun to have and we could catch a glimpse of Cental Park through the glass doors to the terrace, although it was far too cold to step out onto it. Room service was top notch - as expected. We did not have heated floors in any of our bathrooms this time - I did last fall and loved it, but the marble and glass baths were still luxurious with excellent shower pressure and lots of big thick towels. A stay in a pretty but smaller suite on a lower floor was equally comfortable. I'd happily make the Carlyle my base if I moved back to NYC - after I win the lottery.	
Feb 1 2007	76th and Mad Ave and a man named Jack greets you under the awning	I always wanted to stay in the venerable Carlyle Hotel and I had my chance in November of 06 and I was back in the lobby in January 07. I love everthing about this property, I wish it were cheaper but in this case you get what you pay...loved the Sunday brunch and Bemelmens Bar and the door men and white gloved elevator operators...it's just as good as I imagined it would be. I can not wait to get back.	
Jan 27 2007 	Disappointing	I had been looking forward to staying at the Carlyle again. It had been seven years since my last visit. Upon arrival, my associate and I checked our luggage,as our rooms weren't ready (we were early, so that's not a problem) and went off to work. We returned to the hotel around 6:00 p.m. We were assigned our rooms then. Quite frankly, our rooms were so small, there wasn't even room for a regular size desk. There were no chairs other than at the small desk. We both asked to be moved to larger rooms and were accommodated in a nice manner.The new rooms (slightly larger than the original..it did have one nice chair) were only average. By that I mean they were really in need of refurbishing. Sort of frayed around the edges like a nice old shirt. I found the level of service to be average. Often, the room service tray from the previous night was still in the room the next day after the room had been serviced. I had to ask for turndown service at 10:00 p.m., after returning from dinner. On a more serious note, I did not receive a scheduled wake-up call.This grand dame is need of a serious face lift. Both the rooms and service need a lot of work!	
Jan 23 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights and really enjoyed it - staff were friendly and the rooms were lovely...had a real charm old school feeling. Don't be put off by the negative reviews here....we really did not have anything to complain about, it was great	
Dec 20 2006 	Fantastic hotel that takes you back to another era	If you love the &quot;Thin Man&quot; movies of the 1930s, you'll love the Carlyle. It opened in 1930 as a fabulous uppercrust residential hotel (much like the one where the fictional Nick and Nora lived) and still retains a lot of the original atmosphere. This is probably the only hotel left in NYC that still has elevator operators. The service is outstanding and friendly. Bemelman's Bar is a not-to-be-missed experience for anyone who likes classic places. You can sit and watch a lot of fascinating people while you drink your admittedly expensive but excellent cocktails, enjoy the delicious (free) bar snacks and listen to a live pianist playing jazz standards.If you can afford it, get a suite here, as we did (for $805 per night including daily room service breakfast, which wasn't much more than we'd have paid for a standard room at other high-end NYC hotels that weekend). The suites really give you a vintage residental feeling. They are very spacious and nicely decorated in an old money, slightly shabby chic way, with hardwood floors, antique furniture and carpets. The beds are extremely comfortable. It's a bit like staying at a rich aunt's house.Our suite had a tiny kitchenette in addition to the 1 1/2 baths. (I couldn't help but think of Nora &quot;offering&quot; to make scrambled eggs -- watch the movies and you'll get the joke.) It is true that the &quot;master&quot; bath in our suite was tiny, because the hotel is over 75 years old and they've kept the original architectural footprint. It didn't bother us, since the bathroom was in excellent shape and had been updated with stone tile and a jetted tub.The hotel restaurant is very good and the &quot;Ladies Who Lunch&quot; special 2-course menu offered on weekdays is a value at $24. I recommend the carrot-ginger soup and the salmon with black lentils - yum.If you have a strong preference for everything brand-new and shiny, this is not the place for you. If you need a huge spa-like bathroom, look elsewhere. Looking for a trendy bar? Not here. However, if you'd like a taste of a more genteel (but not stuffy) era, you can't find much better than the Carlyle.	
Dec 20 2006 	Biggest Hotel Disappointment of All Time	As of December 2006, the hotel is under construction, but the hotel doesn't bother to mention this when you book the room. The first morning, we awoke to jack-hammers and electric drills (one sounded like an airplane engine being tested!). We were moved to a 'quieter' room but awoke the second morning to jack-hammers and drills. When we complained a third time, we were asked to leave the hotel at 1:00 a.m.! Beyond the construction cover-up, the level of service is simply unacceptable for a hotel charing over $600 a night. The shower door wasn't sealed at the bottom, so each shower flooded the tiny bathroom with an inch of water. But, on arrival, there was no bathmat, which might have helped avert the flooding. The Kiehl amenities provided by the hotel were mostly missing when we arrived. The staff supplied them later, but when we partially used the bottles, we discovered that, rather than providing new bottles the staff simply tops them up with tap water! The bathrobes provided were tattered and frayed. The Internet connector cable was broken. Room service is dreadfully slow. The concierge's telephone line is always busy. The doormen were basically missing in action every time we wanted help hailing a taxi (we knew the doormen were around one evening because, unlike before, they had turned on the outside overhead heaters for themselves - not for guests!). The final insult was when we moved rooms: The staff stole from our luggage the box of complimentary chocolates provided by the hotel! Overall, the most dreadful hotel experience we have ever had.	
Nov 30 2006	The Carlyle is Great...but not at 7am	The Carlyle is a classic. And for my girlfriend's 26th birthday celebration, it was mostly a pleasure as a home base. However, I must submit the following facts: our bathroom (room 409) was small and the distance between toilet and shower was uncomfortably minimal; the shower door wasn't properly sealed and there were leaks. Also, at 7 am after a long and happy night, our doorbell rang. We hadn't ordered or pre-ordered breakfast and there was a PRIVACY sign hanging from the door knob. Nonetheless, my beautiful girlfriend had to put on a robe and confront a phantom room service attendant who, having erred, scurried away. It is bad to be picky about such a fine hotel, but as its fineness is so contingent on the perfection of little things, I have no choice but to mention the above. To be fair: the bed and bedding and room were all comfortable, tasteful and truly Ost. I will return to this hotel, but as it is a standard bearer, I will always give it a hard time. It has earned this scrutiny.	
Aug 27 2006 	Better than People Magazine	My husband and I decided to stay at the Carlyle and endulge in a luxurious weekend on the Upper East side. We met up with some friends that live near the hotel and my girlfriend and I decided to browse and shop at the fashionable and excellent Madison Avenue boutiques and dined at Nello's on Madison Avenue. We returned to the hotel and to our amazement in the lobby there stood Warren Beatty, Annette Benning and their children chating with Jack Nicholsen. In all my years of traveling have I ever come across that level of celebrity in a hotel all in one place. The Carlyle is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, the premier room that we booked is more like a suite in a home, rather than a hotel. I got one of the best nights sleep as the bed engulfs you with beautiful linens and comfort. I have to find out who they use as a florist, as the lobby and restaurant had the most breathtaking floral arrangements that I've ever seen. The lobby in the evening takes on a mystical and magical feeling with the soft lighting on the flowers, oil paintings and beautiful chandeliers. Before we went out for dinner we decided to have a drink at Bemelmans bar - I wish our children was with us as I've been reading Madeline books to our little girl and she would have been very excited to see the drawings on the wall of Madelines journies through Central Park and her adventures with her schoolmates. The next time we book a weekend in New York we will be sure to bring back our children so that we can enlighten them on the museums and culture that this property surrounds you with. The Carlyle will definitely be my only choice when booking New York City as the entire weekend was hassle free and we got the best pampering ever. I can't wait to go back.	
Aug 25 2006 	Classic with the conveniences of today!	What a great hotel! What a great experience! I have always heard the &quot;legend of the Carlyle&quot; but did not expend to fall under it's spell while I was there. I travel ALOT so I have seen it all! The lobby was beautiful! I arrived at night and there were candles lit. It looked so beautiful against the black marble, with the crystal chandelier and the silver theme throughout! I was stunned! The front desk staff was very friendly and welcoming. Knowing I had a long trip and must be tired and hungry they offered to have room service sent up. Telling the kind staff that I was just too tired they asked if i needed a wake up call, or perhaps coffee sent up at a particular time in the morning! Oh wouldn't that be perfect! I admit I have become addicted to my programable coffee maker! Visiting how tired I am at this point, they quckly checked me in and explained the hotel's key points, and rang for a bellman! RANG! An actual bell! How, I want to say quaint, but that sounds negative, it was just pleasantly unique! The bellman (whom I learned later in my stay has worked there for decades!) escorted me up and shared a few more stories about the hotels history, he got me all situated in my room and wished me a sound sleep! The whole process from the doorman with umbrella to shield me from the wrath of mother nature to there luxurious linens in front of the flat screen plasma TV wil about 2000 channels, took about a cool 5 minutes! That was it! I have fallen under their spell! The dream continued through the rest of the stay!My wakeup call in the morning with a friendly voice telling me of the days weather, and my coffee quickly followed. Thank god! As I thought about the days ahead I stopped at the concierge for suggestions. We talked about some shows and restaurants that would be great. I went to the marvelous breakfast buffet (try the cheeses!) and the staff again was mighty attentive! I went to walk in central park, i could not believe it was right there! On my out, the concierge had seen me and mentioned that the tickets and restaurant reservations were all set!Everything just fell into place. That is until the night before I was checking out. I realized I had forgotten all my chargers. My cell phone was already dead and my IPOD was hanging on for dear life! I called the front desk to see if perchance one of the staff had my same phone and happened to bring their charger along to work. I was in luck! They have a varied supply! Now to solve the IPOD issue. My biggest nightmare, and 8 hours of a airtime, borken up only by a four hour layover, with no tunes!!! Then as I'm about to hang up the phone I give it a shot and ask the agent on the phone if they have a charger. The voice on the other end mentions that there is an IPOD docking station in the room. REALY? Then I see that on the other side of the giant bed (which I need to get me one for home, its heaven!) there IS a docking station on the end table! So I hooked up my NANO, hit play and listend to the tunes while I solemly packed for my departure from this haven in the city! I miss the Carlyle, the staff and FOOD already! I was there for such a short time, but I felt as if I have been going there my entire life. By the time I left, the staff recognized my by name and wished me a &quot;safe journey!&quot; I can not wait to HAVE to go back to NY. Because I will HAVE to stay at the Carlyle again!See you soon, CARLYLE!!! (Boy am I long winded!!)	
Aug 15 2006	Weekend in The City	My In Laws visited the city for the weekend from Venezuela and were thrilled by the staff and personal service at The Carlyle.They said it felt like home and were able to get a copy of their Venezuelan newspaper every morning. The bartenders knew their drinks and the elevator operators knew their floor after a few hours.	
Jul 26 2006 	I'm already booked for a return visit	My wife and I have had the pleasure of staying at The Carlyle an average of once a year for the past 14 years. I write regarding our most recent stay, in May, 2006, but my comments also relate, generally, to the entirety of our visits.The Carlyle is about continuity. It is about service, and graciousness. It is not trendy. It does not have a flashy lobby or public spaces. With The Carlyle you get the same bell staff, the same elevator operators, the same doormen and the same room service attendants, year in and year out. You get a warm smile that you reasonably can believe is meant for you. The service at The Carlyle is exemplary. I can’t think of a request that has not been honored, and I can’t think of a case where housekeeping service did other than a terrific job. Room service is on time and bell staff prompt.We have always stayed in inside suites (the Standard and Superior category of one bedroom suites). That means a view towards Park Avenue (beware, the very low floor inside suites just look into the adjoining buildings). It also means quiet – no street noise, no noise from adjoining rooms. The suites are well-appointed, with a nice size living room (with a desk, a comfortable couch and two comfortable easy chairs). The bedrooms have always had a easy chair, with a reading light. The linens and bedding are of first quality. I’m picky about hotel lighting, and The Carlyle always passes the test – every seating area is well-lit enough for reading. The furnishings are in classic good taste.The HVAC units (the suites have separate controls for the bedroom and the living room) are efficient and quiet.The suites usually have a full bath and one half bath. The full bath is small. I understand that plans are afoot to convert some of the walk-in closets (some of the suites have two) into bathroom space. Until then, don’t expect much space in the bathrooms.Breakfasts at The Carlyle are adequate. The buffet is not extensive – although what is there is well prepared. I’ve always had good service at breakfast (although until Rosewood took over management, I’m not sure that some of the head waiters at breakfast had smiled in some time). If breakfast is included in your room rate, eat at the hotel. If it isn’t, I’d eat breakfast somewhere else.The Carlyle’s rack rates are high. I have almost always been able to obtain, through one affiliation or another, a price break on those rates. I’m already booked for a return visit to The Carlyle. It’s home for me in New York.	
Mar 26 2006	Loved the Carlyle...	We had a wonderful weekend at the Carlyle. We stayed in a 1 bdrm suite which was well appointed and quite spacious by NYC standards. It had 1.5 bathrooms which was very convenient for us as we had our 9 month old with us. The rooms had beautiful fresh flowers in both the living room and bedroom.The bathroom was small but nice. The concierge was WONDERFUL and fullfilled all our requests which included booking difficult-to-get dinner reservations (Per Se, Grammercy Tavern and Babbo), babysitting services and even printing our boarding passes.We ordered room service one morning and the eggs benedict and brioche french toast were delicious. We had one drink in the bar which had a nice ambiance and an interesting drink menu.This hotel isn't cheap but it is worth the slurge.	
Jan 29 2006	Once luxurious...but not anymore	While the Carlyle has a beautiful lobby, cafe and reputation, the quality of its rooms and service are not worthy of a luxury hotel in New York. I stayed in one of the Carlyle's Superior Rooms which was certainly not worth the expense. The room had peeling paint, a dirty radiator, an outlet the didn't work, exposed wires, and a cheap 27 inch TV. The room was absolutley tiny making it uncomfortable for two people. In short, you feel like you are staying at an old two star hotel. I would recommend visiting the Cafe' which has made the Carlyle famous and stay at a real luxury hotel the next time you are in New York.	
Jan 3 2006	Understated Elegance	Our initial visit to the Carlyle was, while enjoyable, a bit of a dissapointment as our room was in bad repair. (peeling paint in the bath, etc.). The service was commendable, and when the management found out about our dissatisfaction, they immediately made things right for us, and went above and beyond on a subsequent stay. Lots of celeb sightings, if you like that sort of thing, we prefer to leave them alone. Excellent service, from housekeeping, to wait staff, and the ever-pleasant elevator men. Highly recommended for old-world charm and ambience.	
Dec 11 2005 	Still the same Carlyle; old world charm; poor concierge service	In prior years (and when Carlyle was under different ownership), I used to spend about 30 nights a year there. On this October stay, it didn't seem like the much touted renovation changed much in the rooms. I had asked two simple questions of the concierge (such as when breakfast started), and he had no idea, tellling me to ask the front desk!I wrote a comment card about this and other service lapses but, two months later, heard nothing back. The hotel still enjoys a terrific location. But, some of its rooms (and particularly bathrooms) are clearly not as luxurious (and technologically advanced) as other comparably-priced NY hotels.	
Nov 28 2005	Cramped at the Carlyle	Impossibly small rooms for an outrageous price--800 a night city view and could barely fit a rollaway and mediocre food. Rooms are a bit worn, mold all along my bath tub. However, the service at this hotel is beyond compare.	
Nov 13 2005 	New York Classic	Whether you like the Carlyle really depends on your taste. If you liked hotels with an old-world charm, this may well be your favorite hotel.The lobby is very tasteful, with a style that appeals to all generations. The &quot;classical influence&quot; really begins at the elevators, which are still manned by elevator operators. Frankly, I find that a bit pretentious and unneccessary. Why demand extra labor when there's no need for it? There's a difference between excellent service and excessive service. And in the context of the Carlyle's elevator operators, this is debatable.With my lowly corporate rate, I had a standard room on the 19th floor. I understand that the hotel prides itself on history, so I won't be overly critical about the wear-and-tear of the furnishings and finishes. My overall impression of the room was warm, tasteful and intimate. It felt like a private residence rather than a hotel. However, rooms are on the small side compared to Four Seasons and Ritz Central Park.You should have realized by now that I'm not a big fan of classical hotels. I didn't like the Plaza (back in the good old days) or Waldorf. But I enjoyed the Carlyle because of its service. I don't know whether it is the fact that 80% of the staff speaks with a French accent or the general professionalism, but I felt that the Carlyle's service is very personal. And that, may I add, is very different from the service you get at chains like Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton. It makes the hotel a home for its guests.If I were to pay $600 for a standard room, where would I stay? I have to admit that Carlyle would not be on the top of my list. But we all have different tastes.Is it worth a try? Oh, yes.	
Aug 30 2005	a great start to our honeymoon	We stayed for 5 days in a Carlyle Suite, on the 9th floor. The rooms were spacious although the bathrooms were very small and disappointingly cramped! No seperate shower either! Got off to a bad start when reception insisted that they had upgraded us to a Carlyle Suite, when in fact we had booked and payed for it ourselves! Apart from that, the staff were always really helpful and polite. We only ate breakfast there, and that was really poor, usually lukewarm buffet, nothing special.The staff were really disorganised, and you had to wait ages for tea or coffee, as they usually forgot! The afternoon teas's are rather nice, big, but nice! The bar is a bit drab, but very popular for some reason. All in all its a quite nice hotel, but we wouldnt go back.	
Jul 11 2005	Excellent Service	We stayed three nights in a suite with a special package rate currently being offered and it was a good value. We were on the fourth floor facing Madison and never heard anything through the double glazed windows. The suite was spacious (albeit a little too louis XIV for my tastes) and well appointed. The bed was unbelievably comfortable. There were 2 baths which was convenient for entertaining. The service was impeccable. Gym was small but equipment was good. Robert, the concierge, was well informed and took care of our needs. We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The only disappointment was our venture into Bemelman's one evening. We stopped by for a cocktail before heading back to the room and the bill was $65.00. If we had been there for more than 20 minutes it might have not bothered, but it bugged me that we weren't made aware of a $20 per person cover when we were first seated. It was a minor annoyance for an otherwise great experience.	
Jun 12 2005	Classic NYC	The Carlyle makes you feel like you are in New York in a different era. Timeless classic hospitality, impeccable standards. Discreet service at the highest level. The Sunday brunch is fantastic. I live in New York and still there for the experience.	
Nov 21 2004	One of the best hotels	Stayed at the Carlyle for a long weekend w/ my wife and it was fantastic. The hotel is truly one of the best I have ever been to--comparable to the George V in Paris in its understated elegance. Expensive, even by NYC standards, but worth the extra money.	
Nov 19 2004	Could not be better	I spent several days at The Carlyle last summer with my wife and two boys. What a great stay. When I called to make reservations, they suggested a special rate that saved me about 50% off any other rate I found. I told the staff I wanted special treatment for our kids and said I'd leave it up to the staff to figure out ways to make them feel special. They went all out - way beyond the call. Courtesy, respect, a sense of wanting to help - what more can I say. The rooms were so comfortable and spacious (Suite with an adjacent room for the boys). No view but did not care. Fabulous bathrooms and the comfort of an upper Eastside apartment. I've been in plenty. Super modern it isn't. Warm it is. If you expect a concierge to knwo your name the second time you visit his/her desk and expect him/her to find a way to make it happen, you'll not be disappointed. The only negative was a so-so buffet breakfast and a little mix up with the bill (quickly fixed but might have been a hassle if I did a 'rapid sign the bill and run' act which I more often do vesrus a review of each item).I've stayed at the Pierre, Plaza and others - this is a quite, no throngs better alternative.	
Aug 20 2004	Roll over Ludwig	I have been going to the Carlyle for almost forty years. Since we like Art Museums and Madison avenue shopping, it is in a most convenient spot. The hotel is charming and elegant all at once. One very positive feature is the staff, which is most friendly and accomodating. The room this time was just fine, and the bath had been expertly remodeled. The problem was with Bemelman's Bar. This bar, named for Madeline author Ludwid Bemelman, is intrinsically very nice and in some ways is an upper Eastt Side neighborhood watering hole. One nite featured Chris Gillespie, who is a most expert musician, but he was accompanied by a jazz ensemble which is much to loud for the size of the bar. In addition to that, the management wants $20.00/per cover charge for hotel guests. When I complained, they waived the cover, but the ensemble was so loud as to be irritating. Saturday nite there were so many non-Carlyle people in the bar that we over to the Pierre and listened to quiet music with no cover. Sunday nite I stopped in at Bemelman's alone for a drink, &amp; encountered a loud obnoxious drunk. When he was finally dealt with, I was treated to a couple in the seats across the room who appeared to be auditioning for a porno flick. I am no prude by a long shot, but don't think one should encounter this type of thing in a hotel of this staure. I'll try the St Regis next time.	
Jul 25 2004	Many Questions	During my June trip to New York I stopped by the Carlyle to inquire about small suites and an ongoing relationship of 14 days each Christmas. The Bell Captain was outstanding in his tour of the rooms. He was friendly and very gracious. The building was beautiful. That's where it all ended. When I e-mailed the Carlyle for room rates I got a standard rack rate response. I tried again. No response. So hey, I'm staying at The Mark with my family this Christmas and hopefully for many to come. Response there was prompt. Budget considerations were accommodated. I would love to stay at the Carlyle, but frankly I am much more impressed by a hotel that will do whatever it takes to have me stay with them than a hotel that requires that I do whatever it takes to secure a reservation.	
May 25 2004	third world - the worst hotel I have ever stayed in	well...where can I begin? The front wheel not matching the back wheel? Looks good downstairs but upstairs...it's a different story....noisy rooms...we had to really insist heavily to move....a television that didn't work...and the maintenance man said he wasn't sure if there'd be a replacement...we became very good friends with him...we saw him about the shower head in the bathroom that dropped off, about the plummeting temperature in the room...we first made his acquaintance in the early hours of the morning when the noise of some unidenfified hotel machinery woke us....and then there was the unforgettable episode in the uh, er, 'business centre. where my email was printed out in the back office...I called the back office and they told me they had destroyed it...it was from a client...but no, they had not destroyed it, ever helpful they called my client to ask who it was for...as they didn't know who I was...duh...I was on the guestlist.........this was the worst in the world...and the complaints to the front desk and to the manager were handled with as little grace as was humanly possible....I should add vast parts of the upper floor remain unmodernised and look like the sort of hotels you'd expect to see on the sea front of dowdy British resorts...the sort of place no holiday maker would stay in...........and then there was the food...the dinner....ghastly and the wine....who ever has to ask four times for what you've ordered...and don't order breakfast - ugh....cold, nasty and mega expensive.......Don't go there....it says it is a lot of things - a haven of sophistication etc etc....but even a hick from the sticks would feel he/she was staying in a social security hostel..........looks like it's run by the gang that can't shoot straight	
Apr 14 2004	Treated like royalty at the Carlyle	The atmosphere is luxurious and impressive but the best part of the Carlyle is the staff. They are friendly, polite and at your service. A gift wrapped box of small gourmet cookies arrives at your door each night and the New York Times is delivered to your door. Being treated so nicely makes you feel comfortable and relaxed in such a stressful city. Loved it. My only small complaint was the food was just average and rather unaverage prices.	
Apr 8 2004	Wow		
Mar 8 2004	A wonderful experience!		
Nov 23 2003	Classy sophisticated New york		
Oct 22 2003	One of the finest on the planet!		
Aug 28 2003	Good but not perfect.		
May 30 2003	Among the best hotels in the world		
Mar 20 2003	New York the way it should be ...		
May 31 2002	The Truth About the Carlyle		
Mar 20 2002	Manhattan at it's most elegant!		
Jan 29 2002	The Best of NYC Lodging		
May 31 2009 	ottima posizione per un bellissimo hotel		
Mar 14 2009 	confortable mais un peu vieillot		
