Nov 24 2009 	Expensive 	Really expensive but the rooms were immaculate and beautiful. I was in town and my niece came over to the hotel room after I was done doing sales calls for my clients and she even commented on how beautiful the room was. Expensive but the company spotted the bill anyway this time. I don't know if i would ever be willing to spend that kind if money on my own but it was a beautiful and exceptional gorgeous hotel. Location was nice but parking was not the best of situations. Train station nearby and tons of taxis though so that might make it easier on someone without a car. I unfortunately needed a car and parking was just murder.	
Nov 12 2009 	great hotel but.....	The staff were friendly, rooms were clean and bathrooms without problems. Location was amazing. However, after staying in different hotels in New York, New Jersey, Toronto, Montreal and Qubec we were shocked to discover a charge for the internet! The price for the room was well above what we have payed for other hotels of the same star ratings. When considering the price for the room its disgusting that a charge of $20 per day is added for internet use. Plus there was no available pool. Well over priced for what we recieved.	
Oct 5 2009	Wow what a hotel	When I visited this Hotel for the first time, I was surprized to see it. Such a big Hotel!!! I live this Hoel and then the room service and everything is really superb. Must stay in this Hotel once if you make a plan to NY.	
Jul 7 2009 	great trip	The hotel was nice. And a great choice we enjoyed or stay extremely.	
Jul 5 2009 	Weekend getaway	Overall a great experience. Rooms are adequate and very clean for New York. The on property restaurants were very good although nothing available for a meal between 3:00 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. The Hotel is very well situated for a 5 minute walk to Time Square or Central Park. It also is very close to the key subway entrances. Excercise room was massive for a hotel with everything you need away from home. Excellent concierge service.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great suites	We stayed at the Hotel for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The 2 bedroom suite was spacious and easily have accomodated 6 adults. The service was excellent all round and facilities on the club floor good. One drawback was that swimming pool was missing. They even had comp passes to some of the nearby gentlemen's clubs.	
Feb 2 2009 	Don't Confuse The Hilton Club with the Hilton	Prior reviews lead me to believe that some travelers are confusing The Hilton Club with The Hilton. Yes, they are at the same address, but The Hilton Club is a hotel-within-a-hotel as well as a timeshare-type property and consists of suites located on the 37th and 38th floor with their own private check-in desk (and other services). You bypass the ground floor big front desk and ride dedicated elevators directly to the 37th floor. Hence The Hilton Club provides small hotel personal service in the context of a large hotel in a super central Manhattan location. I first stayed here years ago and liked it, but I always hunt up a luxury-bargain and The Hilton Club had not been turning up with favorable rates until a recent prepaid offer for $215 for 2. Not the best deal in mid-town you say? Check again; the rate included complimentary breakfast, complimentary wireless access, complimentary daily cocktail reception, plus gym and business center. The smallest room, the &quot;euro-king&quot; is neither huge nor cramped feeling; it's rather ship-like in that it makes really good use of the space, with lovely built in furnishings. The bed was terrific, a small table and chairs was okay for working, but not comfortable for sitting to watch TV. The large glass-walled shower had a rainfall head and also side jets with excellent water pressure. The stall was spacious and had a seat in the back. Aveda amenities and plenty of shelves complete the nice, if a little compact, but shipshape bathroom. The welcome desk always had two friendly attendants. The breakfast offerings were very nice and well presented; fresh fruits, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, cereals, super selection of baked goods, coffee, expresso, teas, juices, etc. Can't say what was offered at cocktail hour. All in all a very satisfying choice of lodging. A couple of caveats when you are hotel-shopping; be sure you are comparing apples to apples--what are the extra charges? If you shop for a rate and enter 2 adults, 0 children, when a list of options appear, be sure the &quot;second person&quot; is included. With Hilton and some other hotels, it may not be and when you proceed to booking there will be an &quot;extra person charge.&quot; Be aware of what you are getting and what you are paying for in every case. At hotels.com, the extra person fee for this Hilton Club was $30/night; through Hilton directly it worked out to $17/night. If you need luggage storage here after check-out, be prepared to pay $3.50 per bag per 24 hours, plus tips.	
Jan 1 2009 	Awesome Stay!	My friend and I stayed at the Hilton Club this past May and we had an awesome time! We arrived very early and although we weren't able to check in right away, they offered us use of their gym to freshen up after an 8 hour overnight bus ride. When we went back a second time to check in they bumped us up to a better room so that we wouldn't have to wait any longer. Our room was newly decorated and we definitely felt like we were getting our money's worth! This hotel is in the perfect location if you are planning on staying in midtown. It's steps away from Rockefeller Center and minutes away from times square. It gives you a great experience without having to stay right in the middle of the business that is times square. Booking our stay was very simple and the Hilton had the best rate we could find considering the location. We booked our trip 4 days before we arrived in the city, but the staff was very quick to help us over the phone. This was my third time visiting NYC, but it was definitely the best trip so far, and our stay at the Hilton had a lot to do with it.	
Nov 17 2008 	Mixed Feelings about the Hilton Club	This is kind of a mixed review since our stay started off really badly but ended well. It left me with conflicting feelings about our stay.My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Club for four days. We had just flown in from Europe and arrived at the Hotel around `1am and were very tired. We had pre-payed the entire stay and reserved a King non-smoking about 5 months in advance.When we got there we were informed that Hilton does not hold the actual room request, just the room itself. What a shock! We assumed because we reserved and paid for a King room that we would get that, but apparently the policy is written otherwise. Instead We were given a queen room for the night with an extremely noisy plumbing problem that kept us up. We were promised a King room the next night-- but that just meant we had to pack our stuff and move again.To Hilton's credit they were very cordial and offered us a free dinner. Also when I requested a room on the Executive floor they accommodated for all the trouble they had put us through.The location was very good though...walking distance to Rockefeller Plaza, Radio City Hall, Broadway shows and Times Square.All in all, for the price I expected more but they did make up for it since the executive floor should have cost us $100 more per night but they did not charge us.I would probably stay there again if the price were right and I had to.	
Jul 1 2009 	Muy bien especialmente la ubicación		
