Nov 19 2009 	All in all best place to stay in NYC - more bang for your buck	Have been staying at the Sherry -Netherland for 10 years , about twice a year . If you don't need the &quot; big hotel &quot; feel , then this is the best place to stay in the city . Try and get a room/suite on the highest floor you can . The rooms/suites are all different , and if for some reason you don't like the one they have for you , most of the time they will give you another one . For what you get , it is a real deal .	
Oct 27 2009 	One of New Yorks best	Ok I had a one day stay in NYC on business and wanted to splurge a bit. After searching through dozens of hotels on Essentravel.com I found the Sherry Netherland. The price was $700 a night but I said what the heck.I was not dissapointed. The staff were more than helpful, the rooms were opulent and clean, I had a great stay. If you want to splurge a bit, give the Sherry a try. Its great!!	
Aug 26 2009 	The best hotel I have ever stayed at	The Sherry-Netherland is the best hotel I have ever stayed at. Though it can be a bit on the pricey side, if you want to splurge, it's worth every penny. When you arrive at the hotel you are greeted by Doormen with white gloves. This may seem like the same as most Luxury hotels in the City, but the Sherry is different. I've been staying here for 20 years, and for most of the time it's been the same people. I know the Doormen by name, they know me. It's nice to arrive in a city not your own and be greeted with a hearty How you doin Mr. Thompson, you feel like family here. The rooms are all Unique, each one decorated by the owner. No expense is spared though. The best part of the Hotel is that it is close to pretty much everything, but at the same time once you get into the Hotel it feels small, relaxed and quiet. It's a welcome respite from the Hustle and Bustle of the City streets. Overall....a top notch hotel, and in this humble business travelers opinion, the best in NYC	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location Good Service Rooms Vary in Size + View etc.	Perfect Location =&gt; 5th + 59th =&gt; Easy to Catch Cabs, good for mid-town meetings + restaurants. Rooms vary tremendously =&gt; Suites are massive (some have kitchens) and others have huge living rooms with great views - try either 2nd floor overlooking 59th or up high toward Park.Room service menu is limited but decent =&gt; with New York Prices $$$$. Room prices have come down a lot! Paid ~$350 with corporated discount (+taxes).Bed is very comfortable. Check-in/Check-out is super quick =&gt; not a lot of rooms available. Most of the building is private residences. Good Security =&gt; Elevator Man in the lifts.	
Jul 21 2009 	Superb - Best in NYC	This is going to sound a bit over the top but I had an exceptional stay at the Sherry Netherland and give the hotel my highest recommendation:Location: A perfect location for exploring the city. Central Park is across the street, the exclusive Boutique shops of 5th Avenue and Madison are blocks away, Broadway Theater - Rockefeller Center - top Restaurants and Museums are all a short walk (there is also a beautiful restaurant off the lobby - Cipriani's - but we did not have a chance to visit).Service: Warm, friendly and very crisp service was delivered throughout my stay. Housekeeping was flawless - with one of the most thorough evening turn-down services I think I have ever experienced. Every inch of our suite was immaculate. Room: Staying at the Sherry is like having your own luxury apartment right in the city. We had a City View Suite with a lovely view, spacious living area, dining area, beatuiful bath with a fantastic shower and every bath amenity imaginable, and great bedding and linens. Fresh flowers, chocolates, and soft drinks were complimentary with a nice welcome note from the management. The decor was classy and elegant and included all of the modern electronic conveniences. Summary: Staying at the Sherry makes you feel like a celebrity. It is so intimate and personal, yet offers everything (and all of the services) you can want. Hands down my favorite hotel in NYC.	
Jan 31 2009 	The Old World Discovered	When you arrive the door will be opened for you. When you get into the sequestered gilded lobby you will be introduced to each of the staff members who will be helping you during your stay. One of them will escort you to your room. This is a hotel for extreme privacy, right on the southern edge of Central Park. The spacious rooms evoke an old Holywood film, and you leave partly surprised you didn't meet Fred Astaire. If you've never felt special, this place will teach you some tricks.	
Nov 11 2008 	Real Boutique hotel	SN is a small jewel. It has only 50 rooms and suites. Most or all are individually owned and furnished but run by the hotel. Rooms are recently renovated and are luxurious in traditional way.It is like having your own opulent apartment at the best location in NY.	
Jul 4 2008 	Awesome Suites w/ Central Park Views	Absolutely gorgeous, large suite with expansive views on Central Park. It even came complete with binoculars and a bird watching book as well as a telescope - very nice touches! Lovely large master bathroom, huge living room that was really lushly appointed, not so large bedroom ( ! ) , sweet guest bath. Extraordinary views, excellent service, excellent room service, great location. If you don't mind spending - this is a wonderful choice.	
Aug 4 2007	O.K.	Very nice hotel, a little overpriced. I do have to agree with a previous write-up, in saying that the front desk help are not very nice. You would think they would be a bit more courteous. Just remember there are plenty to choose from.	
May 8 2007 	Excellent wedding stay	We just returned from six wonderful days at The Sherry. As I and my girlfriend were getting married in New York we wanted something personal – yet discrete – with an old New Yorkish feel to it. Having stayed at several other grand hotels in New York we now wanted something “smaller” and more intimate. I am happy to say that we got exactly what we wanted.The Sherry is primarily a residential building which also has 50 hotel suits, and this greatly affects its atmosphere. The hotel’s slogan catches the feel: “stay in NY as if you lived in NY”. If you are in need of a huge lobby and three or four different in-house bars and restaurants you simply will not find them here. But if you are looking for a five star stay with highly personal and impeccable service, huge (even though we opted for a smaller view room) and tasteful rooms, perfect location to 5th Avenue shopping and Central Park jogging then this is my best recommendation. I should also mention the nice extras as the free high-speed WiFi internet in the room, the up to date training equipment in the exercise room, and the complimentary beverages and Godiva chocolate.Lastly I want to say thank you to Kristina, Renee and everybody else at The Sherry for doing their utmost to make the hotel part of our wedding week perfect. Thank you! We will definitely be back to celebrate our anniversaries.Also a word of caution to other TA-users: Read reviews with some caution on hotels that get new very positive reviews every second day. Some (often smaller) hotels receive new high grades at an improbable rate and this affects their position in the top listing. To write fake reviews is unfortunately most probably a lucrative way of doing business for some hotel owners…	
Apr 13 2007 	Overpriced and overcharged	Watch yourself with this hotel! They wait until the night before you arrive to send out a confirmation email and they change the prices. We booked ourselves into a suite 6 weeks in advance. A day before we arrived they sent a confirmation email with a 15% increase in price and an extra charge added for our intended use of the sleepr sofa for our two children.The reservation clerk I spoke to giggled on the phone when I called to ask why the price had been raised.The Netherland has seen better days - recommend avoiding it!	
Apr 11 2007	Wonderful stay great hotel	I was put up here for the week by a client after the usual hotel I stay at fell through, and it was a pleasure. The room I was in was wonderful, though I didn't get the view of the city or park that other rooms would have. I'd like to complement them on being the first hotel I have stayed in where they actually have HDTV programming for the HDTV's (everyone else just has stretched standard TV signals on their expensive LCD TV's I find). The hotel gym was by far the best I've had in the past year on the road, with plenty of cardio equipment with individual LCD TV's, and a good selection of machine and free weights as well. The shower in my room was the best I've experienced as well, tons of pressure.The only downsides to the hotel were that the wireless internet access was fairly slow, and would drop sometimes for a few seconds, and it just felt strange to me to have someone run the elevator for me. I didn't like having someone know that I was just stepping out to grab a burger down the street.It's out of my price range when I come to NYC for fun unfortunately, but I do hope that work can put me up here again the next time I'm in town for business.	
Feb 2 2007	Everything you could ask for...and more!	I've stayed at the Sherry several times the past year. They have a BOX of chocolates in your room with a personal note. The rooms and suites are immaculate. They sent a Christmas card. I need not say any more! Oh, yes, the service is top notch...always.	
Sep 6 2006 	What a hotel!	We stayed in a suite recently at the Sherry Netherland, it's the best place that I have stayed in NY. The suites are beautiful and huge. The location is great; right on Central Park. Breakfast is inclluded along with sodas and juices. Suites have modern kitchens w/ ice makers, furnishings are top notch and the staff is terrific. A very classy and impressive hotel. A 10.	
May 7 2006 	Great location fine room beautifully painted elevators nice folks	This is a fantastically located hotel near the Plaza, across from Central Park close by MOMA, Broadway and superb shopping.The staff is very nice but you can tell this is a residence/hotel.....so not the same type of service that one would expect in the Ritz. The chaps who provide room service and run the elevators are quite nice.You can't go wrong if you get your room at a decent price.Enjoy New York!	
Mar 29 2006	Perfect Location	Just recently stayed at the Sherry. Located at the entrance of Central Park, the location could not have been better. The service from the staff was excellent. The rooms were beautiful and clean. We got a great rate on their winter special; when we stayed 4-nights we were upgrated to a suite overlooking 59th avenue. The only drawback was that the restaurant is currently under renovation. Would stay there again, without hesitation!	
Mar 20 2006	If you can afford itdo it!	If you want to indulge in one of the best hotels NYC has to offer try this property. It is first class!Doorman,elevator operator, room service,twice a day maid service,front desk,accomadiations all first class.I'AM a New Yorker and I believe this is one of the best properties in this city.Steps from Central Park,5TH avenue, and Rockfeller Center.The rooms have the best furnishings and detail I have expierienced.You may want to spend time in your room just to enjoy it but New York is right outside your door.The price tag is high but if you get a good deal,GO for it!P.S. Lori at the front desk was the best.	
Mar 7 2006	Luxurious Hotel-First Class Service	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this gorgeous hotel and would certainly return.The hotel is situated right on 5th Ave and is a 10 second walk to the nearest subway-great for tourists!! This hotel offers luxury things that other hotels in NYC just dont have - including the biggest suite I have ever stayed in, high ceilings, massive bed,huge lounge and a huge bathroom that was all beautifully decorated and so clean.The small touches of fresh flowers and luxury chocs were lovely as were the aveda products in the bathroom.The staff were amazing they couldn't do enough for us including ordering us a takeout delivery and chilled wine when we just wanted a night in.Its a small hotel so the service is fantastic-being greeted by name is almost unheard of in most hotels.Its not cheap, but you get what you pay for! I would certainly recommend calling them to find out if they have any deals on, which is what we did. If you would like a intimate hotel with luxurious accomodation that gives fantastic service, is near the 5th Ave shops and a subway than this is the hotel for you.	
Feb 10 2006	Very lovely time	My husband and I stayed only one night at the Sherry, for an anniversary celebration. We loved the location, across from Central Park. The doormen were attentive, and went to great lengths to flag down a cab for us in the pouring rain. The room was furnished nicely, very traditional, and came with fresh flowers, chocolates, and a welcome note from the hotel. The refrigerator was well stocked with bottled water, orange juice, and soft drinks, which were complimentary. We did not have a view, as our room faced a courtyard. We were out for the evening, and when we returned, the bed was turned down, and chocolates were left on our pillows. A complimentary breakfast was served in our room, consisting of coffee, juice, fresh fruit salad, and a basket of five assorted muffins, croissants, and other breads. We had a terrific price for the room, and, considering all the extras, it was a great value. We wished we could have stayed longer.	
May 2 2005	Lovely with HUGE rooms	I have stayed at the hotel twice. It is excellent, uptown though in a bit of a chi-chi location. It is far from the wonderful vibe of downtown, but it has something that downtown doesn't have. SPACE. Each time I have stayed in this wonderful hotel I have enjoyed a large suite with spacious bathroom and kitchenette. Downstairs is Cipriani's for breakfast lunch, dinner if you wish and room service.I love the fact that I (lots of luggage always) never have to see a bag or anything to betray the horrors of shlepping all that stuff around! There is so much storage space here.As a Californian (by way of being a Londoner originally) I have come to find serenity in lots of space. NYC can be exhausting when you are there on business. The Sherry Netherland is a tranquil hideout, the prices are great, often somewhat negotiable, and always, always an elegant option.	
Jan 26 2005	If you like traditional hotels then you will love this one!	We have just returned from our first trip to New York and we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It is more expensive than other hotels but it well worth it!We got a special romantic package deal, which cost $500 per night, which included continental breakfast in the restaurant and a horse &amp; carriage ride in Central Park. We also got expensive chocolates and fresh flowers in our room!The room was fantastic - loads of space, lovely furniture including a huge comfy bed. The bathroom was also lovely and the toiletries supplied were the best I have ever come across in a hotel! The staff were very friendly and helpful at all times - there is always someone close by to help with luggage, doors, directions etc. The hotel restuarant was quite expensive, hence expensive room service food. However, the food is fantastic and the service from the staff is excellent. I liked the additional items which were available on room service - such as painkillers, antihistamine etc, as well as snacks and other essentials useful if you are caught short.The location is fantastic - right across the road from Central Park - although we felt that there was not much to do in the evenings in this area of the city.The only bad points were the view from the room (we were on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel - I think this is the cheap rooms!), and the noisy air conditioning!!	
Nov 22 2004	Wish I could say it was worth it	My daughter and I stayed at the Sherry Netherland in Nov 2004. It was a mother/daughter shopping weekend and I wanted to treat her to some place nice. The Sherry Netherland was a big disappointment, especially for the price. The front desk people were not very nice. I do have to say that the elevator operators &amp; bellman were very nice though. But we arrived a little early for our room, and we were told the room wasn't ready and to come back at 3, as that it when check in was. We came back at 3:30, only to hear that our room still was not ready. After waiting another 15 minutes, they told us we could go up, but that they were still cleaning, so we got to watch them vacuum &amp; finish cleaning our room. Not what you would expect for a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel! For the money you spend, I would highly recommend looking into another hotel. There are plenty to choose from.	
Aug 20 2003	See yourself at the Sherry-Netherland	Many years ago, as a student and NYC taxi driver, I got to see every building in the city, again and again. This hotel is the most beautiful in the city architecturally, and I finally got the chance to stay there early this year. Nearly everything is worthy of the legend; the lobby is exclusive and quiet, though welcoming, and is beautifully appointed. The elevators have hand-painted details with medieval style art showing animals and flowers among the carved wood and coffered ceilings. The hallways are a bit to Plaza-ish for my taste, a bit too frou-frou but not as garish as the Plaza (as if something could be). Our Park View Suite was on a high floor at the corner; one side had a perfectly-framed view of the Empire State Building, while the majority of the windows looked out onto the park where we could see up to about 96th street on CPW. The bellman said that our room was John Travolta's favorite place to stay in New York (I immediately heard my own lying voice telling fares in the Taxi years ago that Mick Jagger had just got out of the cab, which usually made for a good story and a good tip). The room was gigantic by NYC hotel room comparison, and the fantasy-inspiring park view held our attention for quite a while before it slowly sank in that the room must have been decorated by the art director from Saturday Night Fever, and no wonder Travolta likes it. I would be surprised to see calculations showing that less than 35% of the walled surface was covered by mirrors, and the mirrors seemed to live in the bathroom where they covered every single inch of everything except the floor (marble), commode, counter, basin and ceiling. Utter reflectivity, and images of one's self cascading to infinity. Even the back of the bathroom door was completely covered in mirrors, in case you wanted to close it and shoot a sequel to &quot;Enter the Dragon&quot; there. Large brown sectional sofa with tan and brown pillows (I remember the '70s term - &quot;earth tones&quot;), sharply contrasting with a clean Biedermeier-style entertainment center and a large round glass dining table far, far too big for that part of the room. That's it for complaints, any my dwelling on them reflects $900 a night in different expectations. When I asked for a different room, something less-reflective, they said all the Park View suites were booked (and explained that each unit is actually a privately- owned condo, decorated by the owners).... But still, each staff person was helpful, friendly and unobtrusive. The nightly Godiva chocolates and daily flowers were cheerful. The room service from Cipriani's should be a model for everyone to follow. The bedroom had a walk-in closet where the kids delighted in hiding. The small kitchenette had a full-size fridge which we stocked with items from Katz's and Zabar's and Balducci's. We had a terrific time- with the views, the service, proximity to the park and Wollman Rink, the immense room space, and the happiness we got just from looking at the structure. It's the architecture and the location that made me want to stay there, and if they write to say they've dropped Steve Rubell from the interior design contract, we'll happily go back anytime.	
Jan 31 2003	The Best Time in NYC	I had the most wonderful time at the Sherry- Netherland. The staff was excellent and meets every need I had. They are some of the nicer people I have met in New York. I would definitely recommend the Sherry- Netherland to any one who likes a great view, great food, superior service and a need for elegance in a more old school style. Take my word for it a night at the Sherry is a night you will never forget. The most miraculous thing about the Sherry- Netherland aside form its location is it quite serenity. Not only are they very discreet about all matters they have your best interest at heart and will upgrade you with out giving it a second thought. I loved my time there and I am sure you will to.	
