Oct 17 2009 	Decent and affordable accomodations in Midtown Manhattan	My girlfriends and I were looking for an affordable, centrally located place to stay in NYC to attend a concert at the Manhattan Center and the Comfort Inn Midtown West was just that! Hundreds of dollars cheaper then some of the other commercial names like Marriott and Hilton and still within walking distance of all the major sights. It wasnt luxurious and it was rather small..but...it was cheap, clean, decent and for the money, hands down the best value in the area. I wouldnt reccomend it for a romantic weekend, but for a weekend of partying, where your not really spending much time in the room it'll meet the basic hotel requirements.	
Sep 24 2009	enjoyable stay friendly staff!!	i travelled to new york on a school trip there was over 70 students and 10 teachers..half of us stayed in this hotel! when we arrived there was 3 people to a room..ok there was barely room to move but it was very clean!! on our first night we nearly over flowed the bath..ok so wer from ireland..we didn press the little button to change it from bath to shower usually u unplug it n heypresto!! but we called reception and they sent up Mark :) he was such a laugh and we all made friends with him over the trip! thanks for teaching us how to use the bath!! the breakfast was really nice..making your own waffles n fresh donuts were amazing! the lifts are reaally slow! take the stairs!! and the view wasnt great from our room but our friends were near the top and the view was amazing! overall it was a pleasant stay and i would recomend it to anyone on a budget!!	
Sep 11 2009 	Marginally OK Experience	We booked a room with king bed. The staff did not say anything when we checked in. Only we went to our room that we found there was a double bed tucked into the corner. We went back to the front desk right away. The staff told us there was a flood in the hotel and there was no alternative. We could change to a room with a kind bed the next night. As we booked through Expedia and the room was paid for, there would be no compensation whatsoever. After much negotiation, we could have a late check-out on our last day. The size of the double room was ok but the bed was placed against the wall with the air-conditioner. There was no surface in the bathroom to put our toiletries. The next morning we had to pack all of our stuff and move out from the double room. We had to catch the statue cruise ferry so it was a rush. I left my alarm clock in the room. Even I informed the front desk in the same evenng, the alarm clock was never found. We stayed in a room with a king size bed on the 2nd &amp; 3rd nights. It was a bit cramped and may not have enough space to open more than 1 large suitcase. We only had 2 small suitcases so we managed. Would advise others to travel light. The bathroom was better than the previous one. The good things about the hotel are that continental breakfast was included and it was adequate; there is also free high speed internet and flat screen TV. The hotel may not be located in the nicest area but we walked to the hotel from subway and Times Square late at night without any problems.	
Aug 22 2009 	That terrible experience	The family room was so small that was impossible to open baggage or to move. The air conditioner was near to bed, staff wasn't polite and helpful, in particular a young woman who had been aggressive and insolent. Linen was stained. That is a awful hotel. It Isn't near Times Square but is need to walk for a long.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location in Manhattan - walking distance to most places of interest!	We stayed here for a week in the beginning of June 2009.Since it was the first time in NY in a long time we wanted a nice hotel, at a decent price at a good location. Some research and checking the different booking sites yielded this hotel.It may not be the cheapest out there, but we've done worse.Upon arrival we were given a room on the 9th floor. Unfortunately there was a problem with the bed. The handyman (don't have a better name for him) came and had a look at it. Since it couldn't be fixed easily we were given another room on the top floor (15th). Once settled in there everything was great!Apart from that little hurdle at the beginning I can only be positive about the hotel. The general manager, mister M., was very friendly and helpful. The aforementioned handyman was also always friendly and up for some light conversation when we ran into him.The hotel is about 15-20 minutes walking from Madison Square garden / Penn station, add another 10 or so minutes and you're at the Empire State Building. Times Square can be reached on foot as well. If you like aircraft carriers and navy/marine planes, walk to the west and you'll be at the Intrepid Sea/Air/Space museum - worth a visit.The nearest subway station is unfortunately also about 10+ minutes walking - but that shouldn't be a problem for most people.The hotel serves a great breakfast (it's free, but it's pretty tasty!) daily; make your own waffles, a selection of juices, milk, tea, coffee. White/wheat bread, donuts, other pastry, bagels, fruit, cereal ... excellent!If/when we visit NY again we will definitely stay here.Compliments to the staff!	
May 31 2009 	Best Bang for you Buck--Good location nice rooms!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for two nights and we thought it was great! Room was small but newly renovanted, modern and clean. Our view was so amazing since we asked for a high floor (floor 12) and we had views of the city and even alittle bit of the empire state building. Air conditioner and bathroom water were a bit loud. Breakfest was okay but nothing to rave about, make your own waffles, danishes, bagels, muffins and toast. Staff okay. Close to metro and walking distance to times square and food places. I would think this place was better then the listed 1 1/2-2 star rating. If you dont want super fancy, just a clean nice place to stay, this place was great. We payed $115 a night.	
Feb 18 2009 	One night of horror one night of awesome.	The first night was terrible. Worst hotel experience of my life. Not only did they try to move me to another location 2 miles away (very far from where I had to be), but they stuck me in a smoking room when I finally got my room back (when I specifically booked non-smoking, as proven by the receipt I presented to them). I have horrible allergies to smoke, and the room was truly disgusting with the stink of old cigarettes. Ashes were even left in the ashtray from the previous tenant. I couldn't sleep, and when I told them that it was a real health condition, they were unconcerned. It took a call from my company's CEO before they put an 'air purifier' into my room, which was a little, LOUD blocky fan from 1970 - which shut off every hour, prompting me to get out of bed frequently to turn it back on, for whatever minimal way it was saving my lungs. The window in the room didn't open, either - I would have settled for a window I could open.When the toilet backed up within 10 minutes of checking in, they told me to go out and find a plunger in the hallway. I had to climb over a pile of garbage and vacuum cleaners in the 5th floor landing to finally secure a plunger.The blanket on my bed was badly stained. Needless to say, it was a miserable, disgusting experience.By night 2, I was moved up to the 14th floor, which was MUCH better maintained, had a fancy widescreen TV, no horrible stench, a working toilet, and clean sheets. I actually slept pretty comfortably. It's clear that the maintainance of this hotel is uneven, so I wouldn't recommend the crap-shoot that is booking a room with them.Get it right the first time.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Value	This was our second trip to NYC. We decided to book something closer to Times Square since most of our planned activities were in or near there. We were there from Dec 24 to Dec 28. The staff was very friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Breakfast in the morning was simple (cereal, toast, bagels, belgian waffles, muffins, pastries, etc.) but fresh and satisfying. We never had a problem getting a seat in the breakfast area. There was also fresh coffee, juice and hot water for tea and hot chocolate available all day/night and free. We had a room with a king size bed and private bath. The room was a little small, but typical for New York. We found our room and throughout the hotel to be well maintained and clean. The area was a little run down looking, but we felt completely safe and we were quite close to the subway @ 34th St. During our stay we didn't take a single taxi, we either walked or took the subway, spending about $35 for the two of us to get around. Last September we stayed at the Riverside in the Upper West Side, this was a much nicer area and the rooms were larger, however were quite run down. I would stay at either of these hotels again, it would just depend on our itinerary and where we had most of our activities planned.	
Dec 11 2008 	Comfort Inn is A-Ok in my book	In response to Ms fussy_princess We were there on 22nd to 26th April 08. Just a few days after u left. It is unfortunate that you had bad experience during your stay. On the contrary we were happy with the place.The room was clean and yes we agree it is small but not as small as our bathroom here in Singapore. Unless you are rich of course u will have a bigger bathroom.To the rest who are thinking of staying here,We booked a King size room via Hotel.com. Room is clean but small with free wireless Internet. TV channel nothing much but we were too tired to watch anyway. We don't find the place noisy at all eventhough it is very near to Lincoln Tunnel.The staff there were friendly and efficient. The surrounding area may look unsafe but we felt safe walking back after midnight (my husband walk around by himself alone and came back around 4am in the morning 2 nights in a row) Attached bathroom look tired but clean. There's coffee maker and hair dryer as well.There's only 1 lift sometimes you need to wait for awhile. (Especially breakfast time)Subway is 5 to 10mins walk away and there are 2 bustops at 8th and 9th avenue which is much nearer than the subway. Breakfast is same everyday but satisfactory. Just be sure to come down early to avoid the crowd. We usually take away food from nearby restaurant and had our meal at the breakfast area as they have drinks available all all time.To muslims, there's 1 halal rest (pakistani food) nearby and 1 halal pizza shop within walking distance. Their Pizza is fabulous and much much better and cheaper than Lombardi's Pizza.Opposite the Pizza shop there is a Chinese own restaurant buffet style that sells food by weight. Looks yummy but we got no time to try as there's too many yummy restaurant around. For WhiteCastle fanatics, there's a branch nearby the pizza place.No complaint from us but we wish the room rates could be more cheaper. Will post up some pictures once i manage to dig it out from my comatosed harddisk.To the hotel staffs and management.. Great Job! We will be coming back next year April again. We hope the renovation will be completed by then.	
Nov 21 2008 	Very Friendly Staff	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Convention Center NY in the first week of November. me and my partner were so happy. The room was cozy but very clean and comfortable. The staff were excellent. The frontdesk person Rukon was very nice to us and help us out to find the near location for shopping. when we came from shopping very late at night. The nightman Ravi was kind enough to make a fresh coffee for us. Next day morning the Breakfast was good too.At the check out when the manager explain us about the renovation of the hotel we were thrilled. we will sure come back to this hotel again.Thank you.	
Oct 28 2008 	good value	Read all the reviews here. Just got back. Have to agree, staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms very clean and beds / bathroom made and re-stocked every day. breakfast was excellent, make your own waffles. All food very fresh. We were there early so had no problem with seating but the dining area is not large. You would have to take the breakfast to your room if you could not get a seat.On first impression, the area does not look good (go to google earth pavement view). Gem hotel over the road is also owned by same person (no breakfast there). 20 min walk to Times Square. Nearest bus / subway is 2-3 blocks away. Although area looks bleak, we walked home most nights with no problems and felt quite safe (2 females). There is some form of mens hostel next door but no problems. However we had booked a Lincoln to take us to the airport (arranged via the hotel for 7.15pm). At 7.30 it had not arrived, so hotel rang again. Eventually arrived 25 mins late. Very stressful journey Lincoln Tunnel blocked with traffic going to a big game in Phladelphia. Chinese driver who hardly spoke english. Got very agitated when we told him we were late, not a pleasant journey to Newark airport. Once we got to the airport, we gave him the agreed fare and a tip of $10. Said we had not paid enough !Brian is the manager at the hotel, do yourself a favour and drop this company. Unreliable, and dishonest.	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent value for money	Marks from 0 to 10:Value: 10 (My rate was US$ 189(taxes included for three persons). Rooms: 9(a bit small)Location: 9(10 minute walk from nearest subway station, but within walking distance to Times Square and surroundings.Cleanliness: 10Service: 10Continental Breakfast: 9 (it is not 10 because the breakfast room is very, very small.Additional features:Free local calls. Free newspaper from monday to friday. Free orange juice and coffee in some parts of the day.Free left luggage room, very convenient when your flight back is later than check-out time.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great Price and Great Location	Spent six nights at this hotel. The rooms were basic but were clean and comfortable and had everything we needed. The staff were friendly, courteous and helpful.The self-service breakfast was basic but served its purpose and the food was fresh.The location of the hotel was great. It was 10/15 minutes walk from Times Square and nowhere near the price of the hotels there. It is close to the Port Authority bus station, Subway and Empire State and many shops.At first, I thought the area may have been a bad neighbourhood but I had no problems at all even late at night. Like any city, you need to be careful. There is a NYPD precinct on 35th street which also made me feel more secure.The only complaint I would have is the noise as it is very close to an entrance to a tunnel to New Jersey. I bought some ear plugs and slept like a log.If you want to pay a lot moreand enjoy luxury, go somewhere else. If you want to explore New York and not spend a fortune on hotels, this place is ideal. I was very happy with it.	
Apr 17 2008 	Worst experience EVER!!!!!	Did not even unpackThis was the worst experience ever!!!!From the time we pulled up to the minute we left was around 2 hrs too long The staff were not helpfull, I booked a non smoking room and got a smoking room only to be told we booked a smoking room.They told us we had to wait another 20 mminutes for another room to be availvable, it was nit until my husband went back down stairs around 40 minutes later, they said oh! we were just about to call you we have another room ready, double with a single, but we have to move you again tomorrow.The bathroom floor was filthy, hair all ovet it, and hair in the bed.The room was soo small my bathroom at home is bigger.,I felt very unsafe in the hotel and in the area,We had just enough time to log on to the internet find another hotel at the last minute and leave.Note: There are a few Comfort Inns in New York York this is the reveiw for the one on 442 West 36th Street.	
Mar 23 2008	Great Location!!	It was two blocks away from Time Square! I stayed with my Aunt so we had two double beds and a small washroom. The breakfast wasn't anything fancy, but for a great location in the center of New York AND a pretty cheap price, it was perfectly acceptable.	
Feb 21 2008	Friendly  helpful staff	We have just returned after spending 4 nights in New York and had a magnificent time. The Comfort Inn was a great hotel, very clean with a really great breakfast which included waffles, toast, doughnuts, cereal, fruit and coffee, there was also free coffee in the lobby, available 24/7.The room was quite small but very clean and as it is just a base it really did not matter. The hotel itself is in a very good location if you are walking (5 mins from Macys and The Empire State Building). Any location we visited which was not in walking distance we took the Metro (subway) which was very reasonable ($2 one way or $7 for a 1 day unlimited pass). We found this a great way to get around.We found the staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and gave us help with everything, from how to use a phone card (which cost $10 and lasted for a long time when phoning the UK), to which train to get on the Metro. Overall an excellent stay and well recommended for what we paid.	
Feb 18 2008 	Excellent location	I choose this hotel due to the location. I have been to new york many times before and love being near macys and within 5 minute walk to the empire state building. It also only took about 20 minutes to get to times square. The reception staff were great ordered us a takeaway one night and booked our taxi for our return to JFK. They were really helpful with information on getting to woodbury common which i highly recommend for bargain shopping. The rooms were nothing fancy but you dont want that from a city hotel if you are out and about alot like i am. It was clean and tidy. We didnt hear any noise at night time from the outside streets so i would suggest anyone staying here to request a high floor room. The hotel does have 2 lifts. We booked a room with 2 beds in which were really comfortable with loads of pillows. Bathroom was clean and spacious. Thats all you need really. The breakfast was a good start to the day. They had fruit juices, water and tea and coffee included and a good choice of breads, bagels, croissants, donuts and waffles. the lobby had free tea and coffee all day. Overall this hotel is an excellent location and good value for money. I would recommend this to anyone. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 16 2008 	Near the Lincoln Tunnel But So What.	Small hotel quiet &amp; clean. A few blocks away from the &quot;main drag&quot; near 10th Avenue and the Lincoln Tunnel. If you're goal is to get a good view of the city, this isn't necessarily a 'romantic' location. However, this hotel serves basic needs and is a real value especially when found at a price less than $200 a night.	
Jan 4 2008 	Nicely Renovated	We've stayed at this hotel several times and were delighted with the room renovations. It seems that they've done a walls-out re-do with fresh colors, clean bathroom, good mattress. Staff remain professional and helpful. Location is great for everything. We found two new restaurants nearby, Becco and John's Pizza, that are worth visits.	
Dec 13 2007 	Just got back from staying at this hotel (7th). Couldn't fault it one bit.	This hotel is ideal for the price. Stayed 3 nights. Room a bit small for 3 adults but thats to be expected in New York. But it was lovely and warm and in a quiet location. The best part was the breakfast, what a bonus : Toast, Doughnuts, Waffles, Cereal, Fruit, Boiled eggs, Juice, Coffee, and as much as you like. Really sets you up for the days site seeing and shopping. Location is pretty good. Make a right as the Americans say and your on 34th street looking straight ahead at the empire state building, just stroll along 2 blocks and your at Penn Station Subway and from there you can get anywhere if you don't like to walk. But i think this is the only way to enjoy the Big Apple.	
Dec 9 2007 	Get a room with 3 beds!	There were 2 of us, but we booked a room with 3 beds figuring it will be larger (same amount as one with 2 beds). It was bigger and on the top floor - worked out great, breakfast sufficient, oom clean, 2 elevators, right next to Flatiron building, very nice location, quiet steet facing a church. Great time, very helpful staff.	
Nov 11 2007	Great Hotel Great Price for NYC	I went to NYC for a weekend of shopping and stayed at this hotel. It was a great bargain. The room was not that big but had plenty of room for my shopping bags and to be comfortable. The price was not bad either. I can't say enough good things about the staff. They were very helpful. The hotel even provided a continental breakfast that was enough to get you going first thing in the morning. The only thing about this hotel was that it was a few blocks away from Herald Square, Times Square and Broadway, about a 15-20 minute walk. The neighborhood was safe and I didn't feel threatened. I'd stay here again.	
Jun 30 2007 	Its the motion in the ocean...	Who says that bigger is better??? Not I !!!The staff was wonderful and curtious. The rooms are a lil bit small but it didnt matter because it was clean and well maintained. We got a great quiet room with a wonderful view. Also you can save money by eating the free breakfast.	
Jun 16 2007	not bad at all!	We stayed her in may 2007, shared a room with our son, 3 people in one room.Room was a little small, so was the bathroom, but what does anyone need when he's in NY, just a place to sleep and to wash up.The hotel was resonably clean.Breakfast was suprisingly good, even tough the breakfastroom was small too.Staff was very friendly and helpfull.We thought it was not a bad hotel, considering price and location, we would stay here again if we could come to this great city one more time.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great deal for price	Stayed here Memorial Day weekend. Basic King room on 13th floor was $179 a night. Great view. Only 4 rooms per floor. Light breakfast included, great way to start day. Quiet. Two long blocks and 2 short blocks to subway at 34th and 8th. 10-15 walking minutes from Times Square. Close to Penn Station if you want to catch train to Newark Airport. Room was clean and cleaned nicely each day, staff friendly. Held bags on last day after checkout. Free internet, free breakfast, it all adds up. Good location if you want to stop by room to clean up or rest before evening after day out. Not a great location if you don't want to walk some (but New York City is a walker's town). For the price, would be hard to beat in Midtown.	
Apr 1 2007 	Functional safe no frills decent free breakfast	My wife and I stayed there March 29-30, 2007. This hotel has the basics and nothing more or less. The staff was friendly and helpful although we spent little time at the hotel so we didn't deal much with them. The room was the size of a postage stamp but my wife and I love each other so we managed. I liked the in-room safe. The bathroom was clean and there was plenty of hot water, towels, soap, etc., but the shower faucet was loose so the temperature control was iffy. The free breakfast was fine. Although the hotel is located between two busy streets, 9th and 10th Avenues, it feels isolated. But not unsafe. The area is well lit. There's a food pantry next door but we couldn't tell. The area seems to be in the midst of gentrification but there is still a warehouse feel to it. The hotel is located within walking distance of Penn Station, which is how my wife and I got there after we checked out. Cabs are generally obtained by waving them down in front of the hotel. But sometimes you may need to walk a half-block to the gas station on 10th Avenue which seems to be an unofficial cab stand. The hotel's isolation is the only reason I would not stay there again. Otherwise, I recommend it.	
Mar 28 2007	teeny tiny	located near the Javitts center, easy walk, very small room, old decor, old furniture and bedding but sheets and towels clean, only one elevator, decent continental breakfast, friendly staff. If this is all you can afford it is clean enough but don't expect any frills or luxury, not even glass glasses, plastic and paper, windows don't open so air is stuffy.	
Mar 24 2007 	Budget property - Decent location	First of all, there are FIVE Comfort Inns in Manhattan. I am certain some of the views on this page were written for the wrong hotel. Reviews dated Dec.27 and Aug. 28 for sure, this is NOT the Comfort Inn Manhattan, it is the Comfort Inn on 36th just adjacent to the Javits Center, it has only 56 rooms (only 5 per floor), obviously used to be some sort of housing project or budget apartment building.It is extremely budget, no frills! See photos on Orbitz. I thought I was booking the CI Manhattan. Although we saw workers mopping the floors and doing some maintanence, the hotel was not clean. The baseboards in our room had 3 inches of dust and dirt. The bedspread had cigarette burns. It is just an old hotel, I thought I had read they had renovated it some years back, maybe it sees a lot of group traffic. The hotel is in a great location for the Javits Center, but is on a run-down street with mostly vacant buildings. I felt uneasy walking back to the hotel late at night. Madison Square Garden is 3-4 blocks, Macys and a Subway station. On a good note, the parking (1 1/2 blocks away) was reasonable at $25 per day for an SUV, and the Continential breakfast was Comfort Inn standard and fine. There is no real lobby, staff is friendly, security seems to be in place (we were called at 6am one morning to see if we were expecting a visitor). In addition, EASY in and out of the city, I-495 ends and starts right at the hotel. We had a great time in the city, but I would not stay here again.	
Feb 19 2007	Amazing!	Great value for the price--everything was very clean and well-maintained. Free breakfast in the morning with free juice and coffee served all day. The staff is knowledgeable about the area and very friendly. I'll definitely stay here again!	
Dec 27 2006 	Great place to stay in New York	The Comfort Inn Manhatten is the perfect place to stay if you are on a bargain shopping trip to New York.We booked this holiday with Virgin and as we arrived at JFK We were met with our transfer straight away and is was snowing!!!We arrived at the hotel and we were met by the hotel staff very welcoming and very helpful with lots of hints and tips of were to go and what to do....As we were only there for three days we had to cram everything in and were totally knackered and it was great to come back to a hotel with freindly faces and free tea and coffee!!And a fantastic room for the night and the most comfortable bed ever!!!This hotel is basic.But when you get too New York it is the city that never sleeps so you wont be in your hotel much!!!!The Subway is the bast way to travel and there is a subway at the end of 36th Street and the hotel will give you advice on buying tickets etc..The hotel is also a couple of blocks away from The empire state building and we were on the 7th floor and we could see this from our window(If you look up!!!)Macys is also within walking distance....Plus you get a exellent breakfast too set you up for the day...Fantastic thats all I have to say....Enjoy if your going there I would definitely go back:-)	
Dec 12 2006	Nice place to stay	A small but over all nice hotel just a few blocks away from &quot;Times Square&quot; and &quot;The Empire State Building&quot;. Me and my boyfriend stayed there this october and we thought it was really nice. The rooms where pretty small but on the other hand it´s not your hotel-room you want to see in New York! The hotel is on a quite noisy street on the days but not in the evenings. You sleep well! The breakfast is an average continental breakfast, we are from Sweden so we liked the n.y bagels because you can´t get alot of these back home :)The staff is polite and our favorite is DAVE at the front desk - he helped us with EVERYTHING! Where we should eat, shop and what to see in the city. A really nice and helpfull man! :)If we where going to New York City once more we certenly would stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 18 2006	Excellent for those site seeing in Manhattan	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights.We found that the hotel was in a great and safe location. It's only 6 blocks away from the Empire State building, even closer to Penn station for access to the airports and has a police station very close by so no worries about security (not that you have to worry about this in Manhattan anyway). It is not, as someone mentioned close to the flat iron building (think they put the review against the wrong hotel).The rooms are small but that's to be expected in one of the most expensive real estate places in the worlds. It wasn't to small that my sister and I couldn't fit to large bags in though. Also given that as tourists I think we just slept in the room and showered size wasn't that important.The rooms are very clean and the beds are comfortable. The hotel staff couldn't be more helpful even though New Yorkers can appear a touch cold to begin with.The breakfasts are basic. Cereal, coffee, muffins, doughnuts, waffles etc.. and are self service but if you don't like them then there are loads of cheap options to eat out close by.All in all I would highly recommend this hotel as a cheap (for Manhattan anyway) option. As they say you get what you pay for.	
Aug 28 2006 	Good place to stay a few days	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan Chelsea for 2 nights with our family of 4 (2 kids). Had one of the suites, 2-double/1king-bed. The hotel was perfect for us. Had a good breakfast, rooms were very clean and enough space for all of us. Shower was very clean too.We definately can recommend this hotel. Its just around the corner from Flat Iron Building, easy access to subway, walkin distance to Union Square and even Empire State Building.Went there with rental car and could leave the car at nearby parking lot (18 USD/day with hotel receipt), recommended from hotel. Was good value.	
Jun 4 2006 	Good value  but remember you have to walk	I stayed there 31st May- 3 June. Overall, good experience what is stated in the previous message is perfect. The only thing is: You are abt more or less 600 meters from the nearest subway, so if You plan to move a lot, recall that... Moreover, I would not have liked to be in that street alone in the dark: might be is only the apperance, everything went nice, but it really seems a bad street. People of the hotel are friendly, breakfast is average.When I arrived I was a little bit impressed that, to enter the hotel, You had to go down some stairs.. .it is an acceptable hotel if You simply want to have a sound sleep , but if You want to have a &quot;representative&quot; hotel, look for something different	
May 22 2006	Clean - Safe - Good Value	This was are second trip to Manhatten, and it was a lot better than are first where we stayed at the dreaded Carter Hotel in Time Square.....DO NOT STAY THERE. The comfort inn on 36th street is a good value, it's clean, modern bathroom, and heat/AC, cable TV (I know that seems like it should be a given, but it's not at some hotels in NYC) friendly staff, rooms are pretty small, but it's New York City, so unless your prepaired ro pay up into the high three figures your not going to get much better near midtown. We drove into the city, and the hotel is right by the Lincoln tunnel, and parking is right next to the place at $25 a day, however make sure you get validated at the hotel, or they will charge over $50 a day. Overall great for the price, and i'll stay there again.Good Luck	
May 12 2006	Enjoyed my stay	My family stayed in several rooms during the weekend of April 20-24, 2006. The hotel was conveniently located near the site of the wedding. The room was fine - comfortable and clean. The staff was curteous and helpful. I have no complaints.	
Apr 18 2006	Comfort Inn: Pleasant Surprise	A previous reviewer stated this Comfort Inn was a block from Time Square. This one on 36th street obviously is not. But just the same, it's a walkable 6 blocks or so (about a 15 minute walk). The subway is about a two block walk. Price is about $100 less for comparable space. (Small but decent sized bathroom which was spotless). The staff was helpful and friendly. Kid liked the 24 hour hot chocolate machine. Cont. Breakfast was OK. Frankly, one is not in the room but to sleep, so why pay the extra money. This place is clean and the neighborhood while not much to look at seemed safe to me. I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.	
Mar 30 2006	great location-good value!	This is a very basic Comfort Inn but the location cannot be beat! 1 block from Times Square, 2 blocks to Rockfeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, shopping and many resturants are nearby. The rooms are not large but not teeny-tiny either. But really how often are you in your rooms in a city like NY??!! The room we stayed in was nice size with an adequate size bathroom.Overall if you are looking for a location close to all the tourist spots-this is your place!	
Jan 18 2006	if your ok with small places	i took my disabled sister to new york and stayed here.unfortunaly this is not a disables friendly hotel.rooms very small, had to carry her from door of the room to the bed, then dismantle wheel chair.lifts where hardly ever in use.nice little irish bar over road.staff were ok, but not helpful at all with my sisterbeing disabled.if you can afford to, try book a better one.the hotel is good for location with being a few minswalk from macys.	
Jan 11 2006	Not bad not great	I read all of the reviews before booking and was a little nervous after seeing some of them. I was surprised when I arrived to find that the hotel really wasn't in such a bad area. It seemed clean and was close to what I needed to be close to and the price was great.The only real problem I had was the fact that when I was eating breakfast in the lobby area on my third morning, a rather large insect (not quite sure if it was a cockroach or something else) scurried across the floor a couple of times. For some people, that might not be such an issue, but it was for me. I slept with one eye open for the next 2 nights. I wouldn't stay there again, solely for that reason. I'd gladly pay another $100 a night for a bug-free hotel.	
Jan 8 2006	Good value for the money	This hotel, while a bit off the beaten path, was very basic but also very clean. Continental breakfast was nothing special but a nice bonus, and they do keep the area open all day so coffee and juices are free all the time. Only four rooms per floor, which keeps the hotel rather quiet. The rooms are small but perfectly serviceable and adequate for those who want clean, basic accommodations in Manhattan without paying an arm and a leg. Amici 36 two blocks east is a fantastic place for a reasonable lunch!	
Jan 1 2006	The good the not so good and the bad....	We stayed for two nights in the busiest period just before New Year, and I booked this hotel because there was nothing else available at reasonable cost. I'm glad that I read previous trip advisor reviews, which meant that I didn't have high expectations.First, the good - the hotel staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel looks shabby inside and out but the public areas are actually very clean. The king size bed in our room was very comfortable and again the room and bathroom were very clean. The serve yourself breakfast offers a good choice and as much as you want to eat, and similarly the free hot drinks machine available for guests at all times is a welcome facility. Amici 26 on the corner of 36th and 8th is a real find - hot and cold buffet food, homely soups and all sorts of snacks and pastries that you can eat in or take back to the hotel 5 minutes walk away.The less good - the feel of the hotel is more like a hostel. You get used to it quickly but it is a utility experience. The room heater (not working initially but quickly fixed by the maintenance man) pushes out tepid air rather noisily. Similarly the hot water for the bath and shower was too cool for my liking on max although the sink was fine.The location is not bad - a bit distant from the main drag particularly in pouring rain but subways and buses are close by if needed. The bad - definitely the room size, which was tiny by any city's standards. There was nowhere to put our two fairly large cases (we had been travelling in the US previously) and to use the in-room coffee machine provided we would have had to move the wardrobe to get to the power point. We didn't bother and just got drinks from the lobby. We paid maximun price for our two nights ($400 with taxes etc) and this felt overpriced given the very basic nature of the hotel.A two night stay was okay given that we were out most of the time - but I wouldn't have wanted to stay any longer in such a confined space.	
Nov 21 2005	Clean Comfortable	A co-worker and I stayed at the Comfort Inn for a night during our weekend in NYC (11/13). After reading various reviews of different places I was very nervous as to what to expect. This hotel worked well for us. It was very clean; this is what concerned me the most. I did not see 1 bug of any sort. The bathroom was also very clean, as well as bedding, towels (yes there were plenty for 2 girls), the floor, etc. The room was ready without any problems, all items in the room worked. A few things I have seen mentioned in previous reviews: Yes there is not much of a view, but I did not pick this hotel for the view, I picked it as a place to rest after sightseeing. Yes it is a little off the beaten path, but not once did I fear for our safety and not once did anyone bother us (we walked at night and day; and also took cabs to and from). What the location did offer was a quiet sleeping environment; forgot I was in the city. It did get a little noisy around 6:30am (we were by the elevators) could have been the cleaning people, late night partiers or early risers; whichever it was, it was not untolerable. We slept in and missed the continental breakfast; encountered no problems with staff. This place worked well as a nice, very clean and affordable (by NYC standards) resting spot.	
Oct 24 2005	Good Value for money!	We had checked a number of hotel reviews before we settled on this particular Comfort Inn. The outside of the hotel is a bit ominous, but overall the hotel does the job. The hotels rooms were exceptionally clean and a good size. The only disadvantage is that there is only one plug socket in the room and it is in the bathroom. The rooms are cleaned thoroughly each day. We had been advised about the breakfast, and I have to say, it was excellent. A wide range of fresh food, doughnuts, bagels, muffins and fruit, and there was plenty of it. The staff were helpful and friendly. The hotel is situated in a bleak street, but it is only a few blocks away from Macys etc and nearby shops. Overall, if you know what to expect, I would recommend this hotel and we would certainly stay again as it is reasonably priced and because you spend most of the day out and about it does the job.	
Sep 26 2005	Great stay but Staff needs Improvement	For the price we paid, it was a good deal. Rooms were very clean, area was quiet and walking distance to Times Square and Fashion Way. Subway was close by and convinient. I have to say when we first arrived we were skeptical because the area was questionable and staff was rude. The area appeared to be bad but after the second night we totally felt comfy walking around an getting to know the area. I went with 2 other girls and we would walk to the pizza stand 2 blocks up with no trouble. BTW, Halal Pizza is the best @ 3am after clubbing! Anyhoo, the only thing I would say needs to improve is the staff. They did not offer us help w/the luggage and when we inquired about someone being able to help us with the luggage they looked @ us like we were nuts. We had to use the luggage cart and haul it up and down ourselves. The night staff was far more helpful, the gentleman who worked the night shift was so sweet and worth going back to stay. The good overrides the bad. The hotel had wireless access, clean rooms, continental breakfast, and quiet location. Rooms are a bit small as expected for NY, wouldnt recommend the room for more than 3 people.	
Sep 20 2005	I plan to go there again...here's why...	For the price and the city it's excellent. Out of the way area makes it quiet. Rooms were immaculate and comfortable. Free breakfasts too if you actually get up that early. Staff was uniformly professional. friendly, courteous and helpful whenever needed. Thus the impressions of a middle-aged single male. The location is spartan in terms of action or entertainment which is perfect for me but might not be what you'd be looking for if you are with kids you want to dazzle. I stayed there almost 2 weeks and it actually grew on me. Modest, no glitz, clean as can be, midtown around the garment district and a hell's kitchen that is no more....between Dyer and 10th...javitz visible......walk down a few steps to the little lobby........taxis everywhere because one of the places they come from is a block away...walking distance to theatre district and not much farther to soho.......absolutely quiet and you'll get a good night's sleep...what it doesn't offer in terms of being in the thick of it is a definate plus. A few years earlier in town I stayed at a nice room at the Plaza before it started going condo and I definately know about more fully featured places. And without reservation I tell you I had more fun (and saved more) this trip staying at the Comfort Inn on 36th. Also it made me feel closer to the city...going to the drugstore, using the laundromats, talking to people......as a visitor the place you stay will color your whole trip.....so it matters......i had a fine time and nothing about this place interfered...it did it's job perfectly.	
Aug 2 2005	Cheap clean great stay	Read a number of reviews here before booking a stay at the Comfort Inn near the Jacob Javitz center. Despite complaints from some here I found the place to be an excellent value and an above average all around hotel. The hotel is located between 9th and 10th on 36th street, and I understood complaints about the hotel being located on a pair of dead blocks - 36th between 10th and 8th don't have businesses or stuff on them, just a highway, parking lot, etc. But on 10th and 8th there are businesses so its not like the area is ominous (I'm a single woman who lives in a city), especially during the day it's industrial but not far from shops. I never ended up walking this stretch at night alone, which might have been a wee bit spooky, but this is NYC, the probability you'll take a cab back after a night out is high and that's mostly what I did. At least the location of the place ensures it is quiet, which my room was, on the 14th floor. The room clean and pleasant but tight - like all hotels I've stayed in in NYC - with about 2' of room around a big king bed. The coffeemaker in the room was much appreciated (no place to plug in but the bathroom, but I didn't care) as was free continental breakfast on the ground floor every morning. Hotel staff were very helpful, when asking for directions to a friend's house in Brooklyn one of the staff went so far as to print us out a map of how to get from the train to their place - super nice! I paid $162 for my stay and I'd definitely do it again. Go to the Comfort Inn Website for best prices - I paid &quot;internet users rate&quot; which was lower than on other sites.	
Jul 12 2005	Nice Reasonable 	I really don't understand the bad reviews of this place. We (I and 2 grown kids) stayed here for 4 nights and we had zero complaints. The staff is, contrary to the last poster, quite friendly and certainly helpful. We were on the 15th floor, so we loved our view. The room was clean and comfortable, though amazingly small. Still, it was large enough to squeeze an air mattress on the floor to sleep on.As for the location, it was a mere 10-minute walk to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, or our Broadway theaters. By the end of our visit, our feet were hurting, so we took taxis back from our Broadway shows. They cost us $5-$7 (for all 3 of us). By the way, taxi drivers in NYC are nuts! Fasten your seat belts! The neighborhood was a bit gloomy at night, but we were never threatened. I wouldn't recommend an unaccompanied woman walking here at night. (In fact, there was a serial rapist attack just a few blocks away, while we were there.) While we were only 5 minutes from the nearest subway station, if you're arriving from the airport via subway, be sure your bags have wheels. Mine didn't, and I was wiped out!	
Jun 20 2005	Don't Stay Here	Bad neighborhood, rude staff, uncomfortable rooms. I'm really not hard to please at all and I realize we didn't pay for the Ritz, but this place is awful. If you have a few extra bucks a night, find something else. Terrible experience, will never return.	
Apr 29 2005	Simple and spare	We stayed there for a one night visit to see a show. The location is superb. It is in short walking distance to all the Bdwy. theaters. The hotel is small as are the rooms. They are clean and looked newly referbished. The bathrooms are modern and clean. The only view from the fourth floor window was a brick wall with no view of the sky or the ground. The morning breakfast was sparse. The staff was very competent and helpful but not overly friendly. This is a good place to see the city but do not spend too much time in the room.	
Mar 21 2005	The Good the Bad and the Ugly	My son and I booked 4 nights in NY as a 21st birthday present. I was last in NY in June 2004 and stayed at the New Yorker - which I gave an overall rating of 3 blobs based on position and value. We wanted a similar location and just a place to sleep, shower and shave at a budget price, (leaving more to spend, spend, spend) hence the Comfort Inn, however it was only when I called to confirm our reservations that I found I hadn't booked the 42 W. 35th St location but the one at 442 W. 36th Street. This was my mistake and is the Ugly part. The geographical location isn't too bad - it's the physical location that might put people off. BE SURE WHICH COMFORT INN YOU BOOK.The Bad is that the hotel itself has no street level frontage - you have to go down several steps although there is a lift for wheelchair access. You enter a reception lobby you couldn't swing a cat in which leads into an area of about 6 tables and chairs for the self-service buffet breakfast. We were there on St Patrick's Day and a lot of Irish celebrating the day were staying in the hotel - highlighting the problem of 'get in early if you want a table'. Some reviewers have knocked the choice for breakfast but if you want a quick fuel-up before tackling the sights and shopping, the choices are fine - cakes, bagels, toast, cereals, fruit, fruit juices and hot beverages. We saved a lot of time not having to look for somewhere to eat breakfast and coming back to the hotel late at night, instant hot drinks were very welcome. This was Good. Also Good was the room - twin beds, very clean, linens and towels changed every day - smallish but I've stayed in similar for twice the price. The hotel is too small to have a concierge and depending who's on duty, the staff don't know much about what's going on but they tried hard to help and meant well.Overall, when you take into account the cost, (the £/$ exchange rate makes everything look cheap), the good outweighs the bad, hence an overall 4 blobs. Would I stay here again? I'd probably try the 35th St one first, followed by the one on West 46th Street but if couldn't get in (I tried once I discovered my mistake but there were no vacancies), then if I was on a budget, I'd give the Comfort Inn on 36th another go - it's really only where it's located that's the problem.	
Mar 17 2005	Comfort Inn: off the beaten path	July 2004, we stayed in the Comfort Inn, W. 36th, between 9th and 10 Avenues. The triple room was quite small for the three of us. The price of the room was reasonable for mid-town Manhattan at $ 140 per night.The hotel is abit off the beaten path. It is located in a warehouse district with not alot of traffic or pedestrians in the areas....so beware walking at night. Overall, it worked for us and our budget.	
Feb 17 2005	loved the comfort inn	arrived early afternoon and was greeted with open arms (literally) rooms were basic but were very very clean. stayed in the comfort inn from 10thfeb-15th feb and only one lift was working as the 2nd one was being refurbished which was very annoying as we were on the 10th floor. the free breakfast was basic but set you up for the day which was good as we done a lot of walking! location of the hotel was absolutly superb and as i had mentioned, the staff was fantastic esp. alex at the front desk who gave us lots of friendly advice. i would definantly stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 6 2005	Not bad at all	I stayed at this Comfort Inn Dec 3-6 and did not see a problem with the hotel at all. I am a travel agent and I am use to staying in at least 3 star properties, but I found this hotel to be just fine. The room had new furniture and was always spotless each day. The continental breakfast was wonderful and after a long day of walking in the cold the free hot chocolate the hotel offered was perfect. The location of the hotel was not bad either. It is down an empty street but only really a block to the main streets. Staff was friendly and helpful when asked questions about the city. For the price this hotel would be worth staying at again next trip.	
Nov 11 2004	Electric shocks	On the first night I got an electric shock from the light switch, after that I turned it on and off using my rubber soled shoe! Second night the cover on the bathroom light fell off and frightened me half to death. Room was a smoking room but windows are non-opening so it absolutely stank of stale smoke. One of my colleagues arrived to find their room had been given away, despite every effort to check and double check with staff over the phone. Other than that, was clean but small and the front desk area crowded. Would not recommend.	
Oct 29 2004	Small Clean Quality Great Value	After reading reviews from this website, I decided to try the Comfort Inn on my first trip to NYC. I have never been impressed with Comfort Inn in the past, but this trip changed my opinion. First off, the rooms are VERY, VERY SMALL...to North America Standards. If felt more like the hotel I stayed in when in Paris, France. However, the rooms were CLEAN and well kept. The staff at the hotel were the excellent, offering great suggestions on things to do and places to eat. (Try the 24 hour diner a couple blocks from the hotel 9th &amp; 34th I think). Having a small breakfast of cereal, bread, donuts, bagels, fruit, coffee, tea, hot chocolate and juice topped off the stay. It was enough to get the body going for running around New York. Oh, one final thing...we were impressed with the other guests staying at the hotel. They seemed like quality people. I will stay at this Comfort Inn on any future trips to NYC...	
Oct 15 2004	Comfort Inn-Times Square area good place to stay	We stayed at the Comfort Inn 442 W-36th St in New York City on Sept 30 &amp; Oct 1, 04. (They have a 877 #) Had rode the bus from Philly (that's where we originally flew into) there and it was within walking distance--about 6 blocks. There were about 2-3 blocks you might not want to walk alone late at night---but we encountered no one scary---thing is we encountered no one period. I am a budget minded person who wants to get the most for the best price and I researched on the internet approx 20 hours. Paid $152.10 + tax per night for two people. Had a double bed and a single bed. Had booked two other hotels and then read bad reviews, so canceled each time. I would stay at this Comfort Inn again. Rooms were small but clean. Didn't like that the bottom sheet was not fitted, as it didn't stay in place. In the morning had a nice free continental breakfast with instant or dry cereal, donuts, bagels, coffee, milk, juice, tea. The juice, coffee, and tea were available all the ! time.It was about a 6 block walk to the main area that leads to Times Square. #1 thing to do if this is your first trip there---pay to ride the double decker tourist bus. Was $49.00 for 48 hours.....that's the best deal one. People are standing on the sidewalk areas by the bus stops selling tickets. You get to ride for 48 hours and hear the tourist guide tell you about the buildings and areas. We rode it from beginning to end the first day, then the 2nd &amp; 3rd day, rode it and got off and on at a couple of locations. At night there are street vendors who appear on corners. You can get some good deals----found a couple of vendors selling nice purses for $5.00. Most of the purse vendors selling the &quot;Prada&quot; and &quot;Gucci&quot; fake purses charge at least $25.00 per purse.Lots of places to eat from Subways to expensive. Every block has lots of deli's.Tons of people up all hours of the night.Our first trip there and I enjoyed it very much. There are two locations, if your are willing to stand in line for hours, to get half price Broadway tickets. Would recommend if you really want to see a Broadway play to get your ticket for full price ahead of time. Try playbill.com and sign up...maybe you might find a discount for a Broadway play there.New York people were friendly. Town was clean and air was clear.	
Sep 3 2004	Basic Clean	I just stayed here for 5 nights during the Republican Convention the week before Labor Day. Hotel was fine. Small, but clean and basic. Can't beat the price. location is near many things. Closest subway is at 34th and Penn Station which is about 4 blocks. general neighborhood is fine. Hotel is located on 36th between 9th and 10th. The 36th block between 7th and 8th made me a little nervous (being a younger woman in town alone), but walking down 34th and cutting across the 36th on 8th was fine I thought. Generally, I would plan to take cabs back to hotel if you are going to be out really late, but given the room price, you can afford lots of cabs :) I would stay again if I were looking for just a place to lay my head as I was this week. If I wanted to enjoy the HOTEL as part of my &quot;vacation experience&quot;, I wouldn't stay here. Breakfast was fine - muffins, cold cereal, coffee, tea and apple or orange juice. As I said, the place was fine - I felt safe and it was clean.	
Aug 31 2004	Recomended- Best Value in NY NY	It was a pretty good hotel. Everything was good there, good choice for breakfest. If you dont mind not having a few this is the best place to stay. I also stayed at the Crown Plazza where the price was like 300 bucks compaired to like 120, also the parking is cheaper here. It was overall a nice place to stay. I do reccomend it. It is not a five star hotel, but for the money I Recomend it!	
Aug 26 2004	Be very careful	Be very careful when booking your Comfort Inn hotel in Manhattan because there are three of them, not two as we thought, and this is the worst of the bunch. It is located down a deserted and menacing side street, you go down steps into it (the lobby if you can call it that) is effectively in a basement, the room we had was TINY and the a/c either froze you with a blast of cold air in your face or you had to leave it off altogether, and the view out of the window was a brick wall and the fire escape of the building opposite. We arrived at 11pm and had it been any earlier in the evening we would have been straight back out again. This place is more like a hostel than a hotel and it is only now we are home we realised there are actually three Comfort Inns in Manhattan and we had researched only two of them, and thought we had booked for one of those two, ie the Midtown and the Manhattan. This hotel will ruin your experience of NY, do not go there, save up for something better.	
Aug 13 2004	great hotel- good value for your money	My two girfriends and I just came back from New York City after staying for 3 nights in the Comfort Inn, New York. I have to agree with most of the other reviews that I read here on trip advisor and say that yes, this is a very nice and clean and comfortable hotel. For the money that we paid it was great value- we paid $116us per night plus taxes. We were pleasantly surprised to find a nice little hotel- very small and quiet but quite comfortable. The rooms are not large of course nor did we expect them to be for a New York City budget hotel, but we did find that they were quite nice-very clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom is a good, generous size and also very clean. The location is actually very good, as it is a 5 minute walk to the major areas and attractions-like Macy's-the Empire State Bldg and Times Square, Penn Station etc are not far from here. The hotel is situated on 36th and 10th avenue in a slightly seedy looking side street ,which is okay when you are walking back to the hotel in the day time but at night you may want to do what we did which was to walk along 34th (which always has people and stores and lights) until you get to 9th avenue, turn go along 9th to 36th and down 36th to 10th and the hotel is right there.The breakfast (7-10am) that is included with the price of your room is good- they offer tea, coffee, juice, mini muffins, donuts, bagels, toast/w/jam and cereal. The tea and coffee and juice is available all day long. When we got back to the hotel from shopping and sightseeing it was nice to grab a cup of something to take back to our room. All in all, I would have to say that I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are like most middle class travellers and are travelling on a budget and want good value for your money. If you are looking for luxury then this place is not for you. New York City is amazing-great food shopping and sightseeing- I can't wait to go back again.	
Jul 29 2004	clean central and very friendly staff	My boyfriend and I stayed at the comfort inn in december last year, and considering its excellent location, we think we really got good value for money. The staff were all so friendly and accomodating, especially the lovely Alex - this guy is like a one-man tourist information bureau!!! my boyfriend proposed to me during this holiday and the staff made a fuss of us and upgraded our room and generally made us feel special.Breakfast was good and plentiful - room was very very clean but a little old fashioned. I would definitley return to the comfort inn again - good value for money in a city full of expensive hotels. a thumbs up from me!	
Jul 3 2004	Would Never Recommend It!	My 2 sisters and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in Oct. 2003. Our room was so tiny that we literally had to jump over the bed to get to the closet. The window was approximately 24 inches wide and the view was a brick wall about 1 foot from the window. Every time we plugged in our hairdryer we had to turn off the air conditioner and t.v. or a fuse blew and we had to call the hotel desk to restore power. The staff was very rude and unfriendly except Alex on the front desk. The hotel is located on a side street in a less desirable area and we as 3 women felt nervous even during the day walking down the street. I would NEVER stay there again.	
Jun 16 2004	Haven't found better in NYC at this price range	I stayed here for the first time in March 2003 and again in May 2003. Rooms are small but adequate for sleeping. Staff were very helpful. Location not ideal but I could walk to theater district or to a subway stop to head elsewhere. I liked that the orange juice machine was kept filled around-the-clock and that there was an Internet connection available in the lobby area. Also, the hotel rooms are not so high that rescue by fire ladder would be impossible. On a trip to NYC in May 2004 I tried the Wellington Hotel (better location) but found the service to be substandard. I will probably return to this Comfort Inn on W. 36th next time or pay more for a slight upgrade in hotels. I would rate this hotel above average for its price range.	
May 10 2004	Great place to stay in NY	This is a very nice and clean hotel to stay while visiting NY City. It is about 5 blocks from Macy's and 8 blocks from the Empire State Building. The rooms are very clean and the front desk personnel were friendly and helpful. We paid $116.00 a night (AARP rate). Rooms are small, but I understand that all rooms are small in NY hotels. You are 2 blocks from 34th Street where the subway is. If you stay in 12th floor or above in rooms that end in 0 or 1, you get a great view of the NY skyline. Free breakfast was great, toast, bagels, cereal, fruit, coffee, and juice. There is also coffee in the room. Free Internet connection in the rooms also. I researched a lot of economical hotels and was more than pleased with my choice. 	
Apr 27 2004	Great Location but we had some problems....		
Apr 26 2004	Great Hotel Great Price OK Location		
Apr 12 2004	Good Hotel for Great Rate!		
Feb 2 2004	Dodgey Location		
Jan 10 2004	A great find!		
Dec 8 2003	Can't find better staff anywhere!!		
Dec 7 2003	first visit to new york		
Sep 19 2003	Good price convenient to public transportation		
Aug 25 2003	NYC's Best Kept Secret - Great Room and Service at Rock Bottom Prices		
Jun 16 2003	perfect for a few days in the big apple		
Aug 17 2009 	Buona per polli in batteria		
Jun 14 2009 	hôtel médiocre		
Apr 1 2009 	excelente calidad relacion-precio		
Nov 12 2007 	Bien situé		
May 27 2007	Für den Preis zu wenig Comfort		
May 15 2007	Super Lage		
