Nov 15 2009 	Moorish Zen in this NY-oasis	I've stayed in a lot of nice/luxurious/design/artyfarty/... hotels in my life, and I must say: The Greenwich Hotels has become a new favourite.Very stylish. Very relaxing. No cold NY-design. Gorgeous spa. The NY-answer to Hazienda Benazuza in Sevilla.My general advice: don't go there: keep the place exclusive... :-)	
Nov 9 2009 	Greenwich Hotel Nirvana in NYC	My wife's birthday was soon approaching and I was looking for something special and unforgettable that we could enjoy. I did some research and found that the Greenwich hotel style was attractive and the spa looked right up my wife's alley. So I booked a one bedroom corner fireplace suite for a Friday night getaway.We arrived by car service from Long Island, and I must admit the hotel entrance is difficult to locate, but privacy is a perk of this location. Once in the lobby you are enveloped in a sensory tease of what is to come. Aroma hinting of peony's, colors and textures that warm your heart. We were welcomed by Hallelujah who was staffing the front desk. He asked for my name and then asked me if I was ready. I asked ready for what, he said we were upgraded, REALLY upgraded. He then lead us for a quick tour of the lobby and drawing room and to the elevators for a lift to the 6th floor. We were rewarded with an upgrade to the most unbelievable suite I have ever laid my eyes on, the Greenwich Suite, a two bedroom, two floored masterpiece with 30 foot windows and fireplace. We were speechless and on the verge of giddy as Hallelujah lead us on the grand tour. He explained the lighting system ( yes, all the lighting is networked) and the fact that we had entrances on both the 6th and 7th floors. Once the formal tour was over he left us to marvel at this suite. Every place your eyes stopped was an ocular delight. The old growth wood floors, the gray aged ceiling joists and panels, the majestic wall of windows overlooking the city, awesome. The dining table was reclaimed wood, and felt inviting to the touch. Placed on the table was fresh fruit, grapes, pears, apples and pomegranate that looked like it was in a still life portrait, my wife had to check to see if they were real. Propped on the fruit was a hand written note from the General Manager welcoming us to the Greenwich. There was a full kitchen ( like someone would cook here) and a fully stocked fridge that was gratis. There was a selection of beer, wine and liquor on hand along with a full ice maker. The bedroom was inviting, and warm. Doors opened to overlook the courtyard, which must be incredible in the late spring or early fall. The beds were by Duxiana. I have heard the commercials for Dux beds on Newsradio 880 for years and have always wanted to try them. Unfortunately, they were not for us. A little too firm for my tastes. The bathrooms were a marble paradise with a huge soaking tub and a walk in shower with a rain shower head. The robes were soft and towels plentiful. The toiletries were by Red Flower and were full sized (nice touch) and smelled incredible. You have to love the energy drink powder, yumm...zoom!After an evening out on the town, we retired to bed and in the A.M. ordered room service breakfast. The sausage was yummy and the eggs were good enough to comment about, the were organic from an upstate farm. We had appointments at the spa, Shibui for 11 A.M. two 50 minute relaxation Swedish treatments. We were greeted by our therapists who proceeded kneed, rub and stretch us to a slumbery bliss. Let me take a minute to talk about the spa and pool. Wow, unbelievable. It was very warm in the pool area, with plenty of seating and lounge chairs. The spa locker rooms had steam showers that you did not want to leave. After the spa, our overnight was coming to a close. We stopped by the drawing room for coffee and were surprised to see that Mel Gibson chose to do the same at the table next to us. A cool way to close out a very cool overnight!	
Nov 8 2009 	A very nice change from the other hotels in the city...	My girl and I have a tradition that we've started, which is to take a Friday night once every month or every other month and stay in a hotel in the city. Even though we both live here in our own nice apartments, it's nice to stay in a new place and have a romantic night in. The Greenwich Hotel was the place we picked for November 2009.So far we've stayed at the Standard Hotel twice and the Gramercy Park Hotel once, and both have been fantastic experiences. This time we opted for something different, and thanks to Tablethotels.com, where I am a Tablet Plus member, we found this charming hotel. I had been to the restaurant, Locanda Verde, before, but I had never been inside the hotel. I'm glad we checked in.i called the day of check-in to confirm my reservation and was told that we were upgraded to a one-bedroom suite from the Greenwich Deluxe room whicih we had originally booked for $695. When I arrived, I found out that the upgrade was no longer available because they had run out of room. I explained this to the desk clerk and how I had been told I was already upgraded and that they had not mentioned that it was &quot;subject to availability.&quot; Well, instead of telling me that I was wrong, the desk clerk did some creative thinking and gave me the double upgrade to the corner suite, which was amazing.The entire decor of the hotel is very European and reminds me of my time in London at the Mandarin Oriental. The bathroom is huge and marbled, and there are some very cool things like glass doors that swing open for the shower and the toilet, which are located in little compartments side by side. There is a large sunken tub that is wonderful for romantic evenings in, as well. And the bathroom amenities were full-size, like the SLS in Beverly Hills, where I stayed a few months ago for business.The bed was very comfortable, and this room had a nice corner view of Greenwich and N. Moore. The room was decorated as if you had lived there for a decade, and everything was tasteful and of high quality. The old has an old, homey feel, and it doesn't feel like a hotel, which we both loved.All of the munchies at the minibar were free, as were the non-alcoholic drinks--a very nice change. At check-in, we were given a nice bottle of cabernet and two fresh-baked cookies, along with two letters welcoming us (actually, a letter and a card), and a $50 spa voucher. (Some of these were benefits from being a Tablet Plus member.)Even though our room was on the fourth floor, it was nice and quiet, and we had a romantic evening and then slept soundly the next morning.Because of the Tablet Plus status, we actually had a guaranteed 4 p.m. late checkout, but we ended up checking out by 2 p.m. Sad, too--I would have loved to have stayed. There was a pool (rare in Manhattan), but we didn't have a chance to use it.One more thing...we had dinner downstairs at Locanda Verde. The food is superb, and it has the feel of a neighborhood joint combined with something hipper. The food is amazing--try the ricotta cheese appetizer, the blue crab crostini, the pumpkin agnolotti, the mama's ravioli, and the lamb meatball sliders.	
Nov 2 2009 	Unique NYC hotel	This is a fantastic hotel if you'd like to try something different to the classic NYC Manhattan hotel experience but still enjoy your 5* luxury. We were on a trip for my birthday and stayed in a Corner Suite which was much better than it looks in the pictures and not noisey at all (fourth floor). The room was very beautiful with a dining table, wet bar and sofas and had the feel of an Italian Villa more than a hotel room in NYC. Everything has already been said about the massive bathroom, luxury full size organic toiletries, wonderful ambiance of public rooms and great food in the restaurant. We found the staff very friendly and polite and even got a personal letter from the General Manager sent to our home thanking us for our comments on our experience at the hotel. If you do any research at all into the background of the building of this hotel and Robert De Niro's personal input into the decor and fittings you will appreciate the effort that has gone into all aspects of this unique hotel. We had a wonderful time and will definately be back. Highly recommended!	
Nov 1 2009 	Better Places to Spend This Kind of Money	Service is good, location excellent, vibe is mellow.Noise from the hallway is unacceptably loud (you can hear an entire conversation at ordinary levels through a closed door, which is all of about 10 feet from your bed, meaning it wakes you up). Also, the shades are sheer, so you can read in your room by 630am, with the lights off. Even if/when they fix these issues, it's a lot of money for not all that much - ordinary-sized room, ok furnishings, fine bathrooms, definitely not a place to remember and return to.	
Oct 29 2009 	Very good but with reservations	Stayed here to try it out as previously stayed at Soho House (fav), Mercer (2nd fav) and The Bowery (least fav of the three).My wife and I love design hotels, and The Greenwich lived up to expectations in terms of decor in most cases - in general really well done and good atmosphere all round. Borderline 'Swiss chalet' in some areas, but overall a good, warm design. We stayed in a deluxe Greenwich, and a few weird fittings in the room didn't seem to go very well (chandelier for one), but this was offset by the size, bathrooms and overall feel.Staff were friendly and helpful in many cases - but there's certainly room for improvement - at the front desk in particular - and the speed of service in the communal areas could certainly be improved.The spa is as good as it looks in the pictures, although the spa treatments seemed totally over the top price-wise - even for a hotel at this level. It's about double of similar places so I gave it a miss although I would have liked to try.The Italian restaurant (which also served breakfast) was also good - although the breakfast itself was very lacking in terms of any kind of self service items (juice, cereals etc). By lacking i mean non-existent, with menu ordering only.The courtyard's lovely.There were a few negatives, and they would make me think twice about staying again.Noise: The room was very noisy - we could hear another room like the occupants were in ours. May have been through the air vents or something. Unfortunately for us, the guests in that room were [--] all through the night and were [--] movie loud.Several attempts to address this at front desk and get moved were pretty much dismissed and ignored. They said they were full, but to pay this money and not get any sleep is ridiculous - am sure they had higher spec rooms and should have moved us. Not good.Perhaps that wouldn't have been quite so bad if the garbage truck didn't stop by outside our room at about 4:30-5am every morning for an hour, crushing rubbish. We had a room on the North Moore side, 4th floor, and I was woken up every morning - after an already reduced sleep. Not good again.The best part of the room was the free basket of snacks and all soft drinks and water being free - not only that but they're topped up each day! A very nice touch.Having checked my bill, it looks like they charged the posting of a letter I gave them at checkout to my credit card - £0.64p. Nothing technically wrong with that - but seems a bit petty and has never happened anywhere I've stayed before.I've never stayed Tribeca before, and thought it was a nice change from Soho and Meatpacking, although in general we always walked into Soho as there's not too much to do around the area (although there is a great breakfast at Bubby's just round the corner)All-in-all a good experience, but certainly wasn't made to feel special which is always what the end judgement comes down to. Why do these hotels insist on not having the front of house sorted out, and a bit more willing to please? Simple things like that are always the easiest to fix, and make the biggest difference to a guest.	
Sep 14 2009 	Noisy noisy noisy	Stayed here on a business trip. Am used to city sounds but the noises from the restaurants were awful. Kept us up all night. Though the courtyard is beautiful, why ruin the scene with a lat nigh restaurant where most of the dinners are not even staying in the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	Expensive! But amazing service... wram and wonderful.	Stayed here out of necessity (our hotel booking through a web service at another hotel was not honoured, and all else was booked), and paid well above what we planned, but...It was beautiful, the staff were attentive, professional, yet casual and friendly. The room was comfortable, stylish, large, warm. &quot;Free&quot; treats, great toiletries, fab bathroom/shower.And a spa in the basement!Restaurants were A-1.A great stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Tasteful but pricey	The Greenwich Hotel is probably the most tastefully decorated hotel I have ever stayed in and I have stayed at over 100 hotels in the last 5 years. However, it also the second most expensive...I stayed at the Greenwich despite the hotel being out of my price range because it was the only available hotel on Manhattan during Labour weekend 2009. The hotel has a very pleasant lobby and bar, a cosy courtyard and a well equipped gym and spa, which I unfortunately just had a brief look at. It is located in a residential and quiet part of Greenwich, but there is no shortage of restaurants and cafes nearby.My room had lovely wooden floors, a very comfortable bed, electric curtains, excellent sound proofing, excellent AC system and a beautiful bathroom. Add to free non alcoholic drinks and snacks and I felt right at home.My only complaint would be the free wifi, which was much too slow and hampered my work. Dont stay here if you need fast internet. For a romantic getaway, this hotel is perfect.	
Jul 23 2009 	Quite simply the best place in NYC	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Greenwich Hotel for 3 nights and we did not want to leave. I wish we had booked a longer stay. We found our room to be extremely comfortable, peaceful and quiet. The windows kept out street noise and the heating/cooling system operated perfectly and with absolutely no noise. The public areas, such as the drawing room and the courtyard are awesome. They are comfortable and inviting while at the same time providing an elegance wherein you appreciate you're enjoying something special. We enjoyed glasses of wine in the drawing room and some wonderful meals in the courtyard. Often we had these rooms to ourselves. We also enjoyed the beautifully designed and very peaceful pool area. Every time we used the pool we were the only ones there.I have already encouraged many friends to try this hotel and it's restaurant, Locanda Verde. The food at Locanda Verde is fantastic. If you're looking for a romantic and/or relaxing place to get away, I couldn't encourage you more strongly to try this hotel. The staff is generally young, very nice and accomodating.We also enjoyed staying in TriBeCa. It's clean, safe and a bit slower paced. It's easy to get everywhere else in the city, including shopping in SoHo. It has some of the best restaurants all within an easy walk along beautiful city streets. We'll be back soon.	
Jul 8 2009 	A wonderful magical place!	My wife and I stayed at The Greenwich last week, we needed a local vacation during some repair work on our apartment. Our stay was amazing, the staff is way above par, the cleanliness and atmosphere also were outstanding. We picked the hotel because we loved the interiors we had seen before. The rooms are super comfy, the bed was like home. You also have to see and enjoy the pool, a true wonder in NYC, not to mention the amazing music and atmosphere in the lobby lounge area, we enjoyed a few drinks there and will be back! Overall, it was a great, quiet and relaxing place to stay.	
Jun 19 2009	Greenwich Hotel: Best In New York!	Just returned from two nights at the Greenwich Hotel wich is located in TriBeca. The place, opened last year by Rober De Niro, is positively the best place to stay in the city. Casual yet elegant with a young, very friendly staff that excelled at making my wife and I feel welcome. We had been delayed by the airline and had a 7:00 pm play to catch (the reason for the trip) and the staff helped rush us to our room after a quick check-in and had a cab waiting on us to quickly move us uptown to make the play just in time. The room featured a king bed with french doors that overlooked a pretty courtyard and was kitted out with very unusual items and a complimentary mini-bar. A large basket of snacks, ranging from chips to more exotic treats, was in a large wire basket, again no charge. The common rooms feature cool, very comfortable chairs and couches and a wood-burning fireplace adjacent to the open courtyard. The area was quiet, but there were many great restaurants within walking distance. The hotel restaurant had only recently changed hands and the Italian food was over the top. We dined there 2 nights in a row, something unheard of in a city with so many choices. Wake up call at 6 am the day of departure included the typical phone call, but also a knock on our door with a pot of hot coffee. Truly a wonderful over-all experience.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent hotel - we'll get back	Our first stay at this hotel - 4 nigths. Extremely friendly staff. The restaurant Laconda Verde is absolutely recommendable, lots of guests, good service and excellent food. Gym is really OK - we didn't try the Spa but it looks great. Complimentary Internet and non-alcoholic bar (plenty). The hotel is a bit pricy but value-for-money is top. Our room was beautiful (stayed at Superior Greenwich Room). We go to NYC once a year and this will also be our hotel next time. Johansen from Denmark.	
May 30 2009 	Loved it..	Stayed three nights at The Greenwich Hotel and as the title suggests, we loved it. It's obviously a matter of personal taste, but we love the way they have decorated the hotel and the calm atmosphere that pervades. We stayed in a Deluxe Greenwich room which was lovely and very spacious by New York standards. We also took a look at a Corner Suite, which was beautiful and bigger than some friend's flats... and very expensive. Back in December '08 we stayed at the Gramercy Park Hotel for a few nights and the visit before that we were at the Mercer. The Greenwich is our clear favorite, the other two were good, but the staff at the Gramercy were a little too cool for school and the Mercer is excellent, but feels a little cramped. If we weren't so addicted to trying new hotels, this would be the one to make us stick and not twist.	
May 4 2009 	A sophisticated escape	My husband and I chose this new hotel for a much-needed one-night getaway. The first room they brought us to smelled like smoke, which I noticed and mentioned immediately. The staff were gracious and admitted the problem (saying they &quot;can't police their guests&quot; and moved us to a nicer room even though they were &quot;fully committed.&quot; The room was spacious with a king size bed, desk, armchair, a settee and other table. The bathroom was done in a unique spanish tile, and was very large with a dual-head shower. The bed was outrageously comfortable. We enjoyed the included (won't call them free for this price) snacks and bevs. We had massages at the spa which were excellent and given by the top guy there. The pool is warm and lovely. Our only complaints were an intermittent high-pitched whining sound, perhaps the elevator, and the fact that our breakfast did not arrive at the requested time and required two phone calls to resolve. Oh--and the wifi requires a password which they do not include in their printed guide--why not? All in all, a good stay and I wish we could afford to stay longer!	
Jan 3 2009 	Charming hotel	I am a Tribeca resident, and I needed extra space for the Christmas holiday for my family so I selected The Greenwich Hotel. I was very pleased! The hotel exemplifies understated elegance. From the moment you walk into the hotel it feels as if you've escaped from the hectic city. The rooms are a bit pricey, but I felt it was certainly worth it. Each room is individually decorated....a bit eclectic and minimalist, but everything in the room is high quality. The mattresses are Duxiana, and the toiletries were generous portions of Red Flower products (one of my favorites). There was even a wonderful complimentary snack basket in the room with treats such as Twizzlers, Tates Cookies, mints, etc. The public sitting area is beautiful and the restaurant Ago is a great meeting spot. Overall I think it is a great find and a nice change from the more traditional luxury hotels in NYC.	
Nov 20 2008 	Highly recommended	I stayed in this Tribeca hotel for five nights and will return. My room was lovely with hardwood floors, high ceiling and a large opening window. The amenities were great; the bed comfortable and firm without being rock hard. The staff were excellent; the doormen prompt and friendly, the desk staff attentive and helpful. It has the most beautiful gym I have ever used in my life and the equipment is excellent. Although the website doesn't say (nor do the staff when you call): there is a Japanese style pool as well (about 85F), so be sure to bring a bathing suit. It is quiet with surprisingly little street noise (much less than at the Ganzevoort or the Library Hotels), and the interior door helps keep noise out from the hallways (although they are very quiet in any event). The location is great. It took only a few minutes to walk to Soho, and it is just a couple of blocks off the Hudson River. The riverfront park directly west of the hotel is being restored and is completely torn up right now; however, if you go just a block or two south it is a lovely walk for miles. I felt very safe walking Greenwich Street at night and it was nice to know that the staff would have noticed if I hadn't made it back in the evening. There is a courtyard and lounge for guests only and they are a very nice respite from the city streets without having to hole up in your hotel room. One thing I found annoying were the numerous business meetings the hotel conducted in the lounge. Whenever a meeting was ongoing (every evening), it felt more like I was sitting in a conference room than relaxing in a guest-only lounge. The restaurant was nothing to write home about. The service and ambience were great, but the menu was uninspired and the execution unimpressive. My meal tasted exclusively of salt. Thalassa (a Greek restaurant just a few blocks away) is a much better choice.	
Nov 18 2008 	Very nice	I recently stayed for 2 nights and was very happy with all aspects of the hotel. The room was eclectic and interesting, like all of the decor in the hotel, and had great sheets, towels, products (Red Flower), etc. I like the gratis mini-bar and snacks (not including alcohol) and free wi-fi. Good pool. Best of all was the service which was so pleasant and helpful. I'd stay there again in a second.	
Nov 12 2008 	Dissapointing	We stayed at the Greenwich hotel for two nights in October and were overall very dissapointed. The room was big and the bed very confortable, but it was very cold and impersonal. The desk staff were nice, but we felt like we were the only ones staying at the hotel. There were also VERY annoying sounds all night long. There was something depressing about the place. We much preferred the Mercer...	
Nov 11 2008 	Truly badly conceived and executed.	I am still surprised that I spent 766.00 per night in such an uninspiring hotel and such a small room which was not starkly furnished, was just bleak.Lighting is such a problem they put it as a specific multiple choice on the comment card.The pool was closed for &quot;cleaning' during my stay.The staff is very good, but that can't make up for the really poorly executed project which I found artless and almost depressing.These people do not get it.	
Jun 13 2008 	Wonderful stay in Tribeca	We spent one night here on a quick getaway and we were very pleased. The hotel feels European and everything was taken care of. THe room was beautifully appointed with a comfortable bed, high count sheets and a tiny balcony that looked over a courtyard. The bathroom was stunning and luxurious. The mini bar was gratis except for the liquor. They have a beautiful pool and large fitness area. Both are surrounded by the construction (the hotel just opened) but accessible to guests. The only disapppointment was the restaurant Ago which was in a lovely lofy space, but the food was barely adequate. Although the complementary continental breakfast was delicious.	
