Nov 8 2009 	Great for the second time!	This was my second time staying here since August 2009 and I was, again, very satisfied. Stayed one night with a friend. Booked room directly through Hilton (I never use sites like Expedia, Hotels, etc.). I booked the room initially at $259 but I checked the rates on the site frequently and the night before saw the rate was now $189. So, I applied for the rate change right on the Hilton site and got the room for $189. I wonder how many people are aware you can do this? It is definitely a money saver!The room was on the 7th floor. Honestly, it was of less quality than last time, still clean and sufficient, don't get me wrong, but it was definitely smaller and the view was of the roof. I think last time we were on a higher floor, maybe 15 (if it goes that high?)But again, there was nothing wrong with the room itself, the staff is so great, friendly and accommodating, I'm sure they would have given us a &quot;better&quot; room if we cared to complain, but it really wasn't a big deal just to sleep. Just want to let people know, the higher rooms seem to have the better views if that's what you're looking for.Free breakfast in the morning, great again, coffee, juice, bagels, muffins, fruit, sausages, yogurt....Easy check-out, free internet in lobby, literally less than 5 minutes from the subway. Can't beat it!	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this Hotel because we wanted to go to Ellis Island before going on a cruise. The hotel was great and is within walking distance of Battery Park and the Financial District. The staff was very helpful and we left our luggage with them while we went to Ellis Island. The Breakfast was a good start to the day. The room was roomy and very quiet. I would definitely stay here again...	
Oct 26 2009 	The Best Staff Ever	I stayed with my boyfriend and my 2 little dogs. The Hotel is ok, but the staff is just great, one of the girls at the front desk I think it was one of the managers she loved our dogs, everytime that she saw them she was playing with them and she was always smiling to everybody and helping with anything that you need. There is a really convinient dog park right at the corner.There is a lot to do around I really liked the South Street Seaport. I also enjoy a Sushi restaurant that is was down the block and another restaurant that they recomend to us really cute and good for romantic couples names Table Tales. I really enjoy my room at the cellar I think that they are great with the cute patio so you can sit outside and enjoy the evening in a quite area. I used to take my breakfast there since it was more private. If you are traveling with pets I think is this is the per fect place for you.	
Sep 28 2009 	Nice Hotel but check your reserved rate	When I arrived, and was checking in, I was told to &quot;initial the rate change&quot;. I said, &quot;what rate change?&quot;. She said the rates had gone up but that if I could prove that I booked at a lower rate they would honor it. So I pulled out my reservation and they did honor it. But I have never had this happen at a Hampton Inn before. So make sure you bring you reservation or you make cut hit with a rate increase. (not cool)The hotel itself was OK. Nothing special, but the location is good, the rooms were quiet, and it was very clean. The breakfast was pretty typical Hampton Inn fare. Would I stay here again? maybe, but I would for sure bring my reservation!	
Sep 8 2009 	Best Value for repeated stays in NY	Bad experiences at the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge led me to check the Manhattan side of the bridge. This hotel is a true gem when you want to visit grandkids in Brooklyn regularly. The front desk could not be more helpful, even offering information we hadn't though of asking. The rooms are comfortable, quiet, extremely clean and provide great temperature control. The housekeeping staff was pleasant and responsive. Breakfast included copious quantities of cut up fresh fruit and we had the option of the &quot;business breakfast&quot; to grab &amp; go in a bag.The incredible affordability was a nice extra!! What really made the difference were the people at the front desk. They recognized us and greeted us each time we walked in or out. Unheard of in our 15 years of regular trips to Manhattan and now Brooklyn. It's awesome to walk out and look up at the Brooklyn Bridge 1/2 block away. Easy to catch a cab. The only problem we experienced was taxi drivers who thought we were tourists and tried to jack up the bill by &quot;missing&quot; the exit to the Brooklyn Bridge from the FDR and then pulling out their GPS and asking again for the address. We'll never stay anywhere else as long as this stays with Hampton Inn.	
Sep 1 2009 	Loved It!	We arrived in the evening and had no problem finding the hotel. When you first get there - park around the corner from the hotel - on the street - check in and have them show you where to park. It only cost us $20/day in an underground. The staff were friendly &amp; very helpful. I have to say - I was a little disappointed when the girl handed me our room keys and told me the room was in the 'cellar',however; when we got to the room we were pleasantly surprised...nicely decorated, clean with a king size bed, small, but we had a walk out patio with wrought iron table &amp; chairs. Breakfast was 'ok' - it was enough to get us going for the day, the dining area is small, so you need to have good timing. The area is safe and clean - we walked around at 11:00 pm without a problem at all. The area also has some old cobblestone streets with some amazing restaurants in the surrounding area - all within 2-10 minutes of walking. Excellent location!	
Jul 22 2009 	Best Value Dowtown	This is a small hotel on a quiet street in the financial district a few blocks from the seaport. The rooms are a little small as most hotels in NYC, however it is always clean and quiet. The free breakfast is outstanding, doorman is great. I have stayed here a few times and will be back.	
May 27 2009 	You don't even need to leave lower Manhattan there's so much going on here	I just returned from a 5 day stay here on vacation with my whole family. I have to say, I was a little wary about being in so far south in Manhattan, which I thought would be away from most of the action, but there is a ton to do in this area. We got a vacation package from NewYorkGuest.com which included our hotel stay, ferry ride to the Statue of Liberty and dinner at a local restaurant for one rate, really at a very good price. This was my first time coming to Manhattan and I feel like there is so much to do that one visit is not enough! We spend a day at the Seaport, browsing the shops and watching the entertainers, then dinner on the water at night. Wall Street was great to explore but nothing too special. Battery Park is beautiful and the whole Canal Street neighborhood is great for shopping!When we booked we were assigned a personal trip advisor (named Jana), which turned out to be really helpful in helping us chose activities on a budget. This hotel is great and in a cheap location, I would recommend it for anyone.	
Apr 1 2009	Make sure your room is confirmed and stand your ground with them	I have just returned from spending three nights in the Hampton Inn and while the hotel is great for the price that you pay be very careful when it comes to your room. I booked a twin room through an internet website and even emailed the hotel to confirm that the room was indeed booked and that it would be kept for me as I was on a late flight into NYC. Upon arrival at the hotel I was told that I had booked a King room not a twin, even with the confirmation in hand the receptionist repeated the above. I was travelling with a friend and said that it was not possible to share a bed, the solution, and the only solution that I was given was a camp bed. Only the fact that it was now 10.30 pm and my chances of getting another hotel at the time were slim I would have walked out. I have emailed the Hilton Groups customer service department but have heard nothing, in fact one of the email addresses comes back as undeliverable. So in short. Make sure you have your booking reference with you and stand your ground, wish I had!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great deal for Manhattan!	I had meetings at Pace University, and this was the closest Hilton family property. I was afraid of what I'd find when I booked a rate of $122 for a Sunday night, which is technically a business night. Granted, it was also superbowl evening, so there may have been fewer bookings in general. Anyway, after the typical harrowing ride from LGA, I was pretty pleasantly surprised. The hotel is pretty new, and the front desk guy was nice and helpful. Per the Manhattan norm, everything is small--lobby, front desk, lone elevator, hallways. Surprisingly, however, the room was pretty spacious, and the bathroom was just fine by NYC standards. The room offered normal Hampton bedding (ok, not great), a small desk, decent desk chair, great desk lamp, separate closet, and a flat screen TV mounted on the wall. Nothing fancy, but then again, it's a Hampton Inn. The hotel IS loud (below my window was, it seemed, a bus depot and bulldozer terminal), but the HVAC drowned out the noise well enough to sleep. The free breakfast was typical Hampton--fine, unpretentious--though the eating area was tee-niny. The area is pretty dead at night, but there were at least five restaurants open w/in a two block radius. Stellas was great. Oh, there's a v-e-r-y sparse, small workout room in the basement, but it was good enough for 30 minutes of cardio. All in all, for less than $150 in Manhattan, this is a great option.	
Jan 3 2009 	Severely Overrated	I arrived at the hotel and waited 15 minutes for the front desk clerk to get off of the phone. I was patient, but that didn't seem to matter. He did ask if I was staying for business or pleasure, and I responded business. He then put me in room 103, which is literally in the basement. They call it the cellar, I call it lame. I did ask to be moved, but the guy at the front desk said there wasn't anything available until the next morning. So a little about the cellar - You can hear the ice machine running most of the night, you hear anyone purchasing from the vending machines, and you hear the cleaning people early in the morning. In addition, the person that sets-up the breakfast station for the morning crowd has to come down there to get ice, which sounds like a handful of quarters in a dryer - this happened around 4:30 or 5 a.m. In addition to the creep factor of staying in the basement and all of the noise, when I went to use my hairdryer in the morning, it was broken. I did call the front desk to ask for another, to which they replied, &quot;We don't have portable hairdryers.&quot; At this point, I'd really had enough and asked for another room. They did give me another room, and I moved my stuff to the 9th floor. It seemed odd to me that a room was available at 8 a.m., but not the night before. So I didn't really believe the guy at the front desk from the night before. The new room had a lovely view, but it was definitely a smoker’s room, and had a stale smoke smell. The room was fine, and the morning staff was far more helpful. I wouldn't recommend staying in the Cellar, although the one redeeming quality was that it had a small patio. Unfortunately, when I was there it was about 17 degrees outside, and it was completely unusable. I’m not 100% sure why the guy who checked me in asked if I was there for business or pleasure, because he gave me the noisiest room in the place. I walked away believing he was simply a jerk. There are a lot of hotels in New York, and I’m stumped as to why this one gets such high marks. It makes leery of the reviews that people write, and I would recommend spending some time searching around before settling for this place.	
Dec 18 2008 	Great Hotel Exoerience	I stayed one night on business. The room I had was on the 8th floor. It was clean and well appointed. The staff was excellent and offered to assist me before I had the chance to ask. Also, the breakfast buffet was more than adequate with a nice assortment of baked items, juices, yogurts, cereals, coffee, tea, and fruits. I would absolutely chose to stay there again.	
Nov 5 2008	OK but unremarkable	I chose the Hampton Inn Seaport/Financial District based on location. It's convenient- within walking distance of everything in the Financial District- but a little on the far side from a subway stop and on a street that seems a little iffy at night. I was very unimpressed with the room I was given initially- on the first floor, about 10 feet from the check-in desk and right next to the elevator. I asked for, and was given, a new room, but given what I was paying for the room (business trip), I shouldn't have been put in such an awful room initially.The second room they gave me was adequate. Very small, poorly lit, view of an alley, but clean. Staff was less than impressive- not unpleasant, but slow and unable to help with some basic requests.Overall, OK but unremarkable. I would not stay here again if I was able to get another hotel anywhere in the Financial District, but I wouldn't avoid it (i.e, stay in midtown instead) if it was the only option available in the area. Just beware of overpaying for this place.	
Oct 6 2008 	Nice Little Hotel	We stayed at the Hampton Inn, NYC Seaport, in July 2008 for just one night but we enjoyed the stay quite a bit. The hotel is small and the rooms are tight but it was very clean and the price was right. We spent the entire day on Governor's Island for a concert, however, we found that the beds were exceptionally comfortable as we all (my wife and I were there with two friends) very well. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and its proximity to the Seaport is the best amenity considering it's just one block from the shops and restaurants. They do have parking which is discounted if you're staying at the hotel although it's down the street. We missed it and ended up parking right next door for a few more dollars but it was worth it.	
Sep 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and I am so glad that I did. My husband and I spent a night here last weekend for our anniversary. We got a great rate and I couldn't have been happier with the hotel. I have lived near NYC all my life and worked there for about 8 years, so I am familiar with the city and the prices, and I have to say this was a great deal for the money - especially compared to the overpriced mid-town hotels.First of all, the service was amazing - everyone was so friendly and helpful. So much so that the place really had a small hotel or inn feeling about it. Parking was super convenient and inexpensive for Manhattan. The location was wonderful - nice neighborhood, a couple blocks from the Seaport and a couple blocks from the subway. And it is convenient walking distance from anything downtown - Seaport, Battery Park (Statue of Liberty Ferry), Ground Zero, Little Italy, China Town, etc.We had a room on the 8th floor. The room was small (typical NYC) but very nicely decorated - everything looked updated - and immaculately clean. We had a small balcony off our room from which we could see the tall ships in the Seaport and part of the Brooklyn Bridge. Nice bathroom amenities, flat screen TV in the bedroom, beautiful linens on the bed, wireless internet access. The hotel also has a complimentary breakfast each morning which was very nice and 24 hour coffee service. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 17 2008 	Functional not fancy	I stayed at the Hampton Inn Seaport on business, because it was the closest hotel to the financial district I could get...with 2 month's notice! I had no trouble catching a cab in the morning. Including taxes, I paid over $500 for one night, and that was the AAA rate. This is supply and demand at work, I suppose. I gave it 3 stars because it was no way worth $500 a night. I was a little afraid when I saw the front of the building--completely nondescript. Having said that, I arrived late at night, and my room was ready and the front desk was very efficient. My bed was very comfortable, the flatscreen tv was great, and the bathroom was spotless and well stocked. The free breakfast was absolutely fine for me--great coffee, cold cereal, baked goods, yogurts, fresh fruit. SO, if you can get a good rate (which, based on the other reviews, seems to be available on the weekends and during nonpeak times), I wouldn't hesitate to stay here, if you don't mind having downtown as your home base.	
Sep 6 2008 	Decent Hotel - Good Value	We stayed here Labor Day weekend - couldn't beat the price of $180 per night through their website for a decent NYC hotel. Upon arrival was given a room on the &quot;C&quot; level which involved taking an elevator down one flight from the ground floor lobby. Although this room had a coutyard patio we found it dark and kind of creepy so they moved us to the lobby level which was a little better. Friendly staff, nice lobby and good breakfast. Room was fairly large for NYC standards but very drab color scheme. Very convenient to South Street Seaport and a short walk to the subway. Would not be my first choice in the area but would stay again if the room had the same value.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great place to stay	After searching for a decent priced hotel in New York City we came across this one. It got nothing but good reviews when I read about it so we decided to give it a try. I am so glad we did. What a nice hotel! Only about a 5 minute walk to 2 different subway stations and about a 15 minute walk to the Staten Island Ferry. We wished we could've stayed longer (we only came into town for one night for a Mets game). The free breakfast food was also nice since we were coming here on a tight budget. Our first visit to NYC was very good and I cannot wait to come back. We will definately come back here. Only one problem, we wanted to take our bed home with us. It was the most comforable bed I've slept in in a long time!	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Location	I was skeptical when I first looked at the hotel website, but what the hotel lacks in facilities and ambience it makes up for in comfort and good service.Breakfast is served in a small area adjacent to the reception area and can get quite busy. However, there are lots of places to eat locally so you should be able to find somewhere to eat quite easily if you choose not to have breakfast at the hotel.The rooms are very comfortable and perfect for a short break.The reception staff are particularly helpful. Would definitely recommend.	
Aug 17 2008	Excellent NYC bargain	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Seaport during our tenth anniversary weekend. I'd booked it through hilton.com and got an outrageously good rate, $171/night (thanks to my husband being considered elderly we got the AARP discount), which is practically unheard of for a decent Manhattan hotel. The staff, as many have mentioned before, are outstanding. We had a room on the eighth floor. Since it 's New York the room was small but it was clean and nicely decorated, a deep-blue wall giving it a boutique look. The bathroom, also small, still had a marble counter and floor and the shower was more than adequate. The room was quiet, the beds comfortable and the climate control was good. The hotel is adjacent to the South Street Seaport and the Fulton/Nassau Street subway stop is maybe a ten-minute walk. The neighborhood is relatively decent so don't worry about coming back at night. The free internet worked fine (although if you're off it for any length of time you have to log back in). The free breakfast was meh, but it was free. If you're looking for luxury surroundings go uptown, but for a place to crash you're not going to do much better than here.	
Jul 30 2008	couldn't beat the price	Stayed here for 2 nights (Sun/Mon) in July while attending Mets and Yankees games. Hotel was exactly what we needed. Couldn't beat the price, $520 for 2 nights. Easy to get to from either the Brooklyn Bridge or the Holland Tunnel. Parking garage across the street. Subway 4 blocks away. Convenient to the Statue of Liberty, South Street Seaport (restaurants), WTC site, and Wall street. As always with the Hampton Inn, breakfast was included. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location for downtown and the seaport area . You can walk to the bars and restaurants nearby. Also handy for the ferry to Ellis Island and to ground zero. Great shop near ground zero called Century 21 its a bit like TK Max but bigger.The hop on hop off stops just by peir 17 close by. The room was small but very clean. The lobby was small too but the staff where friendly. If you like the buzz of Times Squre this may not be for you, but the weekend rate is very good if you book it through their own website.	
Jun 14 2008 	So pleased we believed the reports on this site	We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights at the beginning of April &amp; reserved our stay on the hotel website. However, it was working out pricey so rang the hotel direct &amp; they gave us an excellent rate, thank you very much. We had rooms on the 6th floor but I asked to change ours after the first night &amp; the staff were most helpful. A staff member kindly showed me a couple of rooms which were not acceptable to me. They said that as long as the occupiers of a room on the top floor didn't extend their stay we could change to this room. It had a queen bed not a king but this was fine by us.The folks left their room, we packed up our belongings &amp; the staff moved our suitcase on our behalf, again thank you very much. The room was perfect &amp; had great views, a bonus which was really appreciated, again thank you.The breakfasts were upto the fresh, plentiful &amp; varied standard that we have come to expect from the Hampton chain. The breakfast seating area isn't that big as has been reported previously but enough room for everyone each morning that we were there.The bedrooms &amp; bathrooms were SPOTLESS &amp; beds so comfortable which is another reason we stay at the Hampton chain.One evening we were too tired to eat out &amp; the concierge gave us a take-out menu for a nearby pizza place. It was delivered on time &amp; was hot, tasty &amp; very good value.We asked various questions re local info etc of the staff &amp; the replies were always useful, helpful &amp; delivered in a professional yet friendly manner, as though they were pleased we wanted to stay at their hotel. A special 'thank you' to Marcos for all his assistance.The free use of internet (another reason we stay at Hampton Inns) was useful to check-in online for our return flights home. It's located near the front entrance so no real privacy but this didn't matter on this ocassion.The only downside was when we booked a car, via the front desk, to take us back to JFK. We thought that this would be advisable as we didn't know if any cabs would take us becasue a lot of the cab drivers change shift at 4pm &amp; we booked our cab for 3.30pm.The car arrived promptly but when we shut all the car doors it reeked of smoke. The driver then spent more than a third of the journey on his cell phone. I wouldn't book a car again as lots of cabs were going past &amp; I'm sure we would have found one to take us to JFK.I did report this back to the hotel but I didn't have a reply.This area is fantastic to enjoy the sights, shopping, views &amp; brooklyn bridge area. Our adult daughters loved it, especially the shopping in the Seaport mall &amp; Abercrombie &amp; Fitch nearby, very, very nearby!Access to all areas of NY was easy by subway &amp; we really enjoyed being able to walk to the ferry &amp; enjoy a ride.. it's free!!There is also a free Seaport area bus that stops at various areas in the Seaport district if you don't want to walk.We can't wait to return to NY &amp; stay at this hotel.	
Jun 10 2008 	Really nice place by South Street Seaport	One of the nicest places I've stayed in New York City.I try to find places that aren't too expensive. We stayed a night at the Hampton for $249. At the time, the weekday rate was $429! For the price we paid, this was a really nice experience. And included the usual hampton inn breakfast. Our room was on the 2nd floor and faced a busy street so I was worried about noise but we heard NOTHING -- amazing. Bed was very nice. Room was small but that is too be expected in NYC.I've seen other people say they paid $135 with AAA. That would make the membership worth it with one night. This would beyond a steal at that price.	
Jun 9 2008 	Noisy Little Hotel	I was looking forward to staying at this hotel because of all the positive reviews, and after staying here for two nights this month, I will never stay again. First off, I must say the hotel is very clean and the staff incredibly friendly. My wife and I got there at around noon and were told my assigned room was not ready yet, and in fact the people hadn’t checked out yet (this was not a big deal to me since check in was 3 PM and I was just hoping to get a room earlier). They said if we wanted a room now, we could get one on the main hotel floor otherwise wait till check in. Since we had flown in on a red eye from San Francisco we opted for the room available now. Needless to say it was the smallest room I have ever stayed in, even for New York standards it seemed small, the door to the room almost touched the bed. We were about 50 feet from the check in desk and it was just plain noisy at all hours of the day. We were woken up by lobby nose both nights from arriving guests between midnight and 3 am several times (it seemed like people coming home from parties or a late night) who didn’t realize people might actually be sleeping. It was downright ridiculous. I would have changed rooms after the first night, but because we were there for only 2 nights it was too much of a hassle. Also the room had a window that looked onto the balcony of two other rooms, and there were no privacy curtains, just drapes. So you had no choice but to close the curtains if you wanted privacy. I’m use to most hotels having sheers and then curtains, but not this room, so basically we had to keep the drapes closed at all times. Also there were only 3 outlets available in the whole room. Two in the bathroom and one at the desk, all others were used and behind furniture. So trying to charge two computers and cell phones was nearly impossible, plus you had to work at the desk if you needed to plug in. For a newer hotel and a Hampton I was very surprised at the lack of plugs.My main issue was the noise; I imagine if we were on a different floor, I would have been happier. The only other issue was that there was not much to do in the general area. If you’re in town to sightsee, or to do tourist stuff, I would recommend a hotel in a different neighborhood.	
Jun 6 2008 	Nice little hotel in the middle of the big apple	It a small hotel on the Manhattan side of the brooklyn bridge that is good for a business or pleasure traveler. Standard Hampton morning breakfast, helpful staff, but very small rooms, so if you are trying to fit more than 2 people in the room, it might be cramped. Walking distance to most lower manhattan toruist sites, and the deli around the corner is very good. Nothing fancy, just gets the job done.	
May 27 2008 	Great location in nice quet NYC area	We have stayed in quite a few Hampton Inns and this is a nice one too. The breakfast was good but the area somewhat small, the room was nice and clean but just ok for a family of 4. The location was great with views of Brooklyn Bridge - make sure to get a street view on either 7 or 8 floor and you can see the bridge. Walking distance to Pier 17, the downtown helicopters, Ground Zero and the subway stations.	
Apr 29 2008	Great stay	I stayed here for 2 nights and have to say it was fantastic. The rooms to NY size are comaprable, the bed was very comformtable and the decor stylish/modern. The service staff at the front desk made all the diffrence. They were attentive and also let me stay on an additional hour after check in without a great deal of fuss. The hotel offers free breakfast in the room rate and free wireless internet. Both services used and were handy.The hotel is walking distance to Seaport Pier, 10 minutes to China town and 15 mins to SOHO. I recommend this property and would most certainly stay here again.	
Apr 28 2008 	Terrific Stay at Hampton Inn Seaport/Financial District	Our family stayed at this very nice Hampton Inn during a recent stay in New York (April 18 - 22). The location is wonderful - in close walking distance to all lower Manhattan locations. The rooms, while tight on space, are very clean with new amenities. The breakfast was standard fare - but plentiful and well done. But the real standout feature of this hotel is the staff. From the moment we arrived (at noon, without requesting early check-in in advance) they bent over backwards to accomodate us. We were not even checked in and they were handing out candy bars and teddy bears to the kids. Throughout our stay, they repeatedly checked to see how they could help us. They took great interest in our trip and offered assistance and recommendations at every turn. They even helped to re-arrange our travel plans to extend our stay at the hotel - and actually took care of cancelling our other reservations for us. We loved our stay and will definately be back!	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Usually when hotels show great photos on a website, but you get there and it doesnt look any where near as nice....... Well, not this Hampton...It was so beautiful and looked just like it did in the photos. The Front desk staff (carlos Mostly and Jonathan is who i spoke with) were amazing....so friendly and Helpful! The room was spotless. Great view! 10 minute walk to Chinatown, 5 minute walk to the Seaport, restaurants and shopping, also a quick 12 minute walk to the financial district and the Huge discount shopping store on Trinity place/cortlandt called Century 21! Fulton st. subway is right there so you can take a quick 15 minute subway trip uptown to the garment district, penn station and madison sq. garden. You will love this hotel! I found it on my website www.time2gotravel.orgHeather/travel agentThe photo of the room i took with my camera phone	
Apr 1 2008 	A Wonderul Place To Stay	I stayed at the Hampton Inn Manhattan/Seaport/Financial District from March 23-28 and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is clean and the staff gives excellent service. My room was cleaned everyday and I had a spectacular view of Brooklyn, Brooklyn Bridge and the Seaport. Breakfast was served every morning which was very convenient for me considering I stayed there for business and did not have a lot of time in the morning to stop and get something to eat outside of the hotel. The doorman gave me precise directions to get anywhere I wanted to go. It was a pleasure staying at this hotel and I would certainly stay there again. The only thing that I did not like is that if you use the Fulton/Williams Subway station near the hotel during the day time, then don’t always expect for it to be open late night after 12:00 midnight. The station was usually closed late night for maintenance during my stay or I would need to make a transfer to another train because the trains are rerouted after midnight from this station. I would have to find an alternate route or catch a taxi back to the hotel. This was not really a problem at all it’s just that I had to walk a few extra blocks by using another station. The fitness room is small and only has one treadmill so I had to wait until the person using it was done. They also have a spin bike as well. The hotel is 3 blocks from the Seaport for shopping and fun. But if you are looking for a clean hotel with comfortable beds, excellent service and breakfast with a smile then I highly recommend this hotel. I can’t wait to go back!!	
Mar 18 2008 	Great little hotel	Hotel is close to the Brooklyn Bridge and the Seaport in lower east area of Manhattan. I stayed for a long weekend in March 2008.Hotel is small, modern, well presented and very clean. The staff could not do enough to help - they were wonderfull. Room was a bit cramped but typical for New York. Bathroom was reasonably spacious and well equipped. (inc toiletries) Room had coffee making facilities, desk with internet connection, TV (no pay movies), iron and board, clock/radio alarm. Bed was extremely comfortable! Clean and functional with no frills. Breakfast was free., again, not a Hilton spread but perfectly OK. Breakfast room would get busy and i would have to wait a few minutes for a table ~ only slight criticism.Location suited me. The area is reasonably quiet at night! There are plenty of restaurants close by including the excellent Bridge Cafe ~ lovely food! Comfortable walking distance to Ground Zero, Ellis Island ferries and the 'trendy' districts of Little Italy, China Town etc. Nearest tube stations are a 5 minute walk and will both take you to almost anywhere. Taxi to Times Square was only about $12.Ask concierge to arrange a car to the airport rather than get a yellow cab. A little gem of a hotel if you just want a 'base' and don't want to be pampered. Highly recommended.	
Mar 15 2008 	great lower manhattan location	great location for all of lower manhattan: chinatown, wall street, lower east side, seaport. Efficient check-in, parking across the street, clean room, large bathroom. Good free breakfast and tasty cookies in the evening. we booked an AAA rate for 135 a night each for 2 rooms. FOR MANHATTAN? This is worth the money .	
Mar 2 2008 	A very nice place to stay	We booked this hotel after checking the reviews on trip advisor and really did not regret it.Conveniently located, around the block from the Seaport and 5 minutes from the Fulton Street subway it also is within walking distance from Ground Zero, Battery Park and Wall street. Chinatown is quite close as well.The staff is extremely nice and helpful, the rooms small (we had a quad, travelling with two children) but clean and the bedding is wonderfully confortable (which is great after a full day of walking). The bathroom is also very clean and functionnal. The only thing not quite convenient is the lack of closet space, only one very small, most our clothes had to stay in the suitcases. Yet that's a detail, everything else was perfect. Breakfast is good as well and the choice of hot dishes changes every day.This was great value and we would return without hesitation, we had a wonderful time in NYC and the Hampton inn definitely contributed to the success of our trip.	
Feb 21 2008 	clean and wonderful in manhattan	***Great Rates ($135.00/night/wknds incl.) With AAA and Hampton Reward club. Wonderful hotel. Built in 2006, brand new rooms and facilities. Stylish and warm. Wonderful staff. Great continental breakfast. Eggs, Bagles, Biscuits, Toast, 3Kinds of Cereal, Orange, Cranberry, Apple, Coffee, Yougurt, Fresh fruit and very fresh. Pictures posted speak for themselves.	
Feb 4 2008	Wonderful place to stay!!	We stayed at the Hampton last weekend for a &quot;girls get-away&quot;. We arrived before check-in and called the hotel for directions as we had gotten lost. The hotel staff was wonderful and gave us landmarks which made it easier to find the hotel. We were able to check in early and leave our luggage in the room. Parking was conveniently located across the street. The room was extremely clean and the beds were very comfortable. After checking out in the morning, we were able to leave our luggage in a locked area off the lobby while we toured the city further. We will definitely come back for another trip soon!!!.	
Jan 5 2008 	A Wonderful Little Hotel in Lower Manhattan!	We stayed at this delightful little hotel (a real find in NYC in our view) during Christmas week of '07 (just last week!) and would return here in a heartbeat. While the rooms and closets are definitely small, this being NY after all, the hotel itself is an excellent value for the city. The beds are extremely comfortable and the bathroom is quite large, and always well-stocked. There is free internet connection in the room, and a flat-screen TV on the wall, and local calls are all free. Every business day there is free delivery of both the Wall Street Journal and USA Today!The breakfast buffet is quite okay, though my wife being vegetarian would have welcomed some hot meal options for her. Every day there are two hot meal choices, usually sausages and eggs, but otherwise the bar is well stocked with fruit juices, bagels, bread, fruit, cereal, and tea, coffee and hot chocolate is availabel 24 hours a day!The hotel is also in a safe neighborhood adjacent to the South Street Seaport and about a 5 minute walk from the subways, both the A train that connects to JFK thru the Air Train and the cross-town 1,2,3 trains for the rest of Manhattan. We walked the streets quite safely even after 10pm at night, and returned home after 1am on New Year's Eve, and it was quite safe. Within walking distance is the Financial District, Battery Park, and Ground Zero, and the rest of Manhattan in minutes thru subways.The staff at the hotel is excellent, from room service to the doormen and front desk, especially Jackie who checked us in very efficiently and with a welcoming smile, and made sure our entire 8 day stay was well taken care of!	
Jan 5 2008 	Not cozy or romantic but problem free and friendly staff!	I stayed at this hotel for the final 2 nights of my trip. Upon reflection, there was nothing special or unique about this hotel and I know I wont really think back on my stay here or remember it down the road. There was no nice view. No pay-movies. No restaurant or bar. The room was small and clean. It didn't look as slick as the pictures on the website, but it was pretty close. On the flip side, there was a complimentary water waiting for me when I first arrived to the room, there was complimentary breakfast available in the morning, and there was pleasant and professional staff working at all times of the day. So although there really isn't much I'll remember about this hotel, this might just be a very good thing to some folks.Contrary to some people's opinions, we did not find this hotel convenient for the subway. We had to walk for 15 minutes to get to a subway, and 25 minutes in the evenings. This hotel is near the South Street Seaport which is fun in the day, but in the evening this area pretty much shuts down.Would I stay here again? Yes, but only by myself or for business. I would not recommend this hotel for families or for those looking for a romantic or relaxing place.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good value for NY	We stayed at this hotel for Thanksgiving with my daughter who lives ina small apartment in Brooklyn. This hotel is clean, neat and in a verysafe part of town. Although average, is an excellent value for New York. The hotel room was larger than some we've paid twice as much for. Subway was convenient, but even taxi fare to just about anywhere we wanted to go wasn't outrageous. Wtihin reasonable walking distanceof &quot;ground zero&quot;. Would recommend it for others who prefer value over&quot;plush&quot;.	
Jan 2 2008 	Typical NYC Hotel - Small Room Convenient Location Scandalous Price	I have stayed at this hotel several times now, all trips being for business purposes. As my business is in the seaport district, the location is convenient. Just two blocks from the office and the seaport with its shops and restaurants. The rooms are nice but small - typical of the city - don't be expecting to have much room to walk around your bed, and the closet is tiny. Ask for one of the rooms which has a terrace on the top floor - at least then you can walk out and look over the seaport. Internet connectivity is free, which is good. The breakast is not too bad considering it is free, and you would pay $10 at Cafe Europa just down the street.The main issue is the price - this hotel anywhere else in the US would probably be $149 max per night. I paid $650 per night in December. Ouch.	
Dec 4 2007 	Better than expected	Booked at the Hampton Inn because I needed to travel to NY for business and there was NOTHING else available. I've been told the first week of December is not a good time to come to the city on business because hotels are sky high (this property was $521, which was about a $100 per hour of sleep and about $350 more than I would expect to pay). I've stayed in the area but never at this hotel. At that rate you'd normally expect luxury, but this week all of the hotels were equally expensive and many had no availability at all. The Hampton Inn offered warm cookies on check in, a clean room with a comfortable bed, and a clean bathroom. The sheets were a bit scratchy but clean, and the bed was comfortable. The flat screen tv saves space in the small room. In the morning, there was a free warm (not quite hot) and continental breakfast available, with &quot;grab &amp; go&quot; bags if you're on the run. The &quot;fitness center&quot; consists of one treadmill and one bike, so if you're expecting a workout, stay elsewhere. I did not find the area noisy...in fact it's a bit deserted, but there are a few restaurants around and the Metro is very close. One downside was a colleague was shut out of the hotel due to &quot;maintenance&quot; on his room (read: oversold) but the hotel, to its credit, gave him a voucher to stay at the Express, not far away. Also, a couple of the rooms are actually on the basement level, so beware. Nonetheless, I would stay at this hotel again. It was a short walk to the financial district.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great Room noisy 	The Hampton Inn in the Financial District is a newer property and features very comfortable rooms, nice bedding/linens, flat screen TV's mounted on the wall, and nice bathrooms. As far as Hampton Inn's go, this is a very nice property. The Service was excellent. There is a doorman, whose name escapes me, who was very helpful and had very good local insight. He gave us detailed directions to everywhere we wanted to go. The front desk staff and everyone else was very nice. The only negative was that the way the rooms were situated was such that all room doors on a floor opened into a common area - there was no hallway. So, if people are going out for a nightcap at 1,2,3am, you can easily hear slamming doors, cell phone conversations, etc...this is more of a &quot;heads up&quot; not a reason not to stay here at all. Also, the location was good for history buffs (wall St., financial area, 9/11 memorial area, south street seaport) but we didn't really find a whole lot to do within a short walk from the hotel. There were 2 subway stops close by, and both were easy to get to and made transport into mid/upper Manhattan easy. Just know that you're going to have to ride the subway or take a cab to get anywhere other than the few blocks around your hotel (chinatown/little Italy is about a mile walk - not TOO bad...) If you're OK with that, this hotel is an excellent and affordable choice (we paid $179/night over Thanksgiving weekend!) I fully recommend this hotel!	
Nov 27 2007 	Can't understand how it is rated so highly	I can't understand how this hotel is rated #18 out of 300+ hotels. It is a very small hotel, literally just 4 windows across, in a historic building and the rooms are strategically situated to accommodate only 8 rooms per floor. The room was very small even for NYC standards. Though relatively clean, the room was dark and dreary, drapes faded and stained and stains of some kind over the bathroom door. The quilt on the bed smelled as if it had not been laundered in a long time. With only one elevator, the cleaning staff needs to use it to move dirty laundry and trash along with the visitors. Not a pleasant experience. At one point, they shut down the elevator for their use. You need to be able to use stairs. Would not stay here again. On the up side, the staff is friendly and helpful. If you validate your parking for the ramp across the street it is only $20 a day which is really cheap for NTC.	
Nov 8 2007	Clean good bed tiny room overpriced	Clean, well-maintained, and providing a comfortable bed. Good shower / water pressure. Flatscreen TV; no movies. Tiny - and I mean tiny - room. Hard to walk around. No other frills.At $200-250, a good value. At $610 / NIGHT!?! You have got to be kidding me.	
Nov 3 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed here for only one night whilst travelling in New York and I really wish we’d stayed longer! The hotel was very clean and had extremely comfy beds with plenty of room to get unpacked. The facilities were excellent, with a flat screen TV, coffee machine, ironing board and a very clean and well presented bathroom. The hotelstaff were very friendly and made us feel really welcome. The breakfast the following day was just what we wanted and once again the staff were very helpful. The location is great and there are somereally nice shops, bars and cafes close by. I suggest a burger in Nelsons across the rd (Kiwi bar) and a coffee from Jakes around the corner. Only problem would be that breakfast was server on plastic plates (perhaps they had a problem that day), but dont let that put you off the hotel is excellent!	
Oct 20 2007 	What a great find.	The Hampton Inn is a fantastic little hotel and deserving of it's high ranking within Tripadvisor. We spent a week here using it as a base for seeing the sights in New York City. The hotel is located at the south end of Manhattan Island next to the northern ramp for the Brooklyn Bridge. There are a number of Metro stations within a 5-10 minute stroll so getting into the bustle of mid-town NY was no problem. In an evening we elected to return by taxi which, from the tourist spots of Times Square and Madison Sq Garden, cost us $12-14. Just around the corner from the hotel is pier 17. Since the fish markets closed down a few years ago the area has been redeveloped and includes many restaurants, shops, bars and has stunning views of Brooklyn Bridge. The Staten Island Ferry terminal is a 10 minute walk away along the pier front and the ferry terminals for Liberty and Ellis Islands are a couple of minutes further on. Before we booked the hotel we did wonder if a more central location would be better suited for a NY visit but in hindsight we know we made the right choice. Getting from the hotel to any of the tourist hotspots was very easy.Our room was functional and fairly compact by European standards but for what we wanted, somewhere to crash at the end of a busy day, it served it's purpose well. The room was modern, immaculately turned out, thoughtfully decorated and very relaxing. The bed was something else though and without question the comfiest bed we have ever slept in. There was an en suite bathroom which was clean and fresh. The view from the window was that of the back wall of the building behind the hotel but we didn't expect anything else and it was of no concern to us.The hotel staff are friendly, approachable and helpful. Marco the doorman is a mine of useful information for the tourist!There is a light, self service breakfast supplied in a small dining room next to reception which consisted of Cereals, Coissants, DIY toast, doughnuts (for breakfast??!!) fruit, yoghurts, tea and coffee plus various hot items which changed daily. The dining area was kept clean and replenished by the attendant hostess.If (when) we return to New York there is no question that we will return to the Hampton.	
Oct 18 2007	Wonderful Little Hotel Great Location	A little gem of a hotel steps away from the Seaport, literally 2 minutes away, but tucked away on a side street so guests are not subjected to the late night raucous merrymaking. The rooms &amp; facilities are exceptionally clean and well-maintained. The individually climate-controlled rooms are very pleasant and astonishingly quiet, although I did find them a bit small. The staff goes out of their way to accomodate guests. We were checked in immediately and courteously although we were significantly early. We took our bags to our room, left immediately as we were running late for an event, and did not return until late evening, at which time we inspected the room and realized that it would be uncomfortably tight for my husband, 7 year old daughter and I. We requested a larger room, and were instructed to take our bags to the 9th floor. Upon entering the room, it was obvious that no housekeeping had been performed since the departure of the previous occupants. We then had to move our bags to another room. However, they restored our good humor when they voluntarily reduced our rate by half in redress for our inconvenience. My 7 year old daughter has forged a special friendship with Anthony, the bell captain/doorman/provider of anything else you need. The desk staff is always pleasant. A word of warning about their complimentary breakfast buffet--quite bad.	
Oct 9 2007 	Awesome Little Hotel...Great Location!	Great Hotel! Absolutely loved the location, literally right next to the Brooklyn Bridge. I would have thought it would be noisy. But I never even heard a car, compared to usually staying in mid-town where it is extremely noisy. The room was small, but very clean. Absolutely comfy bed. Loved the flat screen TV.Glad I switched from my first choice of a usual mid-town hotel to this one. We were looking for something near SoHo as we were meeting up with friends coming in from LA who booked their hotel at 60 Thompson ($$$). We wanted to be close but couldn't afford those rates. We paid $197 + tax for the Hampton Inn!The Hampton Inn is right next to the South Street Seaport and the water taxi. Loved being down by the water...its just a totally different atmosphere.The staff was wonderful and very accomodating. Can't say enough good things about them. Complimentary breakfast in the morning that you can even take up to your room with you. They were kind enough to keep our bags at check-out and even hold my left overs from the restaurant for me in their hotel fridge til we were ready to get our car and drive back home.Parking was only $20.00 a night right across the street. Very convenience and for NYC extremely cheap. I'm used to paying $50 a night minimum, so this was a great deal.We all took the night time Manhattan Yacht at Pier 59 (Chelsea Piers) cruise around lower manhattan. Well worth the $50 a ticket. Highly recommend. Amazing views and they right in front of the Statue of Liberty. Cool to see at night. They go under the Brooklyn Bridge, go a little further and then turn around. Afterwards had dinner at Pellegrino's in Little Italy about a mile or so away. Again, well worth the money. Amazing food. Next day took a walk across the Brooklyn Bridge and that was pretty cool. A mututal friend of ours who used to live there, told us that there was an amazing pizza place under the Brooklyn Bridge in Brooklyn. They were right. Right under the Bridge is Grimaldi's Pizza. Plan on waiting at least 30-40 minutes outside for a table. I'm not a waiting person, but it was worth it and there was shade and a breeze.Having been to NYC many many times, I forgot how much I enjoyed staying in lower manhattan. Last time I stayed there we stayed in the hotel that was between the twin towers. This location was even better. Great weekend getaway.Would definitely stay at the Hampton Inn Seaport again!!!!!	
Oct 3 2007 	Great location friendly staff comfortable bed	The location is really great for cabbing it, not as good for taking the subway, but it's manageable. The staff were incredibly friendly. Given the small size of the lobby, I was pleasantly surprised by how nicely the room was decorated, the perks (flat screen tv), and how comfortable the bed was. I don't think I've slept on a more comfortable bed at a hotel, ever. This hotel presents a great value for NYC.	
Sep 19 2007 	The staff are special here	This is a budget hotel in a good location central to everything. The nearest underground is City Hall and compared to the opposition is extremely good value for Manhattan. There are plenty of good restuarants within walking distance.The staff are really nice people and I would recommend it for people visiting New York without hesitation.	
Sep 8 2007 	Good hotel with a great location	We spend a few days at the Hampton Inn New York Seaport / Financial District before flying back home. The hotel is located right next to Pier 17/south street seaport and within walking distance of most of south Manhattan. It took 5 minutes to walk to the subway, a little more than 10 to walk to Ground Zero. The whole area had lots of shops, restaurants and fast food places and we had a great view over the city.The room and bathroom were clean and with a nice supply of everything you could possible need. We did have a small problem with a door that couldn't lock, but the problem was solved quickly by the front desk. The room was a little on the small side, but the roomwas larger than rooms in other Manhattan hotels we have staid at previously and big enough for 2 adults and a teenager.Every hotel employee. we encountered were extremely courteous and helpful with everything from directions, recommendations on places to eat and requests for extra towels. Breakfast was good and the breakfast area was kept very clean.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great hotel in lower manhattan(professional and clean)	I stayed at this hotel from August 31 to September 4. The hotel is immaculate. I had a room with a king bed on the second floor. The room was quiet and very clean. The room was average in NYC size (not small but not large). I understand some rooms have terraces so if you prefer a larger room they may be worth booking if available. The bathroom was a decent size (shower/tub combination) and the bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel is new and the furnishings reflect this. Each room has a plasma TV. The employees are very friendly and helpful at all times. They were very helpful in providing tourist information (maps etc) to all of the guests. The location is great - near the southstreet seaport and wall street. It was a welcome change to stay away from the crowds in Times Square. The hotel is close to the Fulton Street subway so I was able to attend 2 plays and a jazz concert. As part of the rate you have a full hot/cold breakfast each morning (including fresh fruit, eggs, various selections of breads and baked goods, several types of juices and cereals) and in the afternoon snacks and beverages are provided in the lobby. I would highly recommend this hotel to those visiting New York for business or pleasure. Do not be put off by the location. The subway is close to the hotel and is very easy to use. I walked around after dark and felt very safe. The southstreet seaport area has great restaurants and attractions. It is an historic location to explore. I will definitely be staying at this hotel again.	
Aug 20 2007 	Small room ok I guess	Rooms seem to be new, but are very small if you are used to Hilton properties. Morning breakfast is included in your room rate, eating area is very small and become crowed during the morning rush to meetings and appointments. A single slow elevator gets you from the lobby to your room. The staff was nice and the rooms are clean. You are walking distance to the harbor and Wall street if you are working. Front desk arranged a private car for transportation to JFK, was about $50.00 but well worth it when you consider a cab was the same price.	
Aug 19 2007 	delightfully surprised	We stayed for 5 days on a family vacation; me, my wife and 2 teenagers. The rooms were very clean and a good size, by NYC standards. The staff was excellent. It is located in the financial district and my suspicions is that it is a lot less busy on the weekends. Complimentary breakfast was nothing over the top, but certainly adequate and better than many places. It is located within an easy walking distance to the subway - about 4 blocks. If this is your first time to Manhattan, the subway system is good and you can get to mid-town without any difficulty. If you want to take a cab, about $20 one way. You can walk to Wall Street and Ground Zero. SoHo and the Village and be reached by walking or a short subway. This hotel is an excellent value. If you are into a pure theatre experience, you may want to look a little closer to mid town. That being said, I would go back	
Aug 19 2007 	Exceptional service location 	It was my grandmothers 92nd birthday while we were stayed at the Hampton Inn. On her actually birthday the staff surprised her with a beautiful bouquet of flowers and a thoughtful card in the room when we came back which was the most remarkable treatment either of us has ever encountered. The staff was incredibly attentive and kind. The rooms were compact but very clean and the linens are high quality and the beds very comfortable. There are flat screen TV’s in the room mounted to the wall which help saved space which is a valuable commodity in NY. The breakfast was basic but with a nice variety of options. The location is right around the corner from a plentiful selection of restaurants and activities. I would recommend the circle line Zephyr harbor tour. An excellent view of the harbor vicinity and just a 5 minutes walk from the hotel.The downfalls: It is very expensive but so is everything in New York. It is also a good haul to get uptown regardless of whether you take a taxi, bus or subway. Just be prepared to stay out all day if you plan on heading uptown. The exercise room was essentially a closet and was composed of an entire 2 machines, but was sufficient for my uses.Overall we were made to feel very at home and welcomed throughout the entire stay. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Aug 14 2007	good deal for nyc	I had to find a room at the last minute in nyc. I tried Priceline but after they did not accept my bid I couldn't try again and was stuck as I did not want to pay $300 for a room. I read that this hotel was clean with great beds and reasonable for nyc. Initially they quoted $269, when I called back it was $249 and when I got there they gave it to me for $229. I needed to stay extra nights and they gave me the room for $195. Although both were a lot of money, it wasn't for new york, and at times the rates here go up to $540 which is insane. The hotel was in Seaport, a place I'd never been. I loved the location as it had great restaurants and live music at night. The hotel is new, the rooms very small, but it had 2 queen beds that were great, a nice bath room and a flat screen TV. They did not have in room films on pay per view, so that was disappointing but okay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is simple, no real lobby or bar or restaurant, although there is a breakfast room and a continental breakfast which was okay, nothing great, terrible coffee. I would stay here again, plan ahead and try for the lower rates.	
Jul 30 2007 	This place is wonderful!	I'm happy to see that other travelers had as great an experience as we did at this hotel. We paid $242/night on the weekend for four people, two beds. Definitely pricey, but not for NYC, and the price includes a hot continental breakfast every morning right in the lobby dining area. . This hotel is fabulous! The quality of the service rivals that of a five-star hotel. Tony the bellman is phenomenally helpful and friendly, and Carmen and the rest of the desk staff also are tremendously helpful. Rooms are not large, but very, very comfortable and sparkling clean. There are only eight rooms on each floor, so it's quiet inside. Some street noise from outside can heard, depending on which way your room faces, but it's very manageable.The location is ideal---just two blocks from Southstreet Seaport shopping and walking distance to the financial district. They give you free access to the Internet via the lobby computer, if you don't have your own laptop. Overall, a memorable, delightful experience. I highly recommend this hotel, which apparently has been named the best Hampton Inn in the chain more than once.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great staff	The Hampton Inn is a new hotel built to look like it has been there awhile due to NYC code requirements. It is not your standard Hampton Inn. It is a 9-story hotel with 65 rooms in Lower Manhattan. There is no real lobby but rather just a small sitting area, the walking area to the elevators and ground-level rooms, the front desk, and the breakfast area. You will not pay standard Hampton Inn rates as you are within walking distance to Wall Street. In my experience, the rooms are more expensive Mondays - Thursdays. For example, I've seen a Tuesday night rate of $399 and a Friday night weekend rate of $219.The hotel is in a great location if you have business in Wall Street or at the U.S. federal courts (only a few blocks away). It is also very convenient to subway and bus stops. The hotel is located at 320 Pearl Street at the corner of Pearl Street and Peck Slip (an old cobblestone street which has lots of restaurants). The hotel is close to FDR Drive and the Brooklyn Bridge. The hotel is easy to miss. I drove by it twice because the Hampton Inn sign is very small and there is no hotel &quot;half-circle driveway&quot; entrance. There is no parking at the hotel but a parking garage a block away is available at a reduced charge for hotel guests. Wireless internet is included in the room rate. It worked great during my 3-day stay. My room, though small, had a nice big desk.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They really made the stay. Breakfast is included Mondays - Fridays and was a step above your standard continental breakfast as there were two hot items every morning. One morning there was pancakes as well as scrambled eggs. There was also fresh fruit.As stated, the rooms are small but it is New York so that is expected, and some rooms are larger than others. My room was very clean. Some rooms face Pearl Street and others do not. Some of the rooms not on Pearl Street and on the first six floors face the back of a building. I think that some of these ground-level rooms may have their own private courtyards. Other rooms on the back of the hotel face the river but ONLY those rooms on the top three floors (7-9, I think). What is really neat is that some of the top floor rooms have small terraces. These rooms are not really bigger than the others but you have the great views. There are some terraces on the Pearl Street side of the hotel but unsure as to the river side.As mentioned, the hotel is close to many restaurants. It is also within walking distance to the South Street Seaport which has even more restaurants. One great restaurant is a new French restaurant right around the corner at 259 Front Street (it used to be a Mexican restaurant). The food was very good and the staff very friendly. It has tables on the sidewalk so you get the &quot;cafe&quot; feel. All in all, I highly recommend the Hampton Inn Seaport.	
Jul 12 2007 	Wow what a find!	I had a great experience staying at the Hampton Inn at the Seaport last weekend. I've never stayed there before and was looking for something inexpensive. What a find! Clean beautiful room, located close to the subway (a few blocks away on Fulton) and what service. The bellman was so friendly and Berkis and Carmen, two women who worked at the front desk, could not have been nicer. They remembered my name and addressed me each time I came and went. Believe it or not, the service was similar to that I have received at the Four Seasons Philadelphia and the JW Marriott Cancun. Amazing and all for $199.00. Who knew! Keep up the good work! We look forward to staying again in the near future.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved Hampton Inn Loved New York	Stayed at the Hampton Inn Seaport the week of the 4th of July. It is a very nice place to stay at a reasonable price. The rooms are spotless, and I don't think I have ever seen a cleaner bathroom in a hotel. It was spotless!!! The staff was very courteous, always had a smile, and tried to help anyway they could with directions around town. The breakfast was great, with a great staff, cleaning staff wonderful. They had snacks in the afternoon which was nice, always had fruit available, and coffee. And the beds was the most comfortable I had every slept on. I wanted to take it home. And what can I say about New York, IT WAS WONDERFUL. The subway is just down the street, close to Little Italy, Chinatown, and right down the street is the Seaport with shops, places to eat, and things to do. I have always heard that people in New York are rude, BUT I NEVER RAN INTO THAT FIRST PERSON THAT WAS RUDE. I LOVE NEW YORK. I have always been a Yankees fan, and went to my first game at Yankee Stadium. Had a great time, and did all of the tourist things, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, WTC, Times Square. I wish I had time to cover the whole city. I especially loved Little Italy too!! Overall a great reasonable place to stay, good access to everywhere. Would give this place a thumbs up to anyone. Loved everything!!!!!! ONE LAST THING THE FIREWORKS WERE AWESOME!!!!!! THANK YOU HAMPTON INN, AND NEW YORK CITY FOR A GREAT VACATION I WON'T EVERY FORGET!!!!!	
Jul 4 2007	Great place to stay in NYC	Very pleased with our stay at this hotel while visiting NYC. Check-in was a breeze, the room was very clean and neat. The staff were all very pleasant and very helpful. Absolutely NO complaints about this hotel from our viewpoint and would definitely stay again. Subway is about a 7 min. walk from the hotel. Battery Park and the boats to Ellis Island as well as the WTC site within walking distance (or there is a free shuttle). Hotel is located in the vicinity of the Brooklyn Bridge. Parking is available across the street at a private parking garage. Hotel allowed us to check our bags both upon our early arrival and departure so we could sightsee. Noise was not a problem even though our room overlooked Pearl St. Beds were absolutely wonderful. Just a great place to stay while visiting NYC.	
Jun 29 2007 	Anothre Hampton Inn Success	We booked a Hilton Honors stay at this Hampton Inn after reading the reviews. I will just say that I agree with all of the positive reviews. I asked for a quiet room and it was. Our view was a brick wall, but that was just fine.	
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent!!	Nice location, clean, heavenly beds, great breakfast, I can't say enough about this hotel. give it a try. the staff is unbelievable!! so friendly and helpful. We made the mistake of only staying here 2 nights before moving midtown for the rest of our stay. We regret that we didn't spend our entire visit at the hampton inn seaport. next time we visit tihis is where we will stay!!	
Jun 4 2007 	Great place for the price	I don't think you can find a better deal in Manhattan - we paid a little under $200 for a recently updated room. It was very clean, decent-sized and very convenient (parking lot right next door that is reasonable). We were very impressed overall. As many reviewers noted, the bed was incredible comfortable and the room itself was well decorated. The flat screen tvs are a nice touch and keep the room uncluttered.	
May 15 2007 	LOVED THE HAMPTON INN SEAPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Just returned from a 3 night stay. This is a FABULOUS hotel. The front desk staff, the doormen, the breakfast staff, EVERYONE is incredibly friendly and helpful and warm and welcoming. The room was fabulous too. Really comfy beds, great decorating, and super super clean. The breakfasts are great - fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, hot eggs and sausage, etc. Good coffee. Just around the corner from the hotel is a FABULOUS little Italian restaurant - Bon Amici. Highly recommend it. I will stay at this hotel everytime I come to New York. Can't say enough great things about it!!!!!	
May 11 2007 	Comfort Service and Location....	I stayed in this hotel for a week on business and found the room large, (by NYC standards), the bed comfortable, the bathroom big and the whole place very clean. The room had a great flat screen TV, a nice size desk, free internet (but bring your own laptop) and free breakfast. The breakfast was not elaborate, but it was adequate including fruit, yogurt, cereals, breads, muffins, bagels, and 2 hot selections that varied each day. The location is only 2 blocks from the South St Seaport, so there are several nice restaurants nearby. I loved Acqua and the Dodo Cafe. In addition, the hotel is within 3 blocks of 2 of the major subway lines, so you can quickly be uptown, or anywhere else you need to go. I was particularly impressed with the service since I had to leave on very short notice and had put in dry cleaning for next day return. The helpful staff got it back from the dry cleaners for me within hours so I could leave town with all my clothes ! Also, when I returned to the hotel each day after work, they had warm complimentary cookies for the guests-a nice touch.Just one piece of advice, my room was on the ground floor and although I did not mind because I wear earplugs when I sleep, the ground floor rooms are noisy because you get lobby noise.	
May 9 2007 	Really liked this hotel highly recommend it	Spent three night at this hotel and would highly recommend it. The location is great: right next to the Brooklyne bridge and the South street Seaport area for shops and attractions. Battery park and city hall are a short walk away and there are several subway stations in the area. The hotel is small, I was told they opened recently, so it is overall pretty new, clean and very well kept. It was family friendly, we were there with a 4 year old and he loved it. The staff at the front desk was extremely helpful and courteous. When we got to the hotel they gave me a tour of the various rooms available so I could choose then one I liked the most. We had a room with two queen beds, it was fairly large by NYC standards. Had a desk, a window facing Pearl St, flat screen tv, two telephones, coffee maker etc. The beds and bed linens were new, very clean, very comfortable, you get plenty of pillows to choose the one you like best. The bed was definitely a plus to me! The batroom was large, very clean, with bathtub, hairdryer, plenty of supplies. Overall the room was nice, well decorated, modern, and very clean. We were on the 4th floor, facing the street, and it was only slightly noisy. It wasn't a problem for us, but if you have trouble falling asleep maybe ask for a room in the back, not one facing Pearl St.Another thing I liked a lot is that breakfast is included, and offered several nice options: fruit, yogurt, cereal, muffins, bread, butter, jam, eggs, sausages and plenty of juices, coffee, tea. It was nice to wake up and be able to have breakfast at the hotel, and head out ready to savour NYC. One last tip, one block from the hotel there is an Italian restaurant called Acqua. The hotel staff recommended it and I was a bit suspicious, but I was wrong. It was so good that we went there twice, and I'm 100% Italian, so you can trust my judgment on this one! We had home made pasta both nights, they had gnocchi, pappardelle, a great wine list, and fantastic desserts (we tried the pistacchio and mascarpone gelato, and it was really good!). For $188 a night (we were there over the w/e) + taxes I don't think I could have found better value for money in NYC!	
Apr 26 2007 	Service with a Smile--MINE!	I just spent one night at the Hamptom Inn--what a pleasant surprise! Fantastic service--front desk, maids, even the guy powerwashing the sidewalk outside the hotel! EX: I checked in 5 hours earlier than the check-in time, and was treated like royalty. No hassle, no issues. At first they thought they wouldn't have a room available--and they recommended I did not accept the 1st floor room that they believed was available b/c of the street noise--but quickly found an available room on a higher floor.Rooms with great design features and amenities--clean, funky, comfortable, great bed and linens, flat screen wall-mounted tv. (While the rooms are small, even by NY standards, the service and surroundings well make up for it!)For a really small hotel, it was such an overwhelming treat to experience a stay at the Hampton Inn.	
Apr 24 2007 	What a Great Deal!	This is a great little hotel with friendly staff, clean comfy rooms and a great location. I booked the room for my first visit to NYC. A friend came with me, who has been to NYC several times. She was impressed with the hotel and room and said she would definitely stay here again. Same with me, I have at least one more trip to NYC planned and I will stay here. I'm very picky about cleanliness in a hotel room, (I travel for business a lot). This hotel passed my high standards. The bathroom was very clean, The beds were comfy and the sheets and bedding were of good decent quality. They serve free breakfast in the morning, nothing fancy, scrambled eggs, sausage, sometimes fresh waffles, breads, fruits, yogurts, cereals, juices and coffees, but it more than satisfies. Although, I didn't use it, they have free internet in the rooms.I almost hesitate to write this review, while the hotel deserves a great review, I want to keep this a secret all to myself and a few good friends!	
Apr 2 2007 	Hamptons Shining Star - Don't Stay Anywhere Else	My wife and I have been visiting New York for several years and we were already aware of Hampton Inns great value for money, however our first visit to their Seaport location was the best thing we have ever done. This hotel is shining star in the Hampton galaxy, the rooms are spotlessly clean with huge beds and soft marshmallow bedding that you just sink into, there's plasma TV in every room, ice and soda machines on most landings and a compact gym in the basement. We are talking 4 to 5 star quality without the over dressing.Included in the terrific rates is a complimentary hot and cold buffet breakfast with as much as you can eat. There's no bar or restaurant but that doesn't matter as right around the corner is a great diner and a host of fabulous Seafood, Italian, Steak, Japanese and traditional restaurants. Seaport is like a step back in time with cobbled streets and old warehouses that are now modern shops and bars etc. It's an Oasis in the heart of New York. The Hampton Seaport is right under the Brooklyn Bridge, just a block from the subway (10 mins to Empire State) and 5 minute stroll to Ground Zero.The staff were terriic, very helpful and friendly. One of the greatest surprises when we finally climbed into bed was the silence, no sirens, car horns, people shouting just warm comfortable sweet dreams. Can't wait to go back.	
Mar 26 2007 	Best Kept Secret	This is a great Hotel well located for Downtowm and Brooklyn Bridge. Subway is just a short walk and can be uptown in no time at all.All staff very friendly, search for a price on the net, we stayed for three nights for £207	
Mar 7 2007	Most comfortable beds ever!		
Feb 9 2007 	Good Hotel		
Nov 30 2006 	Great stay for Thanksgiving week end		
Oct 24 2006	Serves its purpose		
Aug 30 2006 	Walking Distance to Ground Zero Seaport Brooklyn Bridge		
Aug 22 2006 	Exceeded My Expectations		
Jul 4 2006	Great Hotel		
Apr 9 2006	A Great Place to Stay		
Sep 17 2009 	Einfach weiter zu empfehlen		
Jun 6 2009 	Angenehmer Aufenthalt in angenehmer Atmosphäre		
Jan 7 2009 	?????????		
Feb 23 2008 	Rien à redire		
Oct 7 2007 	Un hotel muy correcto para la Gran Manzana		
