Oct 11 2009 	Absoutely Amazing !!!	I Am HONORED To Write A Review On The Franklin Hotel !!! I MUST Give A HUGE Thank You To Showkat And Francelle, They Added An EXTRA Plus On The A++++++ That I Am Giving The Franklin Hotel !!! From The Moment That We Arrived On The Door Step, To The Moment We Checked Out... EVERYTHING Was PERFECT !!! I Arranged For A ROMANTIC Get-Away For My Husband And My 26TH Wedding Anniversary, And I Could NOT Have Picked A BETTER Place !!! From The Quaint Sitting Area, To The 24 Hour Cafe'... We BOTH Loved It ALL !!! The Complimentary Breakfast Was WONDERFUL, EVERYTHING Was Delicious... And SO FRESH !!! And I Must Say How AMAZING The Wine In The Evening Was, It Was Such A WONDERFUL Way To Wind Down Our Hectic Days... PERFECT !!! I Have To Say That I Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND The Franklin Hotel To EVERYONE !!! We Will DEFINITELY Be Staying At The Franklin Hotel AGAIN, I Will NOT Even Look Elsewhere... I Have Found The PERFECT Place For US !!! Again, THANK YOU Showkat And Francelle... WE HAD AN AMAZING STAY AT THE FRANKLIN HOTEL, And The Two Of YOU Desreve KUDOS !!! :)	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice hotel for a different experience	I spent 4 nights here in September and was excited about staying at a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel since I was in the mood for something a little different than a chain hotel. The hotel did not lack for character. I loved the old elevator circa. 1930's, the old world feel of the room with chandelier hanging above the bed. The rooms are smaller but we didn't feel crammed. The hotel is on the upper east side, which is a completely different from times square, midtown, etc. The 4,5,6 subway train was around the corner but the overall location is very remote. When you are trying to make the most out of every minute in NYC it is much better to be within walking distance to the theaters, shopping, etc. You could walk to central park from this hotel but that was about it. Friendly staff, good experience, but I would stay closer to midtown next time.	
Sep 21 2009	Felt like you were at home!	We just finished a three night stay at this hotel. The staff was super friendly and helpful and the extra amenities were definitely a plus. The subway was around the corner and we were able to get from one end of Manhattan to the other with ease. The area around the hotel had wonderful shops, resturants and fruit stands. I have never stayed at such a wonderful place in NYC and would recommend this place to almost anyone. The rooms are small but very clean with great décor. It truly had the feel of a European bed and breakfast.	
Sep 2 2009 	yes the room was tiny but ...	Yes, our room at The Franklin Hotel was tiny! We had the basic queen room and the space was sufficient for us two and our stuff for a two night stay. Our room and the public areas were clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. The view from our window was a brick wall with a glimpse of the sky to the side - but we weren’t there for the view. We did have a full view of the street from the front parlor where we enjoyed breakfast and afternoon wine. I loved the breakfast of fresh (not frozen!) pastries, yogurt, and coffee drinks. I also liked the old-time elevator with a door we had to open ourselves. I found charming the worn down “Lobby” button in the elevator. The location was great for us - within walking distance of the Guggenheim (our reason for visiting) and the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We would recommend The Franklin for travelers who want to stay on the upper east side, but not for those who want to be closer to the more popular tourist sites and restaurants.	
Aug 30 2009 	Maybe not for people allergic to pets	We stayed here for 3 nights in late August and loved everything about the hotel - well, almost everything. The bed was the most comfortable in the world and the pillows were excellent quality . The bathroom was very clean. The breakfast of fresh baguettes and French pastries, prosciutto, jam, cereal, yogurt, juices and coffee bar was fantastic (a little fruit would've made it perfect). The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The free WIFI was a classy touch. The location was perfect: 1 block from subway lines 4,5,6; many buses; shopping around the corner; Jamba Juice; Best Buy; Barnes &amp; Noble; a pharmacy; the Metropolitan Museum of Art within walking distance; a movie theater around the corner; and an excellent French restaurant, Cafe d'Alsace, about 3 blocks away.The hotel often has specials which can be found on their website, like the &quot;3 nights for the price of 2&quot;.What we didn't like about the hotel was the size of the rooms (tiny), the loud air conditioners (at least this blocked any possible noise from the street, elevator, hallway or adjacent rooms!) and their pet policy. We didn't know that pets were allowed and my son developed a terrible allergy during our stay. He was congested and sneezing all the time in the hotel. Thank goodness for the pharmacy across the street. Since the corridors and rooms are so small (and there is very little space between furniture and walls), it must be hard to manoeuver an industrial vacuum cleaner around the hotel. If we go back, I'll ask if there are any rooms that are pet-free.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice hotel if you have to stay on the upper east side	Rooms are teeny-tiny, but comfortable and clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. It is very quiet. Close to the subway.	
Aug 18 2009 	Comfortable lovely little hotel that's pristine yet cozy	I was in NYC to help my daughter move into her new apartment on the Upper East Side and needed a hotel in that neck of the woods. Having traveled and stayed in NYC a gazillion times, I have my favorite hotels but wanted to try something new and hadn't previously lodged quite that far away from Midtown. But now, I'm a complete convert! I absolutely loved the Franklin Hotel and doubt I'll every stay anywhere else. It's a lovely little gem in a wonderful neighborhood with easy access to everything - park, restaurants, shopping, cabs and subway. I stayed there for 4 days and so I had plenty of opportunity to experience the staff and every person I encountered was pleasant and helpful. My room (no. 65) was very well-appointed (small but so nicely arranged) and had modern touches which added to its clean feeling but was then cozied up with things like a small, crystal chandelier above the bed and a throw that may have been a cashmere blend. The breakfast was simple but of high quality (wonderful croissant) and I enjoyed the coffee and tea bar which was open 24/7. Wireless connection was consistently strong. If you're looking for a large room and a big closet, don't stay here but if you want a welcoming spot to return to after enjoying or working in the city, this is an excellent pick.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great hotel with tiny rooms	The Franklin has a lot going for it: Clean rooms, friendly staff, a good breakfast and wine and cheese in the evenings. It has free wireless. It's in a great location. The 4,5, and 6 train stop is around the corner and Central Park is only a few blocks away. The downside is the size of rooms. They are tiny. There were two of us in the room. One person placed a suitcase on the desk the other was on the floor and had to be stepped over to move around the room. The bathroom is not well ventilated. I would absolutely stay again if I were traveling alone. If I were not traveling alone I would look around for a better deal in NYC.	
Jul 27 2009	The Franklin Hotel	I had a very last minute stay in NYC. My daughter had walked by this small hotel often, and called and booked a room for me the same night. They were offering a summer special, stay 2 nights, get the third free. What my daughter and I hadn't counted on: free European breakfast every morning, wine and cheese every afternoon, and outstanding service from the staff. The rooms were quite small, but fine for the time we spent in it. It was located 1 block from the 86th station, and walking distance to the park. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great little Upper East Side Hotel	Went to visit my new grand daughter in April and wanted not to stay in a crowded one bedroom apartment on the upper east side. My daughter, a long time NYC resident found this little gem one block from her apartment!There was wine and cheese every afternoon and a nice little breakfast every morning included in the price. The rooms were very small, opening the bathroom door meant losing my closet door, and the bed took up most of the room. However, it looked newly decorated and very clean. Nice staff and price for NYC.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good service and convenient location but a little pricey	On arrival I didn't expect much from the small opening off the street but the service was excellent and I was escorted to the room and given all the information regarding their services.The room was small and I think you can get a better deal elsewhere - see my other review on the Hilton Garden Inn at Times Square - but all in all I was satisfied.Located on the upper east side, there offer a complimentary gym pass to a very fine gym, complimentary breakfast, and although no room service from the hotel itself, they have a connection to a restaurant near by.It's clean and cute but unless you can find better deals.	
May 11 2009 	European charm in the heart of New York	This hotel felt exactly like a charming hotel in Europe. The breakfast was wonderful crusty bread, cheese, pastries, yogurt and granola. Any sort of coffee - including cappuccino and lattes (and decaf options) are available 24 hours. In the evening, they have wine and cheese - with proper cheese (no yellow cubes!). We would sit and chat with the other patrons, discussing trips to Egypt and the opera (this IS the upper east side, after all!). Even more European were the rooms - lovely embroidered linens and scented soaps in a room the size of a shoebox. In my room, the bathroom was so small, the sink was in the bedroom, and the closet was literally only 6 inches wide. But, being by myself, it was fine. Most of the other rooms are larger (although still very small by American standards), and if you are traveling as a couple, you should make sure to get one of the larger rooms. The service of the staff was excellent. It really felt like gracious living in old world style. If you want something with charm, comfort and a very homey feel, the Franklin is the place for you.	
Mar 10 2009 	a favorite boutique	I've stayed at many moderately priced NYC boutique hotels on business. This one is great if you can get a good rate and if you don't mind a very small facility (feels more like a little apt building than a hotel.) I prefer this intimate feeling and also like being on the upper east vs. crazy midtown. You'll feel like a neighborhood resident. Rooms are small but beautifully decorated and very clean. Bathrooms are very very small but fabulous Bulgari toilletries make up for it. Nice 1st floor lounge and complimentary cappuccino machine is great. Continental breakfast included is EXCELLENT- not your typical stale pastry. Homemade yogurt and granola, croissant, baguette and gourmet cheeses. Great little gem!	
Feb 8 2009 	Cute cute cute...........	We were in-town for a friend's wedding and stayed at The Franklin for 3 nights in 2/09 before heading down to stay 3 more nights on the lower east side.The hotel is located in a great spot on the upper east side very near the 86th/Lex subway stop. The hotel is walking distance to the park, the met, and places to eat/drink on 2nd ave..... It feels quieter and more residential up there than other more &quot;touristy&quot; areas of NYC which is so welcomed in such a crazy city.We flew in on the red-eye and got to the hotel around 9am. HUGE points for letting us check-in so early. The staff were sweet and friendly throughout our stay. The place has a bed and breakfast/home-like feel to it. We saw very few guests during our stay and felt like we lived here by the time we left. Very private and relaxing.The rooms are tiny, but very charming with soft colors, nice lighting, and great beds. Our room had a small desk, large TV, queen sized bed, and decent closet space. Expensive mini-bar (but aren't they always?)....do wish they had offered free water though. Wireless internet service was great as was daily newspaper delivery. We were on the 7th floor and maid service came late (around 2pm), but we are not &quot;morning&quot; people so this didn't bother us a bit. The bathroom is really small and the water pressure on the rain shower a little weak, but other than that, they did a great job with the space.The breakfast area is small, but cozy. Don't expect a full on American breakfast, but the rolls, cereal, coffees, and tea are a great addition to the place. I loved the textured wall paper...might have to add some to my dining area back home. We also enjoyed the free evening wine and cheese further adding to the romantic, charming feel of the hotel. The coffee machine runs 24/7 so you can always pop in and get yourself a latte and tea.....which is so nice on the chilly winter Manhattan nights.Really a great boutique hotel worth checking out.	
Jan 11 2009 	Well presented but small	We used this hotel as a base for our first visit to New York along with a number of friends. Initially I was very disappointed with the size of our room. In truth there was very little space bar a path around the bed and with two large bags most of the floor was gone. Not much storage space either for clothes but I suppose that's to be expected of a small hotel like this. The room was very clean and well presented and the toilet/shower room (the wash basin was in the bedroom rather than the bathroom) was well maintained.Having said all this some of the other couples in our group did get rooms that were much larger so there was an element of luck involved.There is no bar or restaurant in the hotel but there are plenty of alternatives in the surrounding area and the hotel staff are very accomodating if you want to bring food/drink back in to the two rooms that are used as communal areas. Breakfast consists of cereal, various breads, ham and the usual beverages so is ample. A real selling point was the wine and cheese that was made available in the evening, especially if you are with a group.As far as location goes it was fine. Only a couple of blocks away from Central Park and the subway so it was a good staging point but it would have been quite a walk to the main attractions in Downtown Manhattan....taxis were the best solution.So in summary although I was disappointed with the size of the room and the lack of bar/restaurant I really can't fault the cleanliness or the service provided.	
Jan 3 2009 	A great place to stay	We have just come back from a 5 night stay in this hotel and couldn't recommend it highly enough. The staff were brilliant and couldn't have been more helpful. The rooms are as small as you'd expect for a manhattan hotel but the ground floor communal areas make up for it. The free breakfast and free wine and cheese in the evening are a definite bonus and we will be definitely using this hotel again in the future. One thing to be aware of is that you will have to pay state and service taxes at the end of your stay, this amounted to a further $79 for 5 nights which isn't too bad but is something to be aware of.	
Dec 5 2008	tiny rooms hidden charges	Positives: very clean rooms, nice towels, toiletteries, daily newspaper, slippers, very comfortable beds, free internet at the reception. negatives: the rooms are really small. I was given a queen superior first but there was no room to put the suitcase anywhere other then on the floor between the bed and the window, and the warderobe was so small, just room enough for a change of clothes. The room was like a mouse trap, even for one person, not suited for double occupancy. So I was upgraded to queen de luxe which was fine for one person, two people would probably be okay too if you get along really well and don't spend too much time in the room.Be prepared to pay over 50 dollars additionally to the room rate. Taxes plus the charge of 12 dollars &quot;service charge&quot;. Service charge added to the room rate is something I have never seen before in a hotel. I suspect , it is the charge for the breakfast which is being praised as &quot;complimentary&quot; on the hotel website.	
Dec 4 2008 	compact 	I am really impressed with the other reviews of this property. They pretty much hit the mark. Don't be put off by the somewhat garrish apearance of the red marquee with some missing letters which give the look of a &quot;No-tell Motel&quot;. This is a well maintained property, with a courteous and efficient staff. The rooms are compact but comfortable, though the bathrooms are rather a bit too &quot;abbreviated&quot;, read very small. The bed was very comfortable and the linens were very fresh. The AC was working in Oct!!! however, it was not silent when cycling on and off. Other than this, my room was quiet. The breakfasts consist of small and unvaried selection pastries, crusty bread, cheese, prosciutto, granola and good coffee. The addition of some fresh fuit would be very nice.The location is convenient for Met Museum visits, the Neue Galerie, and the Guggenheim Museum, etc. The metro station is just around the corner on Lexington.My family lives in the neighborhood, so I will probably stay at the Franklin in the future if I come alone; though, I think my husband might find the rooms too compact for his comfort. However, dear traveler, be aware that there is a &quot;sevice charge&quot; added to your bill. When I asked about this, I was told it was for ...basically the amenities - the NY Times every morning, the internet access, the breakfasts, the robes, slippers, toiletries, etc. Nope, there's no &quot;free&quot; lunch Virginia! Let's have some truth in advertising, please.	
Nov 3 2008 	Had a great stay at The Lincoln	My boyfriend was a NYC resident for sometime so he acted as my tour guide and picked this hotel based on it's location for my first visit to NYC. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay at The Franklin. It definitely exceeded our expectations. The room was very small (which we had expected; c'mon it's New York!), however everything within the room was exceptionally nice. The bed and linens were comfy and clean. There was a nice sized flat-screen t.v. and the bedside alarm had an iPod port. The bath was also small, but again everything was VERY clean, nice and worked properly. It seemed also pretty insulated as I never heard our neighbors. It was very close to the subway and there were some tasty restaurants nearby which made it very convenient. The staff was really helpful and kind too. Overall, I'd highly recommend it.	
Oct 15 2008 	claustrophobic	Friendly welcome, told we had been upgraded but even so the room was very small and the bathroom even smaller (no room to lift your arms when using the wash basin). The room was so small that the heat from the flat screen tv on the wall made the room hot and the air conditioning was inadequate. The air conditioning was also just a box let into the window and was very noisy. The whole feel of this hotel was claustrophobic	
Oct 13 2008 	Little Franklin not bad	It is amazing how accurate other reviewers described this hotel. Practically everything everybody said is correct. We had a &quot;Deluxe&quot; Queen, and I would not be able to stand it in anything smaller. I could barely get to the sink and I am a size four. The closet door did open though not all the way because of the desk and there was of course no dresser, though the single night table did have 3 small drawers. But the mattress was very good and we could actually move around the room. The air conditioner cycled on and off a whole night. But, the room was spic and span clean and looked recently renovated. The staff was very friendly, the breakfast was very adequate (though I would suggest some healthier option like fruit instead of some of the carbohydrate loaded fare). The area is great; so close to the park, the subway, the Metropolitan, etc, etc. Having said all that, I have stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Upper East Side on 92nd St and eventhough the area is just a tiny bit less perfect, the rooms are larger, the bed is larger, the bathroom is larger, parking is easier, internet access is better in the lobby , there is a coffee maker and a chair in the room as well as a dresser, and everything is clean too and it is cheaper. One would have to get breakfast somewhere else and do without wine and cheese at 5, not the end of the world.I did have a bit of a problem with the reservations; I tried to cancel them since I found a better deal somewhere else and although the web says cancellations accepted one day before, and the receipt emailed stated the same, when I called they said cancellations had to be made before 3 PM. So beware of this policy, since it's not clear. All in all, it's a really nice quaint little place.Not for claustrophobics	
Oct 3 2008 	Loved it!	My wife and I spent six nights here 9/21-27 and loved it. We were in room 32 which is a &quot;deluxe king&quot;(?). First-timers must prepare for the shock of the size of rooms relative to the price in Manhattan. Compared to other hotels where we have stayed, this was almost palatial. (Others in the hotel we met at the continental breakfast or the afternoon wine and cheese reception spoke of the smallness of their rooms. One said their sink was in the closet because there was no room in the bathroom.) So, here goes:THE LOCATION: Excellent. The 4,5,6 subway just around the corner (20 minutes from Hotel to Century 21 at ground zero on the 4 express; the 6 to the 5 at 51st and you walk up to the door of &quot;Wicked&quot;; etc.); museum mile &amp; Central Park 3 blocks over; wide variety of restaurants in short walking distances; very, very safe.THE STAFF: Excellent. Everyone was attentive, responsive, friendly - all without hovering or phoniness. From doormen to maintenance worker, we did not have a bad experience with a single person. These days, that's almost impossible.THE ROOM: Great! Chandelier is a great touch. We had a small, adequate cedar-lined closet with small safe, robe/slippers; desk; plenty of accessible and available electrical outlets (six). We had no laptop, but wireless service is free. The bed is easily the BEST I have experienced in a hotel. High count, embroidered sheets and amazing pillows, (not to mention the cashmere throw!), were a godsend at the end of long days of walking the city. Each side table had three good-sized drawers. Bathroom was spotless, well stocked. Soaking tub was a hit with my wife, but shower water pressure was lame and need better lighting over mirror. Flat panel, wall-mounted TV would have been perfect had they carried Fox News. In-room “honor bar” typically outrageously priced – avoid the temptation.THE BREAKFAST &amp; RECEPTION: Very Adequate. The 24 hr Starbucks-style self serve coffee bar wouldn’t fit in my bag or it would be home with me now. Breakfast reminiscent of European fare with artisan bread, butter, jams, two hard cheeses, prosciutto, three types of cereals, plain yogurt, mini-crescents &amp; Danishes, orange juice, hot tea, cocoa and milk. 5 to 6:30pm wine &amp; cheese reception (daily in spite of what you may read elsewhere) has basic chardonnay &amp; pinot noir &amp; several spreadable cheeses, dried fruits and nuts. Room is SMALL with seating for only about eight but there is additional seating in the front “den” area. That said, we had no problem getting a table.THE SERVICE: Great. We had two problems during our stay. First, our TV remote didn’t fully work. It did take until the next day to get that resolved, but was no big deal. Second, our window unit A/C slowly cratered over the first two days. We reported it on our way out one morning and it was working like a champ when we returned. Housekeeping was impeccable.ISSUES: Update the hotel info books in the rooms-they had inaccurate information. Improve water pressure for showers. Add fresh fruit to breakfast spread.	
Sep 16 2008 	Fabulous find!	We found this wonderful hotel by reading reviews on Trip Advisor which led us to Expedia. The hotel was wonderful for us in every way. It has a very European feel to it. Whoever owns or manages this hotel takes a lot of pride in what they're doing. First, the room was immaculate. The bed and sheets were high quality and super comfortable. Our room was situated in a way that we heard no outside noise from other guests or elevator. We had a superior queen which was not too small by NYC standards. The breakfast was lovely in every way. It was a nice way to start the day before heading out to see the sights. The food was very fresh and they took a lot of care with it. We also enjoyed the evening wine &amp; cheese. Again, done very nicely. The people that work at this hotel get an A plus in my book. They were so friendly and always wanting to assist us in any way they could. You never felt like you were bothering them. The location....we loved it. 3 blocks over to Central Park and the Met. Subway was right around the corner. We will stay here again the next time we come to NYC. This is the first time I have ever taken the time to write a review and we travel a lot. It's so refreshing to go to a hotel that takes pride in what they're doing. It is a boutique hotel so if you like big Marriotts, this is not the place for you.	
Aug 31 2008 	A great find	Always amusing to come back and read reviews after having visited a hotel. On reflection I think that most of the reviews of this hotel are pretty accurate except for the the one who seemed determined to complain about everything and expected to be treated like royalty! Yes - the rooms are small but beautifully appointed. Yes - the dining area is also small but the breakfast is great. The intimate wine and cheese tasting in the evening is an unexpected bonus. We met another couple and went out for dinner on the strength of having a laugh over a few glasses at The Franklin. Also - the desk staff were extremely helpful and obliging. Overall - I defy anyone to find this standard of hotel in Manhattan for the money.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great hotel great deal but for light travelers	I have been many times to NYC and my experience in The Franklin was one of the best. It is a cute classic building but rooms are completely remodeled in a very modern way.Bed, bathroom &amp; amenities are fantastic! Breakfast is good and staff is really amaiable.It's location could not be better: one block from a subway station ( where you can take two express lines and one regular one ) and about four blocks from the Met. Great selection of stores in the surrounding blocks.Just one catch, the small queen rooms have no closet ! It only has a very small space for 3 - 4 hangers tops. If you are a light traveler, single traveler, or don't mind having your clothes inside your bags, this is a really great hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	can't wait to go back	My husband and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Franklin and I can't say a poor word about the hotel, it was a wonderful experience. Our room was beautiful and incredibly sheik. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the plasma screen tv was a real treat. The room was luxurious, complete with a ihome alarm clock and ipod charger, a beautiful cashmere throw, window seat, desk, beautiful chanderlier on a dimmer, and a full length mirror. An iron, hair dryer, umbrella, robe, and designer toiletries were all included. Our room faced the street and it got a bit noisey in the mornings but it's NYC so what else could you expect? It was certainly not an issue. The only thing I wish the room had was a mini fridge.The room size was also not an issue, it was a King (upgraded for free w/o even asking) size room and had plenty of space and a lovely bathroom. Nothing is overly big but not awkward either, again it's NYC and I didn't go there to lounge around in my room for days on end. Overall I'd say it was one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever been in for the price and probably closer to a 4*.The staff was pretty friendly, and actually very normal and not the overly perky, annoyingly fake type. The were very eager to help and always polite and jovial. The doorman is delightful as well.The location of The Franklin is a dream as far as I'm concerned, it's right in hub on Manhattan's wealthiest neighbourhood, 3 blocks from Central Park and the Guggenheim, two seconds from the subway and within walking distance to all the best shops on the Upper East Side. Also we booked a hop-on bus tour and it stopped right in front of the Guggenheim as well. I couldn't have asked for a better location especially if you're after the museums, Madison Avenue shops, and the Park. Just east of the Franklin is a plethora of restuarants where you'll find something for every pallate and budget.The hotel has some real perks too. The continental breakfas was awesome - chesses, pastries, the most amazing crusty bread, proscuttio, cereal, juices, and the fantastic cappucino maker. It was a delight and was all I needed to start my day. For the record I never saw the buffet run out of food, nor did we ever have any trouble finding a place to sit and eat. We only made it to the wine and cheese once but again such a great experience - delicious cheeses, crackers, and lots of free wine. Fantastic.The hotel is equipped with wireless internet and there is a complimentary computer in the lobby for guests as well. I never had any problems getting time on the computer and I believe the hotel was booked to capacity.The only reason I would stay anywhere else in NYC is b/c I do enjoy a variety but it would be pretty difficult for me to find something that would make me switch the next time.	
Jul 8 2008 	Gem of a hotel in New York City	My husband and I spent a nice night at the Franklin Hotel in New York City. The hotel is small and on a quiet street and right off the 86th Street subway stop. Very easy to find. It is within walking distance to &quot;Museum Mile&quot; with most of New York's finest museums. Also within walking distance to Central Park. We attended a Yankees game and it was just a few stops along the subway from our location. The rooms are extremely clean and small but cozy. Very pleasantly decorated and has all the amenities of the bigger hotels. Flat screen TV on the wall, fragrant soaps and shampoos in the bathroom, a nice comfy robe to wear during your stay, and a basket of snack choices in the room for purchase. There are very modern phones and clock/radio/alarm and blow dryers in each room as well. Very comfortable bed. We had a King Room and had sufficient room inside. Alot of the reviews scared us about the size of the rooms but we had no trouble. It is probably pretty typical of the rooms in a city like New York and very typical of the rooms we have stayed in Europe. The Hotel offers a nice Continental breakfast in the morning from 7 to 10 am....Cheese, breads, sweet rolls, croissants, jam and jellies as well as several kinds of cereals with milk. Also hot beverages, coffees, espresso, latte, capucchino, hot chocolate, and teas. There is also a wine and cheese hour in the early evening but we were not there at that time to see what it was all about. The hotel has internet access but we did not have a computer with us to try it out. There was a computer in the lobby for guests. The staff was very nice and helped us with anything we asked from directions to advise on restaurants. We did try the La Cucina Italian restaurant that several of the reviewers here mentioned and we had a delicious meal for a reasonable price. We would definitely stay at the Franklin again! We navigated the city by day and found the Franklin to be a very welcome spot to return at night.	
Jun 29 2008 	Tiny rooms and bad service.	This hotel is tiny. We booked a superior queen and without knowing it were upgraded to a Deluxe King. Even that room was ridiculously small. Take a look at the pictures on their website. The photographer has done wonders making it look bigger than it feels. There is not enough room to leave your case open apart from on the bed. There is no choice but to unpack into the wardrobe. I wanted to use the supplied ironing board and could only do so in the bathroom. I have never stayed in a place so small even as a single in a bed and breakfast.The room was booked as a double but was only supplied for a single person. One set of towels, one glass, one robe, etc. We had to ask for a second set of towels etc. and only got exactly what we asked for 1 large, 1 small towel, no face cloth and none of the extra accoutrements.Breakfast was nice if you don't mind eating in a hallway. They had fresh fruit, pastries and cereals, though I was told they ran out soon after we left for the day, the food was good.There was a mess up on the second day and the room wasn't cleaned. I guess a prankster turned over the please tidy my room sign. Did we get an apology? NO. Nothing, a single set of towels when we asked for clean. The others were still wet on the unmade bed.The next day I expected an apologetic clerk, an offer of discount off our next stay or a voucher for lunch at a local restaurant. I've stayed at a lot of hotels that try to look after the clientele, most offer something when a mistake has been made. This place, nothing.I will not be going back and I don't advise you to.	
May 26 2008	Great place with a couple reservations	After seeing reviews here, we booked for 5 nights. We've stayed in Greenwich, Midtown, now wanted a different feel. Loved the location--1 block to subway--and the boutique-ness of the hotel. We booked petite queen but certain we got a king--fabulous! Bath very nicely appointed as is the entire hotel. Our room faced the street--pros and cons of nice light and street view along with garbage noise @ 7:30 a.m. What I loved was the continental breakfast and the evening wine and cheese. BUT they ran out of most items nearly every day for both events--well before the ending times. That definitely could use much more attention. The staff would respond by looking for croissants or crackers only to say they were out. Overall, the staff was friendly and attentive with one reservation. We arrived in NYC late and asked for nearby dinner rec, the doorman walked us to Bella Cucina across the street--definitely the worst meal we would have the entire stay.	
May 16 2008	I'm mixed. Lovely in many ways. For the right people a good choice.	We were looking for a hotel that had a cool atmosphere and was reasonably priced and was on the upper East Side. The Franklin seemed to fit all the criteria. Their website wasn't working when I booked, so I called. I specifically asked the man I spoke with if they had valet parking and he said yes, even quoted a price for it! I knew the rooms were small so ordered the King Deluxe, and went down with my daughter for a 3-day stay.When we got there, a very friendly doorman said, &quot;no, no valet.&quot; But pointed me across the street to self-park. Okay, weird mix-up. I hoped for the best. Inside, a pleasant-enough desk clerk checked us in. The hotel was built around 1920, I believe, and has a lot of charm. There are two small but nicely laid-out public rooms--a front parlor and a rear area with tables and chairs. (More later).The EXTREMELY friendly doorman brought us up to our room in the old-fashioned elevator. Elevator door opened to claustrophobia-inducing, narrow, low-ceilinged corridors. &quot;You have the largest room in the house,&quot; he said. That made me happy but when he opened the door to our room, I almost laughed. I've stayed in tiny rooms in NY before, but this one took the prize. HOWEVER, it was spotlessly clean. The linens on the King bed were pristine and gorgeous. The bathroom was teensy, but again, clean. Nice amenities. No fridge. Bright (we faced the street). Couldn't open the closet door fully because it hit the bed.Morning was best at this hotel. The complimentary continental breakfast they serve is really wonderful. First of all, they have a great machine that makes quite good espressos and cappucinos and such. For a spread, they had prosciutto, good french bread slices, good jam. Sliced fruit. Mini croissants that were flaky and fresh, not hard out of some bag. Pleasant tables to sit at, either in the rear room or the front parlor. Good selection of newspapers. They did a stand-up job in this department. (I believe they also serve wines and cheese at cocktail hour).I think if this hotel had been in a more central area, or closer to the park, or if there hadn't been two of us in the room, we would have been fine with it, but we realized we felt too claustrophobic and stuck in left field after all. We ended up leaving a day early and going to the Ritz on Central Park South for our last night.	
May 9 2008 	Great Small Hotel	My husband, I, and another couple just spent 5 nights at the Franklin. We had a Petit Queen, while the other couple stayed in a King. The Petit Queen is not for large guests: ours was small with a tiny bathroom, a very small box-like cloth hanger (suitcases will crowd the floor), and a wash basin in the room rather than in the bathroom. We had small carry-ons and the room size was just fine for us. The King had very adequate space, and a much larger bathroom. The rooms were spotless, wonderfully appointed, with great beds, linens, towels, and bath products. Great flat panel TV (which we never used ... being in NYC!), and cool phone and i-home alarm. The hotel is located on a quiet street, very convenient to public transportation. Service was excellent. Breakfast was very nice, consisting of a variety of breads and sweets, cheese and excellent prosciutto. The espresso/cappuccino machine, as noted by other guests, is a hit. Late afternoons, they serve artisanal cheeses and wine, a great touch and actually very useful when walking all over town during the day and wanting to relax for a couple of hours before going out in the evenings. The hotel has a nice sitting/reading room, the rooms have fine bath robes and slippers for people who want some relaxation. If I were to go to NYC for a work trip, this would be a top place to consider, mostly because it has a very nice and relaxing environment. As a tourist who wants to make the most of NYC, it is almost a pity not to take advantage of these perks and spend a couple of hours a days just hanging around this charming hotel. This has been one of the best hotel experiences we have had so far.	
Apr 13 2008 	What a charming boutique hotel off the beaten path	Although I tried for countless hours to find something reasonable in Times Square, I'm so glad I didn't, and ran across this gem! It is in the Upper East side, right off the subway line, and it was so refreshing to get out of the hustle and bustle of Times Square each night after a full day of &quot;fighting crowds&quot;. The streets around the hotel seemed very authentic, and we ate 2 dinners just around the block at a local pizza place and Chinese restaurant. No tourists, no lines. The staff was so friendly, and the room was immaculate. An older hotel (built in the 30's) with an old-timey elevator, but with beautiful attention to detail and very modernized. Absolutely loved it, and can't wait to visit again.	
Apr 10 2008	Extremely impressed with The Franklin	I cannot speak highly enough about our stay. The staff was so friendly and accommodating that I felt guilty if I beat them to the elevator door and opened it myself, which didn't happen often!The continental breakfast each morning was great and saved us spending the extra money at a corner Starbucks or deli before starting our day. And with breakfast hours until 10 a.m., we didn't have to get up at the break of dawn in order to enjoy it.The wine and cheese reception was a terrific amenity. After full days of walking the streets and sightseeing, we came to look forward to the reception as a way to recharge before we regrouped for nights on the town.The room was small - I would suspect that's the norm in Manhattan - but the amenities, by far, made up for that. The flat-panel TV made the most of the room's limited size. A huge TV for the room and great if you're taking a few minutes to rest your feet in bed. The plush bed, the fancy soaps and shampoos, and a spacious shower made up for any lack of space to put a suitcase. And, as a journalist, I loved getting the New York Times delivered to my room each morning and having the Wall Street Journal at breakfast.The location was prime. The 6-line on the subway is around the corner and carried us nearly everywhere we needed to go. It travels from the northernmost part of Manhattan to the Brooklyn Bridge in the south, and is one train away from going all the way to Battery Park (Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island Ferry). I loved our proximity to Central Park and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and it was fun being in a part of town where millionaires are as abundant as taxi cabs.When I booked our trip, I was considering our lodging more or less a place to catch some ZZZs before heading out again. It became much more than that and made our trip considerably more enjoyable.I've stayed nowhere else in NYC to compare, but without question I'd stay here again.	
Jan 2 2008 	If you don't mind small the Franklin is Fab	If you are even slightly concerned about how small the rooms might be at the Franklin, I suggest you look elsewhere because they are SMALL! But...if that doesn't bother you, everything else about the Franklin is a delight.The staff is outstanding and even though we only stayed for 2 nights, we felt that they knew us, welcoming us when we came in at night and wishing us a good day when we left in the mornings. Check-in and check-out were quick and easy. What the hotel lacks in size, it makes up for in every other department...complimentary wine and cheese in the early evening, complimentary breakfast, complimentary internet use, complimentary cappuccino/espresso any time of day, Bulgari shampoo, friendly and helpful staff, beautiful linen, and the most comfortable beds ever!I would recommend booking through Quikbook. I found our room for $319 for Dec. 28 and 29.The location is a bit far away from the action but the subway is a 2 minute walk away at 86th and Lexington. However, it is a fairly short walk to 5th Avenue and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.	
Dec 13 2007 	A charming quaint clean and well staffed B	My wife and I just returned from our stay at The Franklin Hoteland found the hotel to be charming, quaint, clean andstaffed by friendly and helpful employees. Many others we meton our visit have come back to The Franklin Hotels year after year,and we plan to make our stay there an annual event as well.Our less than $600 5th floor room (#51) was across from the elevator and had windows which faced 87th Street. There was an ample closet, 2 bedside tables and a small desk. It was very clean. Regarding size, the bathroom and room were quite comfortable by New York standards. We did not find our location to be noisy.I would equate this towards a B &amp; B experience verses hotel.The proximity to Madison and 5th Avenue, Central Park and The Metropolitan is fabulous. We lived in New York for years, and it honestly felt like we were home again.If you want a large, quiet and sterile room in New York City I'm sure that they are available at this price. However, I believe this is an under-rated hotel that serves a bed-and-breakfast experienceat a fabulous price. Give it a try. It is romantic.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Little Spot!	My 16 year old daughter and I just got back from a wonderful trip to New York with her two girlfriends and their Moms. We stayed at the Franklin Hotel in the Upper East Side. We loved this hotel, the small, intimate rooms, the wonderful, helpful staff, the safe, quiet location. The breakfast and the 5:00 wine and cheese were perfect. Shaka, our bell boy, arranged a car for the six of us for our trip back to the airport and surprised us with a black limo.The rooms are small and you should request one that has been remodeled, say on the 9th floor. But the beds are very comfortable and our air conditioning worked well. We will definitely be staying there again.	
Aug 12 2007 	A great place to stay	From the minute we arrived at the door, we were warmly welcomed and treated extremely well. The staff is very friendly and helpful without exception.The rooms are on the small side, however this is Manhattan and this is an older building. The rooms are tastefully decorated, extremely clean and have everything you need to make your stay a pleasant one. I should also add that the air conditioner kept the room nice and cool on those humid summer nights.The location is great, it's a 2 minute walk to the 86 subway on the green line. There are many cafes and restaurants on 3rd, a Starbucks right on the corner of 87/Lex as well. There is also a grocery store and pharmacy just north on Lex.The continental breakfast is a nice touch and is especially great if you have to depart early in the morning.This is the first time in New York when we've stayed uptown. We eagerly await our next stay at the Franklin.	
Jun 18 2007	Great Little Hotel	Stayed in the Franklin for a glorious week. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpfull. The rooms were small but very comfortable and to be honest you are only in the room to sleep after a hard days exploring in the Big Apple. It is located in a good area with central park just a 10 minute walk away. The wine and cheese between 5pm and 630pm is a great way to meet other guests. I would recommend this hotel to anyone it is a lovley little hotel and I would definatley go back.	
Jun 7 2007 	Nice good for central park... and hobbits!	My wife had been to New York a few years back and so decided that our first married holiday (post honeymoon of course) should be there. We looked at hotels for hours and eventually I settled on the Travel Inn or Chelsea, so naturally we ended up at The Franklin as she thought it looked 'cute'.On arrival it looked pretty much as I expected having read many reviews about the place. We were greeted by very friendly staff who took our bags so fast I thought I was being mugged. On getting to our room, the door swung open and to our surprise we found ourselves in a room that seemed to have been designed for Hobbits. I'm sure JR Tolkien would have been impressed, but I was less so. Even less impressive was the view of a wall about 3 ft away from our window. Nevertheless we maintained our Great British fortitude and refused to let this put a dampner on proceedings, and to be honest I was glad we did...though seeing the bathroom did test this to the limits. I want to get to the good bits so let's just leave my description of that as small and move on.So, as I was saying, I was glad we did... The bed was great, in fact the small room meant I could see the TV at night perfectly from my bed, which meant my wife could get some sleep without me moaning. The hotel was peaceful as it was away from the main hustle and bustle of the more 'popular' places. Our daily bagel breakfast was a delight courtesy of the very local bagel shops (though I think they're on just about any corner). We didn't try the food there, mainly due to reading reviews on this site and being scared that if I touched anything we would be charged for it. The 'mini bar' is rubbish and extortionate, so no change from most hotels there then.This distance was not always good however for getting to lower manhatten. The first day we walked through central park, this was about a 5minute walk to reach, then to make our way down the park was a good 20 minutes further. From there we managed to get to what I would consider the main touristy bits. This was a fair walk and was soon to become a painful one for me. I would however say that it was a very nice walk and one which I would take again, but not necessarily what you want every day of your holiday. The tube back was often long and at the wrong times a bit of a nightmare, but soon this was going to be necessary for me.I say this as I injured my knee on the second day. When I say injured I mean couldn't walk on it injured. This was when the distance of the hotel really caused us problems. Now, I'm 28, but was hobbling around like I was three times that. This gave me an insight into what it would be like to be older, more aching person and stay at the hotel. I would say don't do it, it's a painful experience. Another point we got from this is if you want to spend most of your time visiting Chinatown, Greenwich, Times Square, Broadway and all the other lower manhatten areas, be prepared to have at least 1-2 hours taken out of each day on the tube if you stay here. Showing the British grit that has taken me this far I refused to let this stop our holiday explorations... and showing the British tight fistedness that has afforded our recent holidays I refused to be robbed by those cab prices. Therefore, I hopped everywhere. Oh yes, I hopped to the tube station, into the tube (up and down stairs I might add) and wherever we went for two days, until I got a knee support and could put light pressure on it.Still, for the price you can't complain. As a rule of thumb for future visits we take, we will not be staying in any hotel that is higher than about 65th, this is easy walking distance to most of the main attractions, including central park and there seems to be some fantastic hotels around there.If I were to some up The Franklin in as descriptive a way as I can muster I would say it was nice, not really any more to say on it. We wouldn't go there again, but we don't go to many hotels more than once... people who don't try different hotels all the time really need to explore a bit more!	
Apr 30 2007 	Fab @ The Franklin	Well, like everyone else, we did find the hotel and room a bit on the small side, but we weren't in NY to look at the four walls of our hotel room! The service from the staff was excellent - all very helpful, accomodating and courteous. This was our first time in the city but the staff helped out with directions and the subway, booking cars, restaurant advice and shoppping. The free breakfast, albeit only continental, was much appreciated before going off on tours around the city and the free cheese and wine in the evening a real bonus! The hotel is not in the heart of the action but there are some decent restaurants nearby and getting to Times Square was 2 tubes and about 4 stops in total on the Subway. Would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Apr 13 2007 	Great Concept Utterly Lacking Execution	the franklin is a peculiar hotel. i travel to new york very very often and thought id give it a try after i walked past it one evening. its located on the upper east side in a great area, but not near really any tourist locations with the exception of central park. there is a train station there that is very convenient. the main and only entrance is nothing to write home about. it is in the middle of a long expanse flanked by a parking garage and a lifeless wall. the sign is old school and neon- and it makes you think that you might've stumbled onto something so hidden and so great in the middle of a deadland, however...the actual hotel ended up being a letdown. the lobby is small yet beautifully decorated in a classic way. doormen were great carrying our bags up the steps into the hotel. the elevator is an old-school otis with a swinging opening door that was fun to ride the first time.we got two rooms while were there and they were the most curious things ive ever seen. the franklin is not a cheap stay at all, yet the rooms are abolustely tiny- just about enough space to walk around the perimeter of a queen sized bed. there is no refirgerator. there is no closet. the bathroom is absolteyl miniscule. sure there was a nice flat screen, a comfortable bed, and great clean crisp linens, but im not sure that offset the size of the rooms and the fact that modern amenties failed to exist. further, i was staying at the franklin in the middle of a hot summer, but the window air conditioner in my room, while on the lowest setting, absolutely froze me to death. without it, i seemed to bake. my rooms also had no views whatsoever.the staff was helpful, yes. the complimentary breakfast buffet was actually quite nice too, however- i left feeling unsatisfied with the amount i paid per night (around 320) and the ensuing experience.what it boils down to, i think, is this. the franklin is a great concept. it is a small intimate, beautifully ornate, antiquey hotel in the midst of a quite area. great staff too. however, the hotel lacks greatly in execution. loved the idea, but was glad i only stayed there for one night becuase it really lack the conveniences of modern technology- conveniences id expect for the price paid. tks.	
Mar 29 2007 	Homely feel - Trip Advisor Member London	Booked a Classic Room on a special deal through Travelzoo for 4 nights in March on our first trip to NYC for my partner's birthday. Having seen previous reviews, was content to have a small room. Went for the quiet neighbourhood, easy &amp; fast access into the city with the subway and the European feel to the hotel (after all...we were going to NYC and were not intending to spend much time in the hotel!) From the moment we arrived all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We surprisingly discovered that we had been upgraded to a Deluxe Queen bedded room and therefore cannot comment on the smaller rooms. The hotel had a lovely homely 'feel' from the breakfasts, the 24 hr access to coffee &amp; tea facilities and free internet access. The cheese &amp; wine laid out each evening was a nice touch and encouraged guests to relax and get to know each other. Although we did not intend to spend much time in the hotel, we found that we looked forward to returning back to the serenity and hospitality of the hotel each evening. The neighbourhood felt very safe and the staff recommended excellent bars and restaurants in the locality. If we ever return to NYC I will certainlly book the Franklin Hotel.	
Feb 14 2007 	Great staff small rooms loud elevator	Upper East Side location away from the action. But as this was a business trip suited me just fine. My room however was a nightmare...do not get the room next to the elevator, you might as well be next to the subway. The hotel is definately not sound proofed as well as it should be from the interior. I had my room changed after the first night without any qualms, I also asked for a larger room. I was surprised to hear that I had one of the largest. The bath was unbelievably minute, I had to stand sideways to wash my hands and use the mirror, and I am of average size. However, after my move to the new room my claustrophobia and insomnia subsided, and the bath was typical. The beds are amazingly comfortable and the well above average linens are great too. Also, both rooms were impeccably clean. Breakfast is pointless. But the staff is overly friendly and professional. Just stay away from the room next to the elevator. And for pure tourist action, stay somewhere else.	
Jan 11 2007	The Only Regret of my life	My husband and I just returned from our Christmas trip from New York and unfortunately, choosen to stay at that &quot; attempt of a Boutique &quot; hotel.1. Location is absolutely terrible.2. View is the same if not even worst.3. Area is not quiet. 4. Rooms are clean but bed is extremely unconfortably soft.5. Hotel building as suposed, old, but it is just horrificly distribuited and designed. 6. Only one elevator (antique, so it was very nice) but you had to go to the basement all the time in the mornings and to all the floors where the housekeepers were working so they definetely need a service elevator.7. Staff was completely unpolite and they charge for EVERYTHING....8. BREAKFAST is absolutely horrible...we ve decided to go out to eat as the bread was from who knows when, ham completely dry.8. Over 300 us per nigth didn t worth at all, I would rather go for sure to a Waldorf or an Affinia and not experiment with qiut little hotels whith no value.	
Jan 8 2007 	Lovely and Romantic	The location of The Franklin is excellent for access to the museums and Central Park. We chose this little hotel after reading reviews left by others on Trip Advisor and we weren't disappointed. The hotel and rooms are small but nicely decorated, very clean, and well-planned. Every inch was carefuly used. We had a great view from the end room on the top floor. The full bed and linens were very comfortable. Breakfast was delicious with cappucino, petite pastries, yogurt , and cereals. Every member of the staff couldn't have been more helpful and cheerful. There are many nice little restaurants all around the hotel. We ate Chinese at Lilly's, also great. The Franklin is a great choice for a romatic NY weekend for an affordable price.	
May 22 2006 	I loved this hotel!	I travel to NYC a great deal for work and The Franklin is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in NYC. The hotel staff is the friendliest I've ever encountered, and the location is convenient. The room I stayed in was small but I was fine since the bed was comfy, the linens were high-quality and the flat-screen t.v. was top-notch. The wine and cheese for guests each night is great after a long day of work and the quality of the wine and cheese is fabulous. The continental breakfast has sophisticated food and is very fresh. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2006	The Franklin is a cozy gem!	I had a great stay at The Franklin. If you are accustomed to big, impersonal hotels and do not appreciate or need charm, you should stay at a chain hotel. I have lived in and traveled extensively in Europe and this is like the small, charming hotels you will find there. I usually stay with friends in New York but needed a place for one night and couldn't have been more pleased. The Franklin is a lovely hotel, with very pretty common areas furnished in antiques and floral prints. It is a calm place that is convenient to everything while located on a quiet block. The staff was exceptional--friendly, helpful, respectful and extremely polite--wonderful service. And yes, it is a small--from the lobby to the breaskfast room to the guest rooms. But I found the &quot;Classic&quot; room perfect for me. I had a very quiet room with a wonderful bed covered in beautiful linens. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated and although there is no closet, there is room to hang clothes. Two people might find that size room crowded, but it is perfect for one person and if you are more interested in exploring the city than staying in your hotel room, it would be fine for two. The breakfast room is small but really charming and a peaceful place to enjoy a very nice continental breakfast. If you want a big, hotel buffet breakfast, you should stay elsewhere. I was more than content with the delicious, fresh pastry, fresh fruit and juices, very nice cheeses, granola, etc. and enjoyed reading the paper in this quiet environment. I plan to make The Franklin &quot;my&quot; New York hotel because I felt so comfortable there.	
Feb 12 2006	fits the bill	I stayed at the Franklin for one night--cancelled the second night in order to get out of town before the blizzard.Location is the key--I walked everywhere. Lots of choices for neighborhood restaurants and real-life shopping. Close to museums, subway, faster cab ride to LaGuardia. Much calmer than midtown. Believe it or not, my room was available when I arrived at 9:30 am! Tiny, yes. Loved the Aveda products; bathroom needs better lighting above the sink. People in the small breakfast/cocktails room complained about being crowded, but I took my wine or coffee to the adjacent sitting room. Free newspapers, Internet, wine and cheese, breakfast.Pleasant staff.	
Dec 27 2005 	Skip the Franklin	For $300 a night I was given a &quot;Classic&quot; room that was so small I literally couldn't turn around. There was no closet and no where to even hang up a suit. The only place to put your suitcase in on the floor in front of the door. The bathroom sink is in the middle of the room and the TV is literally in the medicine chest.What an utter disappointment. Before staying I read positive reviews of this place, but in my opinion no one could pay $300 to stay in Room 75 at The Franklin and have anything positive to say about it. It's places like this that give New York City hotels a reputation for overpricing and underdelivering. Stay away.	
Oct 19 2005	Second Wonderful Visit	For the money, you can't beat the Franklin! The staff is excellent and helpful and the location is perfect for shopping, the subway, Central Park and the museums. The rooms are small but very clean and well maintained. A nice plus is the complimentary breakfast and the afternoon wine/cheese bar. The only caution I would have is rooms near the elevator, it can be noisy. Other than that, no complaints and we will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 16 2005 	Cute and Cozy	This is a cute, neighborhood hotel. Nothing fancy, but very shabby/chic. I really needed to stay in midtown, but due to hotels being sold out or asking an ungodly amount of money, I opted to stay at the Franklin. It is way up on the upper east side, in a cute neighborhood...Starbucks is across the street, as well as several delis, restaurants and drugstores. The lobby is really small and they have a cool, old fashioned elevator. My room was very small, but cozy..reminded me of home. I had a tiny little bathroom, but a really large queen bed that was really comfortable. The fixtures in the room are cute and make you feel very much at home. They have a small flatscreen TV on the wall..which makes watching TV in bed very comfortable. The shower was small but worked just great.The only thing that I would say that makes this hotel hard, is that the AC is really loud and I was on a long business trip and had a large suitcase..and there was no where to put it except on the floor next to my bed, and there is no closet. Everyone that works here is really, really nice..and I definately would return to this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2005	Tiny diamond	So, let's get this out of the way: all spaces are tiny. No closets. Stepping on people in the breakfast area. But this is New York.Apart from that...this is a wonderful boutique hotel. Great neighborhood, steps away from Central Park, museums, subway. Quick transfer to La Guardia. You cannot help but admire how smart and tastefully the small space was decorated and updated. Great beds. Very nice free continental breakfast (Starbucks across the street if needed). Free computer with internet access. Friendly staff.Not expensive. We found this hotel in a package deal at travelocity.	
Jul 4 2005	Loacation location location	My recent stay at the Franklin Hotel was a convenient and memorable experience. The hotel is in upper East side of Manhattan and just a block away fron the train station.It is also a few blocks away from central park and other museums. At first the price seemed a little hight, but when I compaired it with other upper east side hotels, I fond it very reasonable. The staff, cleanliness of the room and the breakfast were excellent. My friend and I loved it and will stay again.	
Mar 25 2005	Kind of quaint	This place has charming rooms - they have chandeliers and are completely white. Very pretty! The rooms are, as everyone has mentioned, very small. Also, there is only extremely high end shopping around. You'll have to go further downtown if you can't afford to shop at Pucci and Gucci. The service people are lovely and helpful. The breakfast they tout is NOT free - it's added a service charge of $12.95 to your bill, whether you eat it or not. The breakfast is just breads and NOTHING hot. This place is overpriced and nice - but nothing fabulous. DO NOT STAY ON THE 1st FLOOR! It's so loud I had to sleep with the fan on to drown out the gabbing of the front desk folks.	
Jan 31 2005	We had a great time	The rooms are a little tight but otherwise my wife and I had a great stay.  The employees were very friendly and polite. The place was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Thanks for the great time in New York you made us feel right at home.  	
Jan 29 2005 	ok if your small	I am 5'8&quot; and 140lbs and was traveling on my own. If you are bigger than that, or a couple, forget it - you'll get claustrophobia. Every part of the hotel seems designed for little people. In my room the bed and the desk took up most of the space. Thank goodness for the wall-mounted plasma tv, or there would have been no free floor space at all. There is almost no hanging space or anywhere to store suitcases.Still, I got on alright. The bed was really comfortable, the staff helpful and I was out all day. There are good restaurants close by, although beware - you'll want to stay slim for these rooms.	
Jan 11 2005	There should be a 'No Star' option just for the Franklin	We visited NY to get married and chose to stay at the Franklin in Oct 04....getting married was the best thing to happen to me but sadly the Franklin wasn't. FAR FROM IT!I know NY rooms are small but the Franklins regular rooms do not even give you enough space to hang up more than 3 items. The bath is unusable for anyone above average height....the sink is in the bedroom and the TV is the smallest I have seen and is hidden in a cupboard.We were due to get married in 3 days time and could not bear to think we were going to be entombed in this coffin of a room so we asked to be moved. We then encountered the most surly receptionist in NY who was most put out to have to find us another room that actually had a wardrobe and a usable bath.Finally he did and this 'luxury' cost us dearly and he insisted there was no negotiation and speaking to the manager would be futile.We had no alternative to agree to the charge and settled in to enjoy our stay and look forward to our wedding at Shakespeares Garden in Central Park.That went perfectly as did the meal afterwards at Cafe Botanica in the Essex House Hotel.On departure the manager was on duty and we voiced our complaints about both the room and the surly receptionist. He understood our complaints immediately, apologised profusely and did not hesitate to reduce the cost of the upgrade.....the surly receptionist either needs re-training or to get a job that does not involve dealing with people!We did enjoy the Upper East Side area and would stay again in this part of NY but NEVER AGAIN at The Franklin.	
Dec 19 2004	Never again	My husband and I just returned from NYC. We originally planned on staying there 2 nights, but after one night, we made a b-line to check out. The staff was exceedingly kind, but the rooms - at least the 3 that we encountered - were far below standard for what you would expect at $265 per night. Perhaps at $100 you would make due. Maybe.Upon check-in they brought us to a room that was not cleaned, so they hastily found another room for us. The superior room booked was okay, not lavish, but accommodating with a queen size bed and a plasma television set (no curtains/drapes, just shades/blinds). We then tried to sleep and found it entirely impossible as after investigating, the window air conditioning unit had a large gap which allowed cold air and loud sounds to travel into the 9th floor room. Addtionally the elevator lift was regularly thumping whenever it was being used, and the steam heater on the floor base would sizzle/pop loudly every 10 minutes or so. OK. We stuffed a towel in the gap. No relief. So we got re-dressed and called to ask for another room. They put us into a room facing the back of the building - only this room was had shrunk to approximately one-half the size of the superior room! A 10 X 12 room which had no closet, a sink in the room, a WC/tub the size of a closet, a full size bed, a window with no curtain or blind to eliminate morning light, and a tiny, tiny television encased behind the mirror over the sink that did not work. Beware, as this is the 'Classic Room'. All in all it was a very unpleasant stay, which surprised us considerably as many on Trip Advisor had indicated otherwise.My husband always rolls with the punches, but this was so against the grain of what is 'acceptable' that even he was aghast. We would never consider staying there again.	
Oct 6 2004	Four star upper-east side hotel two star price	When our usual NYC hotels, the Metro and Southgate, were full, we booked a room at the Franklin. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised! The Franklin charges 2 star prices for a 4 star experience. From down comforters to a delicious continental breakfast to courteous and helpful staff, every aspect of our stay at the Franklin was an overwhelmingly positive experience. The hotel is well situated, less than a block from the 4-5-6 subway line, and just a six block walk to the Met and Central Park. I usually don't sleep well on trips, but at the Franklin, I slept like a baby! I would highly recommend this hotel, both for a romantic weekend getaway, and for business travelers. One note: the &quot;classic&quot; room is pretty small, even by NYC standards--if small rooms bother you, spring for the &quot;superior.&quot;	
Aug 26 2004	Average	Warned by the reviews on this site about the tiny rooms I reserved a single superior room which was just okay sizewise. The bathroom was tiny and very basic but the room had a big wardrobe and my bed was very comfortable. If you like staying at the Upper East Side like I do, you will appreciate the location. I also found the stuff very friendly and helpful. The hotel looks and sounds more fancy on the Internet site then it does in reality . I think, a three stars-rating is more appropriate then 4-stars. There is a little breakefast room with three tables --you get pastries, orange juice ,bananas and coffee, plastic dishes and cutlery. I appreciated the free Internet access. So alltogether an okay hotel but for 192$ per night I expected more luxury.	
Aug 22 2004	Love this place	Excellent! A great value on the Upper East side.Parking is available right next door.Friendly, courteous staff; I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 10 2004	No notice of renovations	The Franklin is in a great location - upper East Side, and has a very friendly staff, but I had no way of knowing that they were undergoing extensive renovations during my stay, which made it a little hard to get to my room.Considering this inconvenience, the price was not that much of a bargain - buut, I am sure that once renovations are completed, the prices will shoot right up!I would still recommend the Franklin, though, if you can get a room for $200 or under.	
Jun 1 2004	So Romantic...		
May 10 2004	Good Hotel		
Apr 24 2004	Functional		
Feb 4 2004	Small but acceptable!!		
Nov 29 2003	Lovely little Hotel		
Nov 23 2003 	disappointment charm but no service		
Jun 9 2003	The Franklin is perfect		
Mar 17 2003	We loved it but tiny rooms		
Feb 21 2003	Excellent little hotel with brilliant staff		
Jan 7 2003	Very Romantic and Friendly Staff		
Jan 10 2009 	???????????		
Jun 8 2008 	Franklin Hotel: ottima posizione		
