Nov 18 2009 	Very Happy Experience	I stayed in Enjoy Suites for 4 nights in a 2 bedroom apartment. We were delighted when we opened the door to see how big the apartment was. We were on the corner of the building too which was great as we had glass going right the way round the living area. Housekeeping knocked in every morning we were there to clean and supply fresh towels which i didn't expect every day but was great. Location wise the apartments were excellent. We walked almost everywhere. You are pretty much in the middle of things with the empire state only a few blocks away. Also when we arrived it was dark. We had heard there was a roof garden so we had to take a look. Its on the 24 floor i think. Wow, what a view.... pretty cool to have a great view of the New York sky line from the building you are staying in. Would much prefer the apartment we had in envoy suites to a hotel as have now done both. The only negative point I would have is one of us was sleeping on the pull out sofa bed and was the most uncomfortable sofa bed I've ever lay on. But in the bigger picture of things this didn't take too much from everything. Who needs sleep in New York anyway!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Huge Room in Manhattan	Usually a 3 star hotel in Manhattan means you'll have just enough room to get your bags in and maybe walk down one side of the bed to get in it. The Envoy on the other hand has huge suites. It felt like a 3 room apartment with a living room and a kitchen. It didn't feel old or run down either. Nice place, I would go there again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 14 2009 	If you have a patient in NYU or great place to stay	My Mom had surgery at NYU and I wanted to be close. I was surprised what a wonderful suite i had. If you mention that you are the family of a patient there is a discount code you get to book your room. If I were in NYC for a visit the Envoy Club is a great, safe, quiet place to stay near many attractions. For the family of a patient is was G-d sent!	
Nov 11 2009 	Go somewhere else!	No internet service that works in the rooms. When I asked the concierge, who is very hard to get a hold of (let phone ring for 20 minutes once) instructed me to get hold of the internet service provider myself. The maids will wake you up every single day regardless of a do not disturb sign with a knock a doorbell ring to let you know that they are around to clean your room and if you don't let them clean it they won't be back to clean it later. The carpets are dirty as well as the wallpaper with stains and this is throughout the interior of building. There is only one concierge around during the day and at night you can leave a message on an answering machine that does not work which is not helpful to say the least. All of the lights in the room are energy saving so it's very dim lighting. For 200 bucks a night this is absolute robbery! Television has 20 channels.	
Oct 8 2009	Spacious bedroooms for NYC great kitchen	These are unrented apartments so they are much more spacious than a hotel room. We were traveling with children and adult friends so it was great to have so much room. We were on a budget so we were happy to find the kitchen fully equipped. I couldn't get over the size of our master suite. Although the carpets were worn and the wallpaper drab everything was clean. I hope we can book the Envoy Club for our next NYC trip.	
Sep 14 2009 	Terrific furnished apartments in the heart of Murray Hill	My wife &amp; I stayed 4 nights in total comfort. Rooftop deck (22 stories up) is amazing with views from East River to the Manhattan skyline. Large one bedroom suites (or 2 bedroom also) with 2 TV's &amp; all the comforts of home. We will surely become regular visitors.	
Sep 9 2009 	Well.......stay only if you can't find anything else	Stayed for 3 night with our two small children. Had originally booked at the Affinia in a suite but when we changed out dates they didn't have anything available and in the same price range, for a suite, this was the only other place in the same price range. A suite was important to us so the kids had a seperate sleeping area.Location is good. Having a kitchen was a nice feature but we never ended up using it. Sofabed was horrible but fine for a 7 year old. Anyone older/heavier wouldn't be able to sleep comfortably as mattress springs poked through. We also had a rollaway and there was no space left. Bed in bedroom was comfortable but room and bed were tight.Bathroom was adequate but anything screwed into the wall was falling out - toilet paper holder, shower soap tray, towel rack, etc.However the room was dirty!!! Carpets and splatters allover the walls and even the air conditioner. Nothing that couldn't be cleaned off with a SOS pad and some Mr. Clean!!! No excuse if you ask me. Complained to the front desk and they couldn't have cared less. Asked to move rooms but they said they were fully booked. Also the safe is a big joke. Yes there is a safe and yes you can lock your things away. However it isn't attached to anything and ways around 10 pounds and can be easily picked up, tucked under your arm and taken away!!!!Wouldn't stay here again and wouldnt recommend to anyone else unless you really need a suite/apartment and there is nothing else availabe. Maybe we simply got what we paid for????Remember this is NOT a hotel. It is an apartment building. No services and no restaurants, etc.	
Aug 17 2009 	This was the most disgustingly dirty place I have ever seen!	DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE WE MADE, FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO STAY!!!!!This place was disgusting. The carpets were filthy, there was holes in the walls and missing baseboards. The carpet was a different color close to the baseboards because it was so full of dirt and hair and debris. I took a swipe of the carpet about a foot long along the baseboard with a piece of toilet paper and came up with a quarter sized ball of gross filth. I took this down to the receptionist who was not at all helpful. They had nowhere to move us and said there was nothing they could do. There is never anyone around to help. No managers on site and the phone numbers you are given are conveniently never answered and no calls are ever returned. To top it off when we pulled the pull out sofa out to put our son to bed a dirty used band aid fell out and the sheets were all crumpled and had not been changed. We left in the morning and asked for a refund. We were charged for the full stay on our credit card and not issued any refund. There is a 48 hour cancellation policy and they did not even refund our night passed the 48 hour limit. I never did speak to a manager as they will not come to the phone. The worst hotel experience of our life!	
Aug 11 2009 	If you prefer a quite place to stay...this is it!	Stayed in 1 BR on the fourth floor which was newly refurbished and spacious. Very comfortable queen bed; teens (17 and 19) didn't complain about queen sleeper sofa. No traffic noises; quiet building; no loud parties, folks walking in the corridors at night. Great bathroom. Really no complaints. Didn't utilize kitchen; not enough glasses/plates, etc. but we just washed them by hand after each use. I loved going to the rooftop deck at night: the city views are awesome. M34 crosstown bus very convient; subway at 33rd and Park -- a short walk.Concierge staff were friendly and helpful, though not always at the desk. We were able to leave our luggage in the mailroom until check-in. We requested additional towels and pillows (the unit was stocked for 2 people, not four) which were provided a few hours later. Remember-- this is not a hotel and the service, though excellent, may take a bit longer. Fred promised to deliver towels and pillows before his shift ended and we returned after dinner to find the items in our unit, as promised.I will return again and recommend this place without reservation!	
Aug 8 2009 	Highly dissapointed	We stayed 3 days and nights.The place has been once decorated but now has very dirty carpets.We arrived and found bread pieces between the linens, TV didnt work and remote control had no batteries or cover.Nobody answered to these complains in three days.Would never go back, left my complaint in their answering machine while I was there and never worried to answer me.	
Aug 5 2009 	Descent hotel terrible attention to detail.	I'm here for 3 weeks. The wireless connection worked for one week even after daily complaints and assurances it was working fine. Receptionist answers the telephone one out of 5 times...voice mail the rest of the time. NEVER a return phone call. Soap for bath was replaced once. It seems like they're really not interested in the 'hotel' side of this condo unit.Less than satisfying experience. Would definitely recommend to friends again. Unfortunately we have 3 couples joining us for the weekend...3 more units rented....but not again. Too bad. Great potential.	
Jul 16 2009 	Worse than awful	Do you consider a funtioning bathroom to be a basic amenity? If the answer is yes, do not even consider staying here.My mother was having open heart surgery at NYU Medical Center and my father wanted to be able to stay nearby and made a reservation at the Envoy Club. He asked repeatedly if there was a pull out sofa in the room in case another family member needed to stay as well. He was assured that there would be a sofa in the room.Well, no pull out sofa, no sofa at all. But most disturbing of all was the fact that the toilet stopped flushing and there was no one available to fix it! Ultimately, the staff of the private residences in the same building came to snake the toilet. I was told that there was no other room in the whole building that my father could have and that there was no way anyone could refund our money before morning if we were to leave.Oh, and did I mention that the phone in the room did not work properly either? And that the cot that was ultimately provided was no more than 65 inches long?All in all a disgusting way to treat any guest and that much worse that we were there to deal with a serious medical problem and all we needed were very basic services.Stay here at your own risk.	
Jul 6 2009 	More than we expected!	What a pleasant surprise! We had a one bedroom apartment (sleeper sofa was also available to us, but we didn't need it!). Wanted to travel this way because it gave us more room than a hotel room and at a lower cost. It was just nice to have a living room area with a small kitchen and dining area space. Made it nice to unwind at the end of the day and have a place to socialize with our NYC family. The nearest subway station was approx. 5 blocks and a closer one would have been nicer, but overall, if you don't mind a little walk, this is the way to travel in NYC. This arrangement would be PERFECT for a family that wants to stay in NYC with a smaller pricetag!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great place to stay in Manhattan!!!	For less than the price of a hotel room, you get a studio apartment with a fully equipped kitchen. The rooms are clean, comfortable and more like a home-away-from-home than an impersonal hotel room.	
Jun 9 2009 	Expect to be staying at an apartment	I think most of the disappointments noted by other travelers is that they may have expected a hotel. THE ENVOY CLUB IS NOT A HOTEL. It is much more like an apartment building with short term rentals and a few extra services to make your stay more enjoyable.We stayed at Envoy Club May 29-Jun 3 and absolutely loved it! We had a studio apartment and used the loveseat sofa bed for our daughter. (The bed was not that comfortable, but we were all dead tired each night.) The limited service provided clean towels each day and tidied up our kitchen for us. Our bed was also made. This service is optional, but we accepted it to get the clean towels.We loved the full kitchen, espeically for reheating wonderful restaurant meals which were just too much to eat at one sitting. Microwave popcorn was also handy. The bathroom was clean and well equipped with a great shower. Once we learned how to use the cross town M34 bus, the location was great. If you're only using the subway, the hike to the 6 is several blocks. The cross town bus is a breeze. High-speed internet (wi-fi) in the room worked perfectly.The rooftop deck is fantastic! Great views day and night. Didn't use the fitness room or the laundry. Great bagel shop around the corner and Rocky's on Second Ave for Pizza is excellent. I also enjoyed Ali Baba for Turkish food on 34th...a very short walk.	
Apr 7 2009 	Bad Choice	We had extended family in 4 rooms, all types. The rooms are very large and that is great but the carpets are so terrible that you feel like the entire place is dirty. The carpets are stained badly and in terrible need of cleaning or replacing. Most of us used our shoes or double socks to walk around. I would not stay there again which is a shame because it would take so little to make the place a real bargain.	
Apr 1 2009 	Service? What Service?	My boyfriend and I stayed at Envoy Club for 3 nights in March. I had called ahead 3 weeks prior to our arrival and requested early check-in... we got to the hotel at 915 am and there was no one at the front desk, the doorman said someone would be there ``soon`` (even though the hours posted stated that service personnel would be there at 9 am) a guy finally showed up around 930 and just looked at us and asked if we were checking out. I told him we were super early, but requested an early check - in and asked what time we could come back... he told us at around 2 our room would be ready (not 3 pm, the usual check in time) *not impressed* and then told us to leave our bags in the mail room... (anyone else find that a bit odd? leave all your belongings in an unlocked, unattended mail room?) So, we leave... have a wonderful day in the city... return to the hotel after 2 (maybe 210) ... room still not ready, come back at 230ish (so much for early check -in!!) When we actually got into our room, it was GORGEOUS! We had a studio and it was spacious, clean, and the bed was fantastic! Loved the kitchen and all the mirrors in the bathroom! Each day we went out, we requested the room be made up (having a full kitchen, garbage accumulated as we cooked all our meals in the room) Not once during our stay was the room made up. The final day, I called downstairs to the front desk and spoke to the guy who we dealt with on the first day... I asked why the room hadnt been made up at all and he told me housekeeping was still doing the rooms (this was 530 pm!!!) so I requested that SOMEONE come to our room to pick up the garbage and no one came... *VERY UNIMPRESSED* ...hence the title of my review.... SERVICE? WHAT SERVICE?	
Mar 27 2009 	Convenient Location- Good Price	I stayed at this extended stay location for a single night and was pleased with the accomodations and value. I had a large studio apartment witha full kitchen and decent work area. The property is an apartment building above floor 5, with &quot;hotel&quot; units on floors 2-5. There is a decent fitness center, a laundry facility, and even a small business center. Because of the nature of the property, the front desk is only staffed between 9:00 AM and 8:00 PM.	
Mar 22 2009 	AAA+	Great staff ,....Super rooms ...,Great location......Great value	
Mar 13 2009 	Spectacular vacations in NY	We stayed in a lovely one bedroom apartment for 10 days, from Dec 26th till Jan 5th, 2009. It is so well located that we could go walking everywhere: Empire State, United Nations building, 5th Avenue shops. Subway is 3 blocks from Savoy Club and several bus lines pass 1 block from it. We had a wonderful experience in NY. It was the 1st time for me and my two teenagers. We had some frozen days but it was a pleasure when we arrive &quot;home&quot;. It was so heated that some times we had to turn off one of the heaters. The bedroom was very comfortable, charm and large. We used the sofa bed for my boy (17 years old) in the living room and it was perfect. Sara Azulay, the person I was in contact to make the reservations was extremely nice and answered me all my questions and doubts. Staff in the building helped us a lot. Surely we will stay there in our next visit to NY. I really recommed Savoy Club!!	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent Experience	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Envoy Club's 2 bedroom suite during the last week of January, 2009. I was extremely satisfied with the Envoy Club. Fred helped us with check-in and was refreshingly courteous and helpful. The room was spectacular--not only clean but with nice furnishings and everything one could hope for for an extended stay: full refrigerator, microwave, stove, kitchen sink, etc etc.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again on my next trip to New York.	
Feb 23 2009 	Would definitely recommend.	We only needed one night and didn't want to spend a lot of money. My husband found this two bedroom apartment for $199. It fit our needs just right. The only downside to the room we had - 410 - was the cigarette smoke that seeped in from the other apartment. The master bedroom, bathroom, and closet reeked of it. So we were fortunate that there was another bedroom that was not affected by it. We were able to walk up to City Center for our show and walk to dinner too. Very convenient.	
Jan 28 2009 	This Place Is A Jewel!	My stay on Friday 1/23/09 was absolutely wonderful. This place is a real jewel, with parking three doors down. It reminds me of hotels I stayed at in Europe in mixed purpose buildings where the hotel occupied several floors of a building with apartments and office space on other levels. With the kitchen, I could go to the local delicatessens for a dinner salad or breakfast, (I am on a special diet and it is hard to eat in restaurants), and it was right across the street from NYU where I was attending a forensics conference. Anyone who is going to an academic program there, visiting a medical student or resident, or is staying with a patient at the hospital, should really check this place out. I can't wait to stay again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Efficient and comfortable residence	This is a real good choice for multinight stays. The Envoy Club rooms are surprisingly spacious, clean and well maintained. The staff work hard to please. I would definately return.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good Accomodation/great location	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the envoy club, 377 east 33rd street, new york. I was a little worried from previous reviews but was very happy on arrival as all the carpets were being replaced in the hallways which seemed to be what people who have written previous reviews had complaints about.The 1 bedroom apartment had a full kitchen with microwave,dishwasher and cooker, the living area has a double sofa bed and the double bedroom has tv and hairdryers.The hotel is in a great location just a a few blocks from the empire state building (on 33rd street and 5th ave) and grand central station.There is a fantastic delhi by the hotel which is great for breakfast and a cinema around the corner, times square is a 20 minute walk away.This is my second visit to new york and I would stay at this accomodation again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great place must have been upgraded!	I had made my reservations prior to reading trip advisor but I decided to keep reservations and give it a shot. A few things to note, the carpet in the hallways was BRAND NEW, with even the new carpet smell!The staff was friendly and courteous, assisting with all requests as needed. Big thanks to them for their assistance with directions. The apartment suite was spaceous with a Kitchen that was a generous size for a one bedroom apartment in NYC, with all appliances and items a kitchen would need. As I was in for business, it was great to be able to cook meals while i did my work in the apartment. (The wireless internet worked great and at a reasonable rate)I will be staying at the Envoy for all of my future needs, as I am working with a company right in the area.	
Aug 19 2008 	Oh my GOSH this place is a disaster!	Oh my gosh! I don't know where those pictures come from on the web site and did the management right those lavish reviews but this place was a mess! I had to wear shoes to walk on the floor; the carpet had stains and mildew. The only thing was clean was the white linen, what a surprise. I had to put the extra sheets on the sofa in order to sit down. I paid about $400 for a 1 star room. I travel a lot and I never had this experience.	
Aug 18 2008 	Good place when you need space plus privacy	Normally I stay at the Algonquin, Hilton, or the Blakely on W. 55th, but this time I was bringing my 16-year-old daughter and her friend for their first trip to the city. I looked at the option of booking two rooms next to each other in a regular hotel, but ended up choosing the Envoy Club, to be sure I could be in close proximity to the girls. We had a two-bedroom, two bath unit - the girls took one side and I had the other, with a living room and kitchen (standard &quot;condo&quot; sort) in between, so there was just as much privacy as if we had booked separate rooms, but had MUCH more space than two typical NY hotel rooms would have provided. The space was huge by NY standards. I do have to take issue with a few previous reviews, though - I couldn't classify this place as &quot;spotless&quot; but would give it a &quot;slightly better than just ok&quot; - meaning that I didn't feel I needed to scrub it down with my disinfectant wipes before using it - but it could have been considerably &quot;sparklier.&quot; The overall unit was fine, kitchen clean - yes, the furniture was a bit worn, but the bed was very nice, new-appearing linens, double-sheeted with generous sheets, quite clean and fresh.My only real complaint was the carpet - especially in the hallway and around the elevators. It is dreadful, smells of urine and absolutely must be replaced. The desk person asked me what I thought of the hotel when we checked out - and I did mention the carpets. He diplomatically agreed.Location was good. If you go out the front door and look to the right (2nd Ave) you can see a Dunkin Donuts and a Starbucks right there in sight, on the corner. Then just 5 blocks more and you're at Empire State, which of course is just across the street from Macy's....so walking into midtown is a cinch. We did take cabs back to the hotel though, after long days of walking and shopping....just not enough energy left. So you might want to factor a few cab fares into the hotel budget. Neighborhood is fine.I would recommend this hotel in situations where you need space plus privacy for a small group (esp. if there are minors involved) and if you want to save money using a kitchen (there are no services except housekeeping, no restaurant.) The two staff members I met were very nice. If they replaced the carpets, gave the rooms a bit more shine and polish, this place could be a 4-star. As it is I'd give it almost a 3. But I would go back if I was escorting kids again.	
Apr 4 2008 	"We're Impressed!"	Katie and I are here for school vacation - her first time in NYC - and i figured all we really need is reasonably clean and quiet: anything more is a bonus. Happy to report that Envoy Club came through with flying colors. Our roomy 7th floor studio is perfect, in the back so very quiet, me on the double bed and Katie on the convertible. Mattress is 'firm', not my personal choice, but quite comfy. Fold-out is basic but K is very happy, especially after she commandeered my down comforter, leaving me a blanket. Wi-fi is $10. kitchen is well equipped, bath is superb, both are squeaky clean. Linens are Frette, crisp and new. Carpet and floors easily pass the Barefoot Test. Staff are very professional and helpful - good advice on local eateries, and when i told them about the toilet running and the smoke alarm beeping, both were repaired pronto.Envoy would be a 5 except for the location in Kip's Bay or Murray hill, i cant figure which. it is off the beaten track in lower midtown. We're walkers, but some might like to be closer to the action. on the other hand, it is very close to two of our new faves, 2nd Street Deli, with the best pastrami on the planet, between 3rd and Lex on E33rd, and LaSalle Ice Cream at 489 Third, where all is house-made by hand, and just superb - better than Italy. Try the Mango ice, or any of the gelatos - you won't believe they are low fat. Cheers!	
Mar 22 2008	What a great Place to Stay	We have just returned from New York and stayed at the Envoy Club. We were a bit nervous when we read some of the reviews after we booked and went there with an open mind. It was excellent! The staff were really helpful and the suite we stayed in was way above average for the price we payed. Would definately recommend it to anyone. The only thing that spoiled it was it was a good walk or a taxi ride to the main shopping areas of the city but on a good note you didnt get all the street noise in the evening which was great after a hard day of shopping!!! Very comfortable, very clean and great facilities in the room. Definately returning next year!!!!	
Mar 19 2008 	Basically satisfied with it	I was just up in NY for my daughter's wedding and needed to find something both reasonably priced and I needed a kitchenette for preparations, so my choices in NYC were limited by that. I am actually in the business or I probably never would've found this place, since I never heard of it before. All in all it suited my needs. I just needed the studio room but it was actually larger than I expected for NY and I was surprised that the kitchen was a full working kitchen, oven included not just the stovetop and microwave I'd expected, so that was a nice plus. Location was very good to anyone who wanted to be near midtown Manhattan-it's right off the FDR near NYC Medical Center and within walking distance to the everything. The main complaint, if I would call it that, was although I was only there for 2 nights and they do have housekeeping available, this was the only hotel I have ever stayed in that didn't leave an extra roll or two of toilet paper in the bathrooms and I literally ran out just as I was getting ready to check out. Maybe it was an oversight or maybe they have a rash of guests stealing toilet paper, but it was weird. And the other thing I would point out to anyone staying is this isn't an actual &quot;hotel&quot;, it's part of a condo unit and they only have the front desk available during the day until 8:30pm. I found out the next day that a family member had tried to call me at 9PM in the evening but there is no one to transfer the call and you only get a recording saying someone will contact you ASAP. I know most people these days have cell phones but I do not and had that been an emergency I would never have been reached at night. Just something to keep in mind if you don't have a cell. But it was a comfortable stay all in all.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Location at reasonable price	Apartments are a little dated but are large in size and as your in New York you'll only need the apartment for sleeping (beds are amazing by the way!). Some of the furniture could do with modernising but apart from that no complaints. great location, within walking distance of everything, near subway, empire state building and shops.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great spacious apartment	We were very pleased with our accommodation at the Envoy. We stayed in NYC for 5 nights with our 3 year old son from 18 -23 Dec, 2007. We found that the location was a suitable walking distance to Empire State and the shopping. Our son was in a stroller and we enjoyed walking through the city looking at all the Christmas decorations. On a few occasions we caught a cab home (costing very little) after a long day out sightseeing in the city. We felt very safe in the area. There was a deli a few steps away with great food, as well as everything else you would need (restaurants, drug store and supermarket) close by. The fully equipped kitchen was awesome, bathroom clean and spacious. We loved having a separate bedroom with a huge king sized bed (very comfy). There was plenty of wardrobe space. The furniture was in good condition and the decor colors were brown/taupe. Very pleasing. Our son had a double bed sized fold out sofa in the main area which easily folded away each morning. Maid service was good. It was quite a large apartment and not the typical &quot;hotel' style all-in-one-room accommodation.The hotel hallway showed some stained carpet and the scent of cigarettes, but does not deter us from recommending the apartments. Our room was very comfortable and fresh. There was a mix up with the payment of the room. We had paid prior to arrival and had a voucher, but the front desk billed us again, after we left. This was very quickly sorted out within a few days when we notified them about the mistake. In actual fact, there was another person staying there with our surname and this mixed up the office. All good. Front desk was very helpful.It was the festive season and the concierge even gave a lovely gift to my son - &quot;Mack&quot; truck from the movie &quot;Cars&quot;. He loves it.Would recommend this hotel for families and groups of friends travelling together.	
Jan 9 2008	Disappointing Envoy Club	Envoy Club Serviced Apartments, New York CityNew York was the last stop for our family on a month 'round the world' trip and the Envoy Club was the worst acomodation we stayed in even though it's price was higher than London and Paris for supposedly similar standard apartments. It's location on 33rd street was poor - the street is dark and gives the impression of being unsafe. Murray Hill district is neither uptown or downtown - very disappointing. It is 4 blocks to the subway and 3 blocks to a supermarket. The wireless internet did not work ,and it did not have a business centre available to guests.On arrival we had to get the cleaners to vacuum the carpet as it had not been done and the doona cover had not been changed from the former guests. The twin beds requested for our teenage children turned out to be a dodgy double sofabed. The central heating could not be altered unless you were prepared to put up with a very loud rattle. Our 4 towels were replaced with 3. The kitchen and bathroom were very clean but the kitchen had limited kitchenware. We would have done much better in everyway in a well situated hotel and eaten out.	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent choice	Just back after a 4 night stay at the Envoy. We were originally booked to stay at Radio City Apts but were changed to Envoy 'due to contractural reasons' so they said. But what a place, very spacious with great big king size bed and sofa bed was very comfortable. Apt was spotless and cleaned every day. Only problem was location though a quick hop in a yellow cab and you were right in the centre of everything. Don't let the location put you off. Would definitly return.	
Sep 17 2007	poor service drab appearence	I booked an apartment but the hotel had booked a studio as it was Labour Day weekend we accepted on condition compensation was made and a fold away bed was provided. Theadmin is terrible no attempt was made to compensate they have just been taken over and are not up to scratch. My travel co. GTA were great they got us moved to the 1 bed we booked and 1 extra night free without their efforts the Envoy Club would not help they do not care .This building is in need of a make over all rooms look shabby and tired	
Jun 3 2007 	The Dogs Wotsits!	Just got back from staying at the Envoyclub apartments at 377 East 33RD ST New York , NY10016! Great location right in the heart of all the action, the room was great with everything that you would need for your stay! Clean, comfortable and spacious. Cleaners did a greatjob each day leaving the room spotless for our return!The staff at the desk were very helpful with directions and advice, and made the stay even more enjoyable!I would have no hesitation in recommending the EnvoyClub to other travellers and look forward to returning there in the the near future!p.s do the Liberty Helicopter Tour! best $140 I spent!What a view !!!	
May 3 2007 	great place to stay	our first trip to NYC. this place was great, clean, and comfortable. this is a great place to stay with the family. we are parents to two children and an infant and there was plenty of room for us. the kitchen was well equipped although we were to busy seeing the sights to do any cooking. we did buy breakfast items so we ate breakfast in the apartment each day.the bathroom was clean and spacious. we walked most of the time and found the apartment to be well located. there was a subway station and buses in easy walking distance.would stay here again.	
Mar 22 2007 	Ideal for a family trip	An apartment in the Envoy Club is an ideal choice when travelling with a larger group. Just back from a 5 night stay for St Patricks with my family, 4 adults &amp; a teenager, and the Envoy Club provided excellent accomadation. About a 10 minute walk to Macy's makes it reasonably accessable however bear in mind when you want to get around to see everything New York seems huge when you've only few days in which to do it. The reviews here vary a lot &amp; personally I think people may be a little disillusioned by the pictures and descriptions of the apartments. Yes, they are fitted with the best of everything however it's all gone just a little shabby ... do not let this put you off if it's an apartment you're looking for as they are spottlessly clean and we actually found the staff to be very friendly. The kitchen is well equiped; beds comfortable; bathrooms large with great shower pressure and if its freezing cold, as it was during our visit, the heating system is fantastic. If you're in New York to shop you MUST visit Jersey Gardens www.jerseygardens.com. Take the 111 bus from the Port Authority building - approx 40 minute ride; fare approx $4.50 single (much better value than may $38 to get to Woodbury Common!). This mall is completly indoors with comfy couches so you sit and rest between shopping bursts. Remember as well that there is no extra tax added on to clothes prices in New Jersey as there is in Manhatten.Also, if you want to get a really good elevated view of Manhatten go to the top of the Rockerfeller Centre. Having spent hours queing for the Empire State on our last visit we tried The Top of the Rock this time and had NO queue at all and the view was much better.	
Mar 22 2007 	Loved it	Loved this place. Warm and cosy and only five min walk to Macys. Stayed in two bedroom and the only reason I haven't given it top marks is because when we first checked in we were given wrong apartment and had to be moved. But other than that perfect!	
Mar 17 2007	not what i expected	Sorry folks, we booked through fleetwood travel and were promised 5 star accomodation. When we arrived we were very dissappointed but put it down to being tired. After a good nights sleep the place still wasn't what we expected from the reviews we read on this page. We were expecting a hotel not an apartment block with the smell of cooking in the corridors. The staff were also quite surly and gave us wrong information.We paid extra to be central but it was quite far out and taxi cabs were taken each evening to get back. We had a fantastic time in New York though and when we go back we will not be staying at the Envoy Club.	
Nov 16 2006 	Home Away from Home	Having travelled fairly extensively, I was very impressed with the Envoy Club. There were 5 of us in a 2 bed 2 bath apartment on the 4th floor for 5 nights, which I'm sure is bigger than most New York apartments. Plenty of closet space and a large safe, not those pokey toy ones. I wanted to move in permanently.It was great to have somewhere where all 5 of us could spend time together rather than being in separate hotel rooms. The full kitchen was well appointed and well worth having. The furnishings were of a good standard and fairly up to date, the beds were very comfortable as was the sofa bed according to the designated sleeper. The bathrooms were clean and the showers had decent power. Location wise the hotel is well located only a few blocks from the Empire State Building and not to far from Macys. Being on 33rd, cabs were rarely more than $ 10.00 up or downtown. If you're getting a cab back get them to drop you on 33 and 2nd Ave, then walk to the Envoy Club, saves going round the block to the hotel door.Bedding is normally already made up in the sofa bed, you may have to ask for pillows though.There are loads of convenience stores, delis and a cinema near the Envoy Club. Also there are some great take out places, ask the front desk. I would have no problem recommending the Envoy Club to my clients. Overall the staff were great and helped out wherever possible. Big thanks to Gillian, we had a great stay.Minor Points:The rooms could do with a minor nip/tuck here and there, nothing major ie the window blinds need repairingCould do with having DVD players as VCR's a bit out of dateThe kitchen utensils could do with an upgrade and teaspoons would be good.	
Nov 1 2006 	Fantastic Service	We have just returned having spent 5 days in the Envoy Club, having experienced excellent service and the highest standards of cleanliness. The staff arranged a late check in for our group, checked maps and even arranged transport to various shopping malls.The 1 bedroomed apartment was spotlessly clean and had everything you would expect to find in a full stocked house!The only downside was the location as it is a bit far from timnes square etc.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great place to stay!!	Stayed in the Envoy Club apartments last week for five nights. We had a studio apartment that overlooked the street which wasn't really noisy. Even though we were across the street from NYU medical centre. The apartment was clean and had everything you need for your stay. A fully equiped kitchen with all mod cons and bathroom. There was a large tv, vcr, stereo and fax machine. You have your own private fax line and phone line. Details are given to you at reception. There is a maid service everyday. The staff were nice and helpful. We didn't need to contact them only to ask if we could stay in the room for an extra hour after check out which wasn't a problem plus we weren't charged for it. The envoy club apartments are on floors 3-7 and the rest of the building is eastbridge lodgings. There are separate elevators for envoy club guests. You can walk to empire state building, herald square etc and a cab is easy to hail. I would definately recommend the envoy club. I will be staying there again.	
Jul 3 2006	Well worth the walk	Date 17th-24th June 2006My husband and I have just spent a week in New York and as it was our 35th wedding anniv and our 1st time to the USA we were worried about where to stay, Well we shouldn`t of because the Envoy Studio was great, not in the centre of things but we were able to walk to anywere we wanted or take the subway on 33rd Street. We were in room 505 and it was very clean and comfortable the towels were changed everyday and the maid came in every day , the receptionist were very helpful if you asked them anything and Jamile even sorted out transport back to JFK.We had trouble with the air-con leaking but just mentioned it and someone was summonded right away and when we returned it was sorted!!!. The bars and restaurants around were great and we spent a few night in Murphys, Ollie the barman is very funny. If you want a more trendy bar go to bar twelve At the end of very busy days we appreciated the location even more as we could get to sleep undisturbed and we were on the front. You had everything in the kitchen you needed if you chose to eat in. Ladies the hairdryer is kept in the cabinet in the bathroom I was looking all over the bedroom for one as even with an adaptor English electric items do not work.We took photos but wouldn`t be any different from photos already posted on site.Thoroughly recommend it if you want more space and freedom.	
Jun 6 2006	Sshh! Don;t tell the world about this place or they'll all go!	My friend and I stayed here for five fabulous nights! The air conditioning worked very well, but if it hadn’t we could have easily lived in the giant fridge. The rooms were spotless and the bathrooms actually looked like the one on the www (a rarity in my experience).The neighbourhood is very quiet and we both felt safe returning home late at night.The staff were really helpful and gave incredibly helpful local top tips and advice.I hope to return as soon as I can!	
Jun 2 2006	Mice in the Sofa Bed	Well need I say more, mice in the sofa bed and room.When we complained to the lady in reception, she said 'Its a city, expect mice' The previous review was descirbing the place in a nice way, and I agree, the place has obviously gone down hill big time. They have also changed the name to Eastbridge Logdings.	
Jun 2 2006	Beware - You May Not End Up Staying Here	In February, a friend and I looked at the &quot;JustNewYorkHotels&quot; website. We found a hotel in West Manhattan which sounded OK, and tried to book. &quot;JustNewYorkHotels&quot; contacted us a day later and said it was full, but they suggested the Envoy Club. We read the reviews on the Trip Advisor website and it sounded great so we booked.All was fine until I arrived from London, hoping to meet my friend from New Zealand, at our apartment at the Envoy Club. We had been moved. He had gone to the Envoy Club and been told that 'Your Home International' - &quot;no longer have apartments available at the Envoy Club&quot;. We were moved - to an apartment on W70th Street. The first hassle was that the person who let us into the apartment warned us about a woman called &quot;Crazy Susan&quot; who lived on the 3rd floor who didn't like short term rentals in the building and was likely to harrass us if she came across us. We didn't but later in the week someone put a note through our door listing all the apartments, ours included, which were known to be let on a short term basis and asking residents to campaign against this. The building left quite a lot to be desired too. The smoke detectors either missing or hanging of the ceiling, a hole in the ceiling about 2 foot long, a wine bottle propping open the window in the corridor. The lift which kept breaking down.In addition we left about 5 messages on the customer service number we had been given and didn't get single response. Not even to the one left the day before we arrived which was to confirm that our booking was OK; or the one to mention that one set of keys didn't work; or more worryingly to let them know about the note under our door.To be completely fair, the apartment itself was nice, and in a good location, but the hassle and lack of customer service was annoying and really worrying.We have complained, but since we are going through JustNewYorkHotels and Your Home International it's taken a month to get a response from Your Home Int'l.I'm sure the Envoy Club is a lovely place to stay, but beware who you book your apartment through. You may not end up there.	
May 11 2006	A not so happy return	After an excellent stay at this Midtown-East service apartment venue, we had a very disappointing second visit this April. We had booked a two bedroom, two bathroom apartment for a week which turned out to be a very dark place on the 4th floor of the building with a strong food smell in the corridor.We arrived at 2.20 and were told that ony at 3 we could check in which is ok and according to the rules of the game but neither do they have a proper place to store luggage nor do they have any other facilities like a toilet or a place to sit down. Not so nice when you arrive from a long-haul flight. Luckily, there is a Starbucks around the corner...The apartment is in need of a renovation. Carpets had big stains on them, the sofas and chairs had well used cushioning, the curtains in two rooms had partially fallen down, the dishwasher did not properly work and the safe in the bedroom was broken and could not be used. And for a place that could legally host 6 people, only two chairs at the dining table are for sure not enough. And like in so many other places, the batteries in the TV remote control were empty. The day we checked out, calls were made to the apartment to confirm that we were &quot;gone&quot; by 11 (which we were) and again, luggage had to be stored in an unsecured place. Reception is not very helpful and one can walk into the elevators without anybody taking note. So I wonder about the safety of the place.Sad to say that we will not return to this run-down place which once was such a good value.	
Apr 20 2006	Great location	Just returned from 5 nights in New York (2 adults and 2 teenagers). We stayed at the Envoy Club Apartments - E33rd st Manhattan. We found the location to be very good - quiet and only 3 blocks from the Empire State Building and 2 blocks from the subway. Plenty of local eating places around the corner. Other major attractions are only 10 - 15 minute walk away - 5th avenue, times square etc..We had a one roomed apartment teenagers slept on the sofa bed.Apartment was clean and has full kitchen amenities (which we did not use), 2 TV's, plenty of wardrobe space ect. Our days were full and we returned late most nights. Area around 33rd st is safe. For apartment style accomodation in New York we could not fault..We booked apartment directly through their website.	
Apr 9 2006	Good place at right price	Stayed in spacious 1 bedroom with excellent pullout in living room area; beautiful, fully-equipped kitchen, large bathroom and closet space. Everything was spotless and in perfect working order. Great for stay if you need to be close to NYU Medical Center. Found great Chinese restaurant around corner and plenty of window-shopping nearby.Would recommend to anyone who doesn't want to stay around Times Square, or vicinity. Pet friendly.	
Apr 3 2006	Best Value in the City - We love it!	This was my second time staying at the Envoy and I still love it. The rooms are clean, comfortable and spacious. The studio suite is about 600 Sq. Ft. and feels like the master suite in an upscale home. The windows actually open, which is a big deal to me. This is not the kind of place where you are waited on and served breakfast in bed. Speaking of the bed, it is quite comfortable. The bathroom is nicely appointed and the full kitchen is so much nicer than my own! I can't see how anyone could not like this place. I live in NYC and this is the only place where I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off by renting a closet for $200 a night.	
Dec 15 2005	The Best	Having checked out every hotel in Manhattan(and I do mean EVERY HOTEL) we decided on THE ENVOY. We(four of us)had booked a one bedroom, and checked on our booking several times due to other reviews we had read on trip advisor. We were given a two bedroom at the same price(off to a great start) as there where no one bedrms when we arrived. The place was amazing, very clean, quiet, daily cleaning service(she must have hated our place, full of empty shopping bags)and laundry service if needed on the 3rd floor. Front desk staff where very helpful and polite and the doormen where great, friendly and helpful too. The place could have fitted 6-8 people very comportably. 2 bedrms, 2 bathrms, kitchen, large living rm, 3 T.V.'s, and closets everywhere!! We didn't use half of them! We had an amazing 5 nights of luxury. A straight walk up 33rd street and you are right at Macy's and shoppers paradise, close to some great eateries. Have to recommend Jack Dempseys(on 33rd between Broadway &amp; 5th) as the best for all kinds of food but especially the Buffullo Wings and Steak Tidbits(fab, fab, fab). We were a bit dubious having read some reports of The Envoy but can only rave about it, we will all be back again next year, same time, same place.From Lorraine in Donegal.	
Nov 27 2005	Spectacular	Front desk was wonderful and very helpful. We don't go in for the &quot;snobbery&quot; of New York City and asked at the desk &quot;where do the locals go&quot;? Pleasantly surprised with the directions, suggestions, and the honesty of the staff. Being from the south, we are &quot;laid back&quot; and are quite appalled at the sometimes hectic mind-set of the north. These folks gave us a &quot;down-home feeling, our room was immaculant, and their suggestions were splendid--saving us a lot of $$$. The roof-top is the most romantic...recommend this place without any hesitation. Remember that it is not home. There could be problems, but we were well taken care of and EXTREMELY comfortable and satisfied. Would recommend to anyone who wants the relax in room and not feel like you are sitting on your suitcase. Neighborhood is safe and very friendly--IF YOU ARE. You get what you give. By the way, if you go, DO NOT MISS MCSORLEY'S BAR. Real down home feeling, great beer, greater food.	
Nov 11 2005	Pleasantly surprised	When we booked our room on Hotel we were a bit worried. But when we got there we couldn't have been happier. We had a 1brm suite and the room was extremely clean and comfortable. The staff was very polite and accomodating, but not exactly the most knowledgable when we asked for directions or recommendations. The location was perfect for us and we were able to do a lot of walking because the weather was especially warm for early Nov. But cab rides were never more then 5-8$ to anywhere we wanted to go. I would highly recommend this place and would definitely book it again.	
Oct 24 2005	Fantastic Living Space	First of all you have to consider whether you want a hotel room with people tending to your every need, or your own clean and well-stocked space from which to explore New York. The Envoy Club Hotel is perfect for the latter.We stayed for four nights in a one-bedroom apartment and frankly could have moved in for good! the facilities, cleanliness and decor were top notch including CD players, coffee perculator, giant bed, great shower/bathroom and 2 TVs. The service was on-hand which is all we expected and asked for. The reception people were helpful and went to great lengths to make my girlfriends birthday (and surprise engagement!) a very happy experience for the both of us.Location was a short walk past shops and restaurants to the subway, but quiet enough not to get disturbed by traffic or people on the streets. Plenty of taxis going past, and perfectly clean. The hotel is right next to the University Hospital as well but we never heard a sound even though we were on the front side.I don't understand the moaning messages on here, unless there was a particular moment of annoyance like the plumbing story -those things happen unfortunately and will ruin anyone's holiday. But 95% of people will absolutely love the Envoy Hotel and all it offers.New york itself was wonderful - get to Washington Square, grab yourself a helicopter ride, don't be a picture-snapping tourist at Ground Zero, and enjoy the largely positive nature of numerous different New Yorkers. We will go back, and we will definately stay at the Envoy hotel again.	
Sep 26 2005	Better than expected!!	Six of us stayed at the Envoy on Sept 23rd for a quick shopping trip. We booked the 2bd/2ba and it was better than we expected. The apartment was spacious and clean. The kitchen was new and spotless with marble tops. We were thrilled to say the least. The frontdesk was not as bad as people keep saying. They catered to all of our needs even holding our luggage for 8hrs after we checked out. I would definitely recommend it and stay again if we go back.	
Aug 25 2005 	Very poor service response	I stayed at the Bridgestreet Envoy Club two (2) times in early and mid-2005. The first stay was pleasant; the suites were spacious and insulated from the noise of nearby parties. I am a professional woman and was staying alone in NYC on business. During my second (and final!) two-night stay, there was a plumbing problem that the management dealt with quite poorly. Throughout the first night, a gurgling noise had come from the septic system at sporadic intervals, without apparent reason. I notified the management, however no one came to check that day. On the 2nd night at approx. 2 AM, the toilet began gurgling very loudly and this time overflowing, again without reason (it had not been recently used). I reported the problem to a tape machine as no one was at the front desk.  I spent a couple of the &quot;wee hours&quot; awake, worrying that the entire one bedroom suite would be flooded as I was unable to turn the water off under the bowl. Around 7 AM, after falling into a much needed sleep there was a loud banging at my door. Emergently, a fellow rushed into the two-inch deep pool of water and rudely inquired as to what I had done to cause the problem. He and another fellow were in and out of my unit until approximately 9 AM repairing the tank and wiping water from the floor.I am obliged to shower and dress in professional garb by 9 AM in order to make work commitments; For nearly $250 a night -- I was unable to shower prior to starting my work day. Indeed I requested to the repair person that I be able to use another shower however he either did not understand or ignored my request, stating that he was almost finished. (No one answered at the front desk.) Unfortunately, I was exhausted throughout the day from an interrupted sleep.Sad to say, the service/responsiveness/courtesy at this property does not even compare with economy hotels I've stayed at. I've since stayed at several comparably priced hotel/suite complexes owned by Affinia and have been quite pleased with all aspects of their service.	
Aug 16 2005	Really enjoyed it would stay again	My husband and I really enjoyed this hotel. I agree that the front desk staff was unprofessional (personal conversations in front of customers and a sort of clueless attitude) but they has no problem finding our reservation and it was quickly processed.The room was spacious, well equipped, nicely decorated, smelled fresh and was very clean. Definitely more than your average NYC room. It was also very quiet.The location (1st Avenue) is sort of out of the way, but right next to a bus stop, which we used to get to the subway. The bus runs down the length of 34th Street and was very convenient. We found the entire block to be very quiet for NYC and slept well both nights we were there.I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it.	
Jul 22 2005	Don't Give It the Benefit	I have previously stayed at the Envoy Club and must agree it's going downhill fast.I booked a studio and confirmed the reservation and price by email. When booking in I was made to pay for a six night stay upfront for a higher price. After arguing about this for a good ten minutes, just what you need after a 20 hour flight, they adjusted it without acknowledging there error. They need to start thinking about replacing their desk staff and management. I'm being kind in calling them unprofessional.The first room stunk, had bathroom with cracked tiles, no personal safe although you could see where it used to be and a front door that was so loose it was unsafe. When I requested a room change it was treated like a real effort to agree.The new room wasn't much better - mutiple stains on the carpets and sofas, shonky TV reception, no bathroom kits etc.Where eighteen months ago I recommended this place (on TripAdvisor) now I would not give it the benefit of a doubt. It isn't worth the hassles you have to go through.	
May 6 2005	Hmmmm	Well what can i say, the apartments are very spacious and clean ( the carpets need a serious overhaul ). The bathroom was lovely and clean. But the hallway to a ''non smoking'' floor smelt of stale cigs... you know the smell.... the room has everything you could poss need.... cd player/video player ( who uses videos these days ). The big downsides are the staff on the ''front desk'' they totally suck !!! No idea of customer services ... actually unreal. The location is a headache as being in midtown you would have thought you'd find a subway stn within a couple of mins walk.....errrr no ! try 15 mins away, its quickerjumpin in a cab to your destination. The area around it is nice and peaceful(ish) not very new york, actually it feels quite ''suburban'' in a starnge way. The apts are designed for business people who want a kitchen etc etc but if your going to ny on hols then i would stay somewhere else so u can really experience the new york atmosphere around your hotel ..... good luck !!! email me if you got anymore questions.	
May 2 2005	Excellent value good location nice apart-hotel	We stayed at the Envoy Club for 7 nights from 14th to 20th April 2005. After reading one of the more recent reviews on the website we were a little worried before we checked in, however we were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of our accommodation. We had booked a studio room, and although we didn't get an upgrade like other guests, the room was more than adequate for our needs. The service we'd had from Envoy Club when booking the room and with follow up queries was very prompt and friendly. I had found a special rate on Expedia for 3 of the 5 nights we booked and emailed them to ask if they could match it as I always prefer to book direct with the hotel. They matched the rate, and when I confirmed my booking, extended it for the whole 5 nights - we paid $179 per night plus taxes (for Brits, that worked out at around £100 per night).The lobby is small, but you have to remember this is not a hotel - it is an apartment block, and Envoy Club own the first 3 or 4 floors of apartments that they rent out to guests on a short term basis. There are no normal hotel facilities, such as a bar or restaurant or large lounge or lobby - if this is important to you don't stay here. There is a fitness room, business centre and laundry, but we didn't use these so can't comment on them. The receptionist was a little scary at first, but we were super friendly to her and her mood brightened. Two days into our stay we decided that NY was so great that we were going to have to stay an extra couple of days. The receptionist accommodated us with no fuss and even let us keep the special rate we were paying for the extra 2 nights. By the end of our stay we were getting tips from her on where to go, and she was teasing us about the amount of shopping we were doing - so all in all friendly service.The room was large by any standard, and as I understand it, particularly for New York. It was all very clean, and our sheets were fine! it was fairly stylishly done, but not over the top modern. There were 2 large windows in the room and it didn't feel too closed in.We had a queen size bed (the receptionist was worried this wouldn't be big enough for my 6'2&quot; other half, but it was fine), a small sofa, a small dining table and 2 chairs. There was cable TV, a VCR and CD player. There were two large cupboards (closets) one was a walk-in which was great and gave us loads of storage space. The kitchen was great, although we didn't use it other than to make coffee and keep milk in the refrigerator. If you were staying for longer though it had all the equipment you'd need to make simple meals - oven, hob, microwave, pots and pans etc - they all look fairly clean.The bathroom was also a good size, it took us a while to work out the temperature control for the shower, but we got there eventually - and very clean, with plenty of towels.We got maid service every day (sometimes a she was little too keen, wanting to come in and clean before we'd left for the day) so the place was always spotless, including the maid cleaning our coffee cups and coffee pot every day.The location is pretty good, although a little out of the main action. It's about 4 crosstown blocks to the subway (about 10 - 15 min walk at an easy pace) and 5 blocks to the Empire State Building. There are a couple of good bars nearby, plenty of pharmacies, convenience stores and delis. We were grateful for the more peaceful location at the end of a busy day, as we had no street or outside noise in our room at all (but we were at the back).My only gripes (and pretty minor ones at that) - there was no way we could find to adjust the air-con. The weather when we were there was positively summer like 70-80 degrees, so it didn't matter too much, but we might have been cold if it were cooler outside. Also the air-con was quite noisy. The other gripe - no full length mirror! How strange in a hotel!I would have no hesitation recommending this place to anyone who isn't that worried about the full on hotel atmosphere, and wants to stay in a quieter neighbourhood.	
Mar 23 2005	Apartment hotel	We arrived Envoyclub in mid-March 05. First you pay your entire stay at check in. Then you have your room. Missing key charge is 70$. Envoy should inform at room description that queen bed has only one large blanket for two persons to sleep. This might encounter inconvenience when sharing room with same gender or your spouse. Fitted carpet was bit shabby. Plenty of room for you belongings. Separate dressing room and wardrobe. In kitchen the dishes were fine, but one boiler was rusty. Others were okay. Gas stove. Dishwasher has seen its better days... it was brown inside but did its job well. Detergent included. We liked space in studio 550 square feet (50 m2). Room was also very quiet. Only cleaning time (9-15 depending if maid was nearby) had some noise. There is airconditioning and windows cannot be opened. The ventilation in bathroom was poor. This is a big minus for stay. After using toilet, you get all smells into room... one inch opening under the door. We used 0.99$ air freshener after &quot;session&quot;.Electronic safe box didn´t work. Hotel staff just did nothing to that or just couldn´t. They gave us next day safelocker from desk. As Europeans we didn´t mind 700m walk to 33. Street metrostation. Or 1 km to ESB. There are many small restaurants near hotel and one liqueur shop kept by chinese with good service. Conlusion from this hotel: we rate Envoyclub three minus ***-. Hotel staff *. They didn´t even say &quot;Bye&quot; when checking out. We got impression, that reception had better things to do like chatting in internet and going out many times than to just be available, friendly and serve guests. It doesn´t take much to do that. Room cleaning ****. Room basic amenities (no body lotion) ***. Dishes ****. Hotel location ***.Our opinion is that in Envoyclub we got better value (149$ booked five months advance) than f.ex. same priced basic ** -hotel without breakfast, without spacious room and without kitchen.	
Mar 16 2005 	Amazing!!	We just returned from our trip to NY with our two year old in tow and I cannot stop gushing about this hotel. It could not have been more perfect. I read the review from March 5th and all I can say is that we must have gotten a revamped room because there was nothing run down about what we experienced. The decor was stylish and very clean, the sheets were new, the kitchen even had marble counters. We had a one bedroom and it was surprisingly large, perfect for a couple with a child. The staff was very friendly and helpful, calling to be sure we were in our room and all was fine, and assisting with directions and restaurant recommendations. The location is very central with everything you need just outside the door. Two grocery stores, bagels, pizza, sandwiches, pubs, and much more. I am a frequent business traveler and I'm comfortable recommending this hotel to anyone ~ it surpassed my expectations, especially due to the incredibly low rate. We will be returning to NY later this year and we will most definitely staying at the Envoy.	
Mar 15 2005	A great value in a forgotten corner of NYC	If you're looking for personal service and tons of amenities, then Envoy Club is not for you. BUT, if you're looking for a luxurious yet very reasonably priced accommodation, then look at Envoy Club. My fiance and I stayed there this past weekend and had an excellent experience. First, we were upgraded from a studio to a one bedroom at no extra charge. When we went up to our 5th floor room, we were amazed by the APARTMENT that we found when we opened the door. Yes, I said APARTMENT -- not the teeny-tiny closets that pass for hotel rooms in other parts of the city. This space had a living room with a couch and two chairs, a dining table, a large galley kitchen, and a good-sized bedroom by NYC standards. There was a TV and VCR in the living room and a TV in the bedroom. The apartment was tastefully decorated and the kitchen had dishes, pots, pans, etc, so you could cook in if you wanted. Everything was very clean and the towels were the best I've ever seen at any hotel. Only small downsides were that the sheets were a little frayed at the edges and they left only one robe instead of two. The room was also one of the most quiet places I've ever stayed in NYC. The only noises I heard were other tenants opening and closing their doors. Check-in and check-out were a breeze (unlike some of the larger hotels where it can be a nightmare). The only real drawback to the Envoy Club is the location. The closest subway is at Park Avenue (hotel is at 33rd and 1st) and there aren't many tourist attractions nearby. Plus, it's sometimes difficult to hail a cab in this area at off-hours. So, we did a LOT of walking which was good to burn off all the delicious food we ate during our stay! Thumbs up for Envoy Club!	
Mar 5 2005 	Going going downhill!	I have stayed several times here in the last year and it keeps getting worse on each visit. My most recent visit in January was my last. Every time I have checked in I have been greeted by a staffer who was busier with their own personal phone calls, friends visiting, food deliveries, eating, reading magazines, etc., to provide a decent greeting, but this last time took the cake! The desk clerk could not be bothered to TURN AROUND and greet me for several MINUTES, speaking to me while seated reading a magazine with their back to me. Is there no management on premise? I have never seen any! Every simple request is typically greeted with NO and bad attitude and if you call downstairs for anything from the room, half the time the phone will ring and ring with no answer! One visit, on a weekday evening while I was trying to get some sleep before a big meeting, a dog next door barked continually, but nothing could be done and the dog yapped for hours into the night because the front desk clerk was gone at 10pm! One of the the desk clerks can also be seen in the evenings slumping in a chair in the lobby complaining loudly about having to work ... Lovely ambience for a hotel. The rooms were once quite nice, but now all the carpeting is stained or has holes and bleached splotches on every floor, both in the hallways which are now a bit dank and soiled and uninviting as well as in the rooms. The toilets either fail to flush or overflow it seems on every other visit. They now even post a warning about it rather than fix the problem! The showers NEVER drain, leaving the tub almost overflowing by the end of your shower. The AC units lately do not work very well, sometimes not at all. Every room I have stayed in has a definite smoky smell, even when it is supposed to be a non-smoking room. The &quot;Frette&quot; linens are not, and they are in TATTERS. Sincerely, the sheets put on the bed are ripped and torn and frayed. The maid and management must know this, but if they allow the front desk clerks to be as rude as they are, they just do not care! The rooms are large, I have stayed in the studios and one bedrooms, but they are generally not cleaned very well and lately look quite grimy. It is just not worth it to stay here anymore regardless of the room size. This hotel has seen better days and is going down the tubes unless it freshens up and hires more professional staff.	
Feb 13 2005	Best kept secret	One of the best kept secrets in New York City is the Envoy Club. I took my husband there in January for a combo dance and comedy weekend in NY. He likes to dance and I like the comedy so we were going to Carolines and out dancing two nights in a row and we needed somewhere to recuperate both days (Thursday &amp; Friday). I did my research for days before and came up with the Envoy Club on E 31 and First Ave. It was perfect!!! It is not just a hotel- it is a home away from home. The apartment - that's right apartment- was fully equipped with kitchen (everything in it), wonderful walk-in closets and a great bathroom. As it happens, it rained the next morning of the first day there and the room came with a huge umbrella. Did I mention that the hotel is on several floors within a business and residential building so you feel right into the neighborhood. They have an exercise room on the floor that I stayed on, too. I don't know if this is the usual, but I have stayed everywhere from Canada to Florida and this was the best place for the price I have ever stayed. I could not believe the reasonable price they charged. I am sure that the next time we plan to have a partying weekend or just a break away, it will be there. 	
Nov 16 2004	Traveller's Worst Nightmare--Homelessness	My husband and I recently visited New York City to support a friend who was running in the marathon. Of course, this is one of the busiest weekends in the city and almost every decent hotel was booked. About one month prior to the trip, we reserved a room at the Envoy Club for the weekend. When we arrived late on a Friday night, we were told that someone moved our reservation to the following Monday through Thrusday instead of Friday through Monday. I guess we were lucky that we even caught the front desk clerk...as she was about to head home for the night and leave the check in desk unattended-don't know what we would've done then. Needless to say, I had received no notification of the reservation change (since it was handwritten in pencil on the &quot;computerized print out&quot;) and had both my hotel web page and email confirmations in hand. Besides, if we had made a change, would we be standing there? The hotel had booked someone in our place...so the hotel was full. We then knew what homelessness felt like. We thought our first night in New York would be spent on a bench in Grand Central Station. After about an hour and a half of calling other hotels, the Envoy Club did finally find us a hotel about 5 blocks away. They only had a smoking room, but at this point, we would take anything. The Envoy Club agreed to pay the rate difference (only verbally--refused to put this in writing). After a call to the new hotel, I was comforted the rates would be taken care of. Finally, at 2:30 am, we checked into a hotel...smokey or not, we had a bed on Park Avenue. Unfortuantely, by check out on Monday morning, the rate difference still had not been resolved with the Envoy Club. After a few heated calls to the Envoy Club Management, the bill was resolved and I thought our Envoy Club nightmare was over. Now, one week later a receive another confirmation from the Enovy Club as a reminder of my upcoming stay. This place just can't get it right. I really hope that we're cancelled!This was a horrible first experience for a stay in New York. I definitely recommend sticking with the &quot;Name Brand&quot; hotels if possible for a visit to such a big place...or at least avoid this hotel with all you've got!	
Nov 15 2004	Great value big room !		
Oct 5 2004	Fabulous!		
Sep 30 2004	A Gem in the hay		
Jul 2 2004	Good apartment feel		
May 3 2004	Nice place to stay		
Apr 17 2004	Excellent Find		
Mar 23 2004	Exquisite building!		
Mar 12 2004	Excellent. My favorite place to stay in NYC!		
Dec 9 2003	Absolutely Faboulous		
Sep 1 2003	Worth every penny...		
Aug 24 2009 	Mauvaise experience		
Jul 5 2009 	Très Bonne surprise!!		
Mar 3 2009	Klasse Appartement GROSS SAUBER FREUNDLICH		
May 21 2008 	Unser Ruheraum in NYC		
Mar 16 2008 	appartamenti abbordabili a NY		
