Sep 6 2009 	NIGHTMARE	Dont stay here if you like clean bathrooms, without bugs, hot waer, ripped beds and unhelpful staff.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!	
Dec 12 2008 	value	good location. value price.fan in the bath room was broken and made a big noise.wireless internet need $6, and PC in the lobby was busy	
Sep 15 2007	BEWARE! The Grant Hotel	Where do i start with my endless list of faults with the Grant Hotel.After finally arriving at the Grant Hotel, or should I say, the Alexandar as it is named above the door, our nightmare begun! First thoughts were, small, quiet and strange smell. We made our way to the tiny lift which looked ready to collapse to get to our 2nd floor appartment. Our room, well our box, was awful! the bed was rock hard and linnen was itchy. As we opened the blinds, we were face to face with a brick wall. On further inspection we found bare wires from plug sockets and light fittings. the bathroom was in the room next door to us and was shared with the rest of the people on our floor whom seemed to be permanent residents at the dive. There were more bare wires to be found next to the mirror, above the sink. We were disturbed each night with the noisy heating system, We were told it would only last a few minutes, however 20 minutes later it was still going. When we originally booked our holiday we planned to stay 3nights, however we later extended it to 4, On returning to the hotel on the 4th night, we were surprised to find our room had been completely emptied. Our stuff had all been thrown into black bags and put into a cupboard downstairs. Cleaners had not been informed we were staying an extra night so had removed our belongings. Thankfully the wonderful city 'New York' made up for the appalling conditions we slept in. We will definately be returning to New York, however we will not be visiting The Grant Hotel, and advise anyone, even those with a low budget to stay well clear!!!	
Dec 4 2006 	Would never stay here again	We have just returned from our 5th visit to NYC on 1st December, having stayed at the Grant for the first time as the hotel we normally stay in was full. Our otherwise enjoyable visit was marred by our terrible experience in this hotel. Upon arrival we were informed that the hotel would require photocopies of our photo ID and credit card details (the former we were aware of but the latter we were not told about in the confirmation email we had received in advance). We were reluctant to provide these as they were stored (along with everyone else's details) in a plastic box on the front desk where, potentially, anyone could just lean across and take them. The receptionist stated that he had no secure location (safe, office, drawer) in which to store the paperwork and we were told to leave if we didn't like it! The 'security manager' then appeared and involved himself in the argument which culminated in him telling us that he didn't like us and we should go and sleep on the streets. We asked to see the manager and were told that he wasn't in and no-one knew when he was due back on duty. Given that it was Thanksgiving Day, we had little choice but to stay at the hotel as we had nowhere else to go. The room itself was too warm with no way of controlling the heat, the air-con was too noisy to have on for too long and there were exposed wires all over the place, including the hallways and bathrooms. Both my friend and I developed curious rashes after a few days of staying at the hotel..I would not like to hazard a guess as to the cause!The final horror was when we had two brand new pairs of childrens' trainers (still in their boxes) stolen from our locked hotel room the day before we left and the response from the receptionist was 'call 911.' Again we asked for the manager; again we were told that he wasn't in and no-one knew when he would be back on duty. I love NYC and am determined that this experience will not put me off but, rest assured, that any future stays will certainly not involve the Grant Hotel.	
Dec 4 2006	The hotel without the hotel sign	This hotel does not have a sign outside the building stating that it is indeed a hotel. It is however a very well priced , very clean &quot;hotel&quot;. I believe rooms on some of the floors are rented long term as many of the people in the lift spoke Spanish only. Everything was clean and the staff were very helpful. Nice neighbourhood also.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great value!	I was afraid to stay here because of the mixed reviews, but the throwaway price ($190 with tax for 3 nights) convinced me to give it a try. My fear was misplaced. The Grant (also known as The Devon) is one of the best travel bargains I have ever gotten. The room was clean and reasonably appointed (about the quality of an older &quot;motel&quot;). I hate hotel room odors of any sort, and my room ranked way better than average, with only a very slight 'small room' smell that blew off as soon as I cracked the window. The shared bath was modern (more than the room), fully tiled, and well cleaned at least twice daily (again with no smell). The guests seem to consist of mostly young bargain travellers. Book on the Woogo website for the best price. Also search for a coupon (I found one pretty easily). Though the booking process was not flawless, it was resolved by staff pleasantly and efficiently.	
Nov 26 2006 	Bed bug warning	This hotel certainly offers value for money, and is in a good location only 1.5 blocks from the subway. There are also some nice restaurants a short walk up broadway (especially recommended is Regional, just a short walk up broadway for a lovely Italian)The bathrooms were also cleaned regularly and rarely had to wait at all.Unfourtunately this was all let down by the bed bugs. Having read through the reviews on this site it seems several people have experienced this as well and quite a few havent so seems to me this is not a hotel wide issue. We were in room 319 initially and when I complained to the reception they were more than happy to move us and didn't seem phased at all, so it seemed to me something they were rather used to. We were moved to room 510, and I think the bugs were in there too as i ended up with an arm and upper body covered in bites which become quite inflamed and required me to visit a doctor after leaving New York for treatment.My advice overall would be to avoid this hotel just incase, and if you are offered room 319 or 510 make sure you change straight away - the staff didn't seem like they were going to do anything about getting rid of them in our first room!	
Nov 22 2006 	worth the price especially if you book through expedia	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night and it was great. I booked it through expedia so it was a lot cheaper than calling the hotel directly or using hotels.com. ($50 cheaper!). The only downfall is the shared bathrooms. I never had to wait and they were fairly clean, but I would have preferred my own bathroom if I could've afforded it. It was really close to the subway, restaurants, and riverside park. It was also very quiet! You would never think you were in NYC once you actually got inside the hotel. It's perfect if you're busy all day in the city and just want a quiet, warm place to sleep at night. They also had a tv with cable, but we only used it to check the weather.	
Nov 14 2006 	Great deal perfectly fine hotel	We went to NYC for the weekend to see the Dane Cook show. I went with my two friends and my boyfriend. We got two double beds in one room for $148/night. I tried to lower their expectations, I had read mixed reviews on this website. I told them we would have to share a bathroom in the hallway and they all thought we were staying in a hostel. Anyway, we arrived...the front lobby kind of smells &quot;old&quot; but not gross or anything, just old. It was an old building and reminded me of my grandma's apartment in Chicago. The elevator is pretty small but really, that is one of the only complaints I have! The room was clean, the AC worked great, the tv had a bunch of channels but really, we only wanted a place to sleep, we spent most of our time out shopping or on the town. We brought extra sheets, but I didn't use mine. I did bring a towel though, make sure you do that, the towels they provide are very small. Overall, everyone praised my decision, said I did such a good job finding a cheap hotel that was clean, and comfortable. I would absolutely stay there again. And no, I don't work for the hotel (my friends all said the good reviews on this website probably came from the people that work there) but I disagree since the staff doesn't really speak English that well. If you want an affordable place to stay choose here. It's about a 10 minute cab ride from Times Square or about 15 min on the subway, which is right up the street. Definitely reccommend it!!!	
Nov 12 2006	Clean and friendly staff	I always wanted to visit New York so in April of this year I decided to go with my mum. Having booked everything through Expedia and looked at the Hotel pictures and reviews it seemed ideal. When we arrived we were welcomed by the friendly staff, who took a short time just to take details and we were given our key.There was ample space in the room, massive cupboard and more importantly it was very clean. The rooms were cleaned daily. We were on a floor with I think 6 other rooms and granted you could hear everyone opening and shutting doors but the noise was kept to a minimum.Shared bathroom was immaculate but we had to get up before 6 am to get a shower otherwise it was after 10 before we got in.In all I had no problems with my stay at this hotel.	
Nov 5 2006 	bedbugs ruin an otherwise good place	Stayed one nite--woke up to bug bites--not the worse i've experienced, but still not good. otherwise, place was pretty nice. Can't go back b/c bedbugs will bite!	
Nov 1 2006 	Top budget hotel	We have just returned from 5 nights stay at the Grant Hotel New York..The rooms were a good size ( 2 double beds), lots of tv stations (we even got to watch lost series 3!) and a big cupboard to put all our cases and shopping in!! Compared to other places we have stayed in New York it was brill (West side Inn aka crappy side Inn)When we arrived we found the bathrooms to be very clean and water always hot. the only times the bath rooms were left in a mess was when the other people left it without cleaning up after themselves usually at peak times morning and night (ignore previous bad reviews stating cockroaches etc as we found it to be absolutely fineNot far from the station at all 2 blocks (2 mins), and the dinner on broadway near the hotel is fab for breakfasts.would recommend getting a metro rail card to get round the city and $21 7 day unlimited its a barginwe took the advice of others and took a cheap pillow each from the pound shop and they came in very handy, hotel supplies towels but we took cheap ones and left them there too.looks like the hotel has been recently renovated looking at the top floor which is being done at the moment.be prepared for a bit of a wait for the bathrooms in the morning but thats to be expected (there are 3 on each floor)all in all a good hotel and we would definately return in the future	
Oct 28 2006 	sleepless in manhattan	This hotel is not exactly a hotel - it's more of a b&amp;b without the breakfast or a campground without the tents or a hostel without sufficient facilities. There isn't so much as a lobby, just a counter in the hallway. There are only two one-person-bathrooms per floor which means you might not have the opportunity to use a bathroom for a long time, and when you got the opportunity make sure you bring your own toilet paper and your flip flops as the floor might be flooded.At night it can't be calm as the a/c was fitted in the window in an improvised way. No view, a lot of noises.All in all too much too bear to pay $160 per night (October 23, 2006).One-star-rating for not meeting roaches or bedbugs! (Half-star-rating wasn't possible)	
Oct 26 2006 	Surprise surprise	&quot;When you spend as little as 75 bucks for a night in Manhattan, you get a bit scared and expect the least. But none of it comes true: The Grant Hotel is a positive surprise. The room was very clean and spacious. TV and A/C - now what else do you need? Okay, here's the disadvantage: You have to share the bathroom (which is very clean as well). Now that shouldn't be a problem as long as you are not on a romantic honeymoon trip or stay longer than two or three nights. Staff was very friendly. And if you want to get away from lovely Upper west Side: The subway is just two blocks away.&quot;	
Oct 23 2006 	Great hotel for the price	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The staff at this hotel is very friendly and very helpful which is a plus. Probably the nicest hotel staff I've seen. The lobby has a snack and soda machine as well as a computer with high speed internet access. To use the computer it cost $2 for 20 minutes which isn't bad if you're wanting to get on to check your email.The rooms itself were clean however during our stay we did find 3 cockroaches in our room. I saw on some of the reviews of this hotel that people mentioned it having a roach problem so I was kind of expecting this. 2 of them were climbing up the walls and 1 was inside our dresser drawer. There wasn't much of a view at all...We had 2 windows in our room...the first window was looking at a brick wall which was maybe 5 feet away and the 2nd window was also looking at a brick wall from about 15 feet away. Overall we were happy with the room itself except for the roaches.The main issue I had with staying at this place is that there is a shared bathroom. There are 8 rooms on each floor and only 2 bathrooms. I always made sure to take a shower either at night or I would wake up early at around 5:30am and didn't have any problems gaining access to it. There was a few times during the day however when I really needed to use the bathroom and both bathrooms were occupied for a long time. The bathrooms at times were kind of dirty. I'm sure they were cleaned regularly but when you are sharing a bathroom with 4 other rooms it's probably hard for them to keep it clean. I always made sure to wear flip-flop sandles whenever I went in there. A lot of times there would be wet towels on the ground where people had taken a shower as well as hairs on the ground and inside the tub. There was always toilet paper but there was no hand soap available whatsoever so you need to bring your own.Overall I was really happy with this place. We paid about $75 a night which is cheap for Manhattan. The hotel was only 2 blocks from the 96th Street Subway Terminal which was really great too...Time Square was only about 10 minutes away via the subway. There was a couple of diners nearby as well as a McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts which was great for breakfast. There was also two 24 hour grocerie stores open where you could pick up a few things. The neighborhood itself was very safe.I'd say if you're on a budget and are just looking for a place to sleep then the Grant Hotel is perfect. It doesn't really make sense to spend hundreds of dollars on a room because it's New York and you are obviously going to be out walking around for most of the day looking at all of the tourist sites. The next time I go back to New York I'll definitely stay here again.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great Find for a Budget Hotel	Excellent find in a great safe neighborhood close to subway. The room I had was a double for my single rate and it wasvery clean a few amenities, nice towels etc. The bathroomsare shared but they are one person only b&amp; sh in one. Iwould stay here again. I did find a $71 rate on line whichwas a rare find.It's higher most of the time.Desk staff alsovery friendly.	
Oct 18 2006 	Good cheap option	I needed one night and it had to be cheap. I didn´t want to go to a hostel and sleep with some bugs. So I checked on Expedia and I got a great rate on this hotel and was very plesently supriced to find it clean. We had some problem checking in but worked out at the end.	
Oct 17 2006 	Good for the price	Woogo Devon/Grant Hotel - 306 W 94thI was pretty good for a budget hotel.. you do get what you pay for. There have been some pretty bad reviews for this place but I don't think they're justified. Maybe there was a change in management? The staff are friendly and helpful, the room was really clean and the bathrooms as well most of the time. We had two shared (but fully private) bathrooms on our floor and during the week we stayed there only had to wait once for a free one I think.We arrived at 7am and they were happy to store our luggage until checkin time (2pm) free of charge.Pretty handy location - 1,2 and 3 trains stop on Broadway which is less than 30sec walk away. Lots of dining options closeby if you need.They've got one comp with internet access down by the lobby $10c a minute I think, and if you've got a laptop + network cable you can get net access directly in you room for $10 midday to midday.Negatives - they don't take cash, so if you want to pay for the net, book an extra night or whatever, it's all gotta go on a credit card. Also, when we left the card on the door handle to have the room made up, twice we came back to our room later in the day to find it unlocked. And lastly - can be a bit noisy (other guests' doors - you'll see what I mean!), so take earplugs if you wanna get a good night's sleep.	
Oct 17 2006 	Good for the price - great location	The hotel is an excellent location on 94th Street, between West End Avenue and Riverside Drive (and the park). It's less than 2 blocks from Broadway and is convenient to the subway station at 96th and Broadway. Plenty of restaurants and fast food places on Broadway and there's a 24 hour Gristede's (supermarket) on 95th. You can get excellent tacos from a late night taco truck, which parks on 95th (between Broadway and West End Avenue) in front of Gristede's.I had made reservation online, the night before arrival. They had received it and there was no problem with check-in.Room was quite plain and although there is a window, it was dark as it didn't face the street. On sunnier days, I imagine it can be brighter if you let in daylight by opening the blinds a bit.But it had a double bed and a small window AC so room was larger than I expected, with a desk and chair. The closet space had no racks, poles or hangers. The bedside lamp would've brightened up the room, however, it wasn't working. TV has basic cable channels but I think someone had made off with the remote control or it was misplaced somewhere. I couldn't find it.The shared bathroom was clean. If the one closest to the room was occupied, there was another across the hallway that was open.I saw workmen in the building so they must be remodeling or decorating rooms. I've stayed at similar hotels in NYC in the past and was surprised to find that housekeeping hadn't supplied new towels or make the bed the second day but I decided it wasn't a big deal since I was only there for 2 nights.I would consider staying there again if I could book at the super-low rate I got for Oct. 3rd and Oct. 4th, 2006.	
Oct 12 2006	Cheap but sort of crappy	Having stayed at a nicer budgey hotel in NYC recently (Hotel 17 off of Union Square), the Grant Hotel was a complete letdown. The bathroom was sort of gross and dirty the whole time I was there, the room was dingy, and the hotel staff messed up my reservations and gave me the key to a room where someone was asleep in bed. Yikes. Not pleasant at all. Also they said they had cable, but they totally didn't.	
Oct 10 2006	good value for money	this hotel is a great budget hotel, 5 minute from the subway, nice clean rooms and the bathroom, thugh shared was clean the whole time we where there , the hotel rates were really cheap and the value for money was good, i'd defenetly go there again on a budget trip...	
Oct 2 2006 	Exceeded expectations!	This is my 3rd 'budget' hotel experience in NYC (look for my other 2-Mount Royal Hotel and Belnord Hotel). I'd say this is by far better in terms of space area. The room we stayed at has a double bed, airconditioner, a lounge chair, a desk with chair(!), a closet, a small storage area for suitcases and stuff, and a TV encased in a cabinet with drawers to put in more stuff. We stayed for 4nights/5days and locked in a great price! The staff are quite easy to talk with. They make the bed if you say so, give extra towels if you ask. Checking in and out was a breeze! The bathroom is basic but new and clean. They give hotel soap and shampoo which are puny but so is the toiletries at a 5-star hotel!! NOW for the NEGATIVES: The internet connection to your room is about $11 a day plus you gotta have your own cable wire to plug to your notebook (they don't have it and buying it at compUSA cost us $20!!). The shared bathroom has a short wait time between 8am-9am when most people start their day. The towels are more like handtowels in size! We brought our own towels, robes, flipflops, beddings/pillowcases and AIR FRESHENER!! The carpet is soooo old that it's musty and stinks a lil bit at night!If you're only staying overnight, you'd probably NOT notice and care about the negatives. I did because I stayed longer and I'd rather have my own clean towels and sheets... The hotel is only two blocks from Broadway on 94th, get a cab there to Times square and pay an average of $10 including tip. From times square just walk your way around. Because everything else is expenisve in New York, this is STILL the smart choice for a place to just sleep in. I'd definitely go back and recommend it to others.	
Sep 30 2006 	The Grant Hotel is Great Place to Stay!!!!	I travel to NYC about 1-2 times a year just to hang out and see the sights. I stayed at the Grant Hotel the last week of August 2006 while attending the U.S. Open. I am very accustomed to the budget hotel offerings ($125/night or less) in New York which means that the rooms are going to be on the small side and you will probably be sharing a bathroom. I lucked out and got a room at the Grant for under $80/night so I was a little concerned at what I was in for. I arrived at about 3:00 in the morning because flights were detained for about 5 hours in Atlanta for radar/security reasons. The desk clerk was very helpful and turned out to be one of the nicest hotel clerks I've come across. He assured me that the room was ready, should be to my liking and if not, to let him know. I was a bit confused because I'd never heard anyone say something like that in a budget hotel in New York. I was just hoping for a basic room that was clean with no bugs. Well, I rounded the corner to my room which was on the first floor. The hallway had nice carpeting, wooden mouldings that looked fairly new, and was brightly lit. The room was---the same---with a decent full sized bed, modern furnishings w/ pictures on the wall, a 19&quot; TV mounted from the ceiling, a small closet and another small room that I would have guessed was originally designed to be a private bathroom although not built out as such. This was THE best hotel room I have ever come across in New York City for the price and it seems to have been recently renovated. The shared bathroom was basic and clean with a small strip of a mirror. It seemed to be cleaned a few times a day but you can't really do much about the slob who won't pick up after himself and who was there 10 minutes before you. I recall there being a sign to call for housekeeping if needed but as a rule I travel with spray disinfectants and shower shoes anyhow.My biggest complaint was that there was only one terminal for pay internet access so there was frequently a line. They had wi-fi access at the hotel for a price but I didn't bring my notebook computer with me on this trip. The fan on the A/C in my room was a little loud but you could control the fan speed somewhat. My room faced an alley so there wasn't much of a view but my only need for the window was to figure out what the weather was like before venturing outside.I DID NOT SEE ANY BUGS, OF ANY KIND, WHILE I WAS THERE. I want to be clear about this because I noticed some other recent reviews that made that claim and I don't believe them. Also, the day clerks were helpful and courteous but just not as cheerful as the younger night guy. All of them seemed to be proficient in multiple languages.The hotel is located on the upper west side which is a pretty safe area with a host of grocery, drug and convenience stores, restaurants, coffee shops and banks within a 2-3 block area. The subway stop for 1 and 3 trains is about two blocks from the hotel. I'll definitely stay at the Grant Hotel again on my future trips.	
Aug 25 2006 	They ripped me off	Though I pre-booked (and pre-paid) via Woogo I was charged again by the hotel reception staff on checkout. I'm finding it difficult to get the $150 I was double charged returned. Woogo, in the UK, is NOT a 24 hour service office. I won't be using them again. Otherwise, hotel was pretty basic, but in a good enough location. They just ripped me off, that's all.	
Aug 21 2006	Great for the price!	If you're looking for a luxury hotel, this isn't the place. But if you want a clean, respectable budget hotel this one is worth looking at. Although in an older building with a very small, slow elevator, the rooms have been nicely updated and are fairly spacious. The bed was very comfortable, the maid service was acceptable, and we saw no bugs of any kind in the room or the washrooms. Our television and air-conditioner were almost brand new, although the latter was fairly noisy it worked extremely well on hot summer nights. The shared washrooms were also newly renovated and seemed surprisingly clean, although some careless guest clogged a toilet which had some unsanitary consequences. The number of shared washrooms was sufficient, and we rarely had to wait to get in one, even though the hotel was full. The clientele was largely European, but all seemed respectable -- this is not like a downtown YMCA or anything. The neighbourhood seemed quite reasonable, and we encountered no problems even walking the streets in the wee hours of the morning. It was only 1 1/2 blocks from the subway and 3-4 blocks from Central Park. Times Square was only about 4 subway stops away if you take the express trains 2 or 3, and about 6-7 stops on the the local train - 1. Near the subway stop you could find everything you need from restaurants (try the Key West diner), grocery stores (The Food Emporium), pharmacies, Starbucks, MacDonald's and liquor/wine stores (all within a 4-5 block area along Broadway between 92nd and 97th streets). Not only convenient, the neighborhood seems very safe. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't mind shared bathrooms and the European pensione-style hotel (We paid $75.00 US$ per night all taxes included through Expedia, although for a higher price you could have a private bathroom).	
Aug 8 2006 	more than you pay for.	Going to a hotel thats under half the price of other places was a scary idea. A few friends and i decided to take a budget trip to New york and this was by far the cheapest place we could find... we thought there would be bugs and mess everywhere because isn't there always a catch? in this case.. we could not have been more off.. we had a lovely time.. the staff was so friendly.. there was NEVER a wait for the shared bathrooms and the A/C in our rooms was WONDERFULthere were no cockroaches... or any other insects.. we were able to lock up our bags there also before we checked in and after we checked out (we had waiting time) with no hassels...the front desk clerk was helpful in finding phone numbers for us around the city as well as checking bus schedules for us online (even though there is internet access available for $$ he still did it for us!!!)if you're on a budget and just want a place to crash then this is it.. i look forward to staying there again!	
Jul 31 2006	perfect balance between price and service	Three friends stayed two nights at hotel and we pay a really good proce for the excelent service received.clean rooms, cool people, good a/c i recomend this hotel	
Jul 14 2006	A Terrible Experience in NYC (BEWARE)	I have stayed in many hotels across the globe but this was far the worst hotel in the world. Save your money and don't stay there. They don't clean there shared bathrooms and no iron &amp; ironing board in rooms as advertised.	
Jul 6 2006	Spend the extra money for something nice	I've stayed in a lot of dives over the years, but this was a new experience. It was a pretty cheap hotel, but boy you get what you pay for. The rooms are tiny, the beds are uncomfortable and the pillows are so thin slices of bread would give more padding. There are two bathrooms that are shared on each floor and that would be bearable except there are cockroaches in the bathrooms and you have kill them before you can use the facilities. The one positive thing is that it's in a great location. It's only a couple of blocks from Central Park and it's right by the 97th St. stop on the 1,2,3 lines. The staff are very friendly (although the maids are wanting to clean your room at 9am, so it's not fun if you've been out drinking).Next time I go to New York, I'm spending a few more dollars and staying somewhere nice.	
Jun 16 2006	Traveler BEWARE	There is corruption involved here, and I highly advise you go elsewhere. My son stayed here for two nights -- he extended his stay, but they wanted to charge him almost double the price of Mon/Tue for Wed so I told my son to cancel it, and go get his belongings. Upon arriving back at the hotel at 11:15am, he was informed that his things were &quot;thrown away.&quot; They searched for his things, and found his clothing, but were not able to find his cell phone charger. They also, charged our credit card for the night he cancelled, regardless of the fact he cancelled, and, they threw away his belongings. There is something VERY fishy about this place. BEWARE.	
Jun 13 2006	Refreshingly fine!		
May 26 2006	Good price. Good hotel.		
May 22 2006	Great place!		
May 20 2006	The stole my money		
May 17 2006	Do not stay here!		
May 4 2006	A Changed place		
Apr 30 2006	Great for the Price!		
Apr 19 2006	Hated this place- do not stay here!!		
Apr 18 2006	Perfect !		
Apr 3 2006	Good for the Price		
