Oct 3 2009 	Too far from the heart of New York	The main issue we have with this place is that it's not a motel / hotel set up - it's run by private owners and basically there are only 3 rooms spread throughout the terrace (not the entire terrace like what we thought was the case). Problem with that is there's no internet or phone facilties which is a real nightmare when it comes to travellers. no doubt the owners will be more than happy to help when we ask for assistance but when you are out early and back late it's not convenient to knock on their doors when you need to book that train /bus tickets late at night. Location is too far from heart of new york. While i wouldn't say it's dangerous, it's a silent brisk walk back from the train station each night and a sigh of relief when we finally get into the room. It's a 20 min train (at least) to Times Sq as it's on a non-express train. Personally i think it's a waste of time travelling up and down each day esp when you are a tourist. With this in mind the price is rather steep for such a neighbourhood.Rooms and facilities are still ok - but of course sans housekeeping so you will be better off getting a lower class hotel in the city with about the same price. Bear in mind also their cancellation policy.overall i think it's not too bad but just not my cup of tea and definitely not deserving of the reviews/ranking it has so far. i don't mind staying here if i am on a working stint but not as a tourist strap for time and needing the basic internet.	
Aug 5 2009 	a perfect place to stay	It was a very nice and peaceful place to stay. In the middle of Harlem with a grocery store at the corner where you can buy all your food. Subway at 2 minutes walk, rapid line at 10 minutes walk. Julio the owner is very nice, you can ask him everything. Everything is available in the appartment: well-equiped kitchen, terrace outside, luxury bathrooms and liviing room. The decoration is beautiful with African art. There is one big bedroom and one small bedroom, the fourth person has to sleep on the (comfortable) couch in the living room.	
Jul 25 2009 	Lovely and we felt completely safe!!	This is a wonderful chance to be in the city that never sleeps but still have your safe lovely street in Harlem!, looking like it is in an english little town. We were really surprised by this lovely guesthouse, friendly hosts and so easy to get into downtown New York! Although we stayed in Harlem, what might give you the idea that it would not be safe? We never felt unsafe at any moment, we came back late in the evening, walked through the neighbourhood, did our shopping and had nice contacts with the people.Also, in the direct neighbourhood very lovely nice, affordable, hip, restaurants!Just take the 163 street Metro and you will be in Manhattan in a short while taking the express train! We will be back!	
Jul 21 2009 	Amazing character coziness and charm!	We loved staying at Sylvan Guest House. the proprietors, the historical neighbourhood, and the inviting character of the apartment itself made our stay very memorable!Totally worth the money, and we'd definitely stay again.A great introduction to Harlem!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	I loved it and would come back anytime I'm in New York	I enjoyed my brief stay in the Studio at The Sylvan Guest House and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a safe place in a historical neighborhood. Of course it's not in midtown, but I found that as a distinct advantage.I look forward to a return to the Sylvan on my next trip to New York.	
Jul 21 2009 	The Place to stay - Sylvan Guest House	Having just returned from staying at the Sylvan Guest House as a single female, I am quite shocked to see such a review as the one before. Staying here was fun and I enjoyed every single moment relaxing in a warm, safe and comfortable environment that felt like home away from home. It felt great coming home to a place which was exactly what the photographs showed. Clean and comfortable! I would recommend The Sylvan Guest House for anyone wanting somewhere affordable to stay in New York! Also I had friends over and they didn't want to leave.....Try it for yourself!!!	
Jul 20 2009 	WONDERFUL	The Sylvan Guest House was wonderful, my family and I stayed for 7 days and is was everything and more than what we expected. The house looked exactly as the pictures in the internet which of course is the main concern of anyone traveling to any new place, but the size, service and commodities were absolutely wonderful. Julio was very cordial and needless to say the house was clean and in great conditions.I would recommend it to any big family wanting to go to NY is more conftable than a Hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	We highly recommend the Sylvan Guest House	My family (three kids - 8, 11 and 14) had a very pleasant stay at the Sylvan Guest House. We were very pleased with the historical value of the house and its very interesting and safe environment.Having a metro stop nearby and a grocery store around the corner was also a great benefit to us.Julio helped to have our car parked close by with no problems on this end.We were very comfortable and were able to host our family members for two evenings here. They were also impressed at the beauty of the place.I have no reservations in recommending the Sylvan Guest House based on our stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	Wonderful place in New York city	We stayed 4 days with my wife at 12 Sylvan Terrace, New York City. What a fantastic place!!Clean, spacious, wonderful neighborhood close the Jumel Mansion the oldest house in Manhattan (Built in 1776). It began as Colonial Roger Morris's &quot;Gentleman's Farm&quot; in colonial New York. It served as a Revolutionary War headquarters to General Washington in September and October of 1776. If you want feel you are in New York this is the place.	
Jul 2 2009 	dangerous area	close to the bronx, I didnt feel myself secure. At night do not even try to go out!the pictures of the apartment have nothing to do with the real ones... Extremly expensive.Far away from downtown... taxi cost me 30 USD.	
Mar 6 2009 	exquisitely designed townhouse	As a born and raised New Yorker and a longtime resident of Washington Heights, it was heartbreaking for me to have to give up my apartment in the neighborhood after living and loving it there for so many years. Coming upon Julio and Kenza's exquisitely designed townhouse and the historical haven of Sylvan Terrace is among the best treasures I could have ever found. The two floor, 2 bathroom, 2 bedroom, office loft with brand new modern kitchen and baths and a charming deck has become among my favorite places to land when I come home.	
