	Excellent value for money	Stayed six nights at the hotel for a price of approx. 140 $/night. With a bathroom, and with a simple breakfast. Of all the times I've been to NYC, this is by far the best value for money. The location is excellent, and a very good starting points for walks around in the city. In addition, the nearest subway is pretty close. Absolutely nothing to complain about. The room was (by my experience with NY standards) large, it was clean, and the service was good. Excellent WiFi connection.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great value	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge for a couple of nights in early October. We get a corporate discount through Choice Hotels and were able to get this hotel for a rate well below other hotels in Manhattan ($120 per night). The hotel just opened a few months ago, so the room was very clean and nice. We got a room with a queen sized bed and thought the room was big for NYC standards. The bed was really comfy, but high, and there is a nice flat screen TV in the room. The bathroom is plenty big and we didn't have any problems with the fire alarms as some of the others have.The continental breakfast suited us just fine. There are plenty of choices and it was a good start to our day before we headed out to explore the town.The location is good. Our room overlooked the Manhattan Bridge and an area park. It was fun to look out the window every morning and see the locals walking around the track! We loved being in the Chinatown area, which was an area where we'd never stayed in NYC. Two different subway stops are just a few blocks from the hotel, so it was pretty easy to get around town. One night, on our way home, we got takeout from a couple of places that had been recommended on TA - Excellent Dumpling House and Dragonland Bakery. Yum!We would have preferred to be in the midtown area, but would definitely stay at this hotel again for the difference in price.	
Oct 19 2009 	Location Price and Rooms- made the trip great!	After researching multiple hotels in NYC (many with complaints of bed bugs) I found this Comfort Inn. The reviews were all great and add to that the newness of the hotel I was sold. The hotel is on the edge of Chinatown so you'll get the full experience driving to it. The staff is great and knowledgeable about the area and directing you to subway stops, etc. The hotel is very clean and well managed. The rooms as expected were small but it was enough space for the two of us. They are nicely decorated, bathroom with modern fixtures and a divine shower head I would have taken home if I could. The only complaint I have would be the fire alarm that would go off at random times. It wasn't the full blown alarm and not terribly loud- never woke up my husband. Also, our window over looked Chrystie street which made it really loud but I also expected it to be loud in NY all the time so can't really complain about that. You get used to the honking and car alarms after a while. The price was exactly what we wanted to pay as well. Under $200 which was also a hard find in NY for a hotel as nice.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great value for money at a not-everyday but very safe location!	The location of this hotel is in Chinatown. While not as glamorous as Midtown, the area is an excellent starting point to explore the whole of Manhattan. The hotel lies central to areas like South Street Seaport, Financial District, Greenwich Village, Brooklyn Heights and Union Square which can by easily reached by subway. Midtown and Upper Manhattan also take relatively short metro rides to reach. Chinatown itself is a busy, hectic and sometimes smelly place, but all in all very safe and packed with cheap restaurants which serve great food for not much money. Trick is to go where the locals go and not let the exterior and interior of those places put you off. A ten minute walk will also get you to SoHo where you'll find great shops and good restaurants (must-go for pizza-lovers: Lombardi's). I'd advise everyone to not let the location put you off whilst deciding whether to book at this hotel. Chinatown is safe, central and cheap!Our room itself was very good. It wasn't too big but certainly not tiny either. The room was cleaned very well on a daily-base and the private bathroom was spacious and modern. The flatscreen TV also worked really well. The bed was a bit too soft for my liking, but that's personal of course. We experienced the already described &quot;fire-alarm&quot; problem once, though we must admit it was our own fault. The complimentary breakfast exists of muffins, donuts, bread, bagels, waffels, eggs and cereal. While not extremely varied, it gives you a good base to explore the city till lunchtime. The breakfast area was a bit small, but we never had to wait for a place to sit even though the hotel was fully booked on almost all our nights. The service by the hotel employees is the only thing I can think of to complain about. Except for one nice door-guy who opened the door for us and wished us a good day, we were never really recognised by any of the staff and were only greeted after we greeted them. Some of the door-guys were often found to be on their cell-phones or on the free-internet computers instead of next to the door. The girls behind the reception seemed very shy and incapable of saying hello unless triggered by our greetings. All in all, this hotel is great value for money and I would definitely recommend it. We paid $900 (including all the taxes) for 6 nights. We feel that this amount was really worth the visit.	
Oct 16 2009 	A great find at great price!	My husband and I stayed at the Manhattan Bridge Comfort Inn for six nights in October. When I first told our son, who lives in Manhattan, that I had made reservations at Chinatown hotel for $125.99 a night he thought I should cancel it. I told him we had traveled to China and so I didn't think it would be worse that that (we liked China very much by the way) and he said I might be surprised. This was was a great place to stay and my son even thought it was a great find by the end of our trip. The room was small, but very comfortable. They are doing construction in the streets in the area and the first night when we returned to the hotel there were construction lights a jackhammer breaking up the street. We were a little worried, but it wasn't all that loud in our room on the sixth floor and they stopped around 10:30. This only happened one night The staff was very helpful and the computers in the lobby were great for checking email and printing out boarding pass when it was time to leave. Breakfast consisted of toast, muffins, donuts, bagels, waffles, fruit, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee, tea and milk. My only complaint is the fire alarms. Yes, they do go off. If someone takes a shower, doesn't turn on the bathroom vent, and leaves the bathroom door open, the steam makes the smoke detector that is outside the bathroom door go off. This happened five of the six mornings we were there and twice during the night. It only buzzes a short time so they must have some way of turning it off. My concern was how we would know if the alarm was real and not just from steam. It seems like this is a problem the hotel staff could easily solve if they would put some kind of notice in the room or warn people when they check in.The streets in the neighborhood are busy and a little smelly (there are fish markets, fruit and vegetable stands, etc) but we loved the hustle and bustle and felt very safe. It is a neighborhood where real New Yorkers live so things quiet down at night.The hotel is close to subway stops and has several restaurants within walking distance that we really enjoyed. There is a Sichuan hot pot restaurant just around the corner on Canal Street that was fantastic. We have visited the Sichuan province of China and the food was authentic and great, if you like really spicy food. They only accept cash. Afterwards, go to the Chinatown Ice Cream Factory about two blocks away for some fantastic ice cream that will help put the fire out!North of the hotel on Christie Street is a great dumpling restaurant and a door or two north of that is a place that has a great $2.50 lunch special. Every time we went past there was a line out the door. We ate there once. The pork is great.If you want to find a good restaurant in the area just look in and see if the locals are eating there.Little Italy is about three blocks away and there were great Italian restaurants there.If you are catching a taxi from LaGuardia, tell the cabby to take the BQE to the Williamsburg Bridge. We didn't know this on our first trip and when asked how to get to the hotel I told him to take the fastest way. The driver took us over a toll bridge and through a lot of traffic. The fare was over $40. On the way back our son told us how to go and the fare was only $21.50.	
Oct 13 2009	Good Value	New building. Clean hotel with nicely appointed rooms, comfortable beds, flat-screen TVs, lots of cable channels (inc. HBO), great shower, etc. Two computers available in lobby with free Internet access. Friendly and helpful staff. Typical free Comfort Inn breakfast--lots of carbs (pastries, waffles, cereal, etc.) and not much else. Location in Chinatown was very interesting, but the dirty sidewalks and occasional trash might be off-putting to some. My only complaint was that the subway was about a 20-minute walk away. Overall, an excellent value and I'll stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Easy to access..	Convenient locoatio, easy access to China town, Little Italy, and subway.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel Great Price Great Location!	The hotel was a great price. I totally shopped around and this was by far the least expensive. My room had a great view of the beautiful Manhattan Bridge. It's right in Chinatown, a few blocks from Little Italy &amp; near a subway. Rooms were very clean &amp; new and complimentary breakfast with a huge variety of food.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good hotel not so great neighbourhood	Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge opened in 2008 and is, at this time of writing, still new and clean. It's a small hotel (60 rooms) with 12 floors in China Town. The only facilities are the reception, a breakfast corner and 2 &quot;free to use&quot; computers. It's an affordable hotel in New York. Breakfast is included, but there are only 4 tables (and 2 more available, no lie, in a utility room). If you'r satisfied with coffee, juice and some breadproducts, you'll be fine. Rooms are, compared to New York standard, pretty spacious. 1 or 2 queen size beds (comfortably high, I think) and a coffee/tea making facility. Advice to book a room from floor 8th and up, due to outside noise and a possible blind wall. Disadvantage (personal experience) is the neighboorhood China Town you'r in. Busy and unclean and not being directly &quot;downtown&quot;. But (2 blocks down) you'll find metro B en D nearby. +/- 20 minutes from i.e 5th Avenue/42nd Street. Restaurant TIP: Tick Tock Diner, 24/7 open underneath hotel The New Yorker (8th AVE/34 Street, metro A C E). TIP: Step away from Manhattan and visit Brooklyn! Only 1 metro stop from the hotel to reach Brooklyn. Get off metro Clark Street en walk to the Promenade, BEAUTIFUL view of downtown Manhattan!. Brooklyn has historic homes en gives you some positive small town feeling. Walk further down to Montague street (end of the Promenade). Walk back to Manhattan over the Brooklyn Bridge, nice experience. Left side of the bridge you'll find South Street Seaport: shops, boat tours en and some nice restaurants.	
Sep 25 2009 	don't listen to the others; the area is fun!	The hotel wasn't open yet at the time of booking, but I figured I couldn't go wrong: a fresh new hotel together with an acceptable pricetag.After a while the first reviews were published here on Tripadvisor, and some people thought the area was a bit of a downturn. Well, after having stayed in Midtown a week earlier, I thought this was a fun alternative! The hotel itself is basic, but very much up to modern standards: free internet computers, complementary breakfast, good ac in the room and nice flatscreen (but no fridge). Staff was helpfull and the luggage storage on our last day well organised. The size of the bed was a problem for me (way too small).My worry is how this hotel will look in a couple of years when it's not new anymore. When I had to move the sofa in the room to pick something up, I got the impression I was the first person to ever move it. Lot of dirt underneath. There was also a pill on the floor between the bedside table and the bed. Bit more attention to detail please!	
Sep 24 2009 	Clean hotel that is great value	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge for four nights on two separate occasions during a recent holiday in the US. Both rooms allocated to me were clean and fairly spacious for New York. The hotel has just opened so all the furniture and fixtures in the room were new and of good quality. The bed was very high, but comfortable and had great pillows. Breakfast is included in the room price and consisted of tea, coffee, doughnuts, muffins, cereal, fruit juice, eggs and waffles. The breakfast area was a little small, but sharing tables is a good way of meeting people.The staff were very helpful and check in and check out was easy. Chinatown is not the most fashionable area of New York, but it is safe and there are a number of subway stations close to the hotel. The first room I had at the hotel was for three nights on Level 6 and there was a little bit of street noise, which died down later in the night. The second room I had was at the back of the hotel and extremely quiet. I did set of fthe fire alarm when I had a shower, but the staff were quick to resolve this. The hotel has free internet and WIFI.My only complaint is that I wanted to leave a bag at the hotel for two nights while I went up to Toronto. I was staying back at the hotel on my return. The staff initially said that this would be OK, but I was later informed by other staff this was against their policy. Not a big issue.	
Sep 23 2009 	Rudeness of staff tarnished visit.	If you want a warm greeting from a welcoming staff. Don't expect it here. We found the entire staff to be rude. The goon at the door was intimadating and if he was suposed to be the concierge he did us a disservice with our transportation needs. Don't let this guy recommend his driver. Just take a cab. On the plus side this new hotel is in a convenient location and seems to be clean. with the exception of the staff again as I observed a male staff member using the restroom and not wash his hands. But not to worry they would never offer to shake hands any way.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good place great value	While not the easiest place to get to, the Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge is a very good value. The room was good size, especially for New York. The cleaning was thorough and the bath was among the largest we have encountered in NY. Also, the room was quiet and the entire hotel is no smoking. The breakfast was decent with the usual assortment of muffins, doughnuts, cereals, juice, and coffee and hot waffles. But the eating area is a bit crowded - to be expected. We would definitely consider this place again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good value in Manhattan	This was my first trip to New York so I wasn't sure what to expect from the hotels, having heard that you usually pay a lot for a pretty small room. This hotel was excellent value - around £90 a night for a double room, which was a good size and perfectly nice. My only comment would be that the bed is very high!The breakfast area is very small with only a few tables though we never had a problem finding space. The continental breakfast wasn't bad at all - tea, coffee, juice, bagels, donuts (seriously, who eats donuts for breakfast?), toast, muffins and waffles which you make yourself with a ready made mixture and a waffle iron.The fire alarm did go off a couple of times while we were there (not at night, luckily) but nobody seemed to be leaving their rooms, so I phoned down to reception and was told the alarms are very sensitive and were probably set off by the steam from someone using the shower!The hotel also has two computers and printers in the reception area which are free to use; very helpful as we wanted to check in for our flight online and print our boarding card.The hotel is on a busy street in Chinatown; it seemed a safe enough area even at night and there is a subway station (Grand Street) only a few minutes walk away.There was one other thing I should mention. After my first night in the bed I woke up with bites all down one side of my body. I don't know if they were from bed bugs but I don't know how else I could have got them, it had been raining that day so I was fully covered up when I went outside. My boyfriend however wasn't bitten. So I'm not going to write a horrible review saying this hotel has bed bugs but I did want to mention it in case anyone else finds the same thing happens to them.	
Sep 2 2009	clean hotel best deal in downtown	I was taking my daughter to start her freshman year at NYU. Staying at the CI Manhattan Bridge was a great experience. Clean, new rooms, staff was very helpful. A continental breakfast with Belgium waffles(you make yourself). Near everything only 1 mile from her dorm room. it's in China Town, but I have visited NYC for 23 years and I love the bustle of that area. Walking distance to Little Italy. A great Chinese place down a few blocks at 85 Chyrstie street. Room was very good size for NY, quiet, had a view of Manhattan Bridge.Little market (7/11 type ) if you need a soda or snacks 2 doors away.	
Aug 22 2009 	Inscrutably worthwhile	The neighborhood in which this brand-new hotel is located is certainly a lively one: the starting point for low-fare out-of-town bus trips to Boston, Niagara Falls, etc.. In addition, the rich swirl of Chinatown is in all directions; just out the front door. In contrast, my clean-as-a-whistle guest room was a comfortable, 10th-floor hideaway of repose and tranquility, with a larger-than-usual room for New York City with king-sized bed, an ample bath, a large flat-screen TV, WiFi, an easy chair and a desk with office-type swivel chair. I was initially concerned about whether this hotel's location on the Lower East Side would interfere with my plans to visit other parts of Manhattan. But I found that its proximity to Canal Street, to public transit and walkability to Little Italy, Lower Broadway, St. Marks Place, etc. allayed most of my fears. Even parking was efficiently handled (for $30 overnight) a half-a-block away in a Chrystie St. garage. One downside: the single elevator can be a bit annoying. One hopes that management keeps it in good repair. This hotel is an amazing bargain in a city with few bargains. I would gladly return.	
Aug 13 2009 	More than I expected	Stayed in a room located on the 10th floor. The room is overlooking the Manhattan Bridge and the financial district. It is not the million dollar view, but no complain from me. It was clean other than there were a few odd-looking stains found in the bathtub. The only issue I had with this establishment was the mattress. It was rather high compared to other bed I slept before. The mattress is stacked on top of a mattress box, but the catch is that there is another metal box stacked under that very item. Literally had to jump on the mattress when I went to bed. Please note the room is small, and the management crammed one bureau, a coffee table, a sofa chair, and two bedside tables in a really small room. However, the ceiling is quite high compared to other establishments I stayed before, so it was spacious horizontally but not vertically. WIFI is complementary, but I did not get a chance to visit the gym.The room is small, but heck it is Manhattan. Convenient access to various neighborhoods i.e. SOHO, NOLITA, Little Italy, C-Town, Tribeca, and even Alphabet City. The closest subway station is Grand Street (B/D train), which is a two minute walk from the place. Breakfast is complimentary, but don't expect it to be fancy. There are so many eating venues located near the hotel, and there is a Whole Food located about 5 to 7 blocks away (Corner of Chrystie and Houston).	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice hotel in a so-so location	This is a nice, new hotel that was a good value for the money. The rooms were a bit small, but it's NYC. However, the cleanliness of the room, free wi-fi, and free breakfast made up for the size. The only major strike against the hotel is its location. Located in the heart of Chinatown, the atmosphere around the hotel is chaotic and smelly. It's a short walk to the South Seaport, obviously Chinatown, Brooklyn Bridge, etc., but anytime you want to get to Midtown, you have to take the subway or a cab, which was inconvenient.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great value off the beaten track	We just returned from an excellent stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan Bridge in Manhattan's Chinatown. If you are willing to stay outside of midtown, this is certainly a good option. The price can't be beat ($104 a night, including a basic continental breakfast), the staff are pleasant, the hotel is brand new (and clean) and there are many interesting things to see within walking distance (Little Italy, Financial District, Soho, Ground Zero, Brooklyn Bridge, Staten Island Ferry, etc.) Don't be put off by the hotel being in Chinatown. Sure, the neighborhood is slightly chaotic, but the hotel itself is modern and quiet. When we wanted to go to midtown, we jumped on the subway for 2.50 each and were in Times Square in 4 or 5 stops. It was easy as pie. Otherwise it will be a 10-15$ cab ride.As for parking, there is a garage 1 block away that charges $30 a day. For $130 a day you have a clean and modern (...and compact) room, breakfast and parking. I don't think you can do much better than that.	
Jul 31 2009 	New and cheap in Chinatown	This is a new hotel just around the corner from Canal Street at the foot of the Manhattan Bridge. Basic accommodation with free breakfast and wi-fi. Small lobby with two computers for guest use. Some rooms probably have good views above the fifth or sixth floor. Situated across the street from a high school playground. Very active street during the day but becomes eerily quiet as Chinatown shuts down at night. Plan your food and drink accordingly. Easy access to several subway lines. We apparently threw their system into chaos when we tried to add an extra night to our existing reservation. We arrived to find that we had no reservation at all, despite being given not one, but two confirmation numbers, both of which showed as cancelled at check-in. I can only assume this was an isolated incident, along with the fire alarm that blared twice during our three-night stay at 9:30 and 3:30 in the morning, despite, thankfully, a lack of fire.Just to balance out these growing pains, we were given a spacious, wheelchair-accessible room that had a truly large bathroom, though I wondered why the bed, although very comfortable, sat so high off the floor in a room designed for physically-challenged guests.All we needed was a clean, comfortable and convenient place to sleep. At $104 before taxes per night AAA rate, this accommodation was an excellent value.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
