Nov 3 2009 	Comfortable hotel with great customer service	We travelled to New York with our 8 month old son and felt when we booked we would need cooking amenities and this hotel provided all we would need and more. They were extremely helpful from the moment of arrival to the moment of departure, including directing us to a great diner nearby and changing the crib they provided for a smaller size (american cribs are very large) they gave us a bassinette which is a travel cot! The front of house staff were always very friendly, no matter what time of day or night and the maid service were superb and catered for our family's needs very well. Although there is work on a new subway branch going on nearby I would certainly not let this put you off staying here as it did not bother us at all as and we were on the side of the work and on a lower floor. Although it is located a little further out than a central location like Times Square, the nearby subway meant that nowhere was further away than 20 minutes at the most.	
Oct 27 2009 	Stay where people live in New York City!	We stayed while in New York as tourists for 3 nights. There were 6 of us and had a 3 bedroom, 3 bath unit. It was spacious and very comfortable. We had a small kitchen with everything we needed. It had a balcony and lots of windows to see all sides of New York. We could see the Empire State Building in the distance from our bedroom. The staff was very helpful, assisted us with getting downtown and getting a car service back to the airport. The building that is used for residential and rental so very quiet.It is on the Upper East Side, where the people live. Bagel Shop, restaurants, grocery store, ice cream, drug stores, you name it and it was close by. We took the Subway downtown and it was very easy, convenient and interesting. If you want to be out late in the hustle and bustle of downtown this is NOT where you want to stay. We wanted to be able to have a large comfortable room, go out all day and come back in the evenings and relax. It was perfect for that.	
Oct 16 2009 	Luxury way up on the Upper East side!	Having stayed at one of the chain's Istanbul properties, I was happy to get a good deal on this upscale hotel. The professional staff and spotless room made for a great mid-week stay. Even on the 8th floor, I had a neat city view. I prefer neighborhoods like this one although it is not in convenient walking distance to much of interest. Cabs can be expensive.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great stay at Marmara	I originally booked a studio on Priceline. When I got to the Marmara, I found out the studio was on the 5th floor facing 2nd Ave which is currently undergoing street construction, therefore rather noisy. After one night I requested a different unit and while they did not have any studios available, the staff offered to upgrade me to a one-bedroom on the 9th floor for only $4.00 more per night. I must say upgrade was totally worth it! The studio was a little cramped, but the one-bedroom was huge (by NYC standards), with a tv in both the bedroom and living room, full kitchen, a nice dining area, 2 big closets, a fax/printer/copy machine, and lots of counter and table space to spread out. As others have reviewed the staff was very helpful and courteous and knew my name after one day. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the many extras that are included in the hotel price: free internet access (typically $15-20 a day in most hotels), the New York Times delivered to your door each morning, a welcome package of coffee and tea, and, when I inquired at the front desk about laundry facilities, a token for a free wash/dry! I would absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good hotel friendly staff.	We stayed for four nights in September. We used it as a base for exploring New York. The best facility this hotel offers is the Kitchenette, which means you can relax without the need to constantly eat in restaurants or diners. The room was clean and very spacious. The area was slightly run down, and we noticed some unsavoury looking characters around the first night but not really a problem. Main drawback was that there was a lot of noise from the street.	
Oct 4 2009 	So much room	I was pleasantly surprised by the size of this place. It was our first place in New York City after a long haul from Australia. We got a great deal on Wotif.com (for NYC) and this was a one bedroom apartment with everything supplied. The bed was particularly comfortable and the staff friendly. It was clean with a full kitchen if you like to cook. I highly recommend this hotel in the upper East side. Its a kind of residential area which is nice. Superb vegetarian restaurant - Candle Cafe - close by. Stay here if you can its so much better and three times the size of anything else in NYC! Only shame was the construction of a subway station outside the hotel! But still worth it.	
Oct 2 2009 	great place	We had a one bedroom arpartment at the Marmara. It was a very nice place to stay. We were very happy with the Marmara because we got great value for money having paid about US$234 a night for three nights. For this we got a large one bedroom apartment which included a good sized loungeroom, and kitchen. It was clean and in a quite location on th Upper East Side. It was the best of the four places we stayed in over a couple of weeks in NYC by far but I think that's because of the price. If we had to pay another $100 a night for it I think our view would be different. The staff were all exceptionally friendly and charming and helpful, the best we encountered.	
Oct 1 2009 	Felt like I was a native New Yorker!	I don't need a 6 star hotel to be happy, but I am picky. I loved staying in the Marmara!One of the things that I look for is good communication before I stay in a hotel. To say the Marmara doesn't disappoint is an understatement! I had looked at the rates on the site and was pleased to see that I could get a studio suite for less than a single bedroom with shared bathroom midtown. I don't know New York well though and wanted to know how easy it would be to get to Columbia-Presbyterian (W 168th St) and NYU Medical Center (E 33rd Street). I emailed and got a response the same day from the wonderful Neslihan. She gave me a full rundown of transport options. She then offered a free upgrade to a one bed suite if I wanted to book. I did! A while later I emailed to ask if I could have some online shopping delivered. No problem. If it arrived before I did they would hold it.So:Location: Some people wouldn't like being well up the Upper East Side (technically Yorkville really) but I was glad I was there. The hotel is on 94th Street and 2nd Avenue and easily accessible by subway-stop is on 96th street. Every time I strolled around 34th street I was glad I was living away from the crazy throngs of tourists. The area around the Marmara is far more residential and you kind of get to feel like you're living in New York. There are plenty of grocery and drugstores nearby, ranging from expensive ones like Dean and Deluca to the cheap and cheerful Pioneer/C-Town and midrange Gristedes and D'Agostinos. I made many trips to Crumbs, Glasers and Two Little Red Hens bakeries also. Very close to Guggenheim, Whitney and Met. It's a few blocks east to Central Park where you can go for lovely runs around the reservoir.... I'm missing it already!Check-in: I arrived early but they managed to find me a room straight away. They had kept a package for me...and knew before I asked. It was swift and the guy on the desk was really friendly.Room: Well, it was an apartment really! I was on the 18th floor. Large bedroom with TV and loads of storage. Bed was quite hard but I got used to it. Couldn't sleep with street noise first night but managed every other night so it may have been due to being over-tired at the start. There was a full kitchen with a massive fridge, and everything you could need-utensils, plates, cups, plates, saucepans etc. Even sealable Pyrex bowls. I particularly liked it that there was a dishwasher...and they provided detergent, washing-up liquid and rubber gloves. Nice touch! There was a little pack with 2 bottles of water, coffee, tea, creamer and sweeteners also. Living room comfy with TV, DVD player and fax machine/copier. Everything spotlessAmenities: Small fitness room with some weights, elliptical, treadmill, bikes, rower and TV. More than adequate and never full. There's also a laundry room with a few washers and dryers. Didn't have to wait for a machine. Cute little gallery in lobby which was lovely to see when you arrive in the door. There's also a laptop set up there with internet access, as well as free WiFi in the rooms. No restaurant but loads outside and they deliver.Staff: Wonderful. I was greeted with a hello and a smile every single time I entered or left. Both the doormen and the front desk staff were charming and exceedingly helpful. Heard them giving extensive area advice to guests and they accepted all my deliveries and made sure I got them. A car was organised to bring me to the airport and they also printed out my boarding pass for me!Downsides: Slow elevators. Bit noisy... These would in no way prevent me from staying here again! So so happy with my decision.	
Oct 1 2009 	Perfect and great service	Stayed with freinds in September and we were all very pleased with the service and the room witch was big clean and very nice. We stayed four nights in a one bedroom luxery apartment, and one night i the penthouse wich was absolutely briliant, you sould try one night there the views and size of the room and terrace was much more than expected.We also recieved graet service from the front desk through out our stay.We Will stay at the Marmara Suites when we come to NY next time.John From Denmark	
Sep 26 2009 	Great value for NYC accomodation	First trip to NYC and stayed in hotel in Tribeca first then at Marmara - the latter was much better, and much better value at the same price. You can go cheaper if willing to share a bathroom, but I was so not going there! Huge suite (larger than my apartment in Sydney), full kitchen, aircon, nice and quiet, all amenities (two full bathrooms!) and balcony at Marmara vs small room with no frig in Tribeca for the same $$$. Actually did happy dance in foyer once the bellman left after bringing me up to the room.Friends warned me the Upper East Side was a bit far from 'the action', but is two blocks from subway and NYC public transport is so good you can get anywhere quickly with a Metrocard. There are also plenty of restaurants/cafes/etc close by and a short walk to Central Park, Met, shopping on 5th Ave, etc.Am used to staying at Westin/Hyatt for work so have high standards. Worst things that happened were towel rail fell off (easily fixed) and needed new wine opener (quickly supplied) - great welcome to NYC. There is road works happening outside on 2nd Ave - common in NYC - but no noise during night.	
Sep 20 2009 	A very good hotel at a good price	We had a good sized one-bedroom suite, nicely decorated in modern style. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, etc. TV in both sitting room and bedroom. Huge closet with shelves in bedroom. Very clean. No complaints whatsoever about the hotel. We weren't as pleased with the location--the hotel was surrounded by construction (subway?). It was several blocks to the nearest subway, and a taxi trip to downtown cost $20. There were some good nearby restaurants--we liked Nick's Restaurant ( across the street because of the construction) which serves very generous proportions of Italian food --an excellent choice for families. We enjoyed breakfast at the Barking Dog restaurant, a couple of blocks up the street, which is also good for lunch.	
Sep 15 2009 	A wonderful place to stay!	We had the great luck to book a two-night stay at the Marmara Manhattan after our search for accomodations at the more &quot;traditional&quot; hotels didn't bear fruit. For $225.00 a night, we had a one bedroom, two bath suite on the 28th floor with great city views. The suite had a living room, dining area and full kitchen, entry hall, two full baths and a large bedroom with a king-size bed. There were two televisions and windows surrounded all of the exterior walls. There was also a printer/copier/fax in the room for our use. The staff, including the doorman and the front desk people were very courteous and welcoming. This hotel was truly a find if you have a reason to stay in this upper east-side neighborhood.	
Sep 6 2009 	Amazing!!!	I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NY! It was amazing!	
Sep 4 2009 	Great value w great views	You get spacious rooms at low prices, with great views on the higher floors. Why? The hotel is out of the way in Manhattan and the chain does not spend a lot on advertising. It is part of a Turkish hotel chain. Go for a high floor due to the subway construction on Second Ave. and 94th - just below. You are still only about 15 minutes from the Met and Mueseum Mile and the hospital area. Great reasonably priced restaurants nearby include - Ital (Nicks), Hunan (Chef Hos), Szechuan (Wu Liang), Fr Alsatian (Cafe Alsace), Peruvian (Pio Pio), Steak &amp; Fish (Parlor), American and Bakery (Corner Bistro and Bakery and Sarabeths). A printer and Wifi in each room.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Value at the Marmara Manhattan	My wife, 4.5 yr old daughter and I stayed for 3 nights in a 14th floor, 1 BR standard suite @ $167 per night including taxes and fees. Pluses were the full sized kitchen, very roomy BR, nice bedding, pull-out couch, a good sized bath, free Wi-Fi, and overall cleanliness. Tons of storage space and the corner suite provided amazing views of the East River and NYC. The location was within pretty easy walking distance to museums, Central Park and subway stations. The furniture, including TV weren’t new but they were very serviceable. On the down side, with all the windows and subway construction below, it was a bit noisy but you’re in NYC after all. Also, the front desk wanted to charge us $35 per night to make up the sleeper couch but we pointed out that the reservation was clearly for 3 people and that there was no mention of the extra bedding charge when the reservation was made. They agreed to waive the charge without too much squabbling. We’ve stayed at other all-suite hotels in Manhattan and this was by far the best value of the bunch. Would highly recommend it and definitely stay there again.	
Sep 2 2009 	!	Firstly Thankyou to Nestleh and the other staff for making our stay so welcoming. We came over to New York from the UK for a 5 night break and we loved the Marmara. We found all staff were very accomodating indeed. We made a request in advance for a certain room spec and Nestleh was able to deliver exactly what we asked - How could we ask for more than that! so thankyou Nestleh! - therefore making our stay very positive from the start. New Yorkers to our surprise were very polite! - shocking I know, but we found the New Yorkers in town much more friendly than most Brits in London etc!. They are very friendly indeed - like to talk in lifts etc rather than us Brits who hold back from talking! Rather than brash, we found the New Yorkers we met talked very straight and to the point! there was no beating around the bush and we liked that! It isn't really a hotel in the traditional sense, ie there is no bar for example. but it is a 32+ storey complex with a chandelier in the lift! We had a gorgeous high suite room complete with dishwasher cooker fridge- massive bed too - about 7ft wide! 2 tvs, it was more of an apartment than a room (about 500 sq ft.!) ..and gave us a good idea of the lifestyle that condo living may entail in NY. The area is safe and full of New york Charm with restaurants and Delis. Out Taxi driver on the way back drove like a maniac but thats another story....We were a little concerned when he took us on a shortcut through a real rough part of Harlem...with cars on bricks and gangs on corners - but he got us to JFK in the end...... If you see a guy in Times square asking you to come to stand up NY club on 78 and broadway- he sells the tickets but doesnt mention you have to buy 2 full price drinks in the club which the cheapest are around 10 dollars each! Have a good time - and enjoy the Marmara!!!!! remember to tip the staff they will appreciate it and reward you with excellent service!! You might want to try citysights (blue tour buses) rather than the red bus guys as they were far cheaper over 5 days.....try to get a discount too! we did! its a good way to get around. taci to time square area will cost about 12 dollars with tip ENJOY, but have your wits about you in town too!	
Aug 25 2009 	Upper East Side comfort	This is my absolute favorite place to stay in NYC. I prefer the neighborhood feel of staying on the Upper East Side. There are wonderful little speciality grocery stores and deli's with in a short distance from the Marmara. There are also several very good restaurants within walking distance. I drove in to help a family member move and there were two enclosed garages within a block of the hotel. We were on the 15th floor with a beautiful view of the Hudson. This unit was a full apartment with 1 and 1/2 baths. It suited our needs perfectly. The staff is friendly and always available to help with any request. There is subway construction going on at the 2nd Ave. side but, we only heard construction noise later in the day. It was not a problem at night or early morning. The spaciousness of the units make this the perfect place to stay with extended family.	
Aug 25 2009 	Noisy	We've stayed at the Marmara for 2 nights and it were 2 noisy sleepless nights.The room was OK although we made the reservation telling them we needed the sofabed. We arrived at midnight with two children who were very tired and the bed wasn't made.There we're works in progress in the street below and the glass of the room was very thin, so it was like sleeping on the pavement.We asked for another room, but they told us we just had bad luck.So: never again.This year I'm gonna try the Avalon Vincci.	
Aug 10 2009 	A Fine Place Far from the maddening crowds	I made reservations directly with the hotel and qualified for the AAA/AARP discount. Though I requested a studio for my three night stay, I was upgraded to a one bedroom unit, a pleasant surprise. The unit was spacious and clean with a full kitchen including equipment not normally found in a rental. My request for a 'higher floor' stay was honored . I had known about the ongoing NYC infrastructure construction going on and was very pleased that I was high above it. Request for maintenance was quickly responded to.	
Aug 1 2009 	Not happy here	I will not come back to the Marmara. I couldn't get a reservation for a room for my whole stay so had to check out and check back into another room. I was expecting this but I wasn't expecting to have to wait in the lobby for 4 hours before I was allowed to check back in. I was told I had to be checked out at 11 am - no exceptions and was not allowed to check back in until official check in of 3 p.m. I even had a cat with me and medication that needed to stay refrigerated and they still wouldn't let me in my room. When I checked out I was overcharged and told that their online reservation system didn't calculated the tax correctly and there was nothing they could do about it. The WIFI internet access barely worked. The connection would only work for a few minutes before the connection was lost. The bed was as hard as a rock and when I asked for a room with a better bed I was told there was nothing available. I would mention good points but I can't think of any.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Value	We recently stayed for 4 nights - good location for attending conference at Mt. Sinai Hospital. Very spacious, big closets, very clean except for the outside windows - must have been years since they were washed. Entire hotel seems quite dated. We did not have any special requests of the staff, but they were all very friendly. Many good restaurants in area, every block has several. Easy walk to Central Park, museums. Internet available in lobby, but painfully slow connection.	
May 18 2009 	LOVE this place!	Everything about this property is perfect. easy to get to, wonderful, friendly and helpful staff, amazing location, views best in the city, 32nd floor penthouse was the most luxurious room I have stayed in for many years. I could not say enough about my one day stay, except that it was way too short!	
Apr 21 2009 	felt like home!	Last summer we decided to renew our apartment and we stayed at the Marmara for 2 months while our house was getting redecorated. Our stay was one of the best hotel-experiences in my life. The rooms were spacious, very clean and new. the staff was one of the kindest in new york. I not only caught up with my normal life while I was away from my on house, but I also enjoyed my stay a lot	
Apr 16 2009 	A great hotel	I have stayed in this hotel in October, 2008. First of all I had a very spacious room comparing with the other hotels in the area. I can recommend this hotel for a great for extended stay. Additionally you can find everything you need in the long term this hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	I look forward to my stay at the Marmara!!	I travel weekly from Indiana and stay at the Marmara! It is truly a home away from home! The staff is incredibel especially Elif Akinci who continues to go out of her way to accommadate my requests! I will continue to stay here for my travel needs! Sandi	
Mar 30 2009 	the staff was extremely helpful and accomodating	These apartments are a wonderful choice for those who need more than just a typical hotel room in NYC. They are clean, spacious and have all amenities you would need. The staff was extremely helpful and worked with us to select the right accommodations and make our stay run smoothly.	
Mar 29 2009 	Outstanding East side hotel	The Marmara is an imposing upper East side hotel and an extended stay facility, with a museum quality lobby. The staff was courteous, personable and professional. But, by far, it was the suite itself that stole the show. Clean, new, and contemporary, with thoughtful amenities. If you ever want to want to know the feeling of what it's like to live in NYC, check this hotel out. On the 16th floor, and with four suites to a floor, we were surrounded by other skyscrapers, had a terrace, and had an obstructed view of the East River. A total cosmopolitan experience. Only cons - construction abounds, there's a lot of NYC street noise and no parking. Again, welcome to NYC, but in a genuine, upscale way. Treat yourself.	
Mar 29 2009 	Too Noisy	Room is very good; a bedroom and living room together, very spacy. However, there is a very big road construction just in front of the hotel. Almost 24 hours noise, especially from 6am onwards....Unhelpful, unflexible front desk! We have asked for a few hours late check out to shop in the morning and to leave hotel at 3 pm. Although the hotel was almost empty, it is not allowed. Because of this at the last day of our holiday in NY we had very bad last day experience.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Room Great Comfort Great Value	This hotel is extremely comfortable and the rooms are luxurious apartments. The hotel offers great views of the city and NJ depending on your room angle. The quality of the rooms are extordinary for the low price. I would defnitely come back again and recommend others to go, even for an inner-city getaway.	
Mar 26 2009 	Just like being at home!	It was my first time at the Marmara Hotel. It was great like having an apartment in the city! Service was impeccable, rooms where clean and modern! Great place...	
Mar 25 2009 	The Best Value On An Apartment-Style Hotel Room!	I recently spent a week at The Marmara Manhattan while staying in NYC on business. It was like having my own apartment in the city as I had a studio with its own kitchen and plenty of space to spread out and work. It was very affordable, incredibly comfortable, and I brought my dog with me as they accept pets!	
Mar 14 2009 	Best Luxury Apartment in NYC	I have stayed in MANY luxury apartment s all over the world from Hong Kong, Europe, and the USA, but the Marmara Manhattan was the best in terms on comfort, cleanliness, and service. I also like the &quot;quietness&quot; of being in the Upper East Side after a long day of shopping and sightseeing. I am definitely staying here again when I am in town. Chi	
Mar 12 2009 	Friendly staff great rooms a wonderful respite after a busy Manhattan day!	My second stay at The Marmara, plan on making this gem my NY home away from home! For one night or many this is a wonderful spot. The accommodations are outstanding, and the rates are more than fair. The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean bright and welcoming after a busy Manhattan day. Nicely located - near public transportation, walking distance to great shopping, museums, and wonderful neighborhood eateries! I can't imagine ever being confined to a small hotel room again. I will be back !Savannah Ga.	
Mar 7 2009 	The best New York hotel experience we've ever had	We were planning for the arrival of our first grandchild, and as you can imagine, the window for that to happen was fairly wide. The staff (particularly Nesli) was more than attentive and cooperative to our needs.Our reservations were based on the theoretical due date, but as things happen, the baby arrived two and a half weeks early!The morning our daughter-in-law went in to labor we hopped in our car and started our ten hour drive...along the way, we called Nesli and explained that we were coming in way ahead of schedule...her response, &quot;your room is waiting for you&quot;!We drove directly to the hospital for Samantha's birth and eventually arrived at the hotel after 2:00 AM...and indeed, our room was ready!We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room and the comfortable ammenities!My wife and I have been coming to New York for over thirty years and have not ever had a better experience!Laurie and Jeff JaffeToledo, OHjeff@haroldjaffe.com	
Mar 2 2009 	Exceptional	I stayed at the Marmara and was absolutely thrilled with the service and the suite. We stayed in the Penthouse after a performance of my play. It was extraordinary. The guests I invited were very very impressed. I don't think I have recieved so many e-mail thanking me for such a wonderful time in an incredible space. The view is breathtaking.I will stay there again in a New York Minute.Thank you everyone at the Hotel.Adrienne Foran I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Feb 17 2009 	Lots of Room for the Money.	I had a very nice stay here. The room was Great! One bedroom suite with full kitchen. Everything a person could need is nearby. Only three blocks from subway. I highly recommend Nick's across the street for a nice meal or pizza. Korean laundry was good and cheap. Only down side is there is major subway construction work going on on 2nd in front of hotel. Did not bother me or keep me awake.	
Nov 17 2008 	Loving the Marmara!!	Well what can I say? I have been too Manhattan three times and I can safely say this is the best accommodation I have stayed in. The apartment we had was fantastic. No central park view but hey, how long do you spend in your apartment?! A couple of blocks from the Maramra is a little restaurant and bar called the Barking Dog. Food is fantastic and so is the price. Great service apart from one time. You will find it at, 150 E 34th St. Try it out. You are about 6 blocks away from Central Park and 5th Avenue. Not far from the museums. There is a store across the road from the Marmara that sells all the essentials you need. A fantastic stay. Will stay again here next time!!!!	
Sep 2 2008 	AMAZING!	This was a beautiful hotel in a beautiful area. Subway is walking distance, everybody was friendly!The room was so clean, and had everything we needed. Thanks Maramara, I would recommend you to everyone!	
Jul 6 2008 	Building Work and No Views	As a family of three we stopped at the The Marmara Manhattan Hotel in June 2008 for three nights. The hotels is clean and tidy we found the staff friendly and helpful, rooms are excellent, well equipped with kitchen and bathroom (we stayed in a one bedroom apartment). Situated on the upper east side the hotel is a fair way from most of the main attractions, that said its only 10 minutes from the nearest subway and you can be in Times Square in 10 minutes and uptown Manhattan in around 25 minutes. The area has numerous bars and restaurants within walking distance and 24hour supermarkets for local shopping.Don't believe any nonsense about gaining a high room the highest you will get is the 6th floor, the upper floors are let on long term leases.Now the bad news the building work outside the the hotel can go on through the night and is noisy. The hotel in my opinion is not telling its potential customers about the work (there in no mention on the web site). We booked through Virgin Holidays who informed us 2 weeks before our holiday of the building work. There are numerous hotels in Manhattan to choose from, I would not be booking this hotel while the building work is still taking place. Did it spoil our 3 day break. No not really, but it leaves a bitter taste of being mislead. Why not be honest and inform its potential customers of the problem. If your looking to stay in Manhattan then go for a hotel in Times Square or the Greenwich Village area. Bottom line the hotel is misleading customers about hotel views and the building work. Book elsewhere or be prepared for the 6th floor at best and views of New Yorkers digging holes. I have uploaded videos of the building work at [--]	
Jun 21 2008 	Nice apartment except for sofabed	My husband and two grown up sons and l stayed here in a one bedroom apartment for 5 nights. We found it to be very clean and spacious, the bathroom was nice, the shower was good, always lots of hot water. We had a lovely kitchen, fully equipped. The bedroom was very big, lots of storage and comfy bed (firm ). The location of the apartment was not ideal, but we managed, it is so easy to get a taxi (which is economical when there are four of you). On the downside, the sofa bed in the lounge where our sons slept was awful, a very thin mattress, not comfortable at all. We asked reception if we could pay to upgrade to a two bedroom apartment after the first night, they told us we couldn't because we were not staying long enough. Then we asked for a rollaway bed, they never seemed to be able to find us one. I don't think they could be bothered. We ended up having to buy an airbed and one son slept on it on the floor.There was construction noise going on day and night which also made it difficult to sleep. We have since found out this happens in lots of places in Manhattan. Nevertheless we had a great holiday and we loved New York we will definitely be going back, maybe stay midtown next time.	
May 19 2008	Excellent Experience	My recent stay was extremely pleasant, surpassing my experience at far more expensive hotels in NYC. The one bedroom accomodation was large, modern, clean, and replete with details that I would never have expected. At $350 a night, it was an absolute steal. The front desk personnel were polite and helpful, and the small gallery in the lobby was a nice touch. The neighborhood was much quieter than midtown, with a lovely park just a few blocks away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. In fact, I already have. The one and only drawback was the hardness of the mattress. I am still hurting, two days later.	
May 12 2008	Too far out	We stayed there for 5 nights in March. It is advertised as an aparthotel. It looked alright on the website, but on arrival we found that the hotel rooms were on the bottom 5 floors so the expected views of the east river did not materialise. The hotel did not inform us of the 24-hour roadworks taking place right outside, unbelievable really, as the contractors were digging up the road and cutting large pipes with grinders all night most nights. They also cut through the fire alarm causing it to go off, and the water had to be cut off at times as well.The room itself was not bad, but whilst there were self-catering facilities in it, there was no bar or restaurant.It was on 96th street I believe which meant a fair walk to the subway and at least 10 minutes into mid-town.Overall I wouldn't stay there again, principally because its too far out but overall because of the bad experience.	
Feb 19 2008 	A Great Find....	Myself, fiance and 20mths old daughter stayed at the Marmara for 4nights - Nov/Dec 2007. After having booked it we were a bit apprehensive due to the mixed reviews. However, when we settled in we were pleasantly surprised.On our arrival there was an issue with our booking but this was sorted out relatively quickly - they had us booked in for only one night, so I suggest that you have a printout of your email confirmation if booking through the website. Due to the mix up meant that we had to change to another apartment on our last day. This was not too problematic as it just meant that we packed a day earlier.The hotel is situated in the upper East Side but subway is just a few blocks away - 5/10 minutes walk. This may put people off as it is not midtown but we did not see it as a concern. Subway easy to use - even with a buggy. Used it everyday to get around the city - cheaper than the cabs. We chose these apartments as we did not want to be in the middle of the hustle and bustle of midtown - wanted somewhere that was quieter - still was busy as hotel situated on an avenue so you will get traffic noise daytime and nightime. You soon get used to the noise and it did not bother our daughter who slept very well!The apartment we stayed in was very spacious - large living area, kitchen/diner, nice bathroom and bedroom. Hotel provided us with a cot for daughter - continental size not travel cot which was ideal. There are lots of places surrounding the hotel that you can buy food/drink - mini-mart across the road where you can get the essentials such as bread, milk etc. Also there is a deli on the corner by the hotel where you can get some nice treats - fruit, yoghurts. There are also a number of restaurants/takeaways in the area - bagel shops, mexicans, italians - opposite the hotel is a restaurant called 'Nick's' - great pizza - the large pizza is enormous!The hotel staff were courteous - not overly friendly but not rude. They always assisted us with any services that we required.Apart from the mixup with our booking, we had a great stay at a great apartment - family friendly with all the amenities that you require. Would recommend this hotel to family and friends and would stay here again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good base for family holiday	I stayed at the Marmara for 10 days over Christmas 2007 with my wife and young son (18 months). Having stayed in typical mid town tourist hotels in NYC before, we wanted more space and a quieter neighborhood than the usual Manhattan experience and the Marmara delivered this very well.As with most hotels it is not quite what the website suggests - it is modern but not contemporary or designer in any sense. However our apartment with separate bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom was clean, spacious and well equipped. The daily maid service was excellent.The local area is residential with good restaurants and shops. Being out of the usual tourist area of midtown, we met many friendly New Yorkers, were welcomed to all the diners and restaurants we visited and enjoyed walking to Central Park and many children's playgrounds. We found that we could walk to many locations, stopping for coffee on the way and take cabs home at the end of a tiring day!The Marmara is not a conventional tourist hotel with no bar, restaurant or concierge. We found the staff efficient rather than friendly so if you are a 'needy' guest, you may want to go elsewhere. However if you want to experience living in NYC rather than just visiting it, I'd consider staying here. I would certainly go here again.	
Nov 23 2007 	Short Term Stay	We arrived at our room and the staff were very helpful. We never had any issues with the hotel or staff however we only stayed for three nights. I was apprehensive about booking this hotel for a short term stay but it ended up being perfect. The subway was only a couple of blocks away on 96th and Lex. Lots of little restaurants around the area. I would agree with another reviewer that there was construction outside that began earlier in the morning (around 6am) but it's NYC, what do you expect? If you are interested in staying in a neighborhood close to the nearby tourist attractions - I would not recommend this hotel. We were visiting a friend on 95th and 3rd ave, so it worked out perfectly for us. The kitchen was more than adequate, and the nearby Gristede's market saved us so much money!!	
Nov 21 2007 	Not a good stay!!	While the room in itself was ok, very large as I had a one bedroom suite with a kitchen. Descent furnishings. The level of service was horrible. If I could take the hotel and move it to a better location and change the staff I would stay there again but since that is not happening I will NOT be returning to the Marmara and I visit New York a lot.The hotel staff was very disinterested in helping with any kind of problems other then the one night I could not get the sofa bed to work, they pretty much ignored me.The room I was given was on the 3rd floor and right off of a busy street that was under construction. When I reserved the room I specifically requested a high floor where it was quiet. The rooms have large windows which would be nice if the view wasn't of the very loud construction going on.I asked repeatedly to be moved but my requests were ignored. I was very busy during my 6 night stay and by the time I got back to my room, which was in the early am, I just wanted to sleep in a bit but it was impossible.Also upon check out there were multiple phone calls charges to my room. No one ever used the phone as me and my guest have cell phones that fit all of our calling needs. The ladies were rude about it when I told them that I did NOT call Turkey for $28 the day I checked in, in fact the time it said the call was made I was asleep. They kept accusing me or my guest of making these calls but my guest did not even arrive until the next day after the call was made. They said they would investigate the calls and get back to me but they have yet to do so. There were also 4 other calls that were not placed from my room for .52 cents but I wasn't about to argue with these ladies over such an amount as I had a plane to catch. They also spoke to each other in their native language in front of me, about me which I found very rude.I have never been treated so badly by the front desk staff. During my stay they were very disinterested to say the least.Also the location is pretty far from most of the sight seeing areas, Broadway, Times Square, ect and the cab drivers liked to take the long way so the cost for taxi's very pretty expensive. I should have just paid a bit more and stayed closer to midtown.Now that I am home I am completely exhausted. If you do choose to stay here make sure you check your bill before you check out. Something very fishy is going on.	
Jul 26 2007 	Below average hotel	After doing a long and through research on many websites including reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I booked a week at Marmara Manhattan on their website. Our problems were:1)Hotel site shows a roof top terrace with sweeping views- It was closed and under construction for a penthouse and there was no mention of it on the website, at the hotel, during the check in. Even after I brought it up, they brushed it off. Even though this was one of the main reasons I booked this hotel.2)Hotel site says suites have queen size beds, and nice views- Our suite had a full size bed, and view was well the small building across the street.3)Hotel site says that the quieter upper east side. There was a construction at the hotel, outside, and outside of our window crews were there. We asked for a quieter room, and we were told they would check- 3 DAYS later which was the day before we were due to leave, they said NO ROOMS and NO DISCOUNT would be given. 4) Very rude front desk manager, she talks and fights with other guests in front of everyone, she is very unfriendly. She really should learn that customer service starts with a smile, whether one is in NY or wherever. Overall, I travel for work and leisure extensively, used to live in NY for 3 years, this is one of the worst places to stay in NYC, due to their arrogant, unaccomodating, higher than thou attitude and false advertisement.The only plus, rooms are clean.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good accomodation on the Upper East side	We stayed at the Marmara for 8 nights from 8 May 2007. We were two single adults travelling together. We were booked at this property by another Hotel who had reserved this room for us.The room we were given was a 1 bedroom apartment, comprising a king bed and a sofa sleeper in the living area. I used the sofa sleeper which was ok (not brilliant but ok). There were two large TVs in the apartment. The kitchen area had a large (although dated) refrigerator, a gas oven and hob, dishwasher and microwave. Pots and pans were provided although there was only one smallish frying pan and no baking dishes. The apartment had an onsuite bathroom and a separate toilet and basin near the entrance door. The apartment was apparently quite spacious for a NY apartment. We weren't disturbed by neighbour noise, although the aircon did make noise but it wasn't too bad.The building is located close to 2nd ave, and 3 blocks from the nearest subway station. We were comfortable with the 15 min walk to get there. The neighbourhood felt safe. We cooked primarily in the apartment so it was handy to have a largish supermarket a couple of blocks away. On the corner of the Hotel was a small deli which is also worth a visit but a bit more expensive. The Hotel has a laundry on the lower level which was also handy ($1.50 per load). The front desk staff seemed to vary quite a bit. I felt they were efficient but didn't show much emotion and weren't overly helpful with information.In summary I felt this property was quite expensive at around $404 USD per night (not including taxes). We also stayed at the Beacon Hotel on the west side for a few nights which was probably half the rate but not as large or comfortable. I think the Marmara would suit adults rather than families with small children.	
May 23 2007	A terrific Manhattan setting	My wife an I decided to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary in NYC. We wanted to stay in a relaxing place with the comforts of home in a real Manhattan setting. The Marmara Manhattan exceeded our expectations. Recently transformed from apartment building to hotel the Marmara has preserved the qualities of an apartment building. The suites are large and comfortable with fully equipped kitchens and stylish furnishings. Super comfy bed, a real bonus after a long day of sightseeing. The daily housekeeping service was outstanding, they go the extra mile to keep things clean and tidy. The most enjoyable part of our stay at the Marmara was its charming location. We loved walking the Upper East Side streets to the bus stops, the subway or Central Park . As we strolled we met people walking their children to school, or taking their dogs for a walk, they recommended restaurants or favorite galleries. After a couple of days we felt part of the neighborhood. The hotel does not offer food services but there is a terrific deli next door that has a wide assortment of fresh and prepared foods for take-out or delivery to your suite. There are also a number of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. To go downtown we often took the bus as it allowed us to see the sights and mingle with the locals. At the end of the day it was very nice to come home to a quieter part of town, very relaxing.	
Oct 18 2009 	Genial		
Aug 31 2009 	einfach klasse		
Mar 10 2009 	Buen Hotel		
