Nov 19 2009 	Great Hotel if you know a few things	First be sure you are GUARANTEED to be on the side of the hotel away from the bridge. If you face the bridge it is very noisy and you maybe very upset. Second know that you are in Chinatown. I love Chinatown and needed to stay in lower manhattan but it is a bit out of the way for some people. It is very clean, new and the customer service is great. It is however minimalist. You get everything you need but not a thing more. There is no wireless - there is hard wired DSL and in our room the cable was next to the phone on a TINY night stand with a short cable. We had two queen beds and the room was quite large. The desk was also tiny. The free coffee in the lobby is instant coffee and hot water.Cabs are fairly easy to get in China	
Nov 14 2009 	Surprisingly nice!	In the middle of bustling Chinatown is Hotel 91. Immediately surprised by its cleanliness and comfortable beds! The property has a very &quot;fresh&quot; feel. Our room had 2 double beds (they reminded us of the Westin's &quot;Heavenly Beds&quot;. A/C was very quiet and efficient, plenty of hot water, free high speed ethernet, flat screen tv. Overall room size was a bit small, the window view on the 6th floor was the traffic/train of the Manhattan Bridge (almost touching distance!). A bit noisy, but the double-paned windows helped and it didn't interrupt sleep. No fridge, We only saw Chinese food nearby (Starbucks about 1/2 mile away). &quot;Complimentary coffee and tea&quot; on 2nd floor was a hot pot with instant Folgers or tea bags.Walking distance to the Brooklyn Bridge, Ground Zero.Good value for money. Nice and helpful staff.Parking at $32/day on Henry St (near the backdoor entrance to hotel).	
Nov 7 2009 	Solid value for money	This hotel is not fancy or anything but the location is great and the room is good. You only get a room and some vending machines - no restaurant/bar or room service - but that's all you really need. No bedbugs and the room is cleaned every day. I got an offer on the room (104 $/night) and the price was definitely right.The hotel is smack down in Chinatown which worked for me since I spent most my time in LES and the Chinese surroundings is a good experience - like being in China actually. :-)I got a room right next to the the train track on Manhattan Bridge but was not disturbed by the noise even though the trains keeps at it all night. There's a double window frame so most of the noise is blocked out.You can find better hotels (but then again probably also more expensive) but definitely also worse, so Hotel 91 is worth a recommendation.	
Sep 14 2009 	Clean Friendly 	Me &amp; my best friend took a 4 day trip to NYC. - Saw this place on line, booked it. - Got there and we were happily surprised to find how clean and nice it was inside. Everything seems new. The Staff is SUPER friendly, Didio was my favorite. ~ The rooms were perfect for 2 people, the beds ROCK, and although the train is nearby it wasn't bothersome at all (from Texas, just sounded like thunder to us). ~ The only downside is, if you are not gonna hang out downtown, you will have to travel a bit as the Hotel is pretty far from Midtown. BUT, they have their own Car Service and it IS cheaper than a Taxi to get anywhere you want to go. (Example, to Laguardia it was 35 bucks, a taxi cost us 45 on the way in). ~ They told us of all the great places to go &amp; see and how to get there on the Subway. The Staff just really knew their stuff. I would stay there again for sure! ~ Everyone we saw (other visitors) were nice and seemed pleased as well, there were people from all over the world there. - I HIGHLY recommend this place. (me &amp; my friend are females, mid 30's). You won't regret staying here, I promise.	
Sep 11 2009 	Please Stay you will not regret it!!!	The reason we stayed here is because of the rate. We had a great time. The room very clean. The customer service was just pure de awesome. The thing that we did not like was that it was 4 of us and the room was very small. The noise did not bother us not one bit. Plenty of transportation service all around the area. No complaints what so ever and will stay there when we all go back to NEW YORK again. Thank You Hotel 91 for all your help. I wanted to take the bed home with me, it was so comfortable.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great stay in a very convenient location	Hotel 91 is great. Not expensive -throught hotels.com- and so conviniently located at the heart of Manhattan. Chinatown is a great place to stay, very charming despite the fish smell in the streets. The room was clean and I almost didn't hear the noise from the bridge thanks to the double-double windows !	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Place	stayed for 8 nights - the beds are great - the bathrooms clean... we faced the train and could hardly hear a thing... they provide a great lounge with free tea and coffee 24/7... It is right in the heart of Chinatown with a fish market on the street which adds to the local flavour. Canal Street is a short walk away. A brillant restaurant called Bacaro is in Division street a 2 minute walk away... well worth a visit !!!	
Jul 15 2009 	Great value comfy beds no breakfast!	I've done a fair bit of travelling and for what I'd term as a budget hotel (compared with other hotels in New York) you're very well looked after and the rooms are very clean and comfortable.The only downside if I could pick anything is the location. There are subways to the rest of Manhattan from Chinatown but if you're wanting to go out in the evening for a drink near the hotel there really isn't anywhere.If you're walking towards City Hall (out of the main hotel door, turn left) however you will catch a glimpse of a &quot;Subway&quot; if you like your sandwiches - I think I've had about 5 from there and the staff were good.Great hotel for....- Sleeping (I want to take the bed home with me, the mattress is great)- Relaxing for short periods (they have a vending machine on the 4th floor for drinks/snacks)- Internet (ONLY if you bring your own laptop)...there's blue ethernet cables in the rooms and its free to use, however there is a communal PC on the 4th floor but you have to pay to use it (weird, really).Bad for...- If you have a late night there aren't any &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; hangers. So be prepared to make your own somehow or you'll have some aggressive banging on your door &quot;Housekeeping....housekeeping&quot; for 5 minutes straight. Worst of it all is you can't predict when they're coming it seems to vary. The only thing that stopped them getting in was locking the door.Looking at other reviews, my room faces the train bridge and it does sound a bit like distant thunder as they go by but unless you're a very light sleeper it's not going to affect you.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great but one thing	I read reviews about this Hotel before I went. People complained about the train and noise. My hotel window faced the train. We heard it but it didn't bother us one bit. A long day in the city will make you want to come back and knock out. This hotel has the best , most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. I slept like a log. I usually have back pains in the morning but I had none when I woke up in this bed. AWESOME. The downside is that I had an orange stain on my sheets. I brought my own blanket so I didn't make a big deal out of it. Also, they don't have do not disturb signs so I made my own generic sign to put on the door. Also, there is one elevator and it was very slow. So if you're talking bad about the people that work at the front desk, be quiet when it stops on the 2nd floor looking right in to the front desk. Now last thing is, the 2 guy workers that were working the day I checked it. RUDE.... The asian guy with the long hair that thinks he's a big shot and looks like a wannabee action hero....BIG ZERO. He didn't even acknowledge us. I think he was too busy watching stuff on the computer. the white guy was Okie but he barely looked at us. They didn't even greet us when we got to the front desk. HOW RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We only saw them that afternoon. They are unprofessional and should not be working a customer service job. Other then that, Hotel 91 was good. AHAHHAHA... I would stay again but hopefully those workers are gone.	
Jun 24 2009 	worst hotel service i have ever had	We had a terrible experience at this hotel. It does not look at all like the pics on the website! And yes, it is extremely loud because of proximity to bridge traffic. While the hotel does appear clean, I got a RASH from lying in the bed for 10 minutes. When we went to the desk, and asked if they might recommend another hotel in the area, the night shift clerk said that he couldn't say or he would be &quot;helping the competition.&quot; He was on his ipod, claiming there was &quot;nothing he could do.&quot; We were told that if we wanted to find another hotel we would have to PAY THREE DOLLARS TO USE THE COMPUTER IN THE HALL!! I have stayed in many hotels in my life and have never encountered anyone as rude and inhumane. When a representative from hotels.com called hotel 91 on our behalf (it was 1am and I had hives and no internet), he then reported to me that the hotel clerk had been rude to HIM and told him nasty things about ME! Please don't stay there.	
Jun 11 2009 	nice location near LES shops and restaurants	We got a great deal on the room. So based on that alone I would probably stay here again if it was during the spring or fall. The hotel is no where near a subway stop. The closest one is the F train and that is about a 5 or 10 minute walk from the hotel. When I stayed there it was warm, so walking to the subway stop was no big deal, but I can imagine if it was 15 degrees out, I'd be singing a different tune.The hotel is underneath a bridge. So it can get pretty loud noise. I shut the bathroom door, which helped muffle the noise, and luckily my boyfriend and I are fairly deep sleepers. Overall clean hotel, but the bathroom seemed a little dated. There aren't a lot of bells and whistles to the place. It's in the middle of Chinatown, so if you don't like the smell of fish don't stay here. As there are Chinese markets with fish and dried fish galore. I didn't mind the smell because it reminds me of any big Asian metropolitan city.Is the best hotel to stay out in NYC? Probably not. Is it the worst? No.	
Jun 3 2009 	NOISE	We stayed at the hotel for three nights. The room was very small. There was no free internet, no safe. The room is very basically equipped. The bathroom is good, but we had to ask for additional towels. Worst of all: it was EXTREMELY loud. No chance to get sleep without earplugs. Some members of the staff are friendly others definitely aren't.	
May 21 2009 	The Coney Island Express Runs 1 Meter Behind the Hotel--- You Can Imagine What That's Like	***From the perspective of a 26 year old woman from Toronto who often visits NYC and primarily spends her time in the Lower East Side, DUMBO, checking out art galleries, shopping and dining out.  ---The Hotel---The Good:- It's modern and clean. Similar to any budget hotels, although it lacks a few amenities that I consider basic: wi-fi in the rooms, fridge, vending machines etc.,- The visitors are mainly Asian tourists and young travelers, both of which you hardly see or hear.The Bad:- Zero security: there are three entrances to the hotel and they are unmanned, the concierge is on a separate floor from the entrances, and anyone can walk-in any of those entrances and take the elevator to any floor in the hotel. There are also no security camera's.- It is 1 meter away from a busy bridge on which the Coney Island express runs and a major road runs underneath. It is extremely loud and the hotel shakes.- There is zero customer service, I personally am not very demanding and don't often need much, but this was ridiculous. The staff were not willing to help you out with anything, and/or did not now the answer to most of the questions asked and were surprised to be asked very basic questions, such as &quot;where can I buy some water?&quot;. ---The Area----The Good:- As far as lower east side hotels this one is fairly cheap and decent. It is close to Brooklyn and LES, and a short walk to the subway.The Bad:- This place is dead...DEAD(for emphasis) after 9 p.m. or so. Everything is boarded up and there is no where to grab a bite or buy snacks. Only the homeless roam the area after a certain hour, and although they are harmless, if your alone it can be unpleasant. - It is in China Town, so it is a bit dirty from the food stores. ---The Rooms---The Good:- They are typical of the price range, no frills, modest decor. This one is relatively new and things are kept very clean.-Bathroom en-suite, no sharing.The Bad:- They are small, the train running past is loud, the windows don't open.- We didn't really want to go back there much, and sometimes after a long day you need to re-charge for a bit before heading out again. ---The Price---- Overall it is not that cheap that it would be worthwhile staying here. I would recommend moving uptown or midtown to the cheaper hotels there, despite the less desirable location and being further from LES.- They charge you for storing your bag after checkout; I have never encountered this. They have this dingy internet access station where they charge you quite a lot for internet access.	
Apr 30 2009 	Clean comfortable no frills NY on a budget hotel.	I read many of the reviews on this site about this hotel. I feel much the same as many, if you are looking for a five star experience then look near times square and the five star price tag. This is a no frills hotel that gives you a clean room to sleep in and a close stop to the subway. And on the note of the subway, we stayed on the track side of the hotel and there was track noise every 5-7 minutes or so, but neither one of thought it was really that loud. If you are a light sleeper then it might be somewhat annoying. The room was always clean, with fresh towels and folded linens. The rooms could have been a little better lit. There was only one floor lamp in the corner and lamp between the two beds.The staff was friendly and helpful. We asked for a authentic Chinese restaurant and she recommended one within walking distance. They also held our bags for after we checked out so we could continue to explore the city on our last day.Outside you are truly in Chinatown. There are vendors right on the street selling their wares. As in other reviews, there is a fish market near the end of the block with the smell of seafood but it is brief as you walk by. Overall, not a big deal.A couple of negatives. It is true that there aren't many &quot;american&quot; places to eat nearby. But we were never in that area much for it to be a factor. Also, anyone can enter the hotel through the front door. A doorman or key card would alleviate any concerns. But we never felt unsafe while staying here.Overall, it was a wonderful experience staying here and I would recommend this hotel to a friend. If you want to explore the city on a budget and stay in a solid, quality hotel, then this is the place for you.	
Apr 29 2009 	Better Late Than Never (I was waiting on a Pic) :-(	My two grown daughters and I booked Hotel 91 after reading reviews and knowing that it was almost a new property - The price was also a determining factor. We were hesitatant about it being in Chinatown, but having never been to NY, we wanted the full experience. We were very pleased with what we found!!! The staff made our trip the best, by suggesting were to eat and making sure we knew were we were going. Our subway experiences were a learning curve, but we were pros after a couple of days. The subway @ the Manhattan Bridge wasn't so loud, and the people in Chinatown were very nice!!! The &quot;F&quot; subway line that you took to get anywhere was a block and a half away, but if you can't walk that, you don't need to go to NY, it is definitely a walking city!!! The Hotel rooms were small but not to small and the beds were very comfortable, it was also clean!!! We stayed a week and didn't want to leave!!! The shopping on Canal St is just blocks away with great bargains, just hit 5th Ave and compare!!! :-) Many thanks to John, Didio, Howard, Hughes, and William at Hotel 91 for a marvelous trip!!! :-)	
Apr 23 2009 	NOISY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT	Although the rooms are clean and the hotel quite well placed, the noise of the trains rattling past every 5 minutes was ridiculous and spoiled what is otherwise a nice hotel. Also, no ok food outlets close by for late night eating.VERY VERY NOISY	
Apr 11 2009 	Nothing special	Stayed there for 1 night in a double full room. I liked reviews here and pictures on the hotel site. But was a bit disappointed by unfriendly staff, our room, which was narrow and had its windows facing the bridge with all its noise. Pillow cases were creased, everything a worn. I won't stay here again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent value for money clean decent hotel	My partner and I stayed at Hotel 91 for 1 week in March. The hotel was spotless and the service was excellent. We got clean towels everyday and the room was always very warm and clean. The bathroom was very nice and modern and so was the room, albeit sparse. We had a flat screen tv and a wardrobe, as well as a tiny desk we could just about balance our laptop on. The only thing I would say about the room is that the bed was definitely too small (especially too short) for us! We had booked a Single Full Room, which is supposed to sleep 2, but both my partner's and my feet were hanging off the edge of the bed! (We are 185 and 175cm in height). Our room was on the 7th floor and faced right on to the Manhattan bridge. Sure you could hear the trains pass by, but we never once woke up from the sound. The location is good for evening strolls around Soho and the Lower East Side as you can then easily walk back to the hotel. For daytime, sights etc you just need to catch the Subway... you will never be close to everything you want to see wherever you stay, so it doesn't really make any difference. In short I would say this hotel is perfect if you want to spend your holidays in and around NY city and NOT in your hotel room! We used it just for a night's sleep and we were off again in the morning to explore this fantastic city. It's affordable, decent, warm and clean and you get a good night's sleep - which we REALLY needed every night!	
Mar 21 2009 	amazing modern hotel	Me and my GF stayed at the hotel 91 in chinatown east broadway,and what a treat it was! the hotel was very reasonably priced and the hotel staff were friendly,interesting and very helpful! it situated very close to tribeca and cosmopolitan SoHo,its quite a busy area though neve &quot;noisy&quot; and although the manhattan bridge was very close to our window the hotel has installed a 2 window system where its like double glazing but wider apart so u can hardly hear anything! the bed was the comfiest ive ever slept on! the bathroom was very very clean and they had an ice machine! though no ice buckets! a duane reade shopping bag was all u need to fill to the brim to keep your pop/beers cold,when i go back to new york this will be my hotel of choice!	
Mar 18 2009 	the perfect little hotel in Chinatown	Hotel 91 is the perfect place to be if you arent bothered about being downtown and a good walkin distance way from the main New York attractions (i.e. the Empire State or Times Square). This was my first time in New York and I couldnt fault the hotel at all. On my first day we walked from the hotel all the way up to as far as the Rockefeller Plaza (the border of uptown). Cabs are reasonable to and from wherever you go. We never attempted the subway. The Hotel was just how you want, its like going home from home really, because all hotel staff were so friendly and happy to help, and the room was a comfortable size. When I wanted to use the computer upstairs, it wasnt working and they let me use the one behind the main desk. Although there is no one to man the front door throughout the day, there was alway one man on through the night. It was a safe area and we didnt worry about anyone just walking in to the hotel.The bed was unbelieveably comfortable and the room was cleaned everyday unless you didnt want that and wanted a lie in. Our room was on the 3rd floor was facing the bridge but it didnt bother us at all, its not something we were used to, but the trains just sounded like a really strong wind or a rumble of thunder. They also run less throughout the night. The location is right in Chinatown, you almost feel in a different world, but a short walk away and you have everything you need. Bars and restaurants are within walkin distance if you head up towards Soho or Little Italy.I would definately go back to this hotel again, and now knowing where places are I wouldnt worry about getting lost, although its a pretty easy place to navigate once you get your barings.	
Feb 19 2009 	An absolutely wonderful hotel!	Last week I stayed at Hotel 91 for 5 nights with my best friends. We were just us to girls going for a vacation to New York. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. The rooms were very nice and clean every day, when we came back during the late afternoon. We had requested two queen beds - and thats what we got! :) The beds were very comfortable. I had read in here that the noise form the Manhattan Bridge is loud and stuff - but we had a room, where the window faced the bridge and we barely heard the subway. It sounded a bit like a thunder that's still quite far away - you know - like a slight rumbling. Plus at night there are less trains driving, so it's absolutely nothing to complain about (unless you choose to spend a lot of time in your hotel room....).There's no restaurants at the hotel, but instead there's about 3 bakeries next door. During the night there was a nice chinese man sitting just inside the entrance, to make sure, that no dodgy people entered the hotel. The only thing, that was slightly irritating was the smell of fish every day when we went out on the streets - but that's got nothing to do with the hotel..And Canal St. and East Broadway subway stations are very near. In total it's definately a hotel I'd stay at next time I'm visiting NY.	
Feb 18 2009 	Valentine's/President's Day In Chinatown	It's not a hotel, hotel, it's more laid back. No doorman, no bellhop, ok by us, just very little work to get settled in. Room was big, Queen Deluxe, (2 beds). The heat took a little patience on our part, bein from NYC we want everything quick, just take your time, it takes a few minutes to kick in, red light will illuminate, rutters will move, very slowly, then we were sweatin once it kicked over. Nice flat screen TV, view out the window of E. B-Way, nothin big, trains on the manhattan bridge, noise did not faze us. Spotless nice size bathroom, all said and done, 275. Balloons for NYC on Presidents Day/Valentines Day weekend, can't beat it. Cabs were hard to find, drinks too, no bars in sight, not after walking either, oh well. We found a nice dim sum house called Golden Unicorn downt he street, 18 E.B-Way i believe, 2nd floor, get there early if ya don;t wanna wait, they open 10AM, 9AM weekends, wild aggressive loud atmosphere/ambience, however, good food. We would def go back to Hotel 91, clean, great price, what more do ya need?	
Feb 3 2009	Good Basic Accomodation	I stayed for 3 nights at Hotel 91. I chose this hotel for two reasons; it was close to where my son lives and the price. I found it to be clean and very basic. The room was small with no view, but hey, I was there just to sleep. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was clean. The staff at the front desk were always very helpful and polite. The trains didn't bother me at all - you could hardly hear them. Yes, it is in China Town with all the attendant sights and smells, but that was part of its charm. Yes, the lobby is on the second floor - just follow the signs. Yes, there is only one elevator, but I never had to wait. The East Broadway subway stop is just two blocks away. No bells and whistles, just an honest clean hotel room. Where else in New York can you get two queen sized beds for $118 a night? I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I just come back from, staying in New yorks, famous china town.I stayed in Hotel 91, It's a lovely hotel for the price and the star rating, It's the best hotel in china town, The hotel is smack bang in the middle of china town, a very bussy area, all mainly chinese people, with very little english, it's like being in another world, you will find, many great things to do in china town, it's not how people have made it out to be china town is very very big, and you need know where your going or you will get lost, esspecially at night.The food there is great, and the people are friendly.Now for the hotel, it's very very clean, Very spacious, and very private, the reception is easy to find, and the service is more than excellent, They always have hot fresh water for Tea or coffee, They have a lovely warm lounge, which is very relaxing, receptionist's, make you feel more than welcome.Apparently there are two sides to stay in hotel 91, But I got the side where the bridge is, and to be honest the view from the bathroom is nice, but there is no view from the bedrooms on the 6th floor, from 603 upwards, but that doesn't spoil, the fact that the rooms are 100% cosey and lucious.If your on a buget, there is no shame in saying so, because hotel 91 is more than your average 3star hotel, and I would go there again, if I decided to back.	
Jan 24 2009	Great hotel for the price!	I would definitely stay at this hotel again. At first, I was concerned about the bridge being so close (my window faced it), but it didn't bother me at all. I was in NYC w/my little brother - who has never been before - and I think he was a little bummed out about the location. So, I would suggest that if you are going for business, or have been before, or prefer the LES, then this is a safe bet. However, if you're looking for something more touristy, then I'd look somewhere else. The hotel itself was nice and new. The room was really small, but who spends a lot of time in the room anyway. There was an ethernet cable for internet access. The beds were comfortable, and the linens were clean.	
Dec 16 2008 	Good base to explore	We stayed at Hotel 91 for 7 nights at the end of November/start of December. I knew that the hotel was not in a very central location for tourists, but we really wanted to stay for 7 nights and our budget would not stretch to staying in the midtown area. Some of the taxi drivers were asking us why we were staying here, as they didn't know that there was a hotel in the area.If you're just looking for a clean place to sleep and shower then this hotel is ideal. It's not fancy, but it is clean, the beds are very comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious and there is plenty of hot water. The staff are friendly and helpful and there is a subway station literally 2 blocks away (E Broadway). From here you can take the F train which stops at several of the major mid-town locations most used for sight-seeing.If you are happy to accept the fact that yes, you're going to have to make the effor to ride the subway to get around and that the hotel is only for sleeping, changing and showering, then this an ideal, budget-friendly base to explore the city from. Nearby useful places:- E Broadway Subway Station- Grand St Gourmet Deli- The Rainbow Cafe- Starbucks on Delancey	
Nov 26 2008 	A Good Value Hotel	Overall our stay at Hotel 91 was fine. The hotel was clean and new, and the bed was probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in away from home. The staff were friendly, and check-out was easy. My husband arrived before me and said that there was a problem with the key card when he first went to the room (three trips down to the reception on the second floor before it was correctly programmed), but aside from that there were no problems with check-in either.I had asked for a room away from the side of the hotel that the trains were on, and this request was granted. What we hadn't expected was that the room had no window! There was a skylight, but due to vandalism this had been covered over, and so the room was dark unless the lights were on. This wasn't a major problem for me, as we only wanted to sleep and shower at the hotel, but it was still quite a surprise. We could still hear the trains, so I can't imagine how loud they must have been on the 'train side' of the hotel!My only real problem with the hotel was the shower. We were on the 7th floor, and the water pressure was so low that there was just a trickle of water really. It took about 5 minutes to heat up, so we had to be quite patient.I would still recommend this hotel as it was good value for money, and had nothing majorly wrong with it, but if you are looking for luxury, or are a light sleeper, I would definitely look elsewhere.	
Nov 18 2008	Some good some bad	A slightly mixed experience.On the one hand, the room was clean, beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was well sized, and also clean. In my experience these are certainly not guaranteed in hotels!However, the location is adjacent to the Manhattan Bridge, which is excessively noisy at all times. The room was so narrow that there was barely room to walk around the end of the beds. There are smaller niggles too - the internet, though free, is wired, and the wire is so short that you had to use laptops on the bedside table - why not provide a secure wifi? The desk is very small - certainly not large enough to work from. There is no food offering, and the complimentary tea and coffee are low quality.Overall, this is fine as a place to crash, though not a hotel to spend lots of time in.	
Nov 12 2008 	Good Value Depending on Room Location	A good value IF you get a room on the side that is not adjacent to the elevated train tracks; trains rumble through every five minutes until midnight or longer. Clean, pleasant staff, on edge of Chinatown and near Little Italy and not far from SoHo.	
Oct 22 2008 	Good value for money neighborhood not so	Booked the hotel because it offered a good price for a NY hotel, the room was clean, bed - the best we've ever slept on, air conditioning , cable TV, LAN internet connection (which I could not configure with my laptop) but basic - small wardroad, no safe, minibar or even a luggage stand. The staff was terrific, very helpful &amp; even let me use their computer to check my gmail. Also reccomended a great Chinese restaurant.There is a freight elevator which can take your bags to the reception on the second floor otherwise it is a longish walk along the still empty ground floor &amp; down a few steps.Though trains pass the Brooklyn Bridge all the time, noise was not an issue as the double glazing was very efficient.The hotel is in Chinatown &amp; the chinese not the touristy part of Chinatown, almost all the shops &amp; signs are in Chinese catering to the locals many of them do not speak English or do not bother to answer, at night everything is closed with black nylon bags of garbage dotting the pavement. The neighborhood is safe but not pleasant. Subway is a 6-8 minutes from the hotel and the F line runs along 6th Av.	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice Hotel	My friend &amp; I stayed at Hotel 91 in Chinatown for 1 night ~ Saturday, 9/27/08. I read the reviews here religiously to make sure I chose wisely &amp; was prepared for everything. We chose this hotel b/c it is literally 1 block from where our bus drops off/picks up. So, for our purposes the location couldn't have been better. We arrived in NYC at an unexpected 6am! The bus driver had a lead foot. Happily, our room was available &amp; we went right up. It was eery that the entire first floor was vacant, nothing but empty tiny shops with glass windows. It was a pain in the @$$ that check-in/out was on the second floor - just added 1 more thing you had to do when coming in creating an unecessary ripple in what would ordinarily be a smooth arrival. The staff were incredibly friendly (&amp; gorgeous) throughout our entire stay, including my phone calls to confirm our reservation, as well as another reservation I made for October which I had to switch around, then ultimately cancel. Our room was nice - the walls were bare - something I'm not used to seeing, but I guess I prefer nothing as opposed to tacky, cheap art on the walls. The Manhattan Bridge was right outside our window &amp; we naturally heard the trains, but it wasn't enough to be a bother. The bathroom was beautiful, but while unpacking my travel case I saw some dried-on brown gunk near the faucet, which I was able to remove w/ my fingernail. Now for the shower...while my friend was taking a shower I heard this loud Clang!!, followed by her laughing - thank god. She burst out in a towel &amp; asked me, &quot;Did you hear that?!&quot; The handle that controlled the water flow/temperature had fallen off &amp; into the tub. This made adjusting the water temperature a nightmare. We could shove the handle back on &amp; adjust the temperature slowly, but it took forever. The A/C worked great, but that D@*%^D remote gadget was ridiculous. It looked like something you could use to fly a spaceship with. Why the need to be so complicated? It sucked that we were only provided with 1 tall cabinet to store our clothing. This closet only had 3 hangers &amp; a small shelf at the bottom. My friend ended up keeping everything in her suitcase - just not enough room to accomodate clothing/shoes for 2 people!!! The beds were like a dream - probably the 2nd best hotel bed I have ever slept in. The linens were pristine &amp; the beds came w/ 4 pillows!! That was a fantastic bonus. I'm used to just 2 crappy pillows - I lay there wishing I had 2 more....this hotel made my wish come true!! Very clean &amp; superbly comfortable. Overall our stay was very nice. However, when I returned home I realized I had left my camera's battery charger plugged into an outlet in the hotel room - I even have a picture to prove it - take a look &amp; see! I made numerous phone calls to the hotel regarding this &amp; while they were very nice &amp; promised to leave a note &amp; call to let me know either way, etc. etc. It resulted in nothing - not even the phone call they promised to let me know whether or not they found it. I've since replaced it, but that lack of effeciency &amp; customer service is troubling. Overall we enjoyed our stay &amp; would go back - the price was decent for what we got ~ $199. And, if anyone stays in room 403 &amp; sees my battery charger in the outlet by the television - tell the front desk asap!! :)	
Sep 28 2008 	An ok no frills stay.	This was the second hotel we stayed at during our ten day long visit to New York.We picked this hotel for three primary reasons. 1. It is located in Manhattan 2. For it's location, the price we paid was a bargain, with many other Manhattan hotels charging roughly 50% more than what we was paying3.The hotel was less than a month old, and we wanted a clean room.Overall, I would say our stay was ok.Location wise, we got lost a few times trying to find the hotel as Chinatown is so chaotic and it's easy to lose your way. Getting to Midtown Manhattan (where we spent a lot of our time) proved to be more difficult than when we stayed in Long Island City where the no.7 train took us to Times Sq in less than 15 mins.So before you book, do find out where you will be spending most of your time.This hotel is good for Chinatown, Statue of Liberty, Battery park, Wall Street and of course SoHo.The hotel was clean and so were the towels.But the rooms were very small, and with basic ameneties.One criticism is the doors have very big gaps, and the windows have poor insulation which means it can be very noisy with the hotel being beside the Subway track.All in all, for what we paid, I feel we did get value for money, but Iit appears that prices have risen to $300+ per night, and this seems a tad high to me for a very basic room, which does not even have an in-room mini bar ,a safe or even a luggage stand.On the upside, there was free internet access, free coffee/tea making facility in the lobby area and the staff were very friendly and helpful.I would stay at this hotel again, but only if this was the cheapest Manhattan hotel available to me at the time.	
Sep 23 2008 	I love Hotel 91 in Chinatown	Great place right in the heart of Chinatown. Rooms were clean, spacious for NYC. The a/c remote was a little confusing, but once we figured it out it was fine. There no coffeemakers in the room, but there is an area on the second floor for free coffee (instant) and tea. The water dispenser was a little funky to operate, but again, once you figure it out it was was fine. The staff was TOTALLY friendly and so SO very helpful. Look forward to staying there again. This is a minimalist kind of place so if you want lots of frills, go somewhere else. I REALLY enjoyed my stay at Hotel 91 :))	
Sep 4 2008 	Welcome to Chinatown!	Hotel 91 is a great bargain the heart of Manhattan's Chinatown. I stayed for 2 weekday nights with friends. I found it purely by chance. I frequently take the chinatown express bus from Washington, DC to Manhattan's chinatown and walked by the hotel on my way from the bus stop to the subway. My friends and I got the room at $219.00 per night, which I thought was a great deal considering the last 2 weeks of August are the height of the summer tourist season. I actually had to work in Flushing, so I asked the concierge about how to get there. He told me that I could take the chinese shuttle to Flushing for $2.50, it departs from Confucius Plaza when the bus is full. Shweet!We had a room on the other side of the hotel so we did not hear the trains at night. The room was small, we had 2 queen beds, but all you really need is a clean bed and shower and we were very satisfied with that. The beds and bathrooms were comparable to an upscale 3 star hotel. I loved the modern decor combined with Asian accents.Service was excellent, the people at the front desk were very helpful. While there were no ironing boards and irons in the room, when I asked to borrow them, the gal brought them to my room within the hour.In the morning you can walk to any of the bakeries and get a pastry and coffee for less than $2.00. I also got Bubble tea in the afternoons.One morning, I walked a few blocks and hopped on the F train at the corner and took it to Koreatown at 32nd and Broadway, very quick ride and only costs $2.00 one way.The hotel is still new and the ground floor glass retail shops are still vacant. It's sort of odd to walk by the empty rooms on the way to the elevator. I wonder about security. I see the black half dome security cameras in the ceilings but you don't need your hotel room key to go access the elevator at all. So that means that anyone walking off the street can get in the elevator and walk the halls of the hotel on any floor. I never had a problem during my stay regarding security, but I do wonder about it.We also walked around, there is so much to see and do, the Buddhist temples, all the shops and restaurants, Little Italy, men playing chinese checkers in Columbus Park, people doing Tai Chi outdoors in the mornings, etc. I loved it. Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and the location.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great place to stay	What a great find! I needed a place to stay on the Lower East Side for a class I was taking. After reading various reviews, I decided to take a chance on Hotel 91. My roommate and I had a wonderful experience. The hotel was clean, sparkling bathrooms, crisp white comforters and very plush beds. Having stayed at hotels in NYC, including The Plaza, I was hesitant, but I needn't have been. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the noise was nothing like some of the reviews said. Yes, the hotel is near the Manhattan Bridge, but the windows are double pane with an air layer in between. Any sounds we heard were much quieter than most hotel air-conditioners. And the air-conditioner in the room here was extremely quiet and worked well. We requested a room that overlooked the street and also one that was large since we were going to be there for five nights. We got a handicapped accessible room that was quite ample for the two of us - 2 queen size beds. The outer hallway was huge; there was even another bathroom directly across from our room. The decor is spartan; nothing on the walls, an armoire for a closet, no ironing board or iron, but there was a flat HDTV and it worked for us. It doesn't have amenities like a restaurant or swimming pool but for our needs, it was just fine. We even got a discount because we stayed there for more than 4 nights. The flavor of Chinatown was really an added plus. We could walk to Little Italy and experience all the sights and sounds of the area. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Weird decor good value helpful staff	The hotel is in a weird part of town, not particularly central to any part of the city but a great cultural experience in one of New York's oldest neighborhoods nonetheless.The decor is a bit drab, when you first walk in you see a bunch of glass stalls, which upon further investigation are supposed to be stores. (How you're supposed to have a store in a 5 foot by 10 foot space I have no idea) The 2nd floor is where the front desk is, which was fine, the staff was pretty efficient and very warm and personable, unlike a lot of Manhattan hotels. They were helpful throughout the entire stay. The lounge area on the second floor is terribly decorated. It looks like someone took all of their grandmother's junk from the last 40 years and threw it in one room. There is a flatscreen tv, but it's surrounded by 3 junky old leather couches (the hotel is supposedly new, would it have been too much to spend $2000 to put 3 new couches in? After all, it's the first thing people see when they walk in.). Then there is a big white porcelain elephant and what looks like an urn just sitting on the floor next to the couch. Doesn't go with the couches, the TV or the rickety old chinese furniture in the room. The carpet in the lobby areas throughout the hotel is just horrid looking, it makes you dizzy just walking on it, it looks kind of like the carpet from &quot;The Shining&quot;.The rooms themselves have just about everything you really need for a hotel stay: TV, internet, comfortable bed, private bathroom. The decor is pretty shabby, cheap vinyl chairs and furniture that looks like it was made by a boy scout at camp. Cheap plastic covered wood. The bathroom marble counter doesn't match the tiles on the floor or the wall. Looks like someone went to a lot of hardware clearance sales.For its price, the hotel is actually a good value and I'm being overly picky about the decorator's terribly bad taste. But whichever interior decorator did the hotel should definitely reconsider their career.The only real gripes I have are:A. Cleanliness - A lot of other reviewers have said this hotel is clean. I would agree, at first glance. But a closer look would reveal a lot of corner cutting. The middle of the room gets vacuumed but there is dirt at the edges. The windows never get cleaned and are outright filthy. Stains and smudges on the walls. Garbage in the hallways, stairwells and elevators. It's obvious that their housekeepers are understaffed and overworked, so it's understandable they can't get to everything. But it doesn't excuse the fact that things aren't clean.B. Someone else had mentioned a nosy owner during their stay, and I would agree. During my check in, a similar old lady came out of the elevator, walked around the line (3-4 people waiting to check in at this point) to the side of the counter and started demanding things from the kid working the counter (who was obviously already speaking with a customer). &quot;Print this, is so and so here, I need this and that.&quot; in a very loud and obnoxious manner. Very unprofessional in a hotel environment and obviously could have waited until after guests had finished. After she had gotten her list of demands, the kid said &quot;Sorry for the inconvenience, but that was the owner&quot;.The next day, the owner happened to be on the elevator when I got on and tried to make small talk. It turned into a grilling about what I was doing on my trip to New York and then an endless list of things I SHOULD do according to her. If I needed the advice I would have asked.Obviously this is the owner's first hotel and she has no experience whatsoever with hospitality. She would be well advised to take after her employees a bit, who actually made an otherwise very average stay pretty pleasant. For the price, the hotel is a good place to stay. Just avoid the owner and pretend you're colorblind when you look at the decor.	
Jul 31 2008	Very Clean Hotel	Never had been to New York before but kinda of a last minute thing. Hotels are very expensive, so found this one on line. In comparsion to price and other reviews we choose this one. I was very satisfied. Although a little strange that you check in on the 2nd floor, the hotel was very clean and very comfortable beds. Yes, the train was right outside our room, was noisey but didn't bother us at all. Since it's right in China Town be prepared to walk a few blocks if you don't want Chinese Food. Yes, when you are out in the streets there are vendors selling fish, fruit and other things and it was kind of smelly but it's just as you pass the vendor. There are bakeries close and Chinese Restaurants all over the place.The hotel staff at the desk was nice and helpful as they could be. They are no vending machines, just an ice machine. We rode the subway to get around, which at first is a little confusing but the staff gave us a map and some help.Yes, it isn't real close to the tourist area's, you have to take a bus or the subways.So it does require a lot of walking. Little Italy is a couple of blocks away and is nice, especially if you like Italian food.	
Jul 29 2008 	Average stay great staff with some problems	When i first arrived at Hotel 91, the first floor was full of empty store fronts that made me think the person that built the hotel didn't plan very well. During check-in, everything went pretty well, staff was very friendly and helpful until an old chinese woman rudely walked right in front of me while I was checking in. She asked the front desk clerkif they needed any change, so I figured it was either a manager or the owner. After she left, and I was able to finally finish my check in, I asked the front desk clerk about who the woman was and she confirmed that it was the owner. This wouldn't have been that abnormal at a business except for the fact that 1.)She cut in front of me and interrupted me as I was speaking 2.)The owner was dressed as though they were going fishing and not working at a hotel. This happened again when I was downstairs getting directions from the staff. The owner still in her fishing clothes, interrupted the conversation out of no where and tried to help but all she did was talk for 10 minutes straight giving directions that I couldn't even understand When I got up to the sixth floor to go to my room, there was an old piece of furniture that looks kinda like a tombstone that fell apart. Also the lobby looks like they went to a garage sale and just bought everything and threw it in one room. As far as the actual hotel is concerned, the rooms were fair size for new york, and the staff was excellent. If not for a nosy owner and shabby decor, the place was a great find.	
Jul 21 2008 	The hotel is great it's the neighbourhood that stinks (literally).	The good: The hotel is relatively new so it's very clean with modern styled rooms. It's also very comfortable. The beds and pillows were excellent, as was the state-of-the-art AC/heating unit in the room (so long as you don't let your friend turn the AC off in the middle of the night causing you to wake up in a pool of your own sweat). My friend and I stayed on the fifth floor and we couldn't hear a peep from the street or bridge. Also the price was great compared to places closer to Times Square that looked fairly run down. I should also mention that the staff at the front desk (oddly located on the second floor) was very friendly and helpful. The distance from the nearest subway station is only a few blocks...just far enough for you to escape the crowds and the smell...The bad:Here we go. Chinatown is disgusting. The smell from the street vendors and grocers was horrible, like rotting fishy garbage that flows along the gutters. Now this is not something the hotel really has any control over but it's just unfortunate. As I mentioned above, luckily the smell and crowds of people only surround the hotel for a few blocks so if you can hold your breath while squeezing through a crowded sidewalk then you should be okay. Other things worth noting are that the water pressure in the shower on the fifth floor was really weak and the hotel only has one ice machine on the fourth floor. This bit is weird, when someone is taking a shower you usually can't hear it over by the beds but when the person in the room next door takes a shower you can hear it quite loudly. If you care about this sort of thing, the television in the room doesn't provide any sort of movie or video game services. There really isn't much to do in the neighbourhood (unless your favourite game is Guess That Smell*) so if you want a place within walking distance of any fun then forget it. You will need to call a cab or take the subway for sure.(*The answer is always: Rotting fish guts.)	
Jul 20 2008 	Recoomended For: Value (by NYC standards!) Cleanliness Comfort	This hotel had recently opened only a few months earlier as of my stay in July 2008. As a result, everything in the room was new, clean, and comfortable. The room itself was basic, but functional. I did not miss features you might expect in a more expensive place such as a sofa, fridge, of microwave. A room safe would have been nice to store a passport, however I understand a safe is available for storage at the front desk. Other reviews have complained about subway noise from the Manhattan Bridge. Our room was equipped with two sets of double-glazed windows, and street noise was not an issue.The hotel is closest (two stoplights) to the East Broadway subway station, and is very convenient to arrive at any destination in Manhattan or the surrounding boroughs. Be warned that while the hotel is extremely clean, it is located in the heart of Chinatown. At street level, the neighbourhood is safe, but definitely crowded, gritty, and smelled of food waste from the many restaurants and grocers.All in all, I would recommend this hotel on the following strengths: Price (by NYC standards), Cleanliness, Comfort, and Central Location. Given the basic amenities of the rooms and the unpleasant conditions on the streets outside, I would not recommend it for travellers who want their hotel to be a destination in and of itself.	
Jul 12 2008 	What an awesome find!	This was a true gem of a find! We got a great deal for 5 nights on Expedia.com. This hotel is located in the heart of Chinatown, which for the traveler looking for a luxurious stay will find a disappointment. However, if you're looking for a TRUE stay in one of the greatest cities in the US, then Hotel 91 could not be a better fit. One step out the front door and you are in the dead center of the Chinatown Marketplace. The fishy odor that many guests mentioned was not nearly as bad as commented. Rooms: Were incredibly spacious by NYC standards. Huge bathrooms. The rooms were very clean, everything looked new and in excellent condition. I should also note that there was an additional bathroom on each floor with a toilet, sink, and large mirror that was helpful with multiple guests getting ready in the mornings. Cleaning staff came each morning, were very friendly and efficient. Staff: As noted, cleaning staff was great. The front desk staff was also helpful and friendly, and were quick to give great recommendations as to where to eat in Chinatown. They held our luggage between check-out time and the time we left to fly out of NYC, which was very helpful. Location: As said before, this hotel is right in the center of Chinatown. It's such a culturally diverse spot, really a highlight of this area and this hotel. It is a very short walk to the subway. Many users noted that the train was very close by and this was an annoyance to them. The train was right outside our window and was not at all annoying, distracting, nor did it ever wake me up on any of the 5 nights of my stay. I hardly even noticed the noise, besides, who comes to NY to hang out in their hotel room?Overall I rate this hotel a 4-4.5. It was a great deal, excellent location, extremely clean, and I will most definitely be coming back in the future. All my friends that joined me on the trip were equally as thrilled as I was to find this great place.	
Jun 29 2008 	A gem in Chinatown	We stayed one night at the Hotel 91 during a stopover in New York City. We deliberately chose to be in Chinatown as we wanted an authentic Chinese dinner in the evning. Check-in was efficient and friendly being met on the ground floor by a porter, the check-in in on the 2nd floor. Within minutes we were in our room, the hotel is less than 3 months old so it was in a super condition. Flat screen TV, airco and a decent size modern bathroon/ shower with hairdryer. We knew in advance that the hotel is close to the Manhattan Bridge and you do hear the train at night, a sort of low thudding sound, although it didn't keep is awake. The beds were two queen sized, clean and comfortable although to get to the 2nd bed you do need to shuffle past the 1st one, there's not much room. After dumping our baggage in the room and freshening up we asked the young helpful staff where the best places to eat were, one of them recommended to us was &quot;The NY Noodle Shop&quot; a lively Chinese restuarant in Bowery street a couple of blocks away, If you don't fancy Chinese 5 minutes further takes you to little Italy. One thing you should know is that this is real Chinatown with all the sights and smells that entails. We loved it but know this maybe not to everybody's liking, my wife even had her hair done by a Chinese hairdressers 3 doors away !! When we checked out in the morning the hotel was kind enough to allow us to leave our bags with them until our transportation to the airport arrived, we also could wait in the lounge which has complimentary tea and coffee available. All in all this a good hotel, reasonably priced but you have to know about it's location, we'd be back for sure.	
Jun 25 2008 	New and nice hotel	We stayd in Hotel 91 for 4 nights after staying midtown Grand Hyatt for 3 nights. I liked both hotels and I am happy that I had an opportunity to stay in two such different neighbourhoods. Next time I will propably stay somewhere in downtown. Midtown will be option only if I get a great deal in 4 star hotel.Hotel 91 is conveniently located if you want have a dinner in Little Italy or drinks in the East Village. It is near to two subway stops and a short taxi drive to lot of interesting areas. We took a bus to Union square and subway to Brooklyn and walked across the Brooklyn Bridge. Taxi is difficult to get from this hotel but you can ask the staff call you a car. We ordered a car in advance to the airport and the price was 45 $ and it was told us in advance. The surroundings was exactly as described in other reviews: fishmarkets and a huge crowds except in the evening. We enjoyed it and I would definitely stay here again. We liked the hotel and the neighborhood, There isn't good coffee shops near by, we did not mind: we got our cappuccinos and espressos in Little Italy. You get instant coffee and tea from the hotel and something to eat from the 3 bakeries next door and you will get great lunch in chinatown. We had a double queen room for two and it was spacious for our needs. Room was new and matresses were good. New linen was nice although it wasn't changed during our 4 night stay. Everything was clean. Bathroom was chic and towels were changed every day. Bathroom was larger than we had in Grand Hyatt. With current prices I was satisfied what I got.	
Jun 23 2008 	Loved Hotel 91 in Chinatown	Hotel 91 is a great place to stay in NYC. It's in the heart of Chinatown, convenient for getting to any of the city's neighborhoods, especially Soho and the Village. Staff is fantastic, friendly, and helpful. Bed was big and clean. Flat screen TV in the room and a big hanging closet. Clean shower and bathroom, amenities, etc. Unbeatable value in a place where hotels are outrageously overpriced. I would definitely go back here any time I come to NYC.	
Jun 7 2008	Very Nice but Location is Everything	I m checking out of Hotel 91 today. We had a double twin for 4 nights. I am on the traiin side. Noise did not bother me since I can hear the trains at night at home as well. What bothered me is the smell walking in and out of hotel from all the Supermarkets. This was of the fish, garbage etc. I would not step in any of these because they all look incredibly filthy. And we did see a nasty rat runny wild in the street. And saw another running in the train staion where the cars would run. Thats 2 more then I have seen in my past 3 other trips.2 blocks from the F train. This mean at least 30 minutes to any attraction. 20 miute walk to the shopping district in Chinatown. 4th time in NYC in two years first time stayed outside of Midtown. No Starbucks for a good 15 minute walk. Could not figure out what restaurants to eat in because all the signs are in Chinese. Tried one, Mings Cafe right befind the F train stop. Yummy fried noodles. I don't think I saw one place to buy a six pack or bottle of wine. Sidewalks roll up here around 9:00pm while Midtown is happening.Room was cleaned well except, sheets were not changed. On the last day, no toiletries were given. Common areas very clean. One ice machine was not enought for all floors. There were no vending machines of any kind.Hotel staff helpfu and very nice. The night clerk was kind enough to help me figure out the thermostat which was a little tricky.I would not stay here again because because of proximity to Midtown. The walls were way too thin but hey, its just a little noise.Value is wonderful. I paid$155 a night.	
May 27 2008 	Value for money but don't expect too much	The hotel is relatively new, and as such hasn't gotten everything down yet (like housekeeping comes as late as 7pm some days), but value for money was there. The subway is 2 blocks away, Little Italy is a few blocks away. The hotel has hot water and instant coffee/tea bags in the lobby, but the closest good cup of coffee is over 1/2 mile away. The neighborhood is full of fish markets so smells terrible. The beds were comfortable, the rooms clean and the staff friendly. We got a special rate for an extended stay, so if you are planning to stay a few nights, call the hotel for a price quote.	
May 26 2008 	Chinatown convenience	At the time of our stay, this budget hotel, according to the staff, had only been open for a few weeks. The standard of the hotel is modest but good. Because the property is new, everything is clean and works properly. The rooms are, as most in NYC, small, but they are clean, equipped with a comfortable bed, a brightly lit private bathroom, hairdryer included, are individually airconditioned with remote control, and offer clock radio, telephone, and LCD televisions with a modest channel line-up. The true drawback of this hotel is its extreme proximity to the Manhattan Bridge. Anyone who has seen the Blues Brothers movie will recall Elwood's (Dan Aykroyd) response to Jake's (John Belushi) question regarding the frequency of the trains traveling past Elwood's room: &quot;So often you won't even notice them.&quot; Someone who is looking for silence should therefore look elsewhere. It should however be noted that the trains run less often at night. Also, while not &quot;paper thin,&quot; the walls of the room could have been made somewhat thicker to better isolate noise from adjacent rooms and hallway.The staff is courteous and speak English natively or at least very well. A request for left behind razor and shaving cream was promptly complied with. Leaving bags at the hotel, prior to check-in, as well as after check-out, was accommoted with ease. In all, our stay was a satisfying one. For those familiar with Chinatown bus travel, they will appreciate the hotel's proximity to the drop off zone on East Broadway. Hotel 91, refererencing its location on said street, is merely a block away. Let's hope the hotel will retain its current value and quality and we will surely return.	
May 23 2008 	Find someplace else unless you have to be right in Chinatown	The first review of this brand new property was helpful and accurate; ask for a room on the opposite side of the bridge, small rooms, etc. I took their advice. But on balance, the review may have been too friendly. Better than ask for all the concessions, etc.; simply don't stay here.I'm not all that picky about hotels, even though I've flown a million miles (really) and stayed in hundreds and hundreds of hotels. I want a hotel that is clean, quiet, convenient, has a decent bed and pillows, has a good iron and board, and has a shower that works properly. Your basic Hampton Inn or Marriott Courtyard is absolutely fine with me. I'm not a snob.This hotel, in the funky heart of Chinatown, simply isn't ready, and won't likely ever be. It appears to be still under some construction, but they did get a screaming deal on tile. A long, hollow hallway leading to the elevator is still largely empty. Chinatown is exotic and interesting, of course. But it's also smelly, filthy and crowded, making it difficult to even get down the street. The hotel doesn't offer a warm, welcome respite from that.I stayed in a room on the opposite side of the hotel from the subway, yes. But it had no windows, was relatively small, and was still a bit loud. New bed and bedding, a new armoire and desk (as if bought at Walmart), and a new bathroom. The shower, being that it was on the 7th floor, I guess, was more a &quot;dribble&quot; than a &quot;shower.&quot; Water barely came out. Ridiculous.Clean, yes. But no amenities. One example: there was no iron or ironing board in the room, so I called down to get one. That took about 30 minutes and a second call. But worse was the fact that the relatively new ironing board smelled terrible!! Like molding trash! And made my shirt smell awful, rendering it unusable. (They're obviously storing the board in the same closet as the trash, or in the alley, or something. Terrible.)A single elevator means that you're also going to wait a while sometimes.Another problem: it was very difficult to get a taxi from this location, and the subway line is not all that convenient.Needless to say, I won't ever be staying at this hotel again and recommend that you find another property as well - unless you're really interested in being right in Chinatown.	
May 14 2008 	Great value - but some drawbacks	Hotel 91 offers an excellent value in lower Manhattan, with a few drawbacks. Here are some notes of our experience:Pros: - Reasonable price - with prices around the same as they were for a mid-town hostel, this 3-star hotel was a bargain.- Newness - we could still smell the paint drying in the hallways. Bed, curtains, room finishes, etc...are all brand new.- Cleanliness - the lobby, hallways, elevator and room were all spotlessly clean. No sign of any dirt, insects or anything like that. The hotel was new and clean.Cons:- Room size - our &quot;single full&quot; (ie one double bed) room was very compact. There was a tall wardrobe, one bed, one side table and a flat-screen tv in the room and that is all that could fit in it. Clothes had to stay in the bags on the floor, and the room was very full. My guestimate is that the room was 10'x8' plus the bathroom, at most.- Noise - if you googlemap the hotel's location, you will see that it is right beside (ie right underneath) the Manhattan Bridge. Subway trains run through the bridge all day and night. From our room, we were basically looking directly at the subway trains running about 20 feet away. The trains were very loud. We are city people and used to quite a bit of noise, so we could live with it, but others might find it very hard to sleep with the noise. The other side of the hotel is probably better.Pro or con, depending how you look at it:Location - this hotel is located in the middle of Chinatown, with all the sights, sounds and smells that go along with that. Immediately outside the door the sidewalks are full in every direction with crowded stalls selling all manner of things from cheap sunglasses to live crabs. We love it, but your mileage may vary. Overall, this is a good new hotel. We would stay here again, as long as the prices don't go up too much. We would definitely try to get at least a queen size room, and definitely on the east side of the building. The staff was fine, not impressing us much one way or the other. The room amenities were indeed of a 3-star calibre - nice furniture, marble in the bath, new fixtures, etc... If you can live with the drawbacks, it is definitely worth a visit.	
Nov 15 2009 	Buon compromesso per NY		
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Oct 29 2009 	Grosses Zimmer alles sehr sauber Preise fr NY fast unglaublich		
Oct 22 2009 	Pulito e vicino alla metropolitana		
Oct 7 2009 	Ottimo Rapporto Qualit/Prezzo		
Oct 6 2009 	Inmejorable para Nueva York		
Sep 8 2009 	.... Non adatto a chi va per la prima volta a New York		
Aug 14 2009 	Ottima e sicura base in piena Chinatown		
Aug 11 2009 	Buen hotel mal emplazamiento		
Mar 16 2009 	vraiment bon rapport qualit/prix		
Feb 1 2009 	molto carino.		
Dec 4 2008 	el hotel fantastico pero la zona deja mucho que desear		
Oct 13 2008	Trs bon rapport qualit/prix		
Aug 27 2008 	Non male ma c' di meglio!		
Jun 14 2008 	nuovissimo e funzionale		
May 29 2008 	Buon hotel a Chinatown		
