Jun 26 2008 	Never again	I was looking forward to this place; so close to Central Park. But the room was very old feeling, very spartan. Air conditioning did not work well. Paid over $400 and they forgot shampoo. The linen wasn't good. There are no bathrobes. Permanent residents are also in this hotel; which is weird - seeing them in their robes etc. Won't go back, that is for sure.	
Apr 5 2008	Be Careful	Be Careful. The rooms are very tired. We had a one bedroom apartment. Air conditioning loud and essentially useless. Bath amenities were scarce and not ever replenished without request. The only staff that seemed to try were the elevator operators, but frequently there was only one. We were told we could not leave the dishes unwashed, yet when we checked the dishes on check-in, they were filthy. Trash remained in the halls and we observed housekeeping walk past it on several occations. We were given a NY Times that a resident had reserved, did not use since they were out of town, and charged $2.50. There is no lobby or other common space. I would try the Buchingham, Benjamin or Kimberly for a much better Manhattan apartment hotel experience.	
May 29 2007 	Upscale excellent location	The service and hotel is first-class. Excellent all around. Personally, I was not used to having so much attention, the elevator operator is a bit overkill. The location is perfect, close to shopping and restaurants but still a short cab ride to Times Square and Museum Mile. The rooms are bigger than some apartments in New York, plus the one I had came with a kitchen. Highly recommended.	
Aug 15 2006 	Gem of a Hotel	This hotel is great - have stayed in NYC a number of times and this far exceeds anything we have stayed in before in a similar price bracket.The rooms are really spacious with sitting areas and kitchenettes - ours had been newly refurbished and was clean, bright and airy. Would recommend a room to the rear of the Hotel avoiding the noise of Madison Avenue.The hotel is close to subways and only one block away from Central Park, also lots of lovely restaurants within walking distance and being on Madison Avenue - shopping is on your doorstep.	
Apr 18 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	This is a lovely hotel in a lovely location. We had 2 junior suites that were really spacious, 1 had a balcony overlooking central park which was a bonus, although the door didn't open fully so it was rather a squeeze to get on to it.Rooms were really clean and the bed sheets changed daily.Just a couple of minor complaints, the wallpaper in one of the bathrooms was coming off and the hairdryer in the other had fallen off the wall. Simple problems to fix but had been overlooked resulting in the bathrooms looking a tad shabby. All in all though very good, this was our fifth visit to New York and this was by far the best hotel. Would definately recommend	
Dec 20 2004	A Most Wonderful Hotel	We had seven rooms at the Carlton House the weekend before Christmas. Our family consisted of 18 people. This was the finest hotel experience I have ever had in New York City, and I have stayed in many hotels in New York over the years. The staff was super -- everyone was friendly and helpful at all times -- we couldn't ask for more. The rooms were very nice. The hotel had contracted a minibus for us, and everything went like clockwork. Overall, a wonderful experience!	
Feb 17 2004	Very Pleased with the Helmsley Carlton House	My wife and I just recently spent our Valentine's weekend in NYC and stayed at the Helmsley Carlton House Hotel. The hotel is in a nice, quiet location on the upper east side of Manhatten one block from Central Park. The hotel itself makes you feel like you are living in a penthouse in this exclusive enclave. The hotel lobby was beautifully decorated and the staff was friendly and the most helpful.We recieved a junior suite for what I believe was a a great price. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. All in all the hotel was the fitting piece to a perfect NYC weekend.	
