Aug 28 2008 	PC was a great temporary home	I lived at PC for a few months while my new apartment was renovated. (Note: PC is very popular for this; a high proportion of the guests here seem to be New Yorkers between homes; also a sprinkling of movie and TV stars in town for a gig.) You can rent a studio, one, or two bedroom (all with a kitchen) by the day, week or month. The rooms/suites are stylish, modern and comfortable. Great big flat-screens, Bose sound system, attractive lighting, nice kitchen and bathroom. My one-BR was quiet. PC's lobby is kind of stunning, I always felt special walking through it. PC's location is terrific, not just for Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle, and all the conveniences nearby like Barnes &amp; Noble, the gym, Balducci's, etc. Also it's a block away from the 1 and 9 train and several Broadway bus lines, so you can get around town easily and inexpensively. What I liked the best about this place was the staff. The doormen, desk people, housekeeping and maintenance people, they all give top-notch service. They were unfailingly friendly and helpful. The moment I had a problem, they were on it. They can arrange anything - car service, in-room massage, dry cleaning, messengers, show tickets, you name it. I felt very well taken care of at PC and I recommend it highly. My only caveat is that it's expensive. But you get what you pay for here.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great for long term stay (2 years)	Been there for 2 years while studying in NY. i got the apt 711 and I must say that it beats any other buildings in term of services and location (2 steps from colombus circle where my university was).Maid service available at any time. Balducci is just down the building. Jsut across the street, the supermarket and the cinema.just under the bulding tower record and Victoria s secret.the location rocks !the downside is the excessive price for long term stay (a bit more than 5500$/month).I'd definitly go back but I ll negotiate the price first.	
Nov 21 2005	A great base in NY	I've stayed here a couple of times recently, and I really like coming back to it. Rooms are 1-bedroom or studio apts, with (barely equipped) kitchens so in the mornings I could eat some cereal and make some coffee... from the Balducci's right downstairs, of course. You almost feel like you have your own (rather elegant) apartment in New York. The building is in fact a mix of hotel and condo, I think. A lot of performers coming to Lincoln Center stay there, I hear.Why I'm giving it 4 stars, not 5: first, the neighborhood -- I was glad to be out of midtown or Times Square, but I wish there were some interesting shops or restaurants right nearby... maybe there is and I haven't found it yet. (Though it's steps from the 1-line subway so easy to get anywhere fast.) #2, as a hotel it's hardly full-service. People are plenty nice but it just doesn't have the services of a 5-star place.	
Apr 12 2005	Great comfort and space	We loved the Phillips Club. Our one bedroom apartment with full kitchen was bright, spacious and very handsomely appointed. It was well designed and maintained. It was great having use of the Reebok Club across the street which is a terrific gym ____much better than the typical hotel facility.Also, we enjoyed the neighborhood and good location.Of course, if you are looking for all the amenities that are provided in hotels, ex. room service, attention to your every whim, this may not be the place for you. There is no restaurant or bar. But, we found the staff very courteous and helpful. We felt as if we were living in the city instead of visiting tourists.	
Nov 28 2004	Classy but pricey conference venue - excellent NY location	Resided at the Philips Club throughout a five day conference for Enicore Capital earlier this month, and had a very good impression overall. The service level of the conference organizers was top drawer, although they did charge accordingly.The junior suite boasts highly impressive bathroom facilities and a view that is out of the ordinary.There were minor shortfalls with the room service, such as waiting thirty minutes for tea to arrive in the morning. However, this is a fine New York hotel venue, which I would indeed recommend to the discerned business traveller.	
Nov 17 2004	a little disappointing	After reading the reviews here I was a bit disappointed at the Phillips Club. We spent two weeks there while apartment hunting and I found the reception staff almost uniformly unpleasant, verging on rude, to deal with. The doormen were pleasant and the location is good - Balducci's downstairs is a huge plus. The furnishings, kitchen and bathrooms were all acceptable, but everything is fitted to a budget, and there is considerable noise from the floor above (it is also a pretty noisy location, our corner apartment fronted Broadway and 66th St, both very busy). Nonetheless I still recommend the place as an excellent stopgap if travelling with children. The sheer size and pleasant neutrality of the rooms is the great appeal and for our family of four a 1br exec suite (with larger living space than the ordinary 1 br) was good value compared to two hotel rooms (as long as don't mind a sleeper sofa). It is certainly worth asking for a good deal if you phone, especially close to your arrival date. Just don't expect a warm welcome from the desk staff - even if you have been there for two weeks!	
Jul 26 2004	Love staying they	My parents and I love staying at the Phillips Club. We stay there almost everytime we go up. We usually take a 1 bedroom and I sleep on the couch. We like the fact that we don't step over each other in 1 room. Also we like the fact that there are two televisions and a kitchen. It helps especially in the mornings since we don't like big breakfast.	
Jun 3 2004	Favorite place to stay...	We have stayed at the Phillips Club twice in the last couple of years. I have stayed at a lot of places in NYC and this is by far the best yet. It's extremely clean and in great condition, the staff is very friendly and eager to help. The kitchen is wonderful; we were very surprised to find full sized appliances and everything we needed. There are a lot of restaurants in NYC but sometimes it's nice just to relax at &quot;home&quot; and be able to fix a meal even if it's only breakfast. The hotel is in a very quiet location. You have to travel a little to get to most of the touristy attractions but a subway entrance on the corner makes it very easy. In comparison to most of the hotels in the same price range, this one is far superior! I would recommend it to anyone and often do.	
Nov 17 2003	Second to none	Without question, the finest lodging experience I have evr had. Two tiny children, spouse, and I enjoyed the subway being right across the street, as was Lincoln Center. Nearby parking garage. Staff was beyond comparison - superbly cared for at desk, housekeeping, and door. If you have the means, live here.	
Oct 29 2003	Wonderful place	The Phillips Club is first rate in every respect. I had to laugh when I read the above review. That &quot;Italian grocery store&quot; is Balducci's. Arguably the finest gourmet shop in NYC. Their flagship store is attached to the Phillips Club lobby. Many Manhattanites travel a good distance to shop there. Do not miss the many varieties of smoked salmon, btw. Best selection in North America, IMHO.	
Aug 28 2003	Loved the Phillips Club	I loved the Phillips Club. We stayed in a suite and it was delightful to have the Italian Grocery store next store, free laundry rooms, wonderful door men (Dino was a doll). The front desk staff wanted for a smile or even a positive disposition. The rooms were beautiful, clean and well cared for. I truly enjoyed the stay. It was great for travelling with my 3-year old twin boys as we were so close to the park.	
Feb 10 2009 	Semplicemente perfetto		
