	Great place to stay while visiting NYC.	The location of this Hotel is Downtown, not Midtown, so if you want to go &quot;where the action is&quot;, you need to go by subway or taxi if you stay at the Wall Street Inn. That being said, staying here was simply a great experience. There is a so much history you just &quot;bump into&quot; being Downtown. We walked alot and learned the subway system, which for me is the way to go. We went as far up as 72nd street to walk through Central Park and go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We had 3 full days in NYC and barely scratched the surface of what this city has to offer. I expected Battery Park, The Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island and the World Trade Center to be close by, but to find St. Elizabeth Seton's shrine and the museum where the Magnicarta is held, to be right around the corner were unexpected treasures. The desk staff is not warm, but the cleaning crew always had a &quot;hello&quot; and smile for you. You really can't take it personally. However, it is amazing how many New Yorkers do NOT know where a good restaurant is. So, use your guidebook and map and you'll be fine. It is really hard not to have a good meal when in NYC, BTW. I found this hotel to be a great value and safe bet. Have fun!	
	A very clean easy connection hotel	Hi everyone of you travelers, of the world , I have stayed several times in NYC , Mostly in the Wall st area . Why - well 1-its not got lots of kids about 2-its Small enough to keep clean [very at the Wall S inn ]3- Good rates for holiday and weekends ,When business men not using hotel.The Wall Street Inn - was a fabulous little gem , min walk to tube entrance chose of 2 , [ 7 min and up to times SQ ]Staten ferry close by and tours to Islands . good small clean ,restaurants close byvery good continental B fast - simple and filling . My sisters were staying up at penn station , her comment as we visited my room at the WALL ST Inn was .just get me some pillows i dont mind sleeping in your Elevator !!! its better than our room at the Pen ! hotel .SCORE S ON THE BOARD 10/10 -E X CE LTHANKS gordon [ fussy guy been satisfied from SCOTLAND -UK www.alba4u2enjoy	
Nov 24 2009 	Fantastic!	Great hotel. We've been here for only 6 days but we appreciated the kindness of the staff, the breakfast (only the first day, 1st of january) the brownies were not so good, clean room and good to have a little fridge and a great TV	
Oct 21 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	Stayed here for 6 days last week. Very quiet area and equally as quiet in the hotel. Comfortable beds with nice decor (no polyester bed covers here!). Very clean. Beautiful area in terms of history of New York but is quite far from the &quot;action&quot;. Very safe area to walk around in day or night. Didn't bother us as the subway is very close (several stations including Wall Street and Bowling Green). Bought an unlimited pass which was great and got more than our money's worth! Lots of good restaurants and cafeteria style places to get food. The continental breakfast is ok but if looking for a big breakfast there are definitely other places to check out. Would definitely stay again as prices were great compared to overpriced rooms in the uptown or midtown areas. Only took about 15 minutes on the train to go from the southern tip of Manhattan to Times Square area. If you are the type of person that needs to take regular breaks and go back to the hotel several times during the day, this may not be the place for you.	
Oct 15 2009 	tidy and convenient	I stayed here last weekend, in town to visit some people. Most of the people in the hotel were there for a wedding. Once you find this place, it's really convenient to the subway lines being at the south tip of the island. The hosts were pleasantly Russian, so maybe the gnarly New Yorkers got shifted to the HoJo after being outed here. Dunno how it is on weekdays, but this is a good little spot for weekends. There's even a parking lot across the street, but don't get a car.	
Sep 8 2009 	Pleasantly surprised....can't wait to go back.	Because the rate of the room was so reasonable I was worried about what we would find. Pleasantly surprised by the great condition of the Inn. It was clean, welcoming and great location. The staff was friendly, and the room was nice. I thought it was a nice size room( who stays in their room in NYC anyway), VERY clean, and the bed was incredibly comfortable. There is a subway stop not far away and battery park is close by, so we were able to walk there and got there first thing at 815 am and got one of the first ferries. Which meant no lines. Another nice thing about this Inn is that they have a street of restaurants right behind them so you don't have to search for a place to eat. We stayed there on the weekend which meant it was very quiet. If you are looking for hustle and bustle of NYC, this is not the place for you. It was nice to see the hustle of NYC and then be able to come back to a quiet hotel for the night.The breakfast in the morning was nice. Nothing fancy but enought to fill you up.I highly recommend this Inn as a place to stay.	
Jun 23 2009 	Lovely place to stay- we will return!"	The staff was warm and welcoming from start to finish. We stayed over a week and felt at home by the end of our trip. We were always greeted with smiles upon entering and leaving the hotel. Our room gave the feel of a bed and breakfast. It was always clean and fresh. I am very picky about staying in clean hotels and this by far surpassed my expectations. I have stayed in Times Square but now prefer the short subway ride down and staying here.The area is safer at night since all of the financial district is guarded twenty four hours a day. During the day there are no street vendors outside - it is a pleasant place to stay. I hesitate writing a good review - I would like to keep this wonderful hotel all to myself and not have competition for booking a room. But I feel they deserve compliments for making our stay welcoming and wonderful! We will return and highly recommend it to others.Joette	
Mar 22 2009 	Hidden gem...small and quiet	This is a great hotel if you dont want to be in the madness of Times SquareIts near a subway, near Statten Island Ferry and lots of cool sites that you would see if you were up in Times Square.Rooms are clean.. pretty spacious. Bathrooms look new. The fact it doesnt have a swimming pool or fitness center means no screaming kids.. ( just go jogging instead)Staff are good. Helpful.We're coming back!	
Mar 11 2009 	Nice hotel...shame about the attitude!	We stayed at the Wall Street Inn over the New Year and were reasonably happy with the hotel.The rooms were well maintained and were an ok size.The continental breakfast every morning was good and we were particularly impressed by the fresh tea,coffee and pastries that were available 24/7 in the foyer.The main problem that we we encountered was the attitude of the staff and especially their local knowledge!There were two staff who were frosty and unwelcoming and one member who was pleasant but not very helpful when it came down to very basic information such as the nearest Subway station and the best restaurants in the vicinity!The lack of information regarding the local area proved to be very frustrating as most of the area was closed down for the holidays and some information about what places were still open,would have been very welcome!Battery Park is a 5 minute walk from the hotel,yet the staff were unable to tell us if there would be any fireworks occuring there on NYE(there was!)Shame really	
Feb 18 2009 	cozy and comfortable	We enjoyed our stay at the Wall Street Inn February 12-16, 2009. The service was good, the room small but comfortable. The location was where we wanted to be (downtown/financial district). There was a subway station close by that you could take the express train to Times Square-42nd street-- where you can find the action. Unlike staying in Times Square, it was quiet at night. It was especially warming to come back to the Inn for pastries and coffee during the day. Although The Wall Street Inn was very small it was easy to locate. They can arrange a car to take you to and from the airport for a reasonable fee. The housekeeping staff was efficient, and kept the room clean and comfortable. The pillows and bed lines were also soft and fresh.Maureen was one of the front desk employees who was very friendly and helpful. We hope to stay there again.	
Dec 9 2008 	Decent Hotel	We stayed at the Wall Street Inn starting the Friday after Thanksgiving. I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are small, but to be expected in NYC, but they were always clean as was the hotel as a whole. The location is just off Wall Street, hence the name, and is close to various subway stations making it easy to get anywhere in the city. (Although, many of the subway stations in that area had limited availability over the weekend while we were there, so be sure to check the NYC tranisit site before heading to the subway station). The location was generally quiet, especially on the weekend, which can be a good thing for sleeping, but not the best for finding stuff to do. Most of the bars in the area were &quot;corner&quot; type bars, great for stopping by for a quick drink before heading out to one of New York's more exciting neighborhoods. It is also close to the free Staten Island Ferry.A nice extra is their continental breakfast. It was basic, but the bagels were very good and they had hard boild eggs, which I loved! And it lasted until 11am - even on weekends.A big plus is they had free Wi-Fi which was fantastic for checking online for places to eat or the MTA (NYC transit) website.The staff was helpful, but could come off as a little cold at times. They did however suggest a car service to use which worked out fantastic. It was a flat $30 to LaGuardia (not including tip), regardless of rush hour traffic - in case you didn't know, you pay for waiting in traffic while in a cab in NYC.The price seemed comparable to other places nearby. They also appear to have weekend rates around $300ish, so check into it when booking the room. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Not in Winter	Initially we really liked this hotel. It it cute and seemingly well maintained. However, our opinions soon changed. As the reviews indicate, the staff is either temperamental or it varies. Two of the three front desk people we encountered were rude (memorably so) and unhelpful. My husband and I are young professionals. When we entered dressed for meetings they were cordial to indifferent. As we checked out in business casual attire, I arranged final payments. As my husband went to use the restroom, a gentleman very rudely and loudly gestured and tried to usher him out. Frankly, we were embarrassed and offended, and no one apologized on recognizing that he was a recent patron. No one should be treated that way. One woman was curt when I asked for directions to a major street. It took some time to get assistance to raise the heat in our chilly room, which was the least of my worries when they turned it off several hours before our scheduled checkout the following morning!!! I've read other references to the humidifiers, which I wish we'd had to alleviate the smell of mold in the bathroom. A cute establishment, but not ideal if you are traveling in winter, allergic to mold, or expect courtesy consistently.	
Nov 11 2008 	A real hidden gem	I stayed at the Wall Street for a weekend. The hotel is on a quaint street. You can't really tell that it is a hotel when you drive up. The staff was incredibly helpful. The rooms were nice and quiet. An overall pleasant experience. I was a single woman travelling alone and I was very comfortable	
Oct 17 2008 	A great find in lower Manhattan	This is a tiny gem tucked away in the heart of the financial district. We just returned from a two night stay and were delighted with the hotel--it is a well kept and lovely little boutique hotel that is a great place to stay away from the hustle and bustle of mid-town. Just one block off of Stone Street eateries, across the street from Delmonico's, close to subway stops, and close to Battery Park, it was all just terrific. The room was exceptionally clean and the decor was lovely.	
Sep 28 2008	Stay OK - Not more not less..	We booked this inn due to its nearness to the financial district, which is a clear advantage of it. Staff was okay, not overly friendly, elevator was working, and the rooms were nice enough, although of course a little noisy due to the dehumidifier on our floor. Stone street next to the building added to the noise, but also brought some good way to have quick dinner, so rather an advantage than disadvantage (might depend on what side your room is). Breakfast was okay, although space was an issue. We were put into a conference room to sit, which naturally was not very cozy... given the price-value ratio, this hotel was just New York average.	
Sep 17 2008 	Nice Inn Heart of Financial District	I chose this hotel due to its good reviews and its proximity to my business engagement the following morning. Check-in was painless and the room was very comfortable. I was concerned when I saw a dehumidifier chugging away in the hallway near my room on the 6th floor. However, it was a non-issue. I didn't notice any excessive humidity or noise. I would gladly stay here again. PROS: In addition to the nice rooms, directly behind the hotel is a pedestrian-friendly street that is blocked off to traffic. The roadway is full of picnic tables and a neat assortment of restaurants lines the street. CONS: I arrived on a Sunday evening. I took a cab for the &lt;4 mile ride from Penn Station to the hotel. I assumed at 9PM on a Sunday night it would be a relatively quick cab ride. However, traffic was so horrendous it took more than an hour ($30!) to reach the hotel. In addition, the hotel is tucked discreetly between non-descript buildings on a narrow one-way street, so it was a challenge for the cab driver to find the place. I was glad I had printed a mapquest.com map for him to use.For my return trip to Penn station the next afternoon, I opted for the subway and the trip was a mere 20 mins.	
Sep 2 2008 	Wonderful!	Awesome little hotel. Lots of cafe's around to grab food or drink. Room was gorgeous, clean, and spacious. Bathroom was unbelievable. Marble everywhere. Staff was very friendly. Continental breakfast was nicest I've ever seen. Def recommend.	
Aug 5 2008	Nice stay	We found this hotel through travelocity and then read the reviews on tripdavisor. We stayed for a long weekend (Friday through Monday) and found that the rates were much cheaper than other NYC hotels. Check In/Check Out: Both were easy and quick. We had no problems with having three people in the room and the process took minutes. When we checked out we were able to store our luggage in the hotel so that we didn't have to drag it around with us as we spent the day in the city. Room: The room was very nice, clean and quiet. Two comfortable double beds and really nice pillows. The bathroom was clean and had a nice shower with good water pressure. We did find that the room had a bit of a musty smell to it, but it wasn't a huge deal. Breakfast: The breakfast was good but very basic. It had bagels, cereal and a few pastries. Definitely enough to start us on our day, but if you usually have a big, full breakfast this might not be the best place for you. Surrounding area: The area is very quiet on weekends with few people or cars. This has its pros and cons in that everything closes down early on the weekend or never opens at all (when I checked in at 10 I went to find some food and nothing was open, also when we decided to go out for drinks there was little to choose from). But it also means that you don't have street noise when you sleep, which is nice after a long day of trekking around the city. However, it would have been nice to have been more conveniently located as we were required to either subway or cab into midtown everyday. Service: I thought the front desk service was great. The woman who worked there was extremely friendly, calling cabs for us and walking outside with us to make sure we can find them, storing our luggage for us and basically just being friendly. However, we did have a bit of a maintenance issue that I don't believe was idealy handled. When we came home on our second day of staying at the WSI we found that our toilet didn't flush (I think the chain was broken). We called downstairs and the maintenance man came up promptly and went into our bathroom. Where he proceeded to swear and grumble under his breath as he fixed the toilet. He then left without a word to us and when we went into the bathroom the floor was completely covered in water. We assumed he had left to get a mop so we waited 20 minutes before we finally gave up and called the front desk again. The man came back and cleaned up the mess and the problem was solved within an hour but it certainly wasn't done with the best attitude. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The room was great for the price and we made do with the location. The excellent front desk service and the breakfast were nice touches.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Little Inn Tucked Away in the Financial District	We just returned from a weekend stay in NYC at the Wall Street Inn. We had never stayed in this part of the city, but as it turned out, it was fine. The subway wasn't too far away, there is some good shopping a few blocks away at Broadway and Courtland (Century 21!!!) and there are a few restaurants nearby. The South Street Seaport was fairly close, which was convenient because we took a CircleLine tour of the waterfalls (recommended!). Also, there is a Duane Reade, a wine shop and a Borders pretty close by too. We had a wonderful dinner one night at Fraunces Tavern (historical tavern where General Washington bade farewell to his officers after the Revolutionary War), which was just a block from our hotel. If going uptown--it's the 1, 2, or 3, J, M, Z or A, C, E trains--BUT allow plenty of time, because you have a ways to go to get to the theatre district or midtown.Now, about the hotel itself--imagine a smallish, quaint, boutique-type hotel. Lovely lobby, helpful staff, and a good continental breakfast offered each morning until 11:00 am (bagels, sweet rolls, boiled eggs, cereal, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, tea). The rooms are a decent size--we had a double/double and had plenty of room. The beds are comfortable, and the bathroom is spacious and pretty--marble everywhere, a makeup mirror, a hairdryer and telephone. The bath towels were very white and plush (but not too plush) and the bathroom amenities were plentiful--soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, mending kit, shower cap and breath mints. We had a flat-screen television and a mini-fridge (great for holding the leftover Carnegie deli cheesecake!). The hotel is quiet at night--we didn't hear any street noise whatsoever. The rooms were cleaned thoroughly during our stay and chocolates put at our bedside each night. Also, a real plus was that our room was ready--even though we arrived at 9:00 am! They also store your luggage for free, should you need it.All in all, a wonderful stay and I will be back to visit the Wall Street Inn!	
Jun 15 2008 	Great value clean and quiet hotel	Great little hotel in the midst of downtown. Subway is not too far away. We walked to the Brooklyn Bridge, the Seaport, Battery Park, Staten Island Ferry, Wall Street etc. easily from the hotel.We had a standard double room with queen sized bed. It was clean and comfortable with a great bathroom and large TV. The continental breakfast was awesome and cups of tea were available throughout the day and night (essential for an Englishman!).We found the staff to be friendly and helpful and we would definitely consider coming back here next time we visit New York. The only downside for us (as tourists) was the location. Although the Wall Street area is quieter than the rest of Manhattan, we missed the convenience of being able to pop back to the hotel in the afternoon or throughout the day. As most of the action is around Midtown, we found this a bit irritating. At the same time, a hotel in Midtown is considerably more expensive (for the same quality), so it depends on what is important to you. If you are looking for a good value, comfortable and clean place to stay in New York and aren't to bothered about being slightly out of the action, then you will love the Wall Street Inn.	
May 5 2008 	No elevator!	No Elevator! Rude &amp; Dishonest.We checked in, gave our credit card and after the paperwork was signed they bring out a free bottle of wine and tell us the elevator is broke. We were on the fifth floor and had to take the stairs! The lady at the front desk is rude and unfriendly. We were also highly over charged for the third person rate. Had to argue to get it corrected. Too bad because this could be a very nice hotel if not for the staff. Nice rooms and good location.	
Apr 13 2008	quite nice	I booked this hotel for two nights because at that time it was the cheapest in Manhattan without any reports on bugs. Indeed it is a nice clean hotel with nicely decorated friendly rooms. The taxi driver from La Guardia did not succeed finding it although he claimed to know where the address was. So I had to walk the last half mile. It might be a good idea to have a printed out map available. It offers a very basic breakfast. It is located at the business district of lower Manhattan. At night this area is somewhat deserted. So for entertainment or dining you will have to take the subway. The nearest (quite near) subway station is Wall St. Front desk staff could be somewhat more friendly. The breakfast lady, however, was great! It is only a short walk to Staten Island ferry, which offers a GREAT view on Manhattan, both day and night.	
Mar 17 2008	Couldn't have been better	I had a LOT of trouble booking a last minut hotel, and The Wall Street in was pretty much the only option open to me. They allowd 4 adults in one room and didn't charge a huge extra persons fee.Parking is right accross the street, and the subway is just a short walk. The staff wasn't incredibly friendly, but they were professional and efiicient. The room was very nice, and CLEAN! no bugs! We are all ready planning a return trip! I would reccomend the hotel.	
Jan 10 2008	Hotel=Great Staff=Jerks	When I first walked into hotel I thought, &quot;Great pick!&quot; Then I checked in and the lady was quite anti-social and not so friendly. No big deal, so my friend and I carried all our bags by ourselves to our room. We entered our room and it was nice. Clean, great bed and bathroom. Some friends we were going out with came over to pick us up from our room, so they all came up and then we all went out.The trouble came when we all came back and my friends were saying goodbye. The front desk lady, the same unpleasant one that checked me in previously, called up to the room (around 7pm) and rudely accused me of sneaking people in to the hotel to stay and (the worse part) insinuated that we were all smoking up in the room! We're all decent young professionals, none of which smoke at all! Thanks for the age discrimination, I didn't realize that being 26 meant I was a deliquent.If you want an enjoyable stay in lovely New York, I don't recommend lodging at the Wall Street Inn.	
Dec 7 2007 	Quaint and Convenient	I couldn't pass up a trip to NYC, even if it was a business trip for my hubby. His business was downtown on Wall Street, so due to budget constraints, his company chose to book us at The Wall Street Inn. My first choice was the Hilton Millennium, so I was a little disappointed, but since it wasn't my dime that was being spent, I went with the flow.Tucked away on a quiet street 1-2 blocks from Wall Street, this hotel is a cute little gem! The interior design was a charming mix of colonial and turn-of-the-(20th)century era wall papering and linens. It was very clean and the bathroom was beautiful (I took pictures b/c I wouldn't mind designing something similar in my own house!). Rooms were decent-sized for a boutique hotel in NYC.Free breakfast was adequate and fresh, staff was friendly enough and helpful.Minor complaints include the fee to use the &quot;Business Center&quot; even if you just wanted to hop on the computer for 5 minutes. Also, the maid-service was a bit too loud at 8:00am on both Saturday and Sunday.Overall, it was convenient, cute, clean, a great price and I would consider booking there again on future NYC trips, even if our business wasn't in downtown.	
Nov 25 2007 	Lovely little hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights with my partner while attending a conference. Upon arrival, staff were very friendly and chatted with us as we checked in. They then gave us our key and told us how to find our room.Location:The hotel is on a small, one way street right off Wall Street. During the weekdays, there were a number of business people floating around, particularly during lunchtime. It is a short walk to Ground zero and battery park and should you wish to go further, Wall Street station is up the top of William Street. The subway was very efficient, both with cost and time, and easy to use. The best feature of the location was at night, when it was considerably more quiet than uptown areas, allowing us to relax after busy days of sightseeing and shopping. Although there were few people around at night, at no time did we feel unsafe.Room:The room itself was at the back of the hotel, facing onto Stone Street which has a very popular (and noisy) restaurant. Luckily we were a few levels up and weren't disturbed by the noise. Rooms at the back (or front) of the hotel (rooms ending in 01 or 08) are smaller than the ones on the side, but they do have a window, which, I think, was a fair trade off. The bathroom was also smallish, but I suppose I was expecting that since we were in New York. Bathroom:The main problem was that the bathroom has only a sheer curtain over the window, and at night I'm sure that people in the building next door can see right in when you take a shower with the light on. The water pressure was also a bit low, but passable.Airconditioning:It seems that a few reviewers have mentioned problems with the rooms being either too cold or too hot. Well, we had both! The airconditioner seemed to have some really weird cycle where it would go from being far too cold to being, really, quite too warm. This meant that we were constantly pulling up the covers and then throwing them off all night. The thermostat didn't seem to be easily adjusted. Pressing the warmer and cooler buttons didn't change the temperature displayed on the thermostat and the room didn't feel like the temperature it displayed either... weird. On top, the unit was very noisy (think airplane), although that didn't bother me too much since it drowned out the noise of my boyfriend snoring :P But overall, a good room:Positives of the room included a safe, iron and board, hairdryer, new carpeting and bathroom and everything was spotless. The bed was really comfortable with down pillows.Breakfast:Breakfast is served between 7am and 11am each morning and included a variety of cereals (accommodates both kids and adults) with full cream and light milk, pastries (chocolate, jam etc), fruit, bagels and toast with various spreads and tea, coffee and hot chocolate. The tea and coffee facilites are avilable all day and they provide cups with lids if you want to take it with you.Staff:Whenever we encountered the staff, they were friendly and helpful. We got the concierge to book a taxi for us the day we left. He let us know when it arrived and went out with us to point it out (there were a few there).Fantastic overall - if we were to go to New York again (and could get a reasonable price), we would definitely stay here.	
Nov 11 2007 	Fantastic Oasis of Calm	After reading the positive reviews on tripadvisor, we booked 5 nights at the Wall Street Inn and we were not disappointed. We booked a superior room with a jacuzzi bath and arrived tired and weary looking forward to a long soak in luxurious surroundings. When we checked in we found our room was not what we had booked,it was quite small and had a small bathroom. After contacting the desk clerk and showing our confirmation letter we were moved to the room we had booked, a superior king size, much bigger room and wow what a bath! After pounding the streets all day it was wonderful to come back to our room and soak our tired limbs. The area is fairly quiet which we enjoyed after the hustle and bustle of times square etc. The hotel is clean and the rooms have everything you need from a safe to an iron and ironing board. The breakfast was good with great coffee, which really set us up for the day! I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for something off the beaten track and we will definitely be returning.A good tip someone on here gave was to show the taxi driver a map of this hotel as it is in a one way area and can be tricky to find.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for two nights in early November, since I was participating in the New York City Marathon.I was extremely lucky to find this hotel in Travelocity beceuse every major hotel was sold out. I'M GLAD THAT THIS HAPPEDNED SINCE THIS IS A GREAT HOTEL.Even though the hotel is located in the Wall Street area and the action is in Midtown, the room and accesibility compensate for everything else.My room was spacious and clean. This could have been considered a Jr. Suite in any Midtown hotel.I will definitetly come back with my wife for a romantic weekend.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great for the price	I stayed here on business after choosing it over the Millennium Hilton, the site of my last visit. It was literally half the price ($250 v. $500) and worked out quite well. The room was spacious and the bathroom had all the modern amenities. The bed was comfortable and I was not bothered by outside noise (6th floor). There's nothing fancy about this place but it's a great performer for the price. I'd stay there again!	
Oct 16 2007 	Great little inn!	Stayed at Wall Street Inn Sat &amp; Sun night in October. Nothing too fancy, clean, comfortable, very polite (if minimal) staff. A fantastic value vs. other &quot;big name&quot; hotels in the area and easily walkable to lots of fun destinations: South St. Seaport &amp; Fulton Market area on the east side, beautiful Battery Park and the Hudson River parkway on the west. Based on conversations overheard, seems to attract a fair number of Europeans, and it had a simple, no-nonsense Euro feel about it. Nice continental breakfast options in the morning. Delicious restaurants are also very much within walking distance...esp. liked the historic cobblestone street full of cafes right behind the hotel. Only downsides: parking, should you need it, is only available at a public lot across the street (hotel has no valet or parking of its own) and the fitness center in the hotel is really more of a basement room with a few machines and a sauna and steam room added on. But, there are several fitness clubs nearby so I'm sure a day pass to a bigger/better place is possible if you need it.Overall, delighted with the value and the accommodations. Thumbs way up.	
Sep 10 2007	Fantastic Hotel!	My sister and I stayed here over the Labor Day Weekend (and got a great rate!) while we shopped for her wedding dress and shoes etc! We found the Wall Street Inn to be in a great location and very clean, the breakfast was also more than enough to get us going in the morning. We spent a lot of time traipsing all over New York to various appointments and used the subway extensively.The staff were all very pleaseant and I can highly reccommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again next time I am in NY!	
Aug 23 2007 	Clean hotel good value fun location	Great hotel - extremely clean, good value, and close to all the lower Manhattan tourist attractions, like the Statue of Liberty, the Museum of the American Indian, and the Brooklyn Bridge (make sure to take a walk across the bridge - the photos can't be beat!). Very safe neighborhood, since security guards are everywhere to protect the New York Stock Exchange and the Wall Street finance houses.One tip: take a printout of the map showing its location, since taxi drivers have trouble finding this small street.	
Jul 23 2007 	Room 10 - Staff - 0	The Wall Street Inn is a good value for a weekend stay. The rooms are a good size for NYC and the bathroom has very nice appointments. The air conditioning is too loud. You must place the air on low in order to get sleep. As a business traveler I puposely seek out hotels based on location and service. While the hotel room and public areas are nice the service is severely lacking. I first sensed a problem when I had to call a few times to confirm that I could ship boxes for a presentation ahead of my arrival. The woman who answered the phone barely spoke let alone new english. I called another time explaining that I will need assistance in shipping my items back to Los Angeles. I was told no problem but then I was told that they (hotel) did a UPS account and that I could pay the fee. Upon my arrival with my luggage and luggage cart - I received no help to get my items through the door. The staff watched - again - the STAFF WATCHED. The gentleman said &quot;oh, I'll help you up to your room because I use to be a bell hop.&quot; I asked about shipping the items back via UPS and was told, &quot;the manager locks the supplies so we can't send them out until Monday.&quot; That's strange to me but I told them Monday was fine. The housekeeping staff were abrasive but I do believe it was due in part to their cultural environment (Eastern Europeans). Upon checking out I requested the luggage carrier and was told &quot;I can come downstairs to get it&quot;. The 3 staff members at the desk - talking to one another - pointed in the direction of the carrier and said, &quot;It's over there.&quot; They never helped!!! I pack my belongings on the carrier and through the lobby. I then asked about shipping my items back and was told &quot;Oh we dont have a UPS, Fedex, or DHL account - can we ship the boxes USPS.&quot; At this point I didn't care - I just wanted out and better service. The continental breakfast is fine nothing special. The hotel is good if you are NOT a business traveller. I find it interesting that the Wall St Inn is in the financial district which caters to businesses and business travelers but the service to business travellers in this hotel is AWFUL. The staff's attitude was &quot;you should be glad I do anything&quot;. I thought I was alone in my experience until I hear 2 other people attempting to advise them that they're room was too hot and that the air conditioning was not working. The staff's response was &quot;Okay&quot; and the staff members continued with their business. When the car service arrived another guest - the Wall St. Inn state member tells him - &quot;Your car is here&quot; and proceeded to continue doing what they doing. There were at least 3 car services in from of the narrow one way street. The hotel guest had to ask each driver &quot;Are you for me?&quot;. Absolutely ridiculous. I would only stay in this hotel if I had no other choice. Room 10 - Staff - 0.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great Hotel!	I loved this hotel! Stayed there 6/1-6/3/2007. The staff was very nice and accomodating - room was very big for a New York hotel - bathroom was beautiful, looks like it was recently remodeled. The area was very quaint - coble stones on Stone Street behind the hotel. The free breakfast was fresh, and they had a good selection. The air worked great, and the windows opened also, which was nice for taking a &quot;view from my room&quot; photo. The only issue we had was luke-warm water in the shower, but since it was over 90 degrees outside, it wasn't a big deal - had it been the middle of winter, I might have complained. I would definitely stay at the Wall Street again!	
Jun 13 2007	Delighted.	My first stay in New York and therefore cannot compare this hotel with others but I can say that I would be delighted with this standard anywhere. The buffet breakfast and 'on tap' all day tea/coffee was very welcome and although no other meals are available, the hotel backs onto a small (?historic) street with a number of restaurants. These seemed to be buzzing with the young who work in the financial area. We found the staff pleasant and helpful. We chose this area because it was relatively close to Battery Park. Even at our age (70's) we found it easy to walk there from the hotel. When we preferred to call a taxi, there was always one passing close by. To summarise, we enjoyed our stay in this small hotel and would definitely return.	
Jun 2 2007 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was recommended to me by a friend who lives in NYC while I was on business in the Financial District. Stayed in a roomy, immaculate corner room with a nice view. Make sure you have a map and landmarks to give directions to the cabbies - this is on a small side street that's hard for them to find. However, that also means this is a very quiet, relaxing location - great after the hustle and bustle in the district. The only problem I ran into was an unexpected cold snap in the first week of October. When I complained that turning the room's heater on seemed to do no good, I was advised by hotel staff that the building's heater was not due to be turned on until the middle of October, so the rooms were extremely cold the first day (well, for this Floridian). The weather warmed up the next day, so I didn't have to find out what the hotel's &quot;plan B&quot; would have been.This hotel was far superior to the ones I've stayed at in Midtown, where room rates near $400 to $500 /weekday at a chain/franchise hotel can often get you a &quot;3 star&quot; hotel with 2-star quality. The Wall Street In is off the beaten path yet very convenient. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 20 2007 	The best place to stay in the Wall Street area!	I booked this room through the hotel manager. I stayed in the largest room in the hotel, the double Queen on the top floor. The room was lovely the bathroom was brand new and immaculate. My room included a continental breakfast which was far above the standard, lots of choices all fresh and delicious. Lovely management and staff.This hotel is one of NYC'S best kept secrets.Everything is just a cab ride away so really nothing is out of the way.	
Dec 8 2006	Out of the Way	The bathroom was newly remodeled, which was very nice. The room and bathroom were very small, and the bed was firm, but comfortable. Many cable channels to entertain us. Very quiet! Very nice lobby. Free internet access with one computer in the lobby. Fitness Center was very small with 2 or 3 machines.However: Our room had a very strong smoke smell, someone had apparently smoked in the room illegally. I wish the hotel had done something about this, but they had not apparently aired out the room at all. The AC was very strong. I was always feeling either too hot or too cold, and the air fanned our faces in bed all night long, which was not very controllable, causing over the course of a week my developing allergic rhinitis and ear irritation. The hotel was in lower Manhattan around which there were few sights/restaurants/shopping, so we had to take the subway everywhere. The nearest subway station was very close, but on the weekend late nights we had to figure out the correct route to get back to the hotel as some routes were closed.	
Nov 7 2006 	Surprisingly elegant!	I recently stayed on a Sunday night at the Wall Street Inn as a first time visitor, as it was located near my early morning destination.It's a bit difficult to find, being wedged on South William street in between the two Wall Street subway stations. A hint to find it is to walk down Beaver Street behind Delmonico's. Either Wall Street subway station is just a couple of blocks away - which gets you quickly to midtown or the theatre district.Reception had my proper reservation, and they were efficient, if a bit gruff and uininvolved at checkin. I was given a room on the third floor with a queen bed - all items in the room appeared either new, or newly upgraded. The design is boutique old world European, with muted floral bedspread and drapes, tasteful artwork, and matching furniture. The room seemed fairly large for Manhattan standards. There was a welcome package of toiletries such as mini toothpaste and lotion - along with an energy bar and vitamin drink mix.The bathroom is lovely, with marble shower, pedestal sink, and items you would expect in 3-4 star hotels, such as lighted mirror, expensive soap/shampoo. Loads of towels were in the room, a nice touch. All was meticulously clean.The rooms have individual heating/cooling systems, which mine seemed to loudly alternate between heat and air conditioning during the night. I got up and turned the system off at some point, as the noise kept me awake. Other than this, there was not much internal noise, but a Sunday night stay may have been the reason. Some outside street noise in the morning, but no more than most Manhattan areas. The queen bed was a bit hard for my liking, but seemed new and not overly uncomfortable.The television seemed new, and worked perfectly. All lights in the room worked, and there seemed to be adequate light, which is a plus. The ironing board and iron are tucked away behind a mirror in the room by the front door. A personal item safe is included in the closet.There's a small room off of the lobby where a continental breakfast is included in the morning. During the day, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate are available. The Wall Street Journal is given in the morning.The hotel has an extensive room service menu that includes local restaurant choices that can be delivered to your room. Spa services are available as well from a nearby exercise studio. The hotel has a workout room, but I did not use it.Just behind the hotel is a street which is roped off as a pedestrian alleyway, and includes a number of bars and restaurants. I visited Adrienne's Pizzapub and was surprised to see a steady stream of patrons on a Sunday night at 5:30. The waiter informed me that more residential units have been built in the Financial District, and that more people are moving there - thus an increased weekend foot traffic flow.Weekend rates are considerably lower than workweek rates, so keep this hotel in mind for weekend trips. One odd item - at checkout, they refused to give me a receipt and insisted my Travelocity receipt would have to suffice. I have never had this issue come up at any other hotel.	
Nov 6 2006 	Great Value More Convenient than expected	We usually stay uptown with our kids because it is close to sites, playgrounds and friends. However, my daughter really wanted to see the Statue of Liberty this time. I found this hotel on the web and called them to ask what was open near them on the weekends since that was my husband's biggest worry. When I was quoted the price of $129 including continental breakfast, I couldn't turn it down!! The rooms were very spacious for NYC and the bathroom was much nicer than our bathroom at home. Our view was off scaffolding, but given the price, I didn't mind. It is an easy walk to the Staten Island Ferry and Battery Park, and even my whiny 4-year-old was able to walk to South Street Seaport and the Brooklyn Bridge - all pleasant walks in the summer. There is a cool fenced-in playground just north of the Seaport that my kids enjoyed.I figured I would use the money I saved on the hotel for cabs, but the hotel is so convenient to subways that we didn't use a cab once. We even walked to the subway with our bags, again - even the 4-year-old. Even with the weekend subway work, we could easily get to both the west and east sides. Also, you are a very short subway ride to some great Brooklyn sites, such as the Botanic Gardens. We didn't go to Brooklyn this time, but plan to the next time we stay at this hotel (and there will be a next time!)There aren't a huge amount of stores and restaurants open on the weekend, but if you look around you can find some. We had a great birthday dinner for my husband at Smorgas, in a cute cobblestone alley right behind the hotel.The continental breakfast is adequate and a blessing when traveling with kids - they just want to eat and get out.If you want to be in the middle of the hubbub of Manhattan, so the club scene, or be close to shopping, this is not the place for you. However, if you want a quiet, reasonably priced, convenient hotel, this place is great.	
Oct 31 2006 	Nothing less than perfect	This is the best NY-deal you can get on the weekend for various reasons: Can you name a beautifully furnished hotel in Manhattan with a four-star-quality that offers stylish rooms for 170 dollars? And as the Wall Street area is quiet on weekends, it's a perfect place for a good sleep. Rooms have all amenities and are cozy. A good continental breakfast is included. Subway is just a block away and Ulysses Bar on the other side of the street is a perfect pub for the late nite drinks. I´d always come back to the Wall Street Inn. Rates explode on Monday till Thursday - but even 270 Dollars would be a good deal in the week - we are talking about Manhattan.	
Oct 28 2006 	Okay for business	I recently stayed at the Wall Street Inn while on a business trip to New York. It is a boutique hotel that has the feel of some of the traditional hotels I have stayed at in London. The hotel is a little difficult to find because it seems to branch off William Street. If you are going there in a cab (understanding that most NYC taxi drivers don't know where they're going), tell the driver it is across the street from Delmonico's. What made it even more difficult at this time is that there is a scaffolding in front of it. You don't go to this hotel for the view. It is a very small hotel that looks out on a narrow street. The first room they gave me was on the second floor looking directly at the scaffolding (it also smelled as if someone had been smoking in it, even though all the rooms are supposed to be non-smoking). So I had them change me to a higher floor so I could have a peek (and I mean, peek - especially since the windows were so dirty) of sunlight. When I got to my room I had various small problems (couldn't get the internet to work, safe wouldn't lock, etc.) but the best thing about this hotel is that every single time I called them I got an immediate and courteous response. If they said they would send someone up right away, they really did. Other than that, the stay was comfortable (although the bed was too soft for my liking), the room was a decent size and the location is accessible by foot to pretty much anything in the Wall Street area, as well as to a subway station. One other good thing is that there is a complimentary continental breakfast, and I found that there was always coffee and some type of pastry or cookie available every time I went into the little breakfast room.	
Oct 2 2006 	Would not stay here again	I and a friend booked a two-night stay as part of the hotel's weekend special. After a late night Friday evening, we were given a 6 a.m. wake up call Saturday that we did NOT ask for. On the second night, we returned to find our room had not been cleaned. When we notified the front desk, the night manager said we had a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door. When we told him that was not the case, he simply replied that it was too late, the maids had gone home and there was nothing he could do. He was extremely rude and abrupt, and made no offer to move us to a cleaned room, or to provide at least a clean set of towels. When I asked to speak to the manager, he said I would need to call back on Monday when someone is there.I would not return to this hotel. If the hotel wants to attract weekend visitors they should upgrade their services on the weekend.	
Sep 21 2006	Quaint Hotel in Financial Dist.	My husband &amp; I stayed for one Saturday night because we could not get reservations anywhere else for that date. We were very pleasantly surprised with the hotel &amp; with our room. The room was beautifully decorated &amp; impeccably clean. They offer free high speed internet connection &amp; a very nice continental breakfast. Realy quiet area on weekends. It is about a 5 minute walk to Battery Park &amp; the WTC site. The area isn't very well lit and we were a bit cautious at night, only because there are not many people out on the street in this area at night. We also had a hard time getting a cab from here. We ended up haaving to walk about 2 blocks with all our bags to hail a cab. Aside from these 2 little inconveniences, i would not hesitate to recommend thi hotel.	
Jul 5 2006 	Unique in NYC !	The trip from Newark Airport via airport van was a grizzily -- long queues of traffic at the tunnel and into the city. Pulling up to the Wall Stree Inn --located on a quiet street-- was a positive relief ! Entering the quiet lobby --and finding the reservation for the room to be 'in order'-- was yet better.A single elevator goes from the lobby to one of seven floors, with about six rooms to a floor. For New York City, Wall Street Inn is unusually small, as well as quiet. On the seventh floor, some of the rooms have sittiing areas -- and this provides space for in-room dining. Carry-out menus are in the room (the hotel serves continential breakfast only, which is included in the price). The continental breakfast is more than adequate -- with bagels, cream cheese, cereal, juice, coffee/tea. Also, on weeek-ends breakfast service runs until 10:30 am (welcome span of time !).Downtown New York --the location of the Wall Street Inn-- is the oldest region of New York City, and on a week-end especially, the foot and street traffic are low. Also, the area is free-er of tourism than other areas of NYC. Makes for a nice stay.For the return to Newark airport (as well as other airports), the reception desk will arrange for a private auto -- worth the extra cost over the van service !If lookiing for a small, quiet, non-commercial hotel in New York City, Wall Street Inn is a great choice !	
Jun 27 2006	Great little hotel friendly staff	I stayed at the Wall Street Inn for two nights in June 2006. Though it's not exactly located in the most convenient location - the Inn is indeed an excellent hotel, with friendly staff, comfortable rooms and very good facilities. I would certainly go back the next time I'm in town.	
Jun 21 2006	Perfect for weekends	We stayed here on the night we got engaged. It was perfect and not too expensive. The concierge was happy to allow my friend to check in for us before hand and decorate the room with rose petals for when we arrived. The Jacuzzi bath was fantastic and worth the (very modest) extra payment. The rooms are very well presented and spotlessly clean complete with little extras such as bath robes and toiletries. We didn't hear a wink of noise either. Prices do go up during the week but all in all this is a perfect place to spend the weekend.	
May 30 2006	Perfect for a weekend stay	I stayed at the Wall Street Inn during my weekend trip to Manhattan, and it was an outstanding experience overall. The room prices were amazing for the location, and the room was clean and comfortable. It is a bit out of the way and quiet, but that was a welcomed departure for the city.The free internet connection was a huge plus for me as well, as I like to always be connected, and many hotels charge a fortune for that or don't have high-speed connections at all.The only downside during my stay was that the subways in that area of lower manhattan were running very poorly (if at all) on the weekends -- especially at night. There is a lot of construction going on. Also, for some reason it was difficult for cabs to locate the hotel since there are so many blocked roads around Wall street. However, this was not too much of a problem as I became familiar with the area very easily and was able to walk the few blocks if necessary. Just be aware that if you want to use the subway stations in the area that weekend routes are modified or inactive.	
Apr 18 2006	An oasis of peace in NY		
Nov 17 2005	Neat Hotel in the Financial District		
Aug 16 2005 	Very incompetent		
Jul 22 2005	Nice hotel good location		
May 29 2005	Pretty good hotel -- right near Wall St. Subway Station.		
Apr 11 2005	a real jewel		
Dec 15 2004	Enjoyed our stay		
Dec 9 2004	Excellent option for a NYC stay		
Sep 19 2004	Great quiet hotel		
Jul 26 2004	Great find!		
Oct 22 2006 	Prinzipiell empfehlenswert		
