	A Cheap Break	Stayed here for 2 night using some of my points.Yes it is off the beaten track a little but no more than a five minute walk to Times Square and all the hussle and bussle you will need.I would say this is an up and coming area not a run down area as there was construction going on and I did not hear anything throughout the night and cannot comment on the day as we were out. We were on the 31st floor with a great view of the Empire State building and of the Hudson River. Friendly staff that gave good information regarding local services and also organised our return taxi to the airport.We did not feel frightened going out of the hotel anytime of the day and the roads are well lite at night and the hotel is only a couple of hundred yards from the main 8th avenue.I would recommend this hotel on a budget as it is fairly new everything is clean and tidy there is a small kitchen in the room if you want to bring your own food back to cook	
	Nice Hotel..Not so nice neighborhood	My wife and I stayed for the weekend and found this hotel well located, but many constructions surrounding the area makes it noisy day and night. Did not know was a long-stay hotel meaning our rooms were not done until we were out.	
Nov 24 2009 	Adequate...but "Times Square" location misleading	Stayed here on Priority Points but would question whether I would pay for this property. For budget conscious travellers, it’s perfectly adequate. In fact, the new rooms are crisp and clean although I did find some hot water problems and a bathroom basin that was pretty clogged. Room size is compact but better than some more expensive hotels. Main issue here is the location - pretty uninspiring and a little too far away from Times Square to be considered a &quot;Times Square&quot; hotel. The misleading title is compounded by the very shady and uninspiring 9th Avenue which is the closest 'main drag' to the hotel. For this reason alone, I would think twice about paying for a room here. The second reason I would be hesitant to return is the lack of room service (cleaning/beds). If I am paying around $180 for this room, I would expect my room to be serviced daily rather than the weekly arrangement. With few breakfast options on the block, you are better off staying at the Holiday Inn Express next door for a few bucks more. However, the room had a lovely flat-screen TV (and DVD), fast &amp; free internet, great microwave and a full-size refrigerator which might be great for long-stay guests but superfluous for short stay vacationers. Overall, the location &amp; misleading name of the hotel puts me off staying here again. For a little extra, there are better bets.	
Nov 16 2009 	Very Enjoyable and Nice Staff	I am all about reviews so I will try my best. The hotel is brand new, so it is definently different from hotels in New York for hotels in this price range. I personally felt very comfortable walking around. Time Square is a less than 5 min walk. Madison Square Gardens 5-7min walk. Hotel staff was very nice and accomadating. They held our luggage for the entire day after we checked out. Rooms were average size with a full kitchen. Bathroom was clean. Bed was very comfortable and there was a 42&quot; flat screen tv. I personally thought this was a great place to stay for those with a budget. Close to Times Square, Subway, yet just enough away from the noise. There is a great place on the corner of 39th and 8th that serves breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert. Hope these reviews helped.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed for two nights for a leisure trip to NY. The hotel is brand new and looks the part. The rooms were clean and well equipped. While the rooms are not large you don't feel trapped in the room due to the nice layout. Having the full size fridge was handy. The rooms have a 42&quot; TV that offered some HD Channels which was great. We arrived early in the morning, and unfortunately the hotel would not allow us to check-in until the mid afternoon which was a minor disappointment but they did stow our bags for us.The location is convenient as the Subway is very close by and and close to Times Square. The neighborhood where the hotel sits is not glamorous - but I didn't feel unsafe returning late at night.I would return to this hotel in the future.	
Nov 1 2009 	Pleasantly surprised but don't walk late at night near Port Authority	I usually go above a 2** hotel and was wary of staying near Times Square at one... However, I was pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness, amenities (full kitchen!) and size of the room (not big, but hey, it's New York). Everything was fresh and seemed new and it wasn't noisy.  However, I was scared walking from a show down Ninth Avenue when I got to 41st street...there were lots of very sad looking people hanging out and that plus rowdy bars nearby made me wish I had walked down Eigth Avenue instead.	
Oct 31 2009 	Has the potential to be very good - not there yet.	This hotel is 4 blocks from Port Authority or 6 blocks from Times Square. It's in the up-and-coming Fashion District outskirts, and felt safe. The Candlewood Suites sit between the Holiday Inn Express and the Hampton Inn. 32 stories with only 6 rooms to a floor.Pros:* The rooms themselves are lovely. They are little studio suites with a mini-kitchen (full sized fridge). The decor is cozy and beautiful.* Nice workout room. It's in the basement, but fully equipped.* Free laundry room. Great touch! Provide your own soap, but the new washers and dryers are without charge.* Very quiet rooms. We didn't hear a peep from other guests the whole time.* Fast elevators. Two elevators that go from 1st to 32nd floor in about 10 seconds.* Price. For the area, this is pretty reasonable. Cons:* The staff - With the exceptions of Jamie and Kenyetta who were wonderfully attentive and helpful, the staff seemed mostly annoyed with the requests of the hotel guests. Night staff was considerably better than the day crew, but I can only surmise that this is the &quot;trainer&quot; hotel for the other two. It's not the place to go if you're looking for top-notch service (the HIE next door, however, has amazing staff!).* No business center - It's advertised on their site as having one, but there isn't any. You can go next door and use theirs, but it's only 2 and there is always a line.* No breakfast - Again, you can go next door to their buffet (sensing a pattern here?).* The common areas - Simply put, they lack any semblance of luxury. This feels much more like an apartment lobby than a hotel. The staff's work area is open to view, the carpets in the halls look old, and the lobby lacks any sense of warmth.* Hot water - At night, it takes about ten minutes for the shower water to heat up. We didn't seem to have that problem in the morning, though.Overall, if price is your main concern, this is a decent hotel for the location and the money. If you can afford the extra few dollars, I'd stay at the Holiday Inn Express next door. If money is no object, you can't beat the Marriott Marquis for Times Square.Great little Mexican take-out across the street (Fresco Tacos)	
Oct 24 2009 	Not happy!!	We booked this hotel earlier in the year, long before it was open, when the IHG website offered accomodation for four adults in a suite with separate bedroom and pull out sleeper sofa. My daughter and son-in-law who are based in England, decided to join us in New York before we departed on a cruise and the suite seemed a good idea to keep the cost down and enable us to spend time together.When checking that the hotel actually had opened, I was alarmed to read on its website that there was a maximum of two persons to a room. I contacted the central booking service, by phone and internet and was assured that the hotel could provide the accomodation as booked. but my emails to the hotel manager were repeatedly unanswered. Then two days before we were leaving Australia, to travel to New York via Vancouver, my daughter rang the hotel and was told that there were no rooms holding more than two people. She then sent an urgent email to the manager and I contacted our local IHG office. A very polite person rang me from the US to assure me that the hotel did in fact offer the suite for four adults. Then the manager emailed that he was ungrading us to a suite, evidently oblivious to the fact that that was what we had booked in the first place.Daughter and son-in-law arrived before us and sent us a text that the suite was as requested. When we arrived we saw that the living area was tiny but it was not until bed-time that it was discovered that the pull out sofa bed was actually a slightly larger than single size bed. So my son-in-law slept on sofa cushions on the floor. I suppose we should have made a complaint then and there, but we had wasted so much time on the matter and so wanted to spend some rare time together that we let it go.Obviously there have been issues with the central site, which I have read about in regard to other Candlewood Suites, but the response of the hotel manager was very disappointing, to say the least.I have use IHG hotels in Africa, Europe, Australia and Nth America before and this is first negative experience I have had with bookings.The hotel itself is very ordinary; the rooms are dark, the furniture unappealing. By far the worst experience of our six week trip which involved staying in 15 different places.	
Oct 20 2009 	Decent but unspectacular hotel close to everything	More of a &quot;long stay&quot; hotel. All rooms are suites - full kitchen. Decent size room for 1 person includes working desk and chairs. Small bathroom, good shower. No turn down or maid service - only every 7 days apparently. Front staff was friendly-ish if only mildly interested. Nothing particularly wrong with this Hotel but nothing that screams fantastic either. Located on 39th in between 7th and 8th which has a sketchy vibe but i had no problems at any time of day. Short few block walk to the Javitz Centre or Times Square. I'll give them much credit for free in-room wireless, especially if you are there on business. Decent rates for Manhattan - they do offer a 'friends and family' rate which helps.	
Oct 20 2009 	Worst service ever.	I stayed there for a whole month. They forgot to clean my room twice (cleaning service is once a week so out of 4 times, I only got my room cleaned 2 times) and when I told the cleaning manager about this, she said it was my fault cause if at 4pm it hasn't been cleaned it was my responsability to ask for it.. ?!?!?!Plus, the frontdesk staff is rude and not responsible. I had some important papers they were supposed to send me since it arrived to the hotel after the estimated time and I wasn't there anymore. It's been a month and they haven't send them.I have stayed before in some extended stay hotels. I know the treatment isn't the same as in one of short stays. But it never had been this bad.	
Oct 14 2009 	Disappointing experience	I recently stayed at this location in NYC and was extremely disappointed! When I arrived at my room, I found one of the bed pillows covered with blood stains! It was disgusting! Of course, the hotel immediately sent another pillow up after I complained, but that first impression was not a good one. The room was very cold and the heat did not work. The front desk had to send an engineer to my room to get the heat going. This took quite some time and I was exhausted from travel and wanted to relax, but was unable to until later in the evening. There is no ice machine in the hotel...I had to go to the hotel next door to get a bag of ice!!! No business center either!!! The rooms are not as pictured on the website...very disappointing!!! Would not stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean and cheap close to Times Square	I just spent 6 nights with my girlfriend in this hotel, which is really close to Times Square (5 minutes walking), so the location is very convenient. The hotel is close to the Bus station (Port Authority) but we never felt that the area was unsafe (from what I have read on the internet before the trip, the bus station used to be unsafe several years ago, but now it is ok: after the trip I can confirm this), there is always a lot of people during the day and in the evening it was ok too (even though we never got home later than midnight). The hotel seems quite new (e.g. the elevators are very fast, everything in the room seems new, etc.).Our Queen Bed suite was relatively spacious (I have read many reviews on terribly narrow rooms in other hotels near Times Square so I was actually expecting a smaller room, and instead I was positively surprised by this hotel), the bed allowed us (we were two) to sleep very comportably, there was plenty of space. A private bathroom is included in the room (this is not clear from the website, so this was another pleasent surprise since shared bathroom are common in NYC), and it was very clean, as the room was. Room cleaning takes place once per week, but you can ask the reception for new towels etc if you need them before one week. The kitchen in the room is very useful if you do not want to spend a lot in restaurants or to eat fast-food junk food each and every day, or if you want to have breakfast in your room. The sports room in the cellar is not big but there are several machines. The staff is very young, and they were friendly and helpful (e.g. they advised us about a cheap shuttle to get to the airport, or about a supermarket for buying food; also, after we arrived we noticed we had a lamp which was not working in our suite and it was changed 5 minutes after we informed the staff about it).We booked this hotel two weeks before our travel, so maybe there were not many hotels left, but this was indeed the one with the lowest price among those with non-negative reviews ton the internet. So the quality-price ratio is very high, and moreover I can say that the quality is nice too. Overall, I can summarize this hotel as clean, conveniently located, cheap, with helpful staff and nice rooms. I would indeed choose it again.	
Oct 11 2009 	A Gem!	I spent 3 nights in the Candlewood Suites Times Square last week and was very pleasantly surprised.It appears to be brand new, only a few months old. This is obviously a great start since it hasn't had time to get dirty or run down yet like many other Candlewood Suites type hotels tend to get. Actually, its sandwiched between a Holiday Inn Express and a Hampton Inn which appear to have been all built together, all part of the same structure. As far as the location is concerned, its not a very attractive area, but its extremely convenient lying on 39th St between 8th and 9th Avenues. That puts it right by the Port Authority Bus Terminal, and only a few blocks away (5-10 minutes walk) from Times Square. There are PLENTY of restaurants, bars etc. in the area, but then again this is Manhattan. Being a Candlewood Suites, this is not a fancy hotel. The lobby is tiny, it has no restaurant or bar of its own, etc. Also take into consideration that it doesn't have daily maid service. They will clean your room once a week, but the rest of the time its up to you to keep your room tidy. So if you're looking to spoil yourself , forget it. On the other hand, the room itself is extremely comfortable and well appointed. Its not a huge room (reminder this is NY) but its not tiny either. It has a Queensize bed (very comfortable), a reclining chair, a full sized desk with a comfortable office chair and a second chair (since it doubles as an eating area), a small but well equipped kitchen with full size refrigerator, microwave, coffee machine, etc. etc. There is a 32&quot; LCD flat panel TV, and a DVD player. The bathroom has a small bath/shower. Quite frankly, I felt like I had my own little place in Mahattan for a few days. BEST FEATURE was free, all you can eat wireless internet! This is is worth an extra $15-20 per night. There is also DIY laundry facilities and a gym on the premises.I was staying here on points (an incredible deal of 10000 Priority Club points plus $30 per night, they also offer it for 5000 points plus $60 per night) but as far as I can tell the hotel is available for as little as $225 - $250 per night which is very cheap in NY for this standard of hotel.The Candlewood Suites Times Square is great value, whether you are in NY on business or for leisure. Warmly recommended.	
Sep 24 2009 	Candlewood Suites is a great choice in NYC	I just completed a seven-night stay at the Candlewood Suites on 39th Street between 8th and 9th Avenue in NYC. The hotel is more or less equidistant between the Port Authority bus terminal and Penn Station, where you can get busses and trains to numerous locations and also catch the subway around Manhattan. This is not a pretty or picturesque neighborhood but it did not feel unsafe. The hotel is a high rise sandwiched between two other hotels. The entire facility is brand new. The suites are like small efficiency apartments, complete with a full size refrigerator, two burner electric stove, dishwasher, sink, dishes, utensils, cook pots, coffee maker, etc. The bed in my Queen suite was extremely comfortable, with very nice sheets, pillows and blankets. The bathroom was clean and included a bath/shower, plenty of towels, etc.I asked for a quiet room and got one on the corner of the 15th floor, just to the left of the elevator. My view consisted of a building across the way under construction but there was no noise to speak of and I slept well each night. The air conditioner was a wall unit that worked adequately and was not too noisy. I would have liked it a bit cooler but few people probably like a room as cold as I do.My favorite sandwich place in the world -- Manganaro's Hero Boy -- is only a few blocks away on 36th Street and 9th Avenue. Try the eggplant parmiagana. DON'T go to the Manganaro's deli next door. The food is terrible and over-priced.The front desk people were young, friendly and helpful. Another big plus is a free laundry downstairs. The front desk provides free laundry soap. There's also a bunch of workout machines in a small but serviceable workout room.On the last three days of my stay, one of the two elevators was out of service. Not that big a problem though, since the elevators are VERY fast and the resulting wait was not too long.All in all, this is a great place to stay. I paid $250/night and found nothing comparable in price or quality. If you can get it cheaper, this is a real find.	
Sep 19 2009 	Don't expect a full-on suite	I booked this hotel because I thought I was going to get a suite . . . you know, the kind with a living room and kitchenette. Upon checking into the room, I disappointedly realized that this 'suite' at Candlewood Suites (an all-suite property) was not what I was expecting.Now I understand that this is Manhattan and near Times Square (really though, it's by Port Authority), so I wasn't expecting a full-on suite. However, the total area of the 'suite' was less than most standard rooms I've stayed in before when visiting Manhattan. On the plus side though, the hotel is new. This is a huge plus, considering many hotels in NYC are old, dirty, and just plain tired. This one had nice new furniture, a great bed, and clean everything. The kitchenette was fully stocked with everything you might need, including kitchen rags and pots/pans/silverware. Overall a decent stay after the initial shock of the small 'suite' wore off, but I'd change the brand name to Candlewood Closets.	
Sep 11 2009 	Nice new hotel	Stayed in this hotel on 9/6 for one night. This is a brand new hotel. The staffs are helpful and courteous. The suite room is spacious and kitchen is well equipped. It is so new so cleanness is no issue. Subway entrance is at 8th Ave and 40th St but I admit you actually are walking two blocks underground to get to the platforms. So this location should be called &quot;Times Square South&quot; rather. The 39th Street itself can make first time New York visitor nervous so you may consider taking the cab if you plan to come back late at night. What I did was to walk thru the Port Authority bus terminal where police officers were everywhere, to 9th Avenue and then enter 39th St from that end. This hotel is very close to corner of 9th Ave and 39th St and you should feel safe to walk that very short distance. Overall this is a good hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Value not convienent location	This was a nice hotel because it was brand new. The location is OK if you have been to NYC and don't mind walking a 5 blocks to subway to get back to the east side of the city. Not as convienent as staying in Midtown with the subway trains lines. The kitchen was a waste of space no one cooks in NYC especially tourists! :-)	
Aug 25 2009 	Not Impressed	This is a brand new hotel but needs the finishing touches. Billiing it as &quot;Times Square&quot; hotel is pushing the limits. It's between 8th and 9th on 39th. Upon entering it's obvious the place is new and you would think the staff would be pleasant and helpful and the roms would be perfect. Guess again. The front desk staff was either ignorant or just plain unwilling to be helpful. When booking the room I failed to notice there was only valet parking for $55.00 (expensive even for NYC). so I asked what other options there were. After a 5 second dumb stare she she said the valet parking or I could park on the street. I again asked what other options there were, she had no idea. Turns out there is parking across the street and another place 4 buildings back. Upon arriving in the room it was clean and neat. The bed was comfortable, as were the pillows. However, upon closer inspection you'll notice trhe trim work isn't done around the windows, the fridge barely kept food cold and already had scratches and dents as did the bathtub.	
Aug 6 2009 	A pleasant comfortable stay in a convenient location.	My husband and I just returned from a three night stay in NYC and found this hotel to be perfect for our needs. We searched for a long time for a hotel we could afford in the Times Square area that was not too old or run down. Often reviews of the more reasonable hotels were discouraging. This hotel had only been open for about two weeks and was very comfortable and clean. Being in New York of course it was smaller than most hotel rooms we are use to but the queen size bed had a very thick, comfortable mattress and lovely linens. The room was large enough to also include a comfortable leather-like chair, a corner chest with a flat screen t.v., and also a table for two, a full sized fridge, two burner stove top, microwave, sink and diswasher and utensils. We enjoyed the use of the fridge for cold drinks, ice, etc. The bathroom had a small sink counter but was functional with lots of nice towels. We could be in the centre of the lights of Times Square in 5-10 minutes and also very close to the lovely restaurants of Hell's Kitchen and restaurant row. (Don't eat in the chain restaurants that you can eat in anywhere - go local!) We walked from Penn station to the hotel - an easy 10 inute walk. We got a good price with AAA rates but I do see that even since going the prices have gone up. The staff were very freindly and accommodating and we were given a room as soon as we arrived early in the morning.This room was very comfortable and convenient to everything and we would stay there again.	
Aug 31 2009 	bien situé		
