	Nice stay at the Jane.	I went on my aniversary last novembet 15th. i checked in the jane cause I was staying for 8 nights and the other hotels are very expensive. I read a lot of bad things of the jane, but really it is a great place to sleep, is really clean, the share bathrooms are very clean, the staff is really freindly. The room are really really small, but if you are looking for a place to sleep, it is a great place to stay. My wife and I were looking to get a place to sleep so The Jane it is a great one. Plus is about 10 min. walking to the 8 Ave and 14th St subway station. The neighborhood is pretty safe, between the meetpacking district and Greenwich Village, Chelsea is really near and you can get everywhere by subway.	
	Great for solo travellers	The rooms are just like in the pics on their own site - cabins styled like the early part of the last century. There's a shelf and clothes rail above the bed, draws and luggage space underneath.Views come with the noise of the west side highway, at the back is quieter. My room overlooked a courtyard with trees. AC above the window, and a wall fan.The bathrooms are at the end of each hall, with lockable units for each shower and toilet. I never waited for either. Very nice tiling and rainfall showers.Nice touches: wood panelled rooms, with soft panels around the bed, free replaceable bottled water, old school decor details.The cafe and ballroom closed after the recent licensing controversies. A new cafe is coming soon, looking like a Parisian cafe - may be open by now.About 5% of the rooms on my floor had long term residents in their unrestored rooms. Rooms were a little smelly from the cleaning products used. The beds are right next to the doors, so you hear corridor sounds.Location is excellent - west village, just south of meatpacking, subway a few blocks north at 14th st.Great for $99 in NYC, and a very stylish hotel, in a retro/quirky way.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great location really funky cheapest and best value in NYC I'd say."	I was gutted I had to leave my little nest in The Jane. I WAS prepared for the size of the single cabin room but not prepared for the dinky space saving touches that came with it...I had a huge suitcase and did endless shopping and it never felt cluttered. They get some things really right...bathrobe with pockets for traipsing to the shower, refilled water bottle every day, iPod dock and radio, DVD player and telly, free (working and fast) wifi. And that was stuff I reckon you shouldn't expect for the price so to get it is a real bonus.I am a big boutique hotel fan and love my luxuries - so I came prepared (bring flip flops for the shower!) My biggest worry was the lack of en suite and honestly, I didn't mind a bit in reality. If you're REALLY squeamish then maybe think twice, but I'm quite a princess and there were NO stinks, kinks or sticking plasters in the showers. In 5 days! Again, for the price and for the 'cool factor' I got over myself pretty quickly!My room wasn't noisy, there were no smelly corridors or weirdos that went bump in the night (but I was prepared to tolerate them all if they happened). The bar downstairs is cool and the bar staff mostly really chatty to my lone female traveller self. I peeked into the ballroom (due to open in a few weeks apparently) and was BLOWN AWAY by it's funky, eclectic, dishevelled in a good way decor. it will be a GREAT asset and there's already a cool little cafe on site. Perfect location too - less than 10 minutes to the subway and RIGHT there in Meatpacking/Greenwich/East Village. Honestly, RIGHT there. Amazing.Sure, you could pay double and get an en suite somewhere a bit dull and dreary without an ounce of real cool. You could pay triple and do the real boutique thing and not have to worry about wearing pajamas at night to go to the bathroom. Or you could stay at The Jane, pack an open mind and some flip flops and love every minute of it.	
Nov 10 2009 	interesting	It is quite interesting and has some advantages for the price. There are a lot of things to improve ............................	
Oct 26 2009 	Interesting place	My in-flight magazine had a review of this hotel that made it sound like the hot spot of NYC. It is in a good area, with lots of restaurant options and small shops, and the subway is about 4 blocks away. The rooms are interesting. It is all about conserving energy, which I like, and it was comfortable, but the single bed is quite small and stiff. We did not get our own bathroom, I don't know if that is an option, but the shared bathrooms were clean and rarely busy. My main problem was the smell in the hall way and the noise in the middle of the night. There was a terrible smell all throughout the hallway, it made me gag each and every time I forgot to hold my breath while walking to or out of my room. I never habituated to the smell. However, when I entered my room I couldn't smell it anymore, so it was ok. The noise though, it wasn't constant, but the walls are paper thin and you can hear everything from all of the other rooms. I believe this place is very popular with young men, and on our first night at 4 AM, one of these men decided to kick our door and start screaming. He then said, &quot;oh S***, there is someone in this room, their stuff was all over the bed this afternoon&quot;. I then wondered how he knew my stuff was all over the bed, the only way would be for him to have a key and access to my room while I was out. This was not comfortable at all, but thankfully, I didn't leave anything of value in my room, and nothing was missing after all. You will definitely hear the delightful noises from the hallway as these young people arrive at all times of the night drunk and excited. Overall, the hotel is cute, the room is comfortable enough (definitely not the ritz), but don't expect this to be a place of quiet rest.	
Oct 15 2009 	Perfect for my first experience of NYC great location!	Like other reviewers on here I was a bit concerned about the Jane prior to our trip. We initially booked our stay back in June and loved the idea of this place, it's quirkiness and also the fact it was a budget hotel. The location of it was also instrumental in our choice as I really wanted to be in West Village having read about it's 'vibe'. So we booked up and were happy. You don't even need to pay a downpayment when you book so if for any reason you have to cancel your trip you don't get charged.Fast forward a few months and just before we leave I read on here a few horror stories about noise from the newly opened bar, roaches and bedbugs and I have to admit in doubting my decision. So I arrived with a can of RAID in my suitcase prepared for all eventualities... But, I have to say hand on heart, the hotel was excellent. Not a bug or roach in sight. The rooms and bathrooms were spotless and cleaned regularly. Rooms cleaned and bed linen changed/turned down daily whilst there. The staff were friendly and accommodating, from the doormen to the lift operator. Everyone was really helpful. And we heard no noise at all (though I suppose we were on the fifth floor). Considering how old the building is, and how small the rooms are, they are very well insulated as you cannot hear much going on once inside your own room. There was even work going on above us and on our floor (they are still refurbishing parts of the hotel) and we never heard a thing. We were put in 2 adjoining rooms on the 5th floor. The tiny cabin like rooms are cleverly designed like ships cabins with a full mirror on one wall so you don't feel too claustraphobic as it creates the feeling of it being bigger. Your suitcase goes under the bed. There is a digital safe in the drawer under the bed also (2 large drawers in all). There are railings on each wall to hang stuff up. There is an iPod dock/alarm clock, a widescreen TV, air con and a wall fan, a robe, x3 towels and a complimentary bottle of water included in the price also. The rooms are powered by an electrical 'key' which you plug in when you enter the room. Bear in mind that you take it out when youleave so anything you leave charging (ie phone) won't be charged as the electricity is only on when this thing is plugged in. Its a good idea to conserve power. Very green!We were early-ish risers due to wanting to explore in our 5 day trip so we got up about 7.30 each day. The bathrooms are situated at either ends of each floor and had two showers (with doors you lock) and two toilets in both. The showers were wonderful, water always hot and shower gel, shampoo and conditioners are also included in their wall dispensers inside the shower. By the bathroom sinks there are hairdryers. I can honestly say in our whole time there we never had to queue to have a shower or if one was occupied you just wandered to the other side to use that one instead. Our floor had quite a few residents (you can tell from their doors as they have key locks instead of the electrical system the hotel uses) but all of them we met were pleasant and friendly, esp one little guy that I kept meeting in the bathrooms while he brushed his teeth. He was very nice but I never found out his name (5th floor opp room 519). Admittedly there is a kind of musty smell in some corridors mostly because some of the residents may smoke in their rooms but on the whole it wasn't unpleasant and there are air fresheners on the walls too. Our room windows faced inward so you only overlook another room's window opposite but there are slatted blinds provided for your privacy at night.The only gripe we had was that the bar in the hotel was closed to residents practically every night we stayed for &quot;a Private Party&quot;. There is a small pub like bar and a larger ballroom bar next door and these were off limits to guests when it was hired out and it was guest list only We were told that whilst the bar is IN the Jane Hotel, its privately owned and rented out regularly to whomever and the hotel has not much say in the matter. But the Jane is in a great area for plenty of other pubs/bars/resturants anyway all within a short stroll so it wasn't a problem. Plus the one night we DID get in the bar, the drinks were $12 dollars each!! And that was for a meagre glass of wine. So my advice go somewhere else for a tipple as IMO the owner of the Jane Bar must be a bit pretentious to charge those prices in a budget hotel. There is a Cafe/Coffee shop opening soon in the lobby area which looks to be good so that be a alternative to the bar. In the meantime the nearest deli Nonno Gourmet does loads of hot food, bagels, coffee to take out and if you walk North towards 14th St and 9th Av in the Meatpacking area there is a really cool diner that does fabulous breakfasts!The area itself is great and if you are relatively fit, you can easily walk southwards towards Downtown/Wall Street via Washington St or North towards Midtown (or get on subway at 14th St) We walked everywhere and the West Village is my favourite part of New York. Hudson St, Bleeker St are all close by and have a great choice of food places to eat.Oh and one last thing, if you are new to New York like me and didn't realise prices didn't include taxes, the Jane's $99 per night DOES NOT include taxes. Its not shown on your confirmation invoice either so don't get caught out. All in all plus taxes its approx $117 dollars per night.If I was to go back again, I would happily stay there again, with friends or on my own. I recommend New York (fell in love with the place) and I recommend the Jane experience. It's not the Hilton or anything posh but its quirky and unusual and definately a talking point but in a good way... Thanks for a pleasant stay and I hope to be back!	
Oct 14 2009 	Perfect for what I wanted.	I stayed at the Jane for 4 nights in September and loved it. The tiny room was indeed tiny but as a first timer in NY this wasn't a problem, I was traveling alone and only looking for a place to sleep/wash/relax. The shared bathroom was clean my entire trip, not a single bed bug (I checked), the staff were really helpful and friendly, the other guests an eccentric mix of people like me and the long term residents who are still in situ. Some people have complained about the location, it's not easily accessible by subway but it took me a mere 20 minutes to walk to 5th Avenue and NY taxis are cheap for night time travel. At $99 a night +tax for Manhattan I really couldn't complain but this is not a hotel for people accustomed to luxury or Hilton type hotels. It's quirky in the best possible way and I'll be back.	
Oct 12 2009 	If all you want is a cheap bed...	I had read reviews on The Jane before I went to stay there, so I knew what to expect. I was concerned about bed bugs after reading some reviews, but had no problems with that at all. The bathrooms were very clean, however we stayed there for 4 nights and nobody ever cleaned our room or replaced the bottle of water you are given upon arrival.The noise from the bar downstairs (or rather the people leaving it) is pretty annoying, we actually turned on the airconditioner to drown out that noise.We stayed in a bunk room and from the photos expected it to be small, but no photo can do it justice. Be prepared to perfect the dance of stepping out of the room so the other person can open their suitcase or walk past you.I had the same problem as someone else- when giving a credit card guarantee, they took $100/night from my credit card without informing me for security, which is ridiculous considering the room barely cost that per night. Quite embarrassing also when I tried to make a purchase elsewhere and it was declined, not to mention the $20 phone I made to my bank in Australia to find out what had happened. The area was lovely though and the staff were good once you got used to their inflated hipster-ness :)For the price, I'd definitely stay there again. Just make sure that you budget an extra $100 per night for the security &quot;deposit&quot; from your credit card.	
Oct 9 2009 	long night search for a cool place to live	The only problem i've had with this hotel was it's location on the Jane street. I arrived to Manhattan to the nearest proximity of where i thought the hotel was located (meat apcking district, lots of posh clubs there, seems to be very safe place even late at night) but even the local police didn't know about the jane st. At last somebody gave me the right directions and i found this awsome hotel. 99$ per single room (a little more for a double one, which should make it totally affordable). Very clean, very comfy despite the tiny room size (like a small cabin on a ship). iPod docking station, phone, tv, huge mirror, fan, free bottle of pure water. Manually operated funny elevator.Nice bar on the ground level during the nights.Friendly and helpful staff (which is rare).Toilets/Showers are common for the floor, but showers are very clean. No signs of fungus or dirt or whatever, you just won't understand, that somebody else has used this shower cabin today.A+ hotel for the price, friendliness, location in the center of Manhattan in a real party district, safety of location, service.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Value for a Short-Term Stay	The Jane provides excellent value for the price. I stayed for a week on business, and would likely recommend this hotel to budget travelers. High points: Charming historic building, an old elevator run by an operator, clean bathrooms. The small rooms are smartly designed, with shelves, overhead storage, drawers under the bed, hooks on the door, and several sliding hooks on each side of the room from which to hang clothing or towels. High speed internet was reliable and fast. My room was well-cleaned upon arrival.Things to be aware of: *The bathrooms, while clean, are truly shared. In other words, it is not one stand-alone bathroom that you enter and have to yourself, as it is in some hotels with shared bathrooms. The bathroom on my floor had two sinks, two shower stalls (with full-length doors) and two toilet stalls (with full length doors as well). If you are not comfortable using the toilets, sinks/mirrors, or entering/exiting the shower with others in the room - including those of the opposite sex - this may be an issue for you.*The hotel provides a set of disposable flip-flops, but mine both broke on my very first trip to the bathroom. You may wish to bring footwear of your own.*Shampoo, shower gel, and conditioner are provided in the showers from pumps. Bath towels and hand towels were provided, but not washcloths. You may wish to bring your own washcloth and/or shower poof.*Tissues were not provided in the rooms or the bathrooms. *The permanent residents of the building - mostly older, downtrodden types - may seem intimidating at first but I never encountered a problem.* The rooms are truly small. They are actually smaller than they look in the photos, so be prepared. * It's a bit of a walk to the subway station (about 6 minutes) and cabs don't pass the hotel as frequently as on other streets, so you may find yourself walking over to the next block to hail one. This, combined with the flight of stairs you need to ascend to enter the front door, makes this hotel less suitable for people with limited mobility or with large amounts of luggage. I sense that the management, possibly in part because of the location, wants to make the place a hip, trendy, boutique hotel of sorts. I hope this doesn't distract them from continuing to strive for what most travelers are really looking for: clean, safe, well-appointed rooms that are also affordable. Another reviewer's comment about the &quot;hipper-than-thou&quot; young desk clerk also suggest the hotel's inclination toward the trendy ambiance. But really, how hip can you be wearing a bellboy's hat?	
Oct 5 2009 	Five nights at The Jane	I stayed at The Jane from 10 to 15 Sept 09. My first time in NY, though I am well travelled, and with a little trepidation after reading the mixed reviews on this site. My first room was 410 a corner room and though I expected the room to be small this was just teeny tiny. I am only 5 foot 5 and my feet hung over the end of the bed. It was also a bit noisy next to the stairwell door. When I explained my predicament to the extremely helpful staff (and extremely helpful throughout my 5 day stay) , I was moved to another room, 417. And they very kindly moved my luggage for me so I did not have to come back during the day to swap.I am very, very fussy when it comes to cleanliness - the bathrooms were always very clean and I never had to queue. My bedroom was clean and I had fresh towels. One day I'd not been left any so requested some - promptly given. Water - you only had to ask for it to be refilled. Crappy jandals - yes - but I just wore my own flip flops/jandals to the shower.There is a pretty awful smell in the corridors (on the 4th floor) anyway, which is quite overwhelming at times, and I'm not sure what they can do about it while the hotel is still shared with permanent residence. The smell does not pervade the rooms though and yes, the aircon was noisy, but fine for a quick blast to cool things down before sleeping.For $100 a night in such a fantastic area, really friendly and helpful staff I would recommend The Jane and describe it for now, as a posh hostel.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great for the price	Everything was ok. Staff was helpful, room and bathroom were clean. Great location. It was the cheapest available hotel in Manhattan at that time. But it was very good.	
Oct 1 2009 	Key or no key	I actually enjoyed most of my stay at the Jane...liked the room (549) and its proximity to the bathroom but had a serious issue at the end of my stay.The hotel uses a funky key system that involves an electronic key and a metal rod that turns on all of the power except for an overhead light that works all the time. I had the option of lugging it around with me or dropping it off at the desk and picking up a new one on my way back in. I picked the latter option.Everything was fine and dandy until I came back late Thursday night/Friday morning to find that there were no keys left. The man at the front desk looked high and low for one but ended up having to let me in the room with his master key. However, no rod, which meant no electricity other than the overhead light. Since I was leaving within hours anyway, it wasn't a huge deal, but it did put a damper on an otherwise pleasant stay.I did contact the hotel and was told that there's a stash of keys that the front desk guy apparently didn't know about. In spite of the key mess, I would definitely consider staying again. However, I might just hold on to the first key they give me...which in turn could cause potential problems for someone else.:)	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location shame about the service	Ups: Awesome location. This is a lovely safe neighbourhood that I felt totally comfortable coming back to even very late at night. Also, incredibly cheap room rate. Yes, the rooms are tiny, but unless you're over 6'2&quot; or claustrophobic this shouldn't be an issue. Excellent free wifi. The only noise issue was the rattly old airconditioner, despite the club in the basement.Downs: Almost all service-related. Room partially cleaned once in three days' stay. No fresh drinking water left after check-in. No clean towels entire stay. No bath mat (kind of an issue in a shared bathroom when the crappy 'sandals' they give you don't last one walk down the hall). Rude, unhelpful service at the front desk (seriously, kid, you're a receptionist in a cheap hotel, lose the hipper-than-thou attitude). Constant stench of cigarettes throughout the 3rd floor rooms, even though it's supposed to be non-smoking. This last one was the worst for me. I never choose smoking floors or rooms in hotels as smoke makes me very uncomfortable. If I'd been able to find another place to stay, I would have.	
Sep 17 2009 	BEDBUGS IN ROOMS	I recently stayed at this hotel with a friend of mine, date of check-in was 9.9.09 - separate rooms. It started out just fine until we tried to sleep after both having very long flights. The newly opened hotel bar really should be called a club AND it really should not be in this hotel. It kept both of us awake at all hours of the night. Remember that NYC bars don't shut down until about 4am. When we complained to the front desk, he tried to give us the excuse that all the rooms are soundproof. Nice try, but I don't think so. The bags under my eyes are proof. My friend has her own handful of complaints with this place - they didn't stock her room with clean towels and they didn't clean her room until we specifically asked and requested them to do so. This is probably the reason why when I woke up on one of the many nights I could not sleep : 3:30am : I found a bedbug crawling out from under my pillow. Not having ever seen a bedbug, I killed it immediately, then called the front desk to let them know. They immediately said they would find a room for me and call me back. After waiting for a bit, I looked back to my bed to find yet another bug crawling on the bed. This is where I took my clothes and bag and got the hell out of there. It was the most disturbing thing to me that I had been sleeping in the same room with bedbugs. They switched me to another room and though I didn't experience another bug in the new room, I woke up with bites by the time I was checking out. I'll be requesting a refund on this soon. Hope you have better luck!p.s. I almost forgot the best part. While trying to purchase a pair of shoes in NY, my debit card was declined. When I called my bank, they informed me that there was an $800 + charge from The Jane hotel in NYC. Now we were only staying there 4 nights so this was a surprise. My first thought was that they had charged me twice for my stay there. When I called to speak to the front desk, they were very rude and let me know that they &quot;hold&quot; 4 nights of the hotel on the card and that's what the charge was for. So, basically, they had charged me for all 4 nights of my stay upon check-in, didn't let me know, and completely depleted my checking account. They tried to tell me that it was in the contract that I had signed, but they didn't bother to point out that very important fact. This is the first place I've ever stayed where they charge you upon arrival. Again, good luck!	
Sep 7 2009 	Small rooms but great value	Ok, here is the scoop on the Jane. I loved the location, West Village. The rooms are very small but the shared bath is always clean. There are some locals that live there and that is a bit odd, but they dont bother you. The club is VERY popular and at night trying to get into the one entrance shared with the club is not easy, Basically have to beg the bouncers to get by. Huge crowds outside trying to get in. Id stay again, the price is great. Staff is nice	
Sep 7 2009 	Great price good NYC hotel but not for everyone	Stayed for five days, on the 5th floor, room 542, after reading about it's renovation in New York Magazine. Great location in the West Village, not far from the now infamous High Line Park, and right on the Hudson River. New York was super hot that week, and I took three showers a day, and the shared bathrooms were spotless 95% of the time. (I loved gazing at the Statue of Liberty each morning as I brushed my teeth!) Good extras: Flat screen TV with DVD, ipod docks, air conditioning. Great staff! Rooms and beds very tiny; similar to all the small hotels I've stayed in in Europe. I didn't experience any bugs, and had minimal conact with postitutes/johns and 'odd' permnament residents, but also met nice European and American guests, too. Hotel is a little haunted; it's over a hundred years old, and sheltered Titanic survivors, after all, and I saw a few ghosts (!) The Jane is very much like New York City itself, fascinating beyond belief, and unforgettable. Nice story about The Jane in the newest Paper magazine, too.	
Aug 23 2009 	A Good and Bad Experience	I'll start with the positives:Staff is extremely friendly and will go out of their way to make your experience comfortable. As soon as we arrived, we were early for check-in and they were willing to store out bags for free until our check-in time of 3:00pm. The Lobby is extremely nice with a bar that seems to attract a huge line every night. The rooms were clean with an LCD screen on both the top and bottom bunk. Every room comes with AC, an IPOD dock. Although the rooms were extremely small, it provides a nice and safe place to crash ( who would want to stay in their hotel room when they are in NY). Bathrooms were also surprisingly clean. The cleaners do a good job in that regard.Location is also very convenient, only a few blocks from the nearest subway station and several classy restaurants. Very very safe area. A little far from the main attractions ( Times Square, Central Park) however, is walkable (if you're young).Negatives:- Although the rooms are clean, the hallway is disgusting. The Jane is shared with hotel and local residents. Therefore as you walk towards your room, each room breathes out a unique smell (mostly bad). There are also very poor people who live in the Jane who don't seem to have AC and leave their doors slightly open which leaves out a horrible smell. THere is also a resident who leaves his door open and just stares at people who walk past. Quite freaky but I'm sure he means no harm.Also came across roaches in our room a couple of times. Recently the hallway literally smelled like fresh feces which refuses to go away. The rooms are extremely small, enough to do a 360 on the spot. Our rooms were also missing the complimentary water as well as the &quot; do not disturb sign&quot;.This place is not the newest nor the cleanest place but you can tell that the management is doing its best to make it a classy hotel. I wouldn't recommend it for the faint hearted. For the price I paid, I am pretty unsatisfied with my overall experience mainly because of the unhygienic conditions . I'd give this place five or so more years to develop and maybe I'd come back. Negatives:	
Aug 17 2009 	Bed bugs and bad (no) management	Beware! The Jane Hotel has a bed bug problem. I was attacked on my first night - the front desk clerk moved me to another room straight away, and seemed to be quite rehearsed in the experience. The new room had a worse infestation! I spent the night in terror and demanded to speak with a manager in the morning. &quot;There is no management on duty!&quot; is what the response was. I asked what would happen in the event of an emergency, and the clerk said he would try to phone the manager to come in. The desk agent tried phoning someone, but &quot;she was not available&quot;. I checked out and stayed somewhere else in Manhattan.The building has a popular, hip nightclub and the lobby and rooms have a smart design and cheap rooms. It seemed too good to be true, and it was! Do not stay here!	
Aug 15 2009 	Microhotel w/ tons of charm 	Really, what more could you ask for in NYC for less than $90 a night? Yes, the rooms may be tiny but that is honestly the only &quot;negative&quot; about this place. staff is super helpful, give you new bottles of water each day, its located a stones throw from the Hudson, tons of cabs readily available a block away, subway access 5 minutes away, FREE WIFI that works great, NICE LCD TV, and more importantly, CLEAN CLEAN shared bathrooms. never had to wait for a shower or toilet. make sure to check out the Ballroom bar. I will be staying again!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great for travelers who need a nice safe place to sleep and that's it	I came to NYC for 4 days to see my girlfriend, so I wasn't going to be spending much time in my room. I've always been opposed to the idea of spending a trip in a big expensive hotel room watching TV, so I looked around and found the Jane. Rather than other dorm-style hostels, I wanted a private room with a BED TO SLEEP IN DURING THE NIGHT AND THAT WAS IT. And that is exactly what the charming Jane Hotel provided.My room was small (only 50 square feet) but was by NO MEANS CRAMPED FOR ONE PERSON...cozy would best describe it. I would call it a hotel bedroom rather than a hotel room. The room was VERY CLEAN and surprisingly well furnished, however. Complete with AC, fan, telephone, flatscreen TV with cable, clean linens/towels, drawers, and a safe, I was very surprised upon entering the room. The pictures from the website do not lie in what the rooms look like. Down the hall was the very clean and easily accessible COMMUNAL BATHROOMS with showers. The 1908 building originally held sailors and some Titanic survivors, and still had that old-style charm. There was a nice bar and lounge area that always had some big party with live bands going on every night. I stayed during the last stages of the Jane's construction (they're adding bigger rooms on some floors and a restaurant off the lobby that are scheduled to be completed by Fall 2009)The staff was VERY VERY FRIENDLY, always offering assistance when needed and greeting you with very friendly attitudes. They made me feel like I lived there, which was something I've never felt from the cold, cookie-cutter service of big-name hotels. The Jane is in a GREAT LOCATION between the Meatpacking District and the West Village, really close to great restaurants, shopping, and transit stops. For my first time on my own in NYC, I couldn't have picked a better area to start off in.NOTE TO TRAVELERS: The Jane hotel does have permanent tenants who live in the Hotel as their home. This wasn't a problem to me one bit, I just thought it might be good to know beforehand. ALSO NOTE that due to construction some services that would be expected aren't currently available (room service, etc)AGAIN I WANT TO STATE that this is not a super-spacious luxury hotel room, it's a room with a bed. As soon as I woke up I was out seeing the great city, rather than doing nothing in my room. However, the rooms are very comfortable and offer a great refuge to relax and take a break from the hot, busy city. Overall it's a great value for New York standards (I paid 89$/night for 2 nights and 79$ the 3rd)This was the first time I traveled alone and only my second time to NYC, but my experience at the Jane will ensure my return sooner than late.	
Jul 23 2009 	A simple bed for the night	The Jane is fine for the simple traveler who won't be spending any time in their room.The single rooms are tiny - not enough room to change your mind - but full wall mirrors make it feel twice its size.The web page ( http://www.thejanenyc.com/ ) is cute and it quite realistic. look at the room photo. It will tell you that the building has a long history as a residence.The shared bathrooms are cleaned regularly and are immaculate! Shampoo, conditioner and body wash are supplied. Lots of hot water. (No sinks in the rooms.) Air-conditioning and flat-screen TV.The staff are friendly and helpful.There is a dance club (well-frequented) on the ground floor, but I heard no noise at any time from my 3rd floor room. Apparently a restaurant will open in the fall of 2009.The neighborhood (West Village) is residential and quiet. Nearby delis and restaurants.The #11 bus (9th and 10th Ave) is a 2-minute walk. The #14 bus (14th street) a moment further, and the 8th Ave subway (at 14th) less than 10-minutes on foot.I booked by internet and was given a reasonable price. I checked several days before arriving and the web page advertised a (more recent) lower price. I phoned and they gave me the lower price without any discussion.Conclusion: a simple bed for the night, nothing more. But if that's what you are looking for, it is fine.	
Jul 22 2009 	BEDBUGS BEDBUGS BEDBUGS.	Was excited to stay at the Jane Hotel. Heard really good things and was pleased with the room, but was awoken in the middle of the night only to find that I was being eaten alive by BEDBUGS!!!!! I was so disgusted, I left my room at 4 am and Jane Hotel staff did not do ANYTHING to help the situation. I was not offered an alternate room (it would probably be infested with bedbugs as well) or compensation. I spent the rest of the evening/early morning waiting in the neighbourhood starbucks.NEVER AGAIN. Completely traumatised.	
Jul 21 2009 	Awesome place to sleep for a few nights in the biggest of cities!	Let's face it, you don't go to the Big Apple to sit around in a big hotel room suite all day, right? Yes, the room is really small. Yes, the bed is incredibly small, especially if there's more than one person in the room. Yes, you have to share a bathroom with other guests. But for $99 a night, or less, you have probably the best bargain in Manhattan. And even though the rooms are small and the bathrooms are shared, they are both immaculately kept. I literally saw the bathroom being cleaned every time I used it. I will stay here every time I visit New York, and they will be adding larger rooms in the future, if they haven't already, with private bathrooms and queen and king sized beds. The front desk person was always very helpful as well and the location was close to subways and dining and drinking. While it may not have all the ammenities as other hotels, The Jane is a great place for singles who won't be spending a lot of time in their room, you just have to know what you're getting into before you go.	
Jul 14 2009 	This is a (slightly) glorified youth hostel	My bad. I should have read all of the reviews. Particularly the ones that warned of odor. I was prepared for a 50 square foot room and even prepared for the bath down the hall. I was not prepared for the dingy condition of the room, the hallway and the distinct odor of the bathroom. Depressing and sad.	
Jul 9 2009 	probably improvements still in progress	The hotel profits from an excellent location, close to subway station, close to a variety of nice bars, restaurants etc. Staff was really friendly.There is a popular club to be accessed via the lobby of the hotel, people are standing in line in front of the hotel at night ...At the moment, it seems, that no rooms are for rent in the 2nd floor. I would make sure not be attributed a room on the 2nd floor, as soon as they are renovated.As also stated by other reviewers, it is obvious, that this place serves as a rooming house still to some extent. So, on the floor, it just smells horrible from some single rooms.Bathrooms are clean, rooms too. Even if the effort to hoover at both the carpet at both ends of the bed could be increased.The rooms are very small. But there is more than enough space to accomodate your luggage. There is even a built in safe.I would go there again!	
Jul 8 2009 	BAR HAS TERRIBLE SERVICE. REALLY.	Literally the worst service I have ever had. Nothing personal. Just horrible service.MODELS W NO SERVICE EXPERIENCE.	
Jun 23 2009 	West Village shabby chic charm	Great for single travellers on a tight budget who don't want to compromise on location, you're just ten minutes walk from the A, C, E and L trains at 8th Ave/14th St subway station and a tree-lined street or two from the delights of the West Village (Sex &amp; The City's Magnolia Bakery is very near), and the designer boutiques of the Meat Packing District.The Jane has bags of West Village shabby chic charm. The rooms, or &quot;cabins&quot;, are certainly small, but so well designed that I never felt cramped. They're very well appointed with air conditioning, fan, flat screen TV/DVD, iPod dock, safe and more than adequate storage. And with the whole of NYC waiting outside, you're not going to be spending much time awake in your room in any case.Some may baulk at the thought of using shared facilities, but this was never a problem for me. The stylish retro black and white tiled bathrooms were always very clean, and I never had to wait to use them. There was always ample hot water and great, powerful showers. The white waffle robes and slippers are a nice touch.My only minor gripes were that the cabins got very hot and stuffy, but in such a small staff the air conditioning unit was so loud as to make listening to music or watching television impossible. Also, although this is a non-smoking hotel I often smelt cigarette smoke in the hallways - this however is more of a problem with fellow guests rather than The Jane istself.All the staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. Even the old-style elevator is charming! As a lone, but independent, female traveller exploring NYC for the first time I found The Jane, although still mid-refurbishment, to be an excellent base, and I would recommend it to anyone needing a safe, secure single room in the city.	
Jun 11 2009 	small but nice!	I suffered finding a cheap hotel in NYC. But I trusted this wab page, and all I read was right.Rooms are really small (for 2), but the neighborhood is nice, cute and full of young people.It's in the middle of a remodelation, but it's paid back wth the pemanent-wellcoming attitude of the hotel crew.You're given clean towells (each), slippers, soap, shampoo and conditioner. Bath is ALWAYS clean (I have to underline it) !!!I would repeat it !! Try it, you wont regret it!:)	
May 28 2009 	When all you need is a clean place to stay	The Jane is an interesting hotel and lives up to it's micro-hotel status. The abundance of wood in the decor gives it the feel of an older ship and seems to blend in with the atmosphere of the surrounding Manhattan area. Although the rooms are about the size of a large walk-in closet and equipped with a twin size bed, they are clean, comfortable and full of storage space. A flat screen TV and DVD player is found in the room as well, along with an adequate heating/cooling system. It's definitely the kind of place to stay if you are not looking to spend a lot of time in your room and really just want a clean place to stay at a low cost. The communal bathroom is located down the hall with two showers, two sinks, and two toilets. The facilites are definitely clean and I found it no real hassle to walk down the hall to access them. The staff was exceptionally friendly and accomodating to all of my needs.	
May 27 2009 	Just what i had hoped for	Great value for your money. You get exactly what it´s shown to you. Clean, comfortable and with very friendly and helpful staff, i´d recommend it to any solo traveller out there. The location was perfect for me, a quiet, safe neighbourhood, with public transports nearby.Made my stay in NY that much more enjoyable. High five!	
May 26 2009 	Wow First time to NYC and what a great start!	I absolutley loved this hotel for the week I was there. The staff are friendly and helpful. The room comes with a great TV, MP3 Dock/Radio and DVD player with a free bottle of spring water. Bathrooms are clean and work perfectly. The location next to the Hudson is breathtaking. Ladies and Gents, stay at this hotel. It was honestly a great experience.	
May 24 2009 	Great for someone travelling alone	This is a great hotel for someone who is travelling alone, because the rooms (the majority if not all) are for one. Great location in greenwich just below 14th street, the staff very nice, and for New York, great price. I recommend it to anyone travelling by themselves.	
May 21 2009 	JUST WHAT I NEEDED	Arriving Saturday for a Sunday seminar, I found the Jane Hotel to be a more than pleasant surprise.It's location on a quanint cobblestone street lined with well maintained brownstones is charming. Front desk personnel were kind, professional and courteous. The gentleman on duty the evening I arrived was able to direct me to an excellent all night deli. My cabin style room, while small, was clean, well appointed, bath shoes and robe provided. The TV, lights, alarm clock and internet all worked fine.An underbed set of drawers were large enough to store my goods. A safe is also provided to lock important items when out of room . One large window afforded me a view of the river and skyline. The shared bath was clean and neat. Renovations were underway in the lobby area (which by the way is wonderfully vintage ) and I hope to see the final results on my next NYC trip . Overall, if you are looking for quiet, clean and very affordable NYC accomadations, then the Jane should suit your needs.	
May 13 2009 	More Kip than Hip	This isn't a hotel. It's &quot;Cabin style&quot; rooms are barely workable. Basically one uncomfortable single bed, with 2 very slim sheets that don't keep anything warm. The room was very very dark, and quite cold at night.This isn't &quot;trendy&quot; or &quot;hip&quot;, it's just horrible. Unless I missed something and it's now trendy to not be able to turn around in your hotel room, and shivering suddenly cool. I've stayed in Youth Hostels that are miles better than this. At $80 a night, it's just not worth it. It's also clear that this used to house homeless people on long term live-ins. They're constantly walking around. I'm not scared of homeless people (I used to live in San Fran), but if that's not your thing, you may want to reconsider. One notable plus point, every staff member was incredibly great to deal with.	
May 2 2009 	Clean Comfortable Convenient and Cheap!	This was my first visit to NYC April 22-28, 2009. I found the Jane Hotel to be an excellent choice for my needs. The hotel is currently being restored and will be even better in the future.I knew the room was going to small but wasn't planning to be spending much time there other than to sleep. I found it to be very adequate. It was clean and quiet. There are two large drawers (one has a hotel safe) and a place for your suitcase under the captain's bed. The flat screen TV was nice. I was told that larger rooms with private baths will be available once the restoration has been completed.I was slightly concerned about the shared restroom facilities before I arrived. Once there, I saw how clean everything was put my mind at ease. Both the showers and the toilets have locks on them. The showers have the new style rain heads which was great. This turned out to be the place for meeting other hotel guests. I met young adults from Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Russia as well as several of the hotel occupants that lived there. All were very friendly and truly brought an international flavor to the place.The location is wonderful because it is more in a &quot;neighborhood&quot; with cobble stone street out front, people walking their dogs, restaurants nearby, the pier across the street, and access to the subway &amp; bus a few blocks away. Taxi cabs were constantly available if needed. The area is very quiet and safe.I particularly enjoyed the vintage of the hotel era going back to the time of the Titanic and sailor days when the freighters used to dock in that area. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.I would strongly recommend this hotel for those looking to experience something different from the &quot;Times Square&quot; craziness of people and cars everywhere constantly.	
Apr 22 2009 	Here present New York and past time atmosphere	Thanks for stay hotell Jhe Jane. Very clean cabins, numbers. A beautiful kind on the river from a window. A clean bath and a toilet. A pleasant clean bed and towels, a dressing gown. It of anything that rooms small as cabins, it even is interesting. The Jane with history. The fine ancient lift. Polite service. An ancient lobby. It of anything that in some parts hotell proceeds some years repair. Noise from a corridor, and street noise is audible. Here present New York and atmosphere. Interesting people. Here there is no plasti, here a lambent humour and the good relation. Welcom and you will appear in atmosphere of times of Titanic. Take a taxi from Times Square all for 12 USD. Nice region on river bank Hudson. Almost the center Manhattan. This hotell is suitable peoples who likes different travel.	
Apr 9 2009 	Simple 	My stay at The Jane Hotel was for 5 nights. I was near the bathroom and heard the hand dryer throughout the night which was very annoying, but not enough to ask to move. Don't stay here if you're looking for the comforts of home, because you won't find it, this is a very low maintenance place. The rooms are smaller than I thought with enough room to move along side a small twin bed, which also isn't the most comfortable bed. I thought the community bathroom was going to be a pain, but I never once had to wait for a shower or toilet, and there was always quit a bit of traffic. I was surprised at how many people were staying there. My bed was made daily but my towels were never replaced and I had to ask for a fresh set the second day in, to which the staff members were very helpful &amp; friendly to accommodate. All in all, I can't really complain for the price! Just a fair warning, you're getting what you're paying for, and it was totally worth the price. Loved the neighborhood and being right off the Hudson.	
Mar 24 2009 	Vintage Vibe at its best!!!	I just stayed @ the jane this past friday. And while many reviews out there were lukewarm, i just needed a night away from the daily fuss.Luckily its located a few blocks from my job so getting there was a breeze. Once inside, i was sooo wishing i had on my vintage clothes to fit in with the decor. i was just in awe at how much charm this little place had. Sure they are still renovating, but that is besides the point.mpThe staff was so nice and polite. I kinda wanted to give them a hug. The room was as i expected, enough for one person. and it was PERFECT!!!!I felt as if i were in a sleeper train in the 1930s. The bed was comfy , the pillows were heavenly ( i totally wanted to take one , had a great sleep that night) and even though the idea of a communal shower made me feel eh, when i saw it and actually took a shower i was blown away.the shower head was better than the one i have at home. and everyone there ( whether resident or guest) was just so nice. its rare to find that. I have been to high end hotels where the neighbors have been less than nice.Overall i can not wait to go there again!! this time with my boyfriend of course.had such a relaxing experience. i love the jane.the only flaw i can say is that my blackberry was not getting a good signal. but in the grand scheme of things..who cares. i got to stay in a great place.	
Mar 23 2009 	Clean and Cozy -- Very cozy	Stayed one night while in New York to visit some friends and have fun. While it is true they were still doing some renovations when we stayed, the staff was friendly and helpful and we didn't have any noise problems with residents or guests. The room was spotless and very functional for as small as it was. The bed was comfortable and temperature control was fine. Bathrooms were extremely clean for being shared (they provide robe and slippers for you). We (yes we) really liked the place, but I would not recommend trying to squeeze two people in one of these rooms unless you are both very small people. Aside from our foolish attempt to cram two people into the bed, we would definitely recommend The Jane for any traveler looking for clean, safe, and very cheap accommodations in the City. Would not recommend for stuffy, high maintenance travelers.	
Feb 23 2009 	Funky charm with great location - renovation halfway done.	I tried to do a lot of homework on where to stay in the city on a grad student budget. I managed to get a seasonal special, and the Jane was the only hotel that didn't have multiple nightmarish reviews in the given pricepoint. It was clean, the room was very clean, the bathrooms (while shared) were very clean at all hours. My room was a little hot - had to run fan and A/C with window open, but one night it was perfect. Biggest complaint was that some of the longtime residents smoke like chimneys. And that was not even noticeable in my room, so it was more of a mild irritant than a true issue. I am definitely coming back, as they are going to have rooftop access for the bar and a pool/spa. The location was extremely convenient to dining, subway, shopping, and the West Village. Cabs went by every 30 seconds all morning and afternoon, just down the block, so transit was stupid simple.	
Jan 15 2009	Cozy 	I stayed at The Jane for New Year's Eve, and it was great! The rooms are small but have everything I needed for a fun night in the city. All the little details in the rooms are great - the hooks on the wall for hanging my stuff, the wifi, the flatscreen tv. The location downtown was convenient, and the staff at the hotel were all very friendly.	
Jan 7 2009 	absolutely amazing!	so, im sitting in room 448 of the jane hotel at this very moment writing this review. i'd just like to say, this is probably the COOLEST hotel ive ever ever been to. i love it here. i seriously want to live here. ive never been to the chelsea hotel, but i have a feeling The Jane is going to have the same sort of cult following someday. the rooms are small, but seriously, who spends all day in their hotel room in new york anyway? they have everything you really need, tv, ac, bath robes, flipflops, clean towels, windows that open, the bathrooms are clean, the showers are clean, the elevator is AWESOME, the location is classy, the employees are respectful and helpful.its like darjeeling limited, mixed with chelsea hotel, mixed with the titanic. i actually stayed in the room with my boyfriend, two to a room like this, but it never felt cramped. the big mirrors on the wall help to open up the space. plus lots and lots of storage, a safe, and an energy efficient electricity and plumbing system. im coming back. for sure. i love it here. lovelovelove it.	
Oct 31 2008 	Not Ready For Prime Time	Please be warned: the Jane is in in the process of converting from a NYC rooming house into a hotel. While I was there, all of my fellow residents were actual residents. Late night coming and going, folks hanging out in the hall, as well as personal possessions. Had to walk around guys on ladders, guys carrying bags of trash, plaster, etc. Elevator out of order. Restaurant on the first floor not in existence yet, still under construction. When this is all done, it'll look great and will be a cheap alternative for folks who don't mind sharing a bathroom with the whole floor but right now, not ready, still a rooming house. Rooms are truly tiny tiny but that was expected (barely bigger than the bed). I was surprised that its marketed as a hotel at the present.	
Oct 19 2009 	decidi cosa vuoi		
Oct 8 2009 	veramente troppo piccolo		
Oct 3 2009 	Super "Podhotel" mit Atmosphäre		
Oct 2 2009 	Sólo para aventureros!!		
Jul 29 2009 	Lo stretto necessario		
Jun 17 2009 	une seule nuit suffit		
Nov 3 2008 	excelente opción		
