Oct 18 2009 	Fabulous stay at The Mark	We stayed at The Mark for 1 night over Labor day weekend. The hotel had just reopened recently. During the time of our stay, it was their &quot;soft opening&quot; phase, where the hotel was not fully completed (restaurant, gym, bar, and hair salon were still under construction). We were a little skeptical because the hotel was very expensive, even at a discounted price, however, we were blown away with the design and comfort of the hotel and room. We were particularly pleased with the service that Andrea, the reception manager, showed to us. He showed us to our room and explained how everything worked.Our room was immaculate and quite honestly the best we've ever stayed in (including Vegas). I'm not sure how the hotel looked before they closed for 2 years, but whatever happened, it was given a complete makeover.The rooms were enormous and very modern in design. The closet space could accommodate anyone staying for about a month. The bathroom was all marble; the tub was long and deep enough for 2 people (I think), and separate shower big enough to fit a party of 5. There was a TV in the mirror of the bathroom vanity, which was very cool. There was a telephone, scale, towel warmer, and professional hairdryer all just in the bathroom.The room itself could be controlled by a universal remote control. The remote controlled the electric shades over the windows, the large LCD TV, Blu Ray DVD player, lights, and air conditioning. Along with complimentary snacks (like pretzels, candy, soda, and water) we were also given a box of cookies that came from a restaurant down the street. Included in the price of the hotel was also a complimentary breakfast, which was great.Overall we couldn't have been happier with our stay at The Mark. And if possible, it's going to be even more amazing once it's fully completed!	
Jun 11 2006	Quiet Luxury	My husband and I stayed at The Mark on 6/10. We had a deluxe king room which, for NYC, was very large. The wonderful location of the hotel (Upper East Side close to museums, art galleries, Central Park, and upscale shopping) was only surpassed by the extremely professional care by the entire staff. The Mark Bar and the restaurant are wondrful also. Everything about this hotel is quality and quiet luxury. I plan to be back!	
May 10 2006	the mark- somewhat "off the mark"	we stayed at the mark for a wedding that was held in the hotel. the rooms are very tired and in dire need of an update. the room was large enough but oddly shaped like an &quot;l&quot;, but the bathroom, especially the shower, was nice (but old). the hotel has no grand loby, a very small bar area, and was exceedingly overpriced even with the &quot;wedding guest&quot; deal. the best thing about the mark is the location- on the upper eastside- that must be what warrants the price- and only that. the wedding, by the way, was way too over crowded- the room was long and narrow and it was impossible to get on the dance floor and even navigate to get to the other side of the room. the couple got to have their fancy n.y. address for their affair, but the guests were squeezed together like sardines. next time less people or a different location.	
Mar 26 2006	Remarkable Mark	Most of the Upper East Side has streets of elegant brownstones and sky high penthouses for the very fortunate, out of reach for the average traveler. One hotel, The Mark, stands out with the very best this international city has to offer; incredible customer service.I've stayed at the hotel a number of times. While the guest rooms need updating, the rooms are roomy and comfortably appointed. Like any great hotel, The Mark's able staff goes out of their way to make your trip more comfortable. I found the staff helpful, courteous and eager to help me obtain hard to get show tickets and reservations for the best restaurants. the Conceirge successfully obtained a reservation for each of our dining requests.Years ago, before I became a returning guest, I got caught up in a nasty rainstorm with no coat or umbrella. The doorman greeted me at the door and welcomed me as if I was one of the most important guests! After successfully hailing a cab, he said goodbye and handed me one of the hotel's great umbrellas.Last January, I took a trip with my daughter to the city. Upon arrival, I complained of a bad headache. After going to bed, my daughter, a student nurse, checked my head and realized that I needed medical attention. She quickly called the hotel operator, who advised her that an on call doctor, courtesy of The Mark, would be at my side within the hour. Within 45 minutes the doctor examined my head and contacted the hotel staff. She asked them to arrange an appointment with a dermatologist first thing in the morning. She also let the staff person know that she wished to be contacted again, no matter what time, if my pain worsened. The hotel sent a car to fill my prescription at a 24 hour pharmacy and immediately delivered it to my room, along with cold bottled water. The next morning I saw a terrific Park Ave. doctor who advised me that I had a nasty case of shingles which might have blinded me permanently if left undiagnosed. The Mark's limo took me to the appointment. That afternoon a very kind and reassuring Conceirge, Mr. David Moreno, called to check on me and let me know that staff had been alerted and I should call if I needed anything. I am immensely grateful to The Mark and especially to Mr. Moreno for rescuing me that trip. Through the hotel's contacts I was able to receive immediate private care instead of waiting for hours in a hospital emergency room. I don't think I appreciated before the kindness of strangers. Being sick is no fun, but being sick on a trip can be dangerous. The Mark has several doctors that can be called at a moment's notice for guests in distress. Maybe that's why Christina Applegate and other stars stay at this great address when away from home.I will never be The Mark's most important guest, but I will remain one of their most grateful.	
Mar 20 2006	Great service at the Mark let you forget the rooms in dire need of renovation	The Mark , part of the Mandarin Oriental chain, situated at 25 East 77th Street in the upper east side delivers big with regard to their service attitude and the friendliness of their personnel regardless if it was the housekeeping department, doormen, reception or restaurant. We had already received an upgrade by American Express Centurion Travel service as part of their agreement with Mandarin Oriental when the front office manager, since we stayed 4 nights, upgraded us further to a Grand Deluxe room which turned out to be very spacious incl. of a little kitchenette since the Mark used to be a residental condominium long time ago.check in was very efficient, no problem getting an early check in at 12 PM and our luggage was delivered very promptly.As I already said the room was spacious, the bathroom rather on the small side, but with a separate shower and the shower head was a high pressure shower which you didn't want to leave once you entered. Drawer space in the bathroom was non existent unfortunately. Hotel provided two very nice bathrobes in each room which were extremely comfortable.The drawer space in the bedroom was adequate though not extremely generous. The bed itself of average quality, but comfortable to sleep.The television in the room a disgrace for the a 5 star hotel, 27 inch normal TV, no flat screen, LCD or Plasma which today I would expect if you pay 500 USD per night. High speed internet available for 15 US$ per 24 hours, which I consider a litte bit on the expensive side, the St.Regis NY in comparison where I stayed last month was 9.95 US$, the Mark has also now wireless internet available in the room, although the signal appeared to be rather weak.Overall the major weakness of the hotel is that the whole hotel for the price you are paying needs a serious renovation/upgrade in all parts starting with the room itself ( new matresses, new carpet floor, more modern bathromms incl fixtures etc.). Worst probaby is the hearting/air conditioning which in the winter now made us freeze to &quot;death&quot; nearly. The system is not adequate anymore for a 5 star hotel.But as I said in my title, the hotel provides wonderful service which you are used to as part of the Mandarin Oriental chain, this makes you forget a lot of things. Nice touch is that if you are having breakfast at the hotel ( continental or American) you also can order a Cappunccino which they don't charge you extra, this was a first for us since at most hotels you get charged extra if you order a Cappuccino for breakfast.Overall we were quite happy with our stay and liked it better than our stay last month at the St.Regis, although the st.regis had the much more modern rooms, but service wise had some serious attitude problems.Will we return to the Mark, it is a matter of the price, if I get the same deal as now with American Express probably yes, if they would upgrade/renovate the rooms, it would be a no-brainer.	
Mar 17 2006	Great location but not really worth the money	First the good news: The Mark is easily the quietest and most solidly built New York hotel I've ever stayed in. Try to get a room overlooking the inner courtyard (rooms ending in the numbers 18 or 20) rather than East 77th, since if you succeed, you will be spared the traffic noise and honking which the city is justifiably notorious for. The hotel, which sits 150 yards from Central Park and is a five-minute stroll away from the Metropolitan Art Museum, is an easy 20 block walk from the main shopping districts. It's a great location.  Initial impressions were good. I could have saved $100 or more a night by booking over the Internet but decided to call up and specifically request a quiet room. They said the only room of the kind I wanted would be occupied for my family's three-night stay but when we arrived they'd switched things around and we got the room we wanted. The place reeks of quiet luxury and class and on check-in, we were personally escorted to our room. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door and in came a waiter with a complimentary bottle of wine, a range of hors d'oeuvres and fruit and even a chilled glass of milk for our nine-year-old daughter. And why might this be, you may ask. Because my wife and I had both had tough starts to the year and decided to get away in some style, which meant paying out $820 a night for a large one-room suite. The room was just what we wanted: two doors separated the sleeping quarters from the queen-sized sofa-bed in the living room. The first impressions did not stick. We ordered two cappiccinos from room service and that was $24 gone in an instant. A so-so breakfast in the dark restaurant on the ground floor the next morning cost well over $100. At this point you may say &quot;Hang on, this is New York, what did you expect?&quot; And you'd be right, which is why we ate out after this. The other hassles we could do little about. The beds are very short, rather uncomfortable and not suitable for anyone over six feet in height (as I am). The main bathroom was cramped and the bath tub was minute. We froze for the first two of our three nights because despite a total of five requests, the hotel could not manage to repair the antiquated heating system in the living room. When they finally got it fixed, they left it on full blast (and added portable heaters to each room) so when we returned we walked into a wall of sauna-like heat. We were also charged $30 a night for the privilege of having the sofa bed made up, a task they sometimes remembered to do. Usually I would have laughed off all the above as part of the experience of travelling, but when I pay $1,000 US a night for a room I expect something pretty close to perfection. If you're looking for a really special hotel experience in New York, I'd suggest you look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2006	Loved The Mark	We have just returned from a weekend at The Mark and can only really say how great it was. We arranged with hotel for a car to pick us up from JFK on Friday which was worth the extra 20 dollars over a normal cab fare and much more relaxing than the normal frenetic cab rides. On arrival we received a warm welcome and found our deluxe room to be excellent and very spacious for a Manhatten Hotel. The hotel itself is magnificent and occupies a great location near to both Central Park and the shopping delights of Madisson and Fifth Avenue.Having read a couple of reviews on this site I must admit we were a little concerned over what level of service to expect. However all the staff met our previous experience of the excellent standards of service at a Mandarin Oriental hotel. New York is great and The Mark is a fantastic place to stay. Our only negative comment would be that wireless internet access would have been appreciated.	
Oct 18 2009 	Muy bien situado y frecuentado por actores no residentes.		
Aug 6 2009 	Nuovo bellissimo Hotel a New York ottima posizione!		
