Nov 22 2009 	Clean Comfortable and all round good hotel	I not long returned from this hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm and the reception staff were very friendly and checked in striaght away, reception also provided us a street map which is very helpful and used thru out my stay. We were on the 8th floor at the back of the hotel so the view was of office blocks but didnt bother us as you dont spend any time in your room and at night we heard no noise! The room were smallish but once again you dont spend much time in your room, however they were very up-to-date and we had 2 double beds in the room (requested twin beds) the beds were so comfortable and was like sleeping on a cloud!!! Another bonus was there was plenty of pillows too which you dont usual find in hotels!!! Towels were provided as well as the standard shower gels and soap. A free paper was at your door every morning. The hotel includes breakfast which was great, there was cerals, toast, muffins, and a couple of hot opitions such as egg, bacon this changed each morning which was good as always something different to have, coffee, tea and juices. One night we asked reception where the nearest place we could get a tea from and they allowed us to get one from the dining room free of charge which was good service. There is also an ATM in the hotel., and a fitness centre free of charge which to be honest I didnt use so didnt go to see it, free sercure wi-fi at the hotel too. The hotel I thought was a great location just one block from Macys and Empire State Building, times square was an easy walk away. We timed from the hotel to 59th St where Central park starts and it took 45 mins at a steady pace. As our flight was in the evening the hotel kept hold of our bags for us and even locked away my laptop and ordered us a taxi to the airport. All in all a great hotel and would stay here again when I return to NY,	
Nov 16 2009 	NYC	Centrally located, clean and the hospitality was great.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice Hotel	I've stayed here a few times since the hotel opened. It is nice, but nothing special. I try to stay in Hilton Family hotels and like Hampton's. My main problem with this Hampton is the front desk staff -- they act like they are doing you a huge favor just by checking you in. Overall, the rooms are fine. The lobby is a bit dingy, surprising because it is only a year or so old. They have a small fitness room, a business center and free wifi. The location is close to Penn Station, Macy's and Times Square (5 minute walk), so it is a great base for the city.	
Nov 8 2009 	Better than expected!!!	I was reluctant to book originally because this hotel was rated two stars. I guess the two star hotel in my mind was small, filthy, outdated and dilapidated. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked into our room. Clean, updated, and had very comfortable beds. The room wasn't big but wasn't as small as most hotels in NYC. Internet was included as well as a breakfast that was not only the usual continental, but also had hot items. You do have to get to breakfast early, because it does not appear they replenish. Location was convenient, only a few blocks to time square and other midtown attractions.I'm not sure why this was only rated 2 stars, but it definitely felt more like 3 stars to me.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent base to explore new york	Hotel is ideally located for sight seeing and shopping - in fact you can see empire state from your hotlel window (if you are lucky like us) and can pop around the corner to shop at Macys!. Room was a family room, not large but enough space for the four of us and our luggage, clean and tiday with comfortable beds. Bathroom small but had excellent shower and gave you the complimentary shower gels etc. Hotel was quiet but the noise of new york could be heard ( especailly trash collection day). Breakfast available each morning and my youngest loved the doughnuts!. All staff very friendly and always happy to help. If you want food i would reccommend Brendans (oppostie the hotel) and RUB (bbq) and for pizza Lombardis (expensive but nice). The subway was just outside the hotel and the daily/weekly tickets allow you to travel everywhere. Beware of all the security checks when doing the sights as these can add in time for queuing etc.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value in a great location	Choosing a hotel in Manhattan is always a challenge. We like to be near Penn Station, so we can take the train in from Newark. The Hampton Inn is less than a 5 minute walk, which you can do underground if the weather is bad. The hotel appears to be very new and has a subway station less than 100 yards from the front door. You can walk quickly to Times Square or take the subway virtually anywhere in the city with ease.The room is very new and modern. We love the Cloud 9 beds and slept very well the 3 nights we were there.Our only criticisms were the lack of security at the elevator (someone would have to walk by the front desk to get on the elevator, but if the fron desk clerk is occupied, there is no one watching) and the proximity of our room to the ice machine on the 15th floor (do you really need ice at 3 in the morning?). Minor points for a really good hotel.The staff were wonderful, including the front desk, the breakfast crew and housekeeping.To sum it up, we were very pleased with the cleanliness of the hotel, the friendly and efficient staff, the modern design of the room, the quality of the breakfast and the location.	
Oct 20 2009 	Terrific location	We had a great 4 nights at this hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, have all you would expect for this size hotel.It is very central in Midtown Manhattan, right next to a subway station, close to the Empire State, 5th Avenue, Macy's, Broadway and Times Square to name a few!The staff were very helpful, and quick to rectify a fault with the lighting in one of our rooms. Free breakfast at convenient time too!Thoroughly recommended	
Oct 16 2009 	Good place to stay	I thought the Hampton Inn was a great value place, you get more than your money's worth. Friendly staff, rooms were clean and you get complimentary wifi and continental breakfast. Quiet sleep and didn't have to wait long for the elevators - longest I waited was possibly 2 minutes one time. The contentental breakfast had a good assortment - fruit, juice, bagels, donuts, yoghurt, cereal and 1 hot egg breakfast - not bad! Right around the corner from Macy's and Herald Square and next to that is Empire State Building - very nice to see at night! I would come here again. For a restaurant, try Nicks &amp; Stef's Steak house $$$ but worth it - near Madison Square Garden. Also, go see Memphis Broadway show - very good show!	
Oct 14 2009 	Fantastic	Got this hotel through Hotwire. Very very happy. This hotel is right in the middle of so many things. Macy's is just down the street, great location to the subway. The hotel iteself is very nice. Rooms are great and very nice. Very comfortable. The staff is very nice and the breakfast is very good and included with your room. Would recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to New York.	
Oct 9 2009 	Brand New Great location!	The hotel itself is brand new (opened Nov. 08 I believe), and everything looks new. The location is superb...not only are you in walking distance to many attractions, but it is also well connected with a subway stop on the corner. The rooms have new flatscreens, which I found impressive. The actual size of the room is big for NYC standards, though those unaccustomed to the hotels of NYC may find it a bit small, but I can't fault the property for this. As with all Hampton's, you get a free breakfast in the morning. The breakfast staff was very warm and welcoming with a &quot;Good morning, sir&quot; every time. Parking is available directly across the street and you receive a discount there with your hotel stay. However, the price is still sky-high per NYC standards. The hotel did assist my wife with getting luggage across the (at times) busy street, and it was very appreciated. The business center was new and convenient. We were able to go down and print some directions in a matter of minutes. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and if the price looks good, take this place!	
Sep 29 2009 	This is a great place!!	The location is great. It's 1/2 a block away from the 34th Street Herald Square station and one block away from the Empire State Building. It's about 2 blocks away from Macy's.The beds are comfortable, and breakfast is included.Also there is free Wi Fi!!I'd stay there again in a second!!	
Sep 24 2009 	great location small space	This hotel is located near Herald Square and is a very short walk from the Herald Square/34th Street stop on the subway. You can easily walk to the Empire State building from the hotel. We enjoyed having a free breakfast, free wireless internet, and free access to the business center (great for checking into your flight and printing your boarding past). The rooms are clean and modern with large flat screen televisions. If you are looking for room to stretch out, there isn't much. The king-sized bed took up most of the floor space, but if you plan to spend more time exploring the city and less time in your room, it will work just fine!	
Sep 22 2009 	Stay at this hotel and experience the worst customer service ever	Do not stay at this hotel! The customer service is horrible, we only booked with this hotel because they promised 2 beds. We were booked for 7 nights for the first 3 nights my cousin (male) and I (female) had to share a double bed.The front desk just ignored our requests and said no room was available. We finally got a room with 2 beds on night 4. To say the least this made our trip very uncomfortable. I have been calling, emailing, phoning the hotel to try and get some response from management and they have never bothered to even reply. The hotel is run down and not worth the price. That combined with the customer service, makes it a bad place to stay.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great deal and a free breakfast? What's not to like?	I booked this hotel through Priceline's Name Your own Price service and got it for $115 for one night. What a deal! My room was clean, comfortable and not a bad size for a hotel in the middle of Manhattan. HD TV with a large selection of cable channels was a nice touch. Free wi-fi in each room. Staff was friendly and helpful, especially when i needed extra coffee packets deliviered to the room. Free breakfast in the morning is a huge plus. The breakfast room had all the basics - omlettes, hot and cold cereal, coffee, bagels, muffins, donuts, fresh fruits, yogurt and more. My room had a view of both Macy's and the Empire State Building. Subway entrance is literally steps away from the front door. My one and only (minor) complaint was slow elevator service. Only 2 elevators serving a 20-story hotel is inadequate. That being said, it was perfect for a one-night stay.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great for a weekend stay but not otherwise	Stayed here for 6 days at the beginning of September. Check in time is 3PM. E-mailed before and also asked when we got there for a room with a view as it was our first time in NY but we were given a room at the back facing an office. Upside to this was that it was very quiet. Perfect night's sleep every night. The room was very comfortable. Other reviews have complained about the rooms being too small but for two people in a king room, there was plenty of space. Bathroom was spacious also. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was always very clean. There is free Wi-Fi in the hotel which is great. The complimentary breakfast every morning was great. There was plenty to choose from- fruit, yogurts, cereal, doughnuts, toast, juice, tea &amp; coffee and there's a different choice of hot food everyday. If you don't have time to stop, they provide 'on the run' breakfast bags at reception which I thought was a lovely touch. So if you're just planning to stay a couple of nights, this hotel is good. Location is one subway stop from Times square or a short walk. I never felt unsafe in the area. Central Park is a bit of a trek and if I was to plan another trip to NY, I'd stay nearer to there, but that's just my preference. The reason the stay wasn't perfect were a couple of things that bugged me about the hotel. Firstly, there is no safe in the room. There are safety deposit boxes at reception but you are usually left waiting in a queue to get access to the box. The box is thin and flat so there's no fitting a big camera in there. Both my partner and I had brought plenty of camera equipment and SLR cameras and there was no facilities at all to store these. I felt a bit uneasy about that but if you don't need to store anything safely, then this won't affect your stay at all. Secondly, I thought people were exaggerating about the elevators but there are only two for 20+ floors and there's no staff elevator either. You will find yourself waiting a long time for the lifts if the hotel is full, sometimes up to 10 minutes. This can be frustrating when you're in a hurry somewhere. Lastly, there are no laundry facilities in the hotel or the surrounding area. This is not an issue if you're only staying a couple of days but for some people, this might be a problem. Overall, I had a great stay and there are no major deal breakers with this hotel.	
Sep 8 2009	Want to go back one day	We have just returned from spending 5 days in NY we stayed at the Hampton Inn Hotel 59 w 35th street. Hotel was lovely however I do have one gripe which is the breakfast room in the hotel was sooo cold they had the air conditiioning on 24/7 which for me made it very uncomfortable at breakfast even though I had a jacket/cardgian on.I thought (whilst walking around) I might feel at risk in some way but I did not  I want to praise the staff at all the shops we visited ( not top designer shops) they were soo helpful to me. They will take you to the particular item you are looking for which impressed me greatly as I think here in UK they would simply point to an area!! I would like to say to those of you debating whether to go on a cruise/dinner....go we went with World Yacht Cruises and it was a very lovely evening, ladies do take a jacket/cardigan as the restaurant is very cold for quite a while into the trip I had a jacket (of sorts) but felt very cold for some time. The meal was excellant my husband had the steak and he raved about it, I had the chocolate dessert and it is to die for believe me!!!!!when you disembark from the cruise walk to the road turn right walk a short distance down and you will see taxi/cabs waiting, these will be cheaper than taking the offer of limo or other kinds waiting for you	
Sep 6 2009 	Perfect	I stayed at this hotel while taking the New York State Bar Exam, which is not a fun experience. The hotel made a big difference for me. I needed a place that was clean, quiet, and comfortable, and the Hampton Inn fit the bill. It was nearly new, and it was spotless all around. My room was small, but it was all I needed. The bed was amazingly big and comfortable, and there was a great desk to work at. The free Wifi in the room was a huge bonus. I got a great rate on Priceline ($230 for 2 nights including taxes), and it felt like a steal. If you're looking for a place to stay in New York that's clean, comfortable, convenient, and friendly, this is the place to go. If you want a better place, you're going to have to spend at least twice as much money.	
Sep 2 2009 	Close to it all and a good value	My daughter and I met my sister for a long weekend in NYC and she had booked this hotel through an Expedia deal. She paid $855 for 6 nights and a flight from Detroit, not a bad deal. The hotel is very close to the subway and Times Square was only a few minutes walk away. The breakfast varied each day so it didn't get to boring. There were cheese &quot;omelettes&quot; and ham, eggs and sausage, french toast sticks and sausage. Other items included the usual - oatmeal (from a pouch), yogurt, fruit, muffins, donuts, etc. The hotel was very clean but small as I hear most NYC hotel rooms are. It was a good home base for a weekend visit.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great stay!	This is a very nice hotel. I got a great deal through hotwire and, because of the price and the fact that it is in Manhattan, I was not expecting much but only to sleep and do some shopping and sightseeing. Boy was a surprised! Everything is pretty much walking distance from this hotel. There is even a subway steps away. I almost never get a free breakfast (95%) when I stay at hotels, no matter the stat rating. Thus, I was surprised to not only get breakfast with my stay, but get smorgasbord. The only problem I had was that my room was taken due to the fact that I did not call in a late check-in (a day later, ops!), but they quickly accommodated my needs even though this was my fault. If I was on a budget to NYC, I would stay here again, although I would want to explore another hotel next time in town, but that is just personal choice. Also, if you do want to stay in this area, there is a Hilton Gardens hotel right next door. After keeping the prices, don’t waste your time or money! Pick the Hampton.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very nice - recommended	We lucked into a great rate of $139 for this hotel, and were very pleased with the property and its location. The hotel is at Herald Square with a subway station on the next corner. Times Square is easily within walking distance; just follow Broadway diagonally and you are there in minutes. Rooms were clean and furnishings very nice. High speed internet worked great, and there was also a free business center downstairs if you wanted to print anything. Breakfast was way more than I expected in an NYC hotel. Friendly staff. A/C was great and very welcome as Manhattan was having a series of its typical steamy summer days.	
Aug 14 2009	Only ok.	I stayed at this hotel for one night in July and one night in August. This hotel was clean and in an adequate location. However, if you plan on walking (not using subways, taxis or buses) to get around, you are better off moving up towards Times Square area...the attractions are more accessible by foot there. The rooms in this hotel are very small, like most NYC hotels. I did not use the free breakfast. The bellman was helpful with luggage and getting taxis etc. There are only 2 elevators for 20 floors and they are INCREDIBLY slow. We had a room with a view of the building next door. We had some problems with check-in at this hotel. We arrived early, around 11:00am. The person at the front desk informed me my room was not ready and would not be ready until 3:00pm. He suggested we check our luggage with the bellman and come back at that time. So we gave our luggage to the bellman (who was very sweet) but our luggage was left in open view and unattended for about 20 mins in a very crowded, cramped lobby. We waited in the lobby until our baggage was safely stored away. Then we walked around NYC for few hours and came back to the hotel around 2:00pm, at which time he once again informed me that my room was stiil not ready. I was not impressed, so we sat and waited in the lobby. About 5 minutes after we sat down, a room was magically ready. The same thing happened when we returned to this hotel in August, only this time we were prepared for it and planned accordingly. Throughout the summer I have stayed at 5 different hotel chains and all of them either had our room ready when we checked in or shortly thereafter. I am generally impressed with Hampton Inns...but not this one. Overall, this hotel is ok, but it isn't as good as the Hampton Inn Times Square North which is in a better location and has MUCH larger rooms, more staff and better service.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great hotel and a great location	We ended our holiday with a five day stay in New York. With two teenagers this location is great. The coffee, tea and juice were always there on the way back into the room, even at night. Very clean rooms, a little small, but if you are in New York you should spend as less time as possible in your room. The shower (massage) was terrific with enough hot water. Staff was very helpful in arranging for cab/limo to take us to airport on departure. There is a subway stop just steps from the front door. It is VERY walkable to Times Square and Broadway plays.Breakfast was good: fresh fruits, breads, doughnuts, cereals, eggs, juices, oatmeal. Always kept stocked full.We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if you can get a great rate (Travelzoo.com)	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent clean room great employees great breakfast!	This hotel had everything we needed, except for 2 extra nights we wanted to add at the last minute. The staff was very kind and helpful. The breakfast choices made one want to stay and fill up on everything. Fresh fruits, breads, doughnuts, cereals, eggs, juices, oatmeal. (You name it). Always kept stocked full. The business center was a plus and the workout room was sufficient. Bedding and rooms were clean and nice. Elevators were fast. Subway was close by. Only confusion was the park and go rate. They failed to mention that I had to pay the parking and return with the receipt to have the charges removed from my hotel bill.	
Jul 26 2009 	Average hotel for a great price.	On the whole, I'd have to say I liked this hotel a lot. You certainly should stay for the view (we were on the 2nd floor) or room size (you can hardly walk around without having to move your suitcases), but you should certainly stay for the location and the value. The beds are great and the staff is sufficient. We mostly used the stairs as the elevators are very slow.The subway is steps away and you're only about eight blocks from Times Square. It's also very safe.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent Excellent Excellent!!	Have to agree with all the excellent reviews written about this hotel. Stayed there from June 13-15, and it couldn't have been better. The hotel is in a good location, near all the major attractions and right next to a subway station. Everything is mega clean, to the point that the bathtub was sparkling (I'm not kidding, when you turned the light on, you could see it shine, that's how clean it was). The free breakfast is a plus. The food is average, but there is enough variety to satisfy everyone and it's free, so you can't beat that. What everyone says about Chad is true. He goes out of his way to help you, even if it means standing in the rain to get you a taxi! Now that's service. I stayed at a five star hotel where I paid triple the rate, and the service was not as good. Everyone in this hotel is helpful and nice. They make you feel welcomed. Oh, and my room was ready at 11 am! I didn't have to wait until the check in time to be assigned a room. And the room is quite big by New York standards.I definitely recommend this hotel. Good location, good service, at an excellent rate. One of the best experiences I've had.	
Jul 8 2009	A Wonderful Place in Mid-Town Manhattan for Short Stay	My wife and I and our daughter stayed in Hampton Inn Empire State for six nights in early June and thought of it as a wonderful place to stay in mid-town Manhattan. Hotel staff, all of them, but most particularly Chad, Tiericica, Debrah and the always-smiling Marinela were very helpful and accommodating. We enjoyed the Hotel's dinning area and its extended breakfast hours (and those who missed the serving time, wouldn't be left hungry as ready made paperbags stuffed with a small snack and a bottle of water were waiting on the receptionist counter to be picked up by guests on their way out for exploring the Big Apple. The hotel's absolutely invaluable business centre with free Internet, plus its cleanliness and superb location contributed much to our enjoyment. We definitely recommend Hampton Inn Empire State to readers of this review.Fred and Shaz (from Vancouver, British Columbia)	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Place to Stay	If I went back to NYC, I would stay here again. Very convenient to the subway and the NYC life of Time's Square, Macy's, Empire State and shopping district. It was very clean and great beds. Price was great for the location. Only complaint I would have is when taking a shower, the water would trickle for a second but than the pressure would come back on. Staff are very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great. Nice that they provided juice and/or coffee at the end of the day in the breakfast room. Highly recommend this place for anyone.	
Jun 26 2009 	Reasonable and clean but not a stand-out location	This property is located right off Herald Square, so if you are interested in the Macy's scene, you are in the right spot. The night-life in this area pretty much shuts down when Macy's closes, so there are other areas that may be more desireable if this is what you are after. This is a no-frills property. The rooms are clean. We were given a handi-capped room which was a very nice size for a NYC hotel. Something to consider if given this choice - the shower has no curb - similar to some showers in Europe. So the water will go everywhere inside the bathroom. Interestingly, it was designed with a slight slope to drain out of the shower instead of into it! We had to place towels on the floor along the shower to keep the bathroom floor to keep the water contained to the shower area. The free breakfast is a plus - not grand but very edible. Front desk and doorman staff were very helpful and friendly. Biggest problem - our next door neighbor would come in at 5 am, slam the room door, get on her phone and start a screeming conversation. We questioned whether she was coming in off a long night's work. This happened every night that during our stay. We registered a complaint with the front desk staff, but it really wasn't the hotel's fault. Would we stay again? Not sure. You can't beat the price for NYC. The room was nice and clean. We've stayed at Hilton Garden Inn off Time's Square and it is a better property. There is a HGI right next door to this hotel and it does look a bit more up scale. Guess the reason why I wouldn't stay again would be the location.	
Jun 24 2009 	This is the only hotel I will stay in when visiting NYC again!	This HAD to be the cleanest hotel I have EVER stayed in. The door man Chaz was excellent and extremely helpful! I wasn't afraid to touch anything in the room. The breakfast was excellent and right on time. Thanks again to the kind service this hotel gave. Oh and it was in a very convenient spot.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed here twice during June and both times the rooms were really clean with good furnishings. The rooms were good in size for doubles. The staff were really friendly and very central with Macy's across the block and the metro on the corner. Times Square is just a short walk away.	
Jun 18 2009 	I'll never stay anywhere else in New York!!!!!	This hotel was great!!! The rooms are great -clean and actually nicely sized for New York. We had ten ladies in 4 rooms, and we all felt the same way. The breakfast was nice, even hot items, and there is a huge atrium type area to eat. The staff is very helpful. Chad we love you!! The concierge, Chad, helped us with all of our needs. He arranged transportation throughout the weekend. Additionally the staff constantly denied our tips. The hotel is in a great location and in walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Madison Square Gardens, and right around the corner from the Empire State Building. One teeny tiny complaint is that the elevators were a little slow, but this is probably because they were booked as everyone wants to stay here!!	
May 31 2009 	depends what you are looking for but pretty decent	Stayed here for 5 nights in a king bed non smoking room. Booked through a 3rd party and got a decent rate for the location. Newer hotel and rooms were clean and ours was quiet ( on the back side). Room was ok in size but its New York so to be expected. Staff were great very friendly and able to answer any questions or concerns easily. Continental breakfast was included and was better then I expected. One issue was the breakfast room got busy and there would be no open tables and things like the toaster was backed up 5 deep. Free internet and they also had a business centre. Great location for business or to tour around Manhattan. Other close hotels were the Hilton Garden Inn, Hotel Metro and a Comfort Inn.	
May 29 2009 	Decent accommodations good breakfast good location	Stayed for one night while in town for business. Got the AAA rate of ~$185 U.S.The Good:- Free wired &amp; wireless Internet- Good A/C with a real thermostat. Too many three star Manhattan hotels have those cheap dial-based fan units so this was good.- Great LCD TV with a ton of channels.- Complete breakfast with lots of choices.- Good bathroom amenitiesThe (somewhat) Bad:- No room safe - would have been nice to have one-	
May 14 2009 	Good value but some issues	This is a brand new hotel and very attractive on the inside and outside. Service was great for this level of hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The floor plan of the tower was very tight though. The hallways were narrow and there was a housekeeping cart right outside the elevator on our floor nearly every time we returned to the room. The rooms were tiny as well, but that's someone expected in NYC. I did however find myself feeling like the room wasn't big enough for our basic needs, which is not something that I've ever really noticed in a hotel. There were 4 of us and there really was nowhere to unfold our bags and spread out. The beds also were acceptable but nowhere NEAR the comfortability of Hyatt Place beds, and had strange lumps in the comforters. But the location was spectacular right off the busy but not obnoxiously so--I'm talkin' to you Times Square!--Herald Square. The subway station is literally just steps away, so the location is convenient to the whole city. Also we came by train from EWR and it's an easy walk here from Penn Station, even with luggage.	
May 5 2009 	Great Top to Bottom!	We stayed here for three nights and loved it. Staff, cleanliness of rooms and location are highlights. Just steps from a subway. Very friendly staff, every one of them. Unfortunately we didn't have a room that faced the front but were still very happy with our room. The rooms are a little small but it's New York City so I expected that. However, the rooms are very clean and up-to-date. Area was safe and you could walk to Times Square, Empire State Building and Rockefeller Center. You could also take a short subway ride there as well (except Empire State). If you need some quick food there are a couple good mom &amp; pop Italian places right next to the hotel. I recommend the one (can't remember the name) that is about 100 feet to the east of the hotel (take a left when you walk out the door. Breakfast was standard continental and was fine. Nothing fancy but got the job done. I couldn't believe the rate I got. I just hope whoever manages this hotel keeps up the good work. I'll definitely stay there again when I come back. Free WiFi is a definite plus.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location but Not Great at Maximum Capacity	This hotel is perfectly situated near Herald Square and the famous Macy's. Like most visitors, just pop into Macy's to check out the vastness. But if you've got a Macy's in your hometown, don't bother shopping. We went while the Flower Show was going on. Beautiful floral arrangements on the main floor, but so crowded! Now, for the HOTEL. The lobby is welcoming, and the staff is down-to-earth and friendly. Not snobby at all. The room was clean and tidy and although we only stayed two nights, our room was made up when expected. Here are the NEGATIVES regarding this hotel, which we felt were strong enough to skip it next time we're in town:1. There are 20 floors and TWO elevators. There are no service elevators, so the cleaning crew has to use these same two elevators. How they got all the rooms cleaned on time was a mystery. Waiting for an elevator at peak times (breakfast from 6am-10am, dinner time when folks are heading back out, etc) took at least 10 minutes. There should be a rule - if you're on the 4th floor or below, no elevator for you!2. Breakfast supply was low, but was replenished as best as possible. It was obvious this place was sold out this weekend. Milk for the cereal had to be replenished, fresh fruit replenished and empty within 10 minutes, hot foods - same situation. A great little hotel ends up feeling like a shoe that fit 10 years ago but no longer does when at max capacity. Almost no place to sit once you did fill your bowl/cup/plate with food/coffee.3. Hot water in the showers was hard to come by. The room and bathroom were just fine. No complaints here at all. But on a rainy, windy, cold weekend in NYC, a hot shower is a relief we couldn't quite grasp because of the hot water issue.4. Security - really, I never feel unsafe in the city. But I found it a little odd that access to the floors where the rooms are was totally open. In some hotels, you need your key to access these floors. Not here. Really, anyone can walk right into the lobby, hop on the elevator, and make their way up to your floor. Obviously, don't be stupid and open the door for strangers, but still - it feels VERY accessible for just about anyone. I thought, homeless folks that clean themselves up can walk in, use the restroom, grab hot coffee/tea/juice/ice water and be on their way. But like I said, this city is very safe these days. Just a thought.If you're traveling to NYC during low visitor season (when is that?!), this hotel is probably a good enough option. Its proximity is great. Close to the subway, walking distance to Bryant Park/Times Square/Broadway/Rockefeller Center/Empire State Building. But if you're looking for a quaint getaway within the city, skip this one.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great place to stay	Family of 3 went to New York for Spring Break and could not have asked for a better place to stay. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. The location is fantastic. We looked out the window one way and saw Macy's and the Empire State Building the other way. There is a subway stop just steps from the front door. It is VERY walkable to Times Square and Broadway plays. We walked almost every night to Times Square to eat. The coffee and hot chocolate was always a welcome warm up on the way back into room. Very clean rooms, a little small, but very adequate for the time we spent in the room. Staff was very helpful in arranging for cab/limo to take us to airport on departure. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 8 2009	superb birthday treat stay!	Just back from this delightful hotel. Our room on 19th floor had great views, was quiet but airy. The standard of cleanliness was very high and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in; staff were really helpful particularly Carlos, the bellman. The self service breakfast gave plenty of choice with constant refills of produce. The extras like computer/printer use and constant coffee &amp; water were great. It was so easy to walk or take the subway to wherever you wanted to go. I can't think of anything negative to say about this excellent hotel and would certainly try to book into it again if I was ever in New York City	
Apr 5 2009 	No dissapointments!!	Girlfriends on 1st trip to the city...great location, friendly staff, great breakfast, clean rooms, will definitely stay here on next trip!	
Apr 3 2009 	Great! We loved it!	We spent one night here in March 2009. We booked it through Hotwire, so the price was a real deal. The truth is this hotel is very good, it has everything that you need when you visit NYC, and for the same price this quality is very difficult to find there. The hotel is very new or at least it was renovated, so everything looks clean and new. Rooms are not small, especially for NYC standards. For example, the bathroom has a tub, not only a shower like in many other tiny hotel rooms in the city. The room has a huge plasma tv, very comfortable and big beds, a desk for working, and even a notebook stand if you prefer to work in the bed. The breakfast was fine, and it is an extra value, especially for families. If don´t want to have breakfast downstairs, they have trays and you can take it to your room. The staff was very nice, and they helped us with some things that we forgot at home- toothbrush and shower cap-.Location is great, you have a metro station just in the corner, and Macy´s is one block away. I would return over and over again to this hotel, now on is my option number 1 because quality, price and location.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Value in NYC	I suprised my daughter with a trip to NYC for her 18th birthday. We stayed at the Hampton Inn 35th St. / Empire State Building from 3/27-4/2/2009. Following is how I'd sum it up:Excellent location - convenient to both Uptown and Downtown / Very friendly and helpful staff / Small rooms (it's NYC), but clean and functional / Free WiFi / Included breakfast (hot and cold items) a big plus / Coffee, water and juices 24-7 / Printing stuff off in the Business Center invaluable / Nice gym / Check around on the discount sites and you can find GREAT (and I MEAN GREAT) prices - we did!! We will return to NYC,and I will definitely stay here again!!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Why go anywhere else?	This was my first trip to NYC with friends and I enjoyed it tremendously. The hotel is nice and quaint and in a prime location. It's very pleasant and not too busy. It is within walking distance of Times Square, The Empire State Buidling, Madison Square Garden, and the Fashion District. The subway is located conveniently next to the hotel which is wonderful because aside from walking everywhere, this is mostly how we got around when we ventured out to Brooklyn and ChinaTown/Little Italy. The rooms are adorable and very clean. I absolutely love the beds! They are extremely comfortable. I wanted to stay in bed forever, but I couldn't...I was in NYC! There's no sleeping in NYC! There's too much to do! The complimentary breakfast that they serve each morning is nice and adequate. The hotel staff was very nice and courteous. I would like to give a special &quot;shout out&quot; to both Brian and Deborah. They were very accommodating and helped us to map our way throughout the city. Next time I come back to NYC, I will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Affordable clean good breakfast.	Stayed at the Hampton Inn to visit the city. Could walk or take the subway to all attractions. Was well satisfied with cleanliness of room/bathroom; decor was very nice. Breakfast was good; waffles, sausage, bagels, cereal, fruit salad. Staff was especially friendly and accomodating. Right after checking in, we received a phone call so see if we were well satisfied. Parking is available in garage across street.	
Mar 26 2009 	Excellent stay!	Good value, clean and friendly. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.I don't agree that the rooms are small, there were 3 of us and we had no problems at all. Buffet breakfast is a super idea and there was plenty of it and a good variety too. The 24/7 availability of tea, coffee and juice is also a godsend. Think of this when comparing prices, you can save quite a bit. Double beds very comfortable and a good night's sleep was had evenon the first night. Staff very friendly and helpful and lobby staff very good for information etc. Macy's only round the corner and the Empire State Building comes into view right outside the front door!! Would we stay there again? Certainly would!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Midtown Location but TEENY TINY ROOMS	I recently stayed for the first time at the Hampton Inn New York City Empire State Building. The hotel is located right off 35th St. in between 5th and 6th ave. The hotel is in a great location right near the Empire State Bldg, Macy's, Herald Square, and the New York City Library. It is right next door to the Hilton Garden Inn, and there are some good restaurants and plenty of parking lots near by. Keep in mind though that parking is between $35 and $45 a night. The hotel is fairly new and super clean. The rooms are sort of typical Hampton Inn with comfortable beds, nice bathrooms, and free wireless internet, which is a bonus in NYC. The big catch is the room size. The rooms are TINY, even by NYC standards. With a king size bed, dresser and desk, there was hardly any room to walk around. Since I was alone for one night, it was fine, but multiple nights or multiple people and I would go insane!One other slightly annoying thing was that the front desk staff really wasn't able to help with food recommendations. First I asked about the 4 Korean restaurants next door, and they couldn't tell me anything about them, nor could they recommend a place to get bagels within walking distance of the hotel. Kinda odd??For under $200 a night, if you must get your Hilton HHonors points, this is a decent choice for Midtown-East, but if you could care less about that stuff, stay somewhere else.	
Feb 22 2009 	Clean SMALL rooms	Stayed here mid-February with my 20-something dau and her friend, so there were 3 of us in the room (2 dbl beds). I stay in NYC once or twice a month and altho I have a couple &quot;favs&quot;. I also like to try some new places and different areas of the city. This location seemed a good bet for the activities we had planned, and it was...BUT...this is the SMALLEST room I have ever had in NYC. Even if there had been just me, the room would have been too small, and with 3 of us, it was very challenging.I asked the front desk staff if all the rooms were the same size and was told that yes, they are pretty much the same (the Kings would have slightly more room due to bed configuration).PROS: central location, close to subways and train stations, very clean and NEW, free breakfeastCONS: congested area, no &quot;neighborhood&quot; feel, VERY small rooms, THIN wallsI cannot recommend this hotel unless you were able to get a very, very good rate	
Feb 20 2009 	Great location and price for a new hotel	I was looking for a hotel that was fairly inexpensive, in a good location and not shabby. This place was what I was looking for. The subway entrance is at the end of the block (100 feet). Macys is super close. Walked from and to Penn Station to catch the train for the airport. It is about a 10-15 minute walk, but is do-able. There are several food places in the area, including Pinkberry... yum! Breakfast at the hotel wasn't much, but it was enough to hold us over. We were granted a late check out without a problem. Since my flight wasn't for a few hours, we had our luggage stored. The man assisting us remembered us right away and didn't even need to see our tickets. We had a small amount of construction noise when we first got there because they are building a hotel next door. It didn't last long, so it wasn't too bad. There was no sign outside?... our friends walked right past it. They should address that. Business center was nice for airport check-in, but the printer didn't work (?). Overall, if you can get a great deal on the hotel like we did, I would definitely recommend it. It is an average/smallish NYC size room in a brand new hotel with a great location.	
Feb 19 2009 	had a great time	Loved the location (sales at Macy's were incredible). Rooms were clean and the staff could not have been more helpful. We were definitely country bumpkins, and they helped with the subway, with getting taxis, explaining streets and aves, anything we asked they answered fully and politely. Made our trip angst decrease greatly.	
Feb 14 2009	Pretty good	Great. Clean and the staff was super friendly. They were so nice. the business center's printer ran out of toner and the front desk staff actually let me use the front desk printer. they were always smiling, which is important when you are on vacation. they also have an all day all night beverage center on the first floor. You can drink juice and coffee to your hearts content. the bathroom was so clean, my friend and i actually took a bath and not just a shower. the location was good too. Just one block away from the Empire state building. Walkable to time square and shopping on 5th.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great for Shopping and Fun in NYC	Our daughter was turning 13, so we wanted to take her and her friends to a NYC hotel for the weekend where they could be right in the middle of all the action. They had the best time, and so did we! The hotel is brand new, very clean, and nicely decorated.I called ahead to request a high floor with a great view and they said they would try. When we arrived, we had been put on the top floor with a corner view of the Empire State Building, extremely nice of the front desk manager to do. It's important to note that we booked two rooms, one with 2 doubles and one with a king. The rooms were side by side in the corner of the floor, but not adjoining. I really recommend this if you are staying with kids because you will all be on top of each other otherwise. The rooms are decent size, but think NYC...The rooms are perfect for what we wanted, really just a place to lay down our shopping bags and get some sleep. However, teens will love the flat screen tvs with 200 channels and the iPod docks in the room. The beds are amazingly comfortable! I was begging my husband to buy a bed like that one for our home...so many pillows, and the comforter was fantastic.Macy's and all the shopping in Herald Square is right outside the hotel along with the 34th St subway stop, which almost all the lines go to. It was so nice to shop and then just run to the hotel to drop our bags, the hotel has coffee, tea, and hot chocolate available 24 hours, a nice touch for the New York cold. The breakfast is free, from 7 am -10 am...something for everyone. Where can you get all this in NYC?!We paid $100 on Hotwire per room, which is unheard of in NYC, and when you throw the free breakfast on top, its the best deal I've ever gotten! Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Deal But Some Problems	We stayed for a week here and got a great deal on hotwire (65/night). Amazing deal for NYC and I almost feel bad about complaining, but there were some little problems that subtracted from the experience. Pros: -Nice, clean and modern rooms, a little bit on the small side, but this is NYC-Very comfortable king bed, variety of firm and soft pillows.-flat screen tv w/ lots of channels and dvr-breakfast included 6-10am (continental + 1 or 2 hot dishes)-free wifi!-B,D,F,V subway stop right at the corner-centrally located, right near Macy's and tons of shopping, Penn Station-Extremely nice and helpful staff. everyone from the front desk to the maids were very friendly.Cons:-our first room had very low water pressure and the shower water never got above lukewarm. We were moved to another room, and the water was better.-the maids missed our room one day. While we were checking in, I heard the front desk dealing w/ someone else who's room was not cleaned. -towels were frayed and should have been replaced w/ newer ones.Overall though, the hotel comes highly recommended. thank you hotwire!	
Jan 25 2009 	Great staff! Very clean 	Wow, what a suprise! I booked on Hotwire and only paid $77 a night and didn't expect much for that price in NYC. Rooms are very modern and comfortable. They're a bit on the small side but it's NYC so that's expected. We didn't experience the noise issues that the previous reviewer did. The staff was fabulous! Friendly and very accomodating. Chad welcomed us warmly and set all of our bags up in the room while giving us directions to the nearest destinations. Breakfast was ok, could have been warmer but hey, it's free! Eggs, sausage, pastries, bagels, fruit etc. I much prefer staying in this district over Times Square, it's just not quite so crazy and you can get anywhere quickly. There are lots of restaurants that deliver to the room - even sushi - if you choose to stay in and of course many nearby. Macy's is a hop skip and a jump away. Theaters and Times Square are within walking distance. Parking is across the street and very convenient. Make sure your emergency brake works though! The entrance is a very steep ramp!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Place to Experience NYC	This is an excellent hotel in a great location, being only a few blocks from Penn Station or Times Square and we could see the Empire State Building from our window. It is a new hotel being only 4 months old and it shows, since everything is still in great condition. The staff was always courteous and very helpful in accommodating our needs. The 24 hour coffee service was great and so was the complimentary breakfast, which was a nice way to start the day. I am planning on staying here again when I come back to NYC in a few months!	
Jan 10 2009 	Fantastic staff clean rooms lots of noise...	I booked this hotel for a reward stay on New Year's Eve when the Marriott Marquis couldn't guarantee my room for the night. It's a block away from Macy's, two blocks from Penn Station, a block from the Empire State Building, and a short walk from Times Square and the theater district. There isn't much around this hotel in the way of restaurants, but it's fairly centrally located to get elsewhere. The rooms are quite small, especially compared to the Marquis. This is a new hotel though, so the beds are comfortable, the linens are new, and the rooms are clean. However, the walls are paper thin, and you can hear everything going on in the hallway, down the hall, in the room next to you... It was a bit frustrating. There was a family that reserved two rooms, one for the parents, and the other for 4 teenage girls who tried to play music and scream all night. I finally called downstairs, as I had to be up early. The security officer came up and told them to &quot;be cool&quot;. Not really that effective. However, the staff was extremely nice and helpful. They provide a free breakfast from 6-10, which is a nice perk as well. Internet is free, and there is a computer available for guest use. The noise factor is a huge issue for me though -- it's hard to believe they did so little soundproofing in a new hotel.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fine place	This place is like-new, rooms very nice tho some hallway noise intrudes. Bed was great. Thermostats in room distinguish this from many other NYC hotels. Had fine view of Empire State Bldg and Macy's flagship store. Staff very accommodating. Parking across the street for $30/night w/hotel discount, a good deal for NY. Subway entrance (34th/Herald Square) is about 50 feet from front door.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Staff and Location	We stayed 12/19/08-12/22/08 and loved our stay at the new Hampton Inn New York Empire! We checked-in upon arrival and was pleasantly surprised how nice this Hampton Inn was furnished! The staff could not have been more helpful our entire visit. They were very helpful in restaurant suggestions as well as help with subway directions. Great location...just steps away from the subway....one stop from Times Square. We stayed on the fifth floor in room 504, a corner room and we had a great view of Macy's and the beautiful Christmas lights, as well as a great view of the top of the Empire State Building. The room was very clean and comfortable. We had a room with two double beds...and yes they were small rooms as most NYC hotel rooms are, but it was fine for the three of us! We did enjoy the breakfast each morning. We did have to wait a little while each morning for some breakfast foods to be replenished. It was also great to come in from a cold day and have hot coffee or hot chocolate available.We loved being minutes from Macy's, Victoria's Secret, American Eagle, H and M.....needless to say, great shopping close by!! We had flight delays and they were very kind to give us a late check-out as well as store our luggage, so we could shop a little while longer!! The business center was well supplied and it was great to have use of the computers to work out our flight delays and transportation to the airport.I have stayed in three different areas of NYC and I would highly recommend this location.	
Jan 3 2009 	A great bargain but location ??	We just stayed four nights at this hotel. We had a great rate of about $200/night per room (we had 2 rooms 1 with 2 queens and 1 with a king)The rooms are small but adequate. I am sure there are much smaller rooms in NYC&gt; No fridge or microwave unlike most Hampton Inn's. Flat screen tv. Breakfast again not as many choices as other out of the city Hampton Inns. Very very small bathrooms.Staff very helpful and pleasant. Rooms clean although we came back one day around 5pm and room still not cleaned. However it was thendone quickly.Location- great for getting around. Subway mere steps from hotel. Macey's the same. I will say the choice of restaurants was fairly limited within short walking distance.For the price we would stay there again	
Dec 19 2008	Great hotel and staff	My wife, daughter and I have just returned from our first trip to New York and absolutely loved it!The Hampton Inn was perfect. The room was great, location ideal and all the staff helpful and very friendly. A special mention for Carlos who worked so hard but always had time for a friendly chat.This hotel will be our first choice when we return to the city.	
Dec 14 2008 	This Is A Brand New Hotel	Yes, the hotel is brand new! The rooms are small which is to be expected in the city. The beds are wonderful! Especially the goose down pillows!! The location is great! We were there for a week on business but because we were in walking distance of Macy's and other attractions we were able to see some sights as well. The staff was friendly and helpful. Please note: When booking be sure to get a double instead of a single with a King Size bed. The rooms with double beds are larger.	
Dec 14 2008 	Perfect location terrific service but problems with plumbing	Perfectly located for sight seeing and shopping. I go to NYC every December to shop the sample sales in the garment district. I like to go uptown to Rockefeller Center to see the tree and swanky department stores, but I don't want to pay the high prices at the uptown hotels. This hotel is very reasonably priced and perfectly located for my needs. The subway station is immediately outside the front door and adjacent to Herald Square. Macy's is right across the street. Many reasonable priced restaurants are nearby. It is literally around the corner from the Empire State building and just one subway stop away from Times Square! I stay in this area every year and have stayed at other nearby hotels (La Quinta on 32nd and Comfort Inn across the street) and this is the best!Property is brand new - apparently it used to be a parking garage, but now a hotel. Rooms are small, but no smaller than typical midtown hotel rooms. Furniture, bedding, and amenities were all brand new. The staff is courteous and attentive. Very, very friendly and nice. Room rate also includes a hot breakfast every morning. Beverage station is open 24 hours - coffee, tea, and assorted juices. Only problem was the plumbing. Water pressure is very low - hot showers, but very little pressure. Our toilet couldn't flush more than toilet paper. We called every day of our stay to complain. They kept using a plunger, but there was definitely something more seriously wrong. Toilet only worked on our last day there. We complained to manager and they gave us a credit for 3 of our 5 night stay. I thought it was really strange that they didn't move us to another room.If you're on a budget and don't want to spend $500 a night, this is the place to stay - just make sure the plumbing works. I went with my mom and two aunts and we had adjacent rooms. They had no problems with the plumbing at all. We felt safe and comfortable during our entire stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to see the sights in NYC, but doesn't want to spend a lot of money.	
Dec 14 2008 	Nice new hotel with great service!	I stayed at the Hampton Inn from 12/7-12/12, and was promptly checked-in without a wait. Our room was on the sixth floor, and while we faced another building, we couldn't hear any street noise at all. The two double beds were comfortable and we loved the three different pillow choices on each bed. The shower in the bathroom had a Waterpik showerhead, which was a nice amenity. Each morning we were impressed by the numerous items available at the complimentary continental breakfast, and appreciated the 24hr coffee, tea and juice bar. The hotel was less than 150 feet from a subway entrance, and was very close to the Empire State Building and Macy's. We didn't use the fitness room or business center, but both looked very nice. All in all, we were very impressed by the quality of service at this hotel and the convenience to all of the major attractions, at a price of less than $250 per night. One word of advice: keep your hotel key away from other credit cards, Metrocards and your cell phone, as they will demagnetize very easily. (My aunt did not heed this advice, and was visiting the front desk for a new key every single day we were there, even though the desk clerk warned us about this upon check-in.)	
Dec 13 2008 	Great location wonderful staff clean free breakfast great deal	Stayed in room 1401 the night of 12/11/08. Great view of the huge Christmas tree decoration in front of Macy's Herald Square. The room has 2 double beds, flat screen TV, small but adequate bathroom and was clean, clean, clean. The staff was so friendly. Free breakfast, with coffee, tea and hot chocolate available at all times. I was on a business trip, so I was not paying for the room, but $329 a night for midtown at Christmas time was a great deal.	
Dec 5 2008 	Good Value!	Excellent value - Hampton Inn has great weekend rates. The location is half a block from a subway station, one block to Macy's, and three blocks to Madision Square Garden. The room -we had two double beds - is small, as is the bathroom, but perfectly fine for New York city where space is at a premium. The male staff are very friendly. Rooms come with breakfast. There is coffee, tea, hot chocolate available all day. Nice - when coming in from the cold. I love Hampton's white duvet covers and extra pillows.	
Dec 2 2008 	Reasonably priced alternative in Manhattan	Hampton Inns generally provide a good value, wherever they are located, but this Hampton offers a reasonably-priced room, in a very expensive city. Like all Hampton Inns, the services are limited, and the rooms are simple, but the staff are very friendly, and the rooms are clean, as are the common areas of the hotel. The location is also very good, as it is easily walkable to Times Square and Broadway (10 - 15 minutes). All-in-all, if you simply need a place to stay while you explore the city, and you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel (so you don't need all the amenities of a full-service hotel), this may be your best option, and it is priced right.	
Nov 26 2008	'fantastic'	after staying in the quality inn brooklyn this hotel was pure heaven.service and friendliness was spot on. location couldnt have been better.the beds were a dream to sleep in, very clean and comfortable.all the facilities in the room were great and i would stay in this hotel if i was to come back to ny again (which i will!)two brilliant irish bars on the same block.	
Nov 16 2008	Not your typical Hampton Inn!	This sure does not feel like a Hampton Inn! In fact, it feels more like a Hilton Garden Inn – a lot more modern and better furnished than a typical Hampton! A top notch Hampton Inn in the heart of Manhattan’s midtown and the rooms were a lot larger than other Hampton Inns that I’ve stayed at in NYC. Nothing can be faulted at this hotel and I’m pretty sure this was one of the newest Hampton in the city.	
Oct 31 2008 	Best ever Hampton Inn	Just back from the best trip. Hampton Inn fantastic, brand new hotel, situated in the middle of everything, fabulous pubs, restaurants outside the door, Macys and Empire State could be seen from our room window, and only a minute stroll away. Brian gave us a fabulous welcome and all the staff from the breakfast (which was a fabulous and free addition) staff through to the bell hops and concierge couldn't have done enough for us. The beds are so comfy, nice sized room, fabulous shower no shortage of hot water,flat screen t.v. with all channells and free Internet access. Fitness and business centre and local calls free. Who could ask for anything more. Thanks to the Hampton, We'l be back.The Twomey Family, Cork, Ireland.	
Nov 13 2009 	Hôtel super sympa et très pratique!		
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité / prix - situation très pratique		
Sep 25 2009 	Genial		
Jul 26 2009 	Todo genial ubicacion precio  habitaciones...		
May 29 2009 	Tres bon rapport qualité prix ...		
Mar 27 2009 	buen hotel		
Jan 7 2009 	Hôtel confortable et bien placé		
Jan 4 2009 	Top Lage zu vernünftigem Preis		
