	Nice Hotel Great Location	Our room was clean, and nicely appointed. Small, but to be expected given the location. VERY comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and responsive.	
	Great Stay	I went to NYC for the Macy Parade, I arrived on Tuesday Nov. 24. stayed till Nov. 28. I will make this short and sweet. It was a perfect stay, it is clean, comfortable, and wonder ful staff. The room is not big, but I knew this when I was going to NYC. I am not there to stay in my room. I have NO complaints, I will make it a point to stay again. The staff, goes out of its way to help you!! If you want a room that is nice to go to after a long day in NYC this is the place to go. If you want to spend your days in a hotel, then NO this is not the place, It is clean, beds are extremely comfortable, pillows great! I cant say enought kind things about this hotel. You can walk to broadway, and if you ask they will get you a taxi, if you need one. I will stay again.	
	Great	This hotel was perfect! The room was beautiful, clean, and comfortable. The staff was very nice and accomadating. The location is great, a little busy, but that's what you come to New York for.	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice hotel...	this isnt your usual Hampton Inn hotel, its small and next to 2 other hotels an the rooms are clean and nice but small. But who cares!! We arent here to live permenantly in these rooms, its clean, very modern bathroom, no tub and nice view(depends which room you get). I will stay here again!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Very pleasant friendly place	I stayed at this property for a couple of nights last week on a business trip. I liked it a lot. Very clean, efficient, friendly place. The front desk staff was very helpful in various ways, including calling my room five minutes after I checked in just to make sure everything was in order and providing good recommendations for nearby places to eat, including a great neighborhood Italian place just a block away on 38th St. It includes in-room coffee and maker and a basic but certainly adequate buffet breakfast downstairs in a couple of basic but certainly adequate rooms. The business center consists of three computer terminals and printers with good high-speed Internet connections. Also, free internet access in the room, though I didn't use it. If you get a high enough room, you get a bit of a view.Another thing that impressed me is that it's pretty quiet. While passing by in the hallway I could pretty clearly hear a couple and their child through the door in the room next to me. But once I entered my room I could not hear them at all, which would seem to indicate pretty thick and/or well insulated walls. As others have noted, only six rooms to a floor in this fairly tall (30+ stories), thin building.I usually stay at nicer places for work and play, so was prepared to (of course unfairly) be snobby about this one. But taking into account its reasonable price in expensive Manhattan, I highly recommend it..I give it an Excellent rating, but still note a few things visitors should keep in mind. First, the rooms are small, though certainly comfortable. Second, while the overall location a few blocks from Times Square is fine and safe, the block the Hampton is on is not the most attractive street in NYC, what with few nice commercial establishments, trash bags stacked out in the streets (including one evening in front of the hotel), etc. Finally, no safes in the rooms. I understand the lack of them, given this is a budget hotel, but as someone who travels with a laptop this still might make me hesitate before staying there again. Otherwise, it was great. I highly recommend it.	
Nov 15 2009 	convenient quiet and great value	I got an excellent price at this new hotel very near times square. The street is in transition, but completely safe. The hotel is a narrow high rise with just 6 rooms on each floor. While it is a hampton with no in-house restaurant, they have a nice free breakfast and they provided me with several menus of area restaurants that deliver. The woman at the front desk was delightful and I observed much careful cleaning by staff in the lobby. The room was new, well-lit, comfortable, quiet, and had a nice high def LG flatscreen tv. There are a few amenities you do not get at this price point (refrigerator, room service, pay per view movies, etc.), but for my purposes this was a great deal and a comfortable, clean, quiet room in a great convenient times square location.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Location Super Staff	Walking distance to all mid-town attractions (Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Empire State Building, Broadway Theaters and more), and subway entrance one block away.To get to the hotel from JFK we took the AirTrain to Jamaica Station then took LIRR from Jamaica station heading to New York City / Penn Station. (You can take the subway but takes over 30 minutes longer.) From Penn Station exit out the W 34th St toward 8th Ave. and walk up 8th Ave the five blocks to W 39th St. Took us about 10 minutes to walk to the hotel, all in all it was exactly one hour from when we got our bags at baggage claim to arrival at the hotel.The Front Desk staff was excellent at check-in, and later when we asked for recommendations for a restaurant nearby they recommended the Carbone Ristorante just around the block from the hotel. This is a very good, family owned, Italian restaurant, very small, only about six tables and bar but the food was fantastic (highly recommend their pizza’s).Room staff was also great, gave us extra coffee packages when we asked for them, and room was always clean when we got back from sightseeing.The hotel rooms are small but clean and quiet. The Tassimo One Cup Coffee Makers in the rooms make great coffee, our room did not have a bath tub, which we would have liked, but there was nothing wrong with the shower. Our room was on the 11th floor and did not face the street; it was very quiet, with no street noise at all.The breakfast is included in the room rate, buffet style, choice of cold cereal, scrambled eggs, sausage, oatmeal, bagels, toast, coffee, you get the idea, nothing to brag about but nothing wrong with it either.The location and affordable price are two of the best reason to stay at this hotel, it like 6 blocks from everything!	
Oct 16 2009 	great hotel very good service	Stayed here for 3 nights early october, room was small but very clean with every thing we needed (we are not living there). Not the best area but not to bad if you turn left on exiting hotel and go via 8th ave. 9th does seem a bit seedy between 37th and 41st street. We had a great time, breakfast is good and will set you up for the day. Do your homework as price can vary check, all sites pricing seems to be going up the longer its open. Business center was vary useful but does get hot (they turn air-con off stops you staying in there to long ).	
Oct 9 2009 	Disappointing	The Hampton Inn Time Square South is located relatively good and you will find many of the places in a walking distance. We were staying in a double bed room on a high floor (26th) with a great view to a brick wall (i wouldn't imagine they have anything better). The room was very small and it was very hard to handle the stroller for our baby, introducing the crib into the room made moving in the room impossible. The room was clean as expected from hampton network, nothing extra ordinary, the showers were also very small but clean. The service in the hotel is the real disappointment, you couldn't put a smile on the front desk people even if you told them they won the lottery, grim faced and always giving you the feeling that they are doing you a favor for every service they give you.The hotel supposedly has a free wireless connection to all guests but in our room the connectivity was impossible, only when we went out to the elevators it came back. The rooms are also very expensive and i thought i would get better return for the money i spent (354$/night)I would not recommend staying in this hotel unless you get a deal you cannot refuse. There is a hotel boom in NYC for a while now, and you will find a better hotel with little effort.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Find	I stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square South from 10/1/09-10/4/09 and I had a very enjoyable stay. The area is not &quot;bad&quot; as other posters have stated. It's a city street no different than many other city streets. If you've never been on a street in a city such as New York it might seem daunting. But it's as safe as you make it safe. Be aware of your surroundings and know where you're going. People who look clueless or lost are targets. So even if you don't know where you're going - fake it. Attitude is everything. Remember, any place can be &quot;dangerous&quot; from the cleanest suburban neighborhood to the dirtiest city street. The hotel is situated between 8th and 9th Avenues (though is closer to 9th) and both avenues are fairly busy. You're only a few blocks from the theatre district which made the hotel perfect for me. While in town I took in a production of &quot;Bye Bye Birdie&quot; at the Henry Miller Theatre (on 43rd Street between Broadway &amp; 6th Avenue). A very quick walk from my hotel. The staff was helpful and courteous and I have no complaints about them. Whenever I stay in a hotel I put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on my door to keep out the hotel staff. I don't need my bed made every day and don't accumulate much trash during a short stay. While the Hilton Family of hotels is quite reputable I'm not sure the temptation to go through someone's belongings or swipe something would never occur to one of their employees. Temptation is always around. Especially when there's a laptop and an ipod in the room. So, I just have them stay out of my room. They can clean it once I'm gone. I highly recommend this hotel. Only six blocks up from Penn Station and a few blocks down from the theatre district. Not many taxis come down 39th Street but one can be easily hailed at either 8th or 9th Avenues (though if you're going uptown it's better to hail one on 8th). If you're uncomfortable with the thought of hailing a cab just ask the front desk for help. I never had to do this but I don't see why it would be a problem. The only time I used a cab was when I went to the Lincoln Center (in the 60's). I walked everywhere else. Walking can be a real treat because you never know who you'll see. During my stay I saw four Broadway actors just walking down the street - one of whom was Dustin Hoffman.	
Oct 8 2009 	Convenient hotel	The hotel was located just a block away from Times Square. It was also convenient to the subway. Having 2 young children along, it was a great place to stay, because breakfast was included. They could get something they liked and a snack to take along for later in the day. The hotel staff was very accomodating.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Little Hotel	No evidence of the start up problems mentioned by previous reviewers. Good room size by Manhattan standards. Double windows for soundproofing, quiet air conditioning. Friendly staff, good breakfast area, nice fitness facility, fast WiFi in room. The location might be a bit of a concern for families but did not concern me at all. Tall and narrow, only 6 rooms per floor. I'll be back.	
Sep 24 2009 	excellent hotel and friendly staff!	Excellent hotel and polite and friendly staff! stayed in posher, more expensive hotels in n.y and this has to be by far the all over best! staff are very friendly and helpfull, hotel nice and clean and location great too! view wasnt too good as we stayed in a room to rear of the building but we cant ask for everything, still was very tidy, clean and spacious room. would definately stay here again!!	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel	I had a great stay at this hotel. There were a couple minor concerns that I took up with management, but they were great in helping with them. All the staff we encountered was very friendly. The business center came in handy since I did not bring along my laptop. Yes, the rooms are smaller compared to a normal hotel, but for NYC I think they were a suitable size. We walked late at night and never felt unsafe in this location. In fact, we saw NYPD officers posted up on many streets, so safety was not a concern. Overall it was a great stay and I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	10 out of 5!	My family (wife and 2 children of 24 and 27) award the Hampton 10 out of 5!This is a great hotel with very helpful staff and the best breakfast we ever got in any hotel we stayed in the US, Europe, Africa and South East Asia. It can only compete with the Allegria Guest House in Stellenbosch South Africa.We had a bedroom for 4 people and de room was very nice. Large and comfortable beds, a nice flatscreen TV and free internet services. But the location along 8th Avenue and in walking distance of downtown Manhattan was of course the best asset.So, I will stay in this hotel again on my next visit to New York!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Hotel	My girlfriends and I booked this hotel at the last minute and we were pleasantly surpised on how nice it was. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room was very clean and nice. The beds were very comfortable. The continental breakfast was a treat especially when your in a city and all you want is something quick and easy. I would definatley stay at this hotel again!! The price was just right!	
Sep 4 2009 	Great location fab rooms great staff	Lovely little hotel, staff were so helpful and free internet kiosk, cant ask for better. Breakfast was included and was your typical american fare. Would have like to have had soya milk available, but never asked so cant complain. The location is the best!! So close to Times Square and Broadway but still a nice small quiet hotel, with big rooms!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Customer Service still exists!!	This hotel was by far the best hotel that we've stayed at in New York City! We have visited New York City 3 times in the last year and each time we have stayed at different hotels. We will never stay anywhere else again! The customer service was by far the best we have ever experienced! We asked for a refrigerator for our room and very promptly, housekeeping showed up with one. The next day, we asked by chance, would they have a little microwave for our room so we could reheat some food that we had purchased? And after a few minutes, housekeeping showed up with one! It was great! The hot breakfast each morning was fabulous! And during the week, they also set out breakfast to go bags! Be sure to grab those because they are a life saver for when you are out on the streets shopping!	
Aug 25 2009 	Not the best location but nice hotel	I stayed for one night in August '09 and I actually liked it. The only problems I encountered involved the shower. The water was only luke warm and the pressure wasn't that great, but otherwise the hotel was clean and the rooms spacious. It's not in the greatest area of the city, but I would probably stay again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Food Stolen in Room - No Hot Water	I had to change rooms 2 times during my stay. I requested a room on a high floor with a city view and upon arrival on 8/8/2009 I received a room on a high floor with no view. I tried to call downstairs and the phone in the room did not work. I went back downstairs to the lobby and requested a room with a view. I then received the room with a view (room 2706). I checked in and went out for the day. Upon my return at 11:30 PM that night I proceeded to take a shower and discovered that there was no hot water. I called downstairs to report the issue and was told to let the water run for 10 minutes. It ran for over 20 minutes and never got hot. I went downstairs to talk to the front desk and the desk clerk gave me another room (room 2606). I then requested a shower cap from the front desk and it took over 30 minutes for one to be brought to my room. I have always had a shower cap ready and waiting for me at all of my Hampton Inn stays no matter what city I’m in. On 8/9/2009 I bought 3 brownies from Chelsea Market in NY and brought them to my room. Two of them were individually wrapped and the other was not. I left my room at 7:30 AM on 8/10/2009 and did not return until 6:30 PM. Upon returning to my room I found that one of my brownies had been eaten by the cleaning staff. I reported the issue to the front desk and was told to talk to the manager the next day on 8/11/2009. So the next morning I tried to reach the manager and was unsuccessful as I was only able to talk to the front desk. The lady at the front desk offered a full free night which was applied to my bill. Although she offered the free night as a consolation to the incident this does not completely solve the issue. I am appalled and upset that I left something in my room only to return and it was not there when I got back. This is extremely unsettling to me. I know that it is just a brownie and may seem unimportant to the hotel staff but it scares and bothers me to know that I left something in my room and it was taken by the time I got back. Principals, morals and trust are very important to me and if I am staying at one of the Hampton Inn hotels then I don't expect to have anything stolen or taken from me. I also don't expect to have to change rooms two different times and I expect hot water and the room I requested ready for me upon arrival. Apparently the Hampton Inn/Manhattan Times Square South is a new hotel and they have already adapted to having thugs on their staff. The location was convenient and close to Times Square. As for space...well, its New York City so space is limited everywhere so no complaints there. As for the area, there are no safe places in NYC so you just have to be careful and watch your surroundings. The elevators were slow and annoying. Overall, the interior of the hotel is nice and 6 out of the 7 days I stayed there the room was clean. I did have one bad cleaning experience where I came back to my room to find the ice bucket had not been cleaned and the bathroom had not been thoroughly cleaned as well. Overall, I would recommend the hotel for convenience, location and a fun time, just don't expect hot water on the 27th floor and don't leave anything sitting out that you want to keep.	
Aug 12 2009 	I would not stay there again	We stayed three nights at the Hampton Inn and woudl not go back. It is new and are some things to be worked out. I had made reservations for two couples for three nights, somes nights using Hilton Points. This was very confusing for the desk staff and almost missed our prepaid day tour because of this. The elevators were a problem, because there were only two of them and when one of them was broken, is took a long time to get it. We had tickets for a show one night and decided that the only way that we could be sure of making the performance was to walk down fourteen fights of stairs. At least we were not on the 32nd floor. The rooms were so tight that you could not walk to the closet if someone was sitting at the desk. It is not a vacation if you are worried about making your tour or a performance if you cannot get an elevator or resolve a registration problem.	
Aug 10 2009 	A tight squeeze and poor location.	This hotel is not consistent with the same level of quality you would expect from Hampton Inn. The rooms are very small. There are only 2 elevators. One was broken when we were there so there was one elevator for 32 floors.There isn't a service elevator so the cleaning staff gets on the elevator with you with garbage bags. :( We weren't given water bottles so I went to the soda machine to get something to drink, the soda machine was broken. Although the hotel is within walking distance to Times Square, it is in a sketchy section. We did not feel safe walking back at night. The staff at the reception desk was friendly and the breakfast OK. Air condition worked well.	
Aug 10 2009 	New Hotel... Many kinks to work out.	It was your typical Hampton Inn. We did have some problems, though.First, one of the elevators was broken the entire time we were there. The hotel only has two, and in a 30+ story hotel, one elevator is not nearly enough.The shower would completely lose water for about 1-2 seconds every 45 seconds or so.Our room did not have an ice bucket. I called the front desk for one, and after it had not come 45 minutes later, I went to get it myself. They did not give me a plastic liner even after I asked for one. The fellow just said the ice bucket is new and I don't need one.By the way, it is also located in a pretty rough looking neighborhood.	
Aug 9 2009 	Not quite ready for prime time	I'm normally a pretty big fan of Hampton Inn when traveling with my family. Just the breakfast saves us considerable time and money. However, the Times Square South hotel has only been in operation for three weeks and it shows. ie:, there are only two elevators for all 32 floors (six rooms per floor), our shower head had been installed backwards. Further, the location does not lend itself for a family venue. One of our group, a fifteen year old female, was physically accosted by a fellow passer-by just outside the hotel ( and immediately rescued by an equally hostile mother). I'd recommend the Hampton Inn Times Square North location for those with families. We stayed there in April and all went very well.	
Aug 19 2009 	Uma boa escolha.		
