	Clean Convenient BUT SUPER SMALL- Guess That's Normal for NY	Stayed here for our 1yr anniversary. In comparison to other hotels in Manhattan (which are expensive!), it was relatively reasonable, though still expensive YET expected- Hey, its Manhattan! Located a few blocks from the subway, which made it perfect to travel anywhere! We even took the train from the airport, straight to our hotel (via the AirTrain).. A LOT faster and A TON cheaper than taking the cab- so this alone made it worth while! Staff was helpful, but the hotel is TINY! Looks like they carved it out from a side of a building. Their lobby area is small, so it wasn't too much surprise that our queen bed room was equally as small. Literally, once we opened the door, the restroom was half a foot to the right, about 6-8 steps straight was the bed, and probably a foot and a half between the bed and the TV. The place is so small, they didn't even have room for a regular closet, so they had a separate wooden closet unit in the room. We made do, as we weren't there to stay in the room (even if we wanted to, it was way to small to do the &quot;romantic lounging-in-the-room for a day)..but that made us get out. SO, overall, it was good for the location, clean and safe. BUT, if you're looking for an average size room, or a romantic ambience to your room, OR a place to comfortably lounge in during your stay, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. But if you're going to be out and about, and just want a place to crash, or having a big room is not a big deal...then you'll be fine here.	
	Modern  friendly staff; easy walk to Penn Station - but tiny rooms	I stayed at this Doubletree hotel several nights in early November, for a combination business / leisure trip. Overall, it was very modern, clean, comfortable and featured all new amenities &amp; digital TV, etc. Our room was on a higher floor, had 2 (comfortable) double beds, was quiet, and had a gorgeous view of the Empire state building. Really nice! It's an easy walk to Macy's and all the shopping, the subway, and Penn station. (So, if you are attending a concert at MSG, it's a great location!) Breakfast was included with my room, and they have a lovely restaurant. Staff was great - incredibly friendly and helpful. Also, I did not experience a problem with the elevator, and from talking to the staff, I understand the weekends (or very busy days), there can be problems with it.......However, my main issue was the very, very tiny room. I have lived in NYC and often stay in the city, but this room was extremely small - even for one person. The bathroom was very tight. I had to keep my cosmetics in the bathtub because there was absolutely no room to keep anything in the bathroom. Believe it or not, there was barely space to keep a toothbrush on the sink, as the shelf around the sink was almost non-existent. The closet was extremely compact, and since I had a different event to attend each night, I could not keep all of my clothes in it. My recommendation? If you are one (maybe two) persons, and don't have a lot of clothes or bags, then you can deal with it. Otherwise, stay at a hotel with a larger sized rooms, like the doubletree in times square that features suites -- or at least try to get a hotel with slightly bigger rooms. I can only hope this hotel will renovate &amp; merge two of their rooms into one. That might solve the size problem!	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice one night stay at the Doubletree	We stayed at this hotel for one night in early November. The hotel is a very short walk to Penn Station which was very convenient. The hotel is located on a boring sidestreet. It is 5 blocks to Macys and other shops at Herald Square. I enjoyed the fact that it is a newer hotel, clean and was in good repair. Our room was one of the smallest that I have stayed in while in New York City. For a short stay it was fine. We never had to wait very long to use the elevators. Service was friendly. My Mom commented that the bed was one of the most comfortable that she had slept in. We had a room on a higher floor with a decent view. I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Deal and Good Location	This hotel is great deal for the price and location. The rooms are clean, the staff is helpful and Chelsea is a fun area to stay in. The rooms weren't huge but that's a given in NYC. My only complaint were the elevators. They take FOREVER. We were on the 20 something floor and took the stairs a couple times because of the wait. Request a room on a lower floor to avoid that issue. Also, it's a newer hotel and if you take a taxi make sure your driver knows you're going to Chelsea and not Times Square.	
Nov 17 2009	nice hotel. friendly staff	Stayed here for 4 nights in November. Was a bit wary after reading some negative reviews but was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. 29th st is not much to look at but once inside the hotel you forget about that. The staff were really helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. We had a room on the 21st floor with 2 double beds which were extremely comfortable with 4 pillows each, lovely. Bathroom small but spotless with nice fresh towels daily. Hotel is only a short walk to Macys and Times Square, so quite central really. We took a yellow cab to Ground Zero (about 8 dollars) then went shopping in Syms where my son bought a lovely leather coat for $149 which was a great bargain as they had the same one in Century 21. which is also nearby. for $390. Would return to this hotel again !	
Nov 9 2009 	good find	not the biggest or most luxurious but room was good sized, very clean and very comfortable brand new beds. staff was very pleasant and helpful. could use another elevator as there are only two that serve quite a number of floors. good location - close to macy's, empire state building, madison sq garden, city hall and 15 minute walk to times square. close to lots of good asian restaurants. really good value for money.	
Nov 1 2009 	Please add another elevator	We got a (reasonably) good rate at $240 per night. The hotel is in kind of an odd area, not a ton around there except places selling hats and purses in bulk and some import/export places. The staff was helpful and professional. Every time we bumped into someone they asked how are stay was, etc. After our first night we returned to the room and the keys no longer worked. During the 3 night stay I heard 2 other people complaining about the same thing so its obviously an issue. The room (1006) was spotless and decently sized for a new york hotel room.The real issue is the lack of elevators. There are 2 for the entire hotel as well as the staff. The wait for the elevator was always a minute or 2, sometimes up to 5. If that doesn't sound long to you, you've never waited for an elevator that long. When it arrived it was inevitably packed and sometimes also had a maid or room service cart in there taking up 1/2 the space. I can't imagine what it would be like on an upper floor, probably a 15 minute commute from your front door to the entrance of the hotel including elevator wait and stopping at every floor. I know the hotel was almost full (2 rooms open) but this is obviously a major problem. I wouldn't stay here again for that reason	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the hotel on a Friday and Saturday night. It's new, modern and clean. We took Amtrak to New York. The hotel was a short 3 block walk down 7th avenue and a left on 29th. When I turned down 29th I got a little concerned. It's one of those area's of the city that is slowly being gentrified. It's full of old trading companies and hold overs from years past. When I got half way down 29th street I saw the hotel and felt better. Check in was quick and we were in our room in about 5 minutes with warm chocolate chip cookies (a treat they give you at check-in). We were on the 22nd floor with a king size bed. The rooms are small, but for NY standards I would say they are about average. The room felt new and modern with beech furniture, a good size flat screen tv and crisp sheets. Our room faced 29th street and we could see int he Empire State building. The bathroom was small but clean and featured Neutrogena products. I found the hotel to be quiet and comfortable. The location was good, we could get everywhere in about 10 minutes by taxi. Most of our cab fares were $10 or less. The hotel does have a business center and gym. I didn't use either but I did see them.. They were nothing out of the ordinary. The staff was very nice and helpful. I would recommend this hotel especially if your catching a show or a game at the garden.	
Oct 21 2009 	Very mod clean convenient and near to Times Square.	We were supposed to be staying at the Affinia Manhattan and between the hotel and our travel agent, they mucked up!! Anyway, we were offered this hotel and I must say it was nice. As a girl, I would not walk 29th street on my own in the dark however, once you have someone with you it is fine. Great location. Room was lovely. We were in 1103 and it was spacious as New York hotels go and the ensuite was really nice - no bath though but then didnt spend much time in the hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very pleased	We stayed for one night, after booking the room that morning. The room was small but extremely clean and adequate for the two of us and looked as if it had been recently been refurbished. We paid under $200. for the night which was a real bargain. I would definitely stay there again, especially for the same rate. The only things that were somewhat of a problem was the inadequate elevators during the morning rush. My husband said that he had to wait for at least 15 minutes, and was not pleased since it delayed his arrival to work. I left later, but was annoyed at the racket the maids seemed to be making in the hallways. If I had planned on sleeping late, I would have definitely been annoyed!	
Oct 10 2009 	Good launching point for NYC adventures	Two blocks away from Madison Square Garden and about 3-4 blocks from Empire State Building. The actual street location could be better but no real complaints. Rooms are small (2 people max) but new. No real closets in our unit. Comfy beds. Elevators can get busy during the morning checkout. Staff is hospitable and accommodating.	
Sep 27 2009 	Small rooms. Ridiculously small.	Yes it is NY, and yes rooms can be somewhat small. But this is place was ridiculous. The room was big enough for a bed and a desk and that's about it. I'd expect this from a no-name local hotel, not from a DoubleTree. Also, the hotel is 23 stories. There are only 2 small elevators which hold maybe 6 people at a time. Which means during peak times, like at 8:30am, you wait forever. One day I waited for over 5 minutes for the elevator. When one finally showed up...too full for me to get into. It was ridiculous. Room Service: I ordered a burger and fries. When it arrived, the fries were cold and no ketchup/mustard was provided. Not the end of the world, but still when you're paying $25 for a burger, the least they could do is warm it up before bringing to your room and throw in a bottle of ketchup.The hotel is very new so everything looked good, it was clean, etc. And it is pretty good location if you want to see the sights, with several subway stations within a 5 minute walk. Still I would not stay there again given the room size.	
Sep 26 2009 	Horrendous Service - Not in Chelsea	The hotel is much more in the sketchy shopping/flower district than it is in Chelsea. I paid over $800 for a room and had worse service than $80 hotels. First, it is not in the best neighborhood. Second, the Bells just sat there while I unloaded luggage followed by simply pointing to where I can check in... I was in Business Casual attire, so it is not as if there was any reason to be snubbed. They do give you a nice cookie at check in. And lastly, after literally paying a total one night bill of something right near $870, they have the audacity to then charge you almost $10 for wireless service. Are you kidding me??? I have stayed at the Belnord Hotel on the upper west side for a couple hundred dollars and had better service. I highly recommend staying somewhere else....	
Sep 26 2009 	Really nice. Really.	Front Desk Staff? Friendly and efficient (and they give you those warm cookies). Room? Spotless. Bed? Very comfy, loads of pillows - the good kind. Bathroom? Nice tub you can actually take a bath in, plenty of hot water and great water pressure, full toiletries, and a nice, strong blowdryer that's not screwed to the wall. TV? Great reception AND plenty of channels. Parking? Alas, no, but the garage is just down the street @ $22 per night. Check out was a breeze.	
Sep 26 2009 	Not enough room to swing a cat	Turned away at 12 noon and again at 5 pm as my room wasn't ready. Offered a soda as compensation. I know that the property is expensive in New York, but the room and the corridor was so small that you couldn't swing a cat in either place. Walls must be thin too 'cos I could hear the family talking in the adjacent room. The lobby, bar and restaurant were also small and congested. The building is tall and narrow, with only 2 lifts... which used by everyone, meaning a long wait. Is the hotel really in Chelsea...? Maybe just. Not far to the subway though.	
Sep 22 2009 	Super Friendly Staff	I was there with my wife and my brother and his wife for two days. We mentioned when we checked in it was my brothers 50th Birthday when asked if we were celebrating any special occasions. The staff for the next two days was calling us by name and wished my brother a happy b-day everytime they saw him. The chef sent up cake for 4 when we asked him to chill the bottle of champagne we brought with us. The location is centrally located so you're close to everything. We love going to the Village so it was pretty close as was Times Square. But it's not too close to Times Square which is what we preferred. I would stay here again in a New York Minute. Our room even had a view of the Empire State Building.	
Sep 20 2009 	Slow elevator and slow receptionist. But they allowed my dog!	Spent one night in this hotel with my husband and 5month old bulldog. (They allow dogs less than 30lbs)Parking is validated at Edison Garage, about 1.5 blocks down from the hotel. My advise is to bring rolling luggage. Attendants were accommodating when we asked to have our car accessible for items we might need later. Check in was at 3pm and we arrived at 245pm. Room was not ready until 3pm on the dot. Lobby was crowded with people who also had to wait for their rooms to be ready. Check out was similar, slow and inefficient.In room- I liked the variety of complimentary toiletries by Neutrogena which included a face cleanser and face moisturizer. Room also included a blowdryer. Pillows were plentiful, big and fluffy.I had to take my dog outside to urinate; couldn't wait any longer so decided to walk down 16 floors from my room. On our way up, the lobby was full and I was in line for the elevator. When the elevator came, some ignorant tourist cut in front of us with her big luggage. So, I had to walk up 16 flights back to my room. On my way, I saw the elevator dropping people off at the 3rd floor. I think I was going as fast as the elevator because it kept stopping at each floor. At least my dog got exercise. Bottom line, we stayed here because they let dogs (under 30lbs) stay. We will not return because my dog will be more than 30lbs soon.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Value -- Very Comfortable	We stayed at Doubletree Hotel Chelsea from 9/13 - 915, 2009. This is a small, new hotel that is within an easy walk to Times Square and and even shorter walk to Madison Square Garden, The Empire State Building and Macy's. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the room, although small, very comfortable with a king-size bed desk and wardrobe. The bathroom was very small but adaquite and everything was spotlessly clean and fresh. We paid $132 for the Sunday night and $188 for the Monday night stay. A great vaule for NYC! We would gladly stay again and recommend this hotel to others.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Doubletree Hotel in Chelsea over the weekend of Sept. 12. It was about a 10 minute walk at most from Penn Station. Check in was fairly quick and then we were off to our room. The room is small compared to other hotels in other cities but for NY - it's normal and actually quite good. We got nervous about noise when we were about to enter our room. We were directly across from the elevator and then there was a lot of noise coming from one of the rooms down the hall. But when we entered the room and closed the door - the combination of the air conditioner and the walls made the hall barely audible!The reviews on here are true - the elevators are slow. But it's completely manageable and we just took the stairs from the 14th floor when we needed to get out (and didn't have baggage). Squeeze in when you get the chance!The location was great. Chelsea is such a fun area and we were able to walk to a lot of different places. Try Elmo for brunch which is a few blocks away!The fitness center had updated equipment which is a definite plus and hard to find in hotels! I believe it was all Precor.I love Doubletree cookies :)	
Sep 8 2009	Good Value Good Location Nice Staff	We encountered a few hiccups at check-in but they were handled properly by Helen (Front Desk Supervisor). Location, not the best street but a few blocks down you are right on Madison Square Garden. Hotel is a typical New York Building, corridors are narrow and rooms are under 300 sq.ft.. Restaurant staff was superb! Overall nice hotel, they are still trying to get everything up and running as they just open.	
Sep 5 2009 	New hotel with a great price	This hotel had recently opened (Summer 2009) so everything is new and clean as expected. It is a short walk to Penn Station or the Empire State Building and within walking distance of Times Square. The room was an average size for the location and certainly worth the $159 rate. I would recommend this hotel over The New Yorker any day.The negatives would be the fact that internet access (wired or wireless) is not free and is over $10/day, but the low room rate made up for this negative. There are only two elevators in the building so expect to wait five minutes during normal hours and possibly more during busy days. The walls and floors are thin so expect to hear your neighbors in the rooms next to you and even the flushing of toilets on floors above you.The positives would certainly be the price and location. The HDTV with Time Warner HD cable was also nice, but the free On Demand features seemed to be disabled and would alway return errors.Overall, it's a great place for the rate (I paid $159/night) . I have been staying at many hotels in the area and my order of recommendation (assuming equal rates) would be:1) Hilton Garden Inn (121 W 28th St)2) Hampton Inn (337 W 39th Street)3) Doubletree Chelea (128 W 29th St)4) Wyndham Garden (341 W 36th)5) Hilton Garden Inn (63 W 35th St)6) Hampton Inn (116 W 31st St)7) New Yorker (481 8th Ave)	
Aug 29 2009 	Clean comfortable and affordable Manhattan hotel	If you're looking for an affordable, clean, and comfortable room in Manhattan, this Doubletree--along with it's sister Hilton-brand properties in the neighborhood--can't be beat. Service is top notch...I stayed for one night, and then returned for two a couple of days later. The front-desk clerk greeted me by name when I arrived for my second stay...very impressive. Otherwise, my favorite thing about this hotel is that it offers 150-channel cable tv, complete with an interactive programming guide...that may be the last thing on the mind of most people visiting NYC, but I spend 100+ nights a year in hotels. It was a pleasant change from the 20-30 channels that you find at most properties.On the downside, the lifts are terribly slow...it wasn't so bad during my first stay, but when I returned it seemed like only one of the two would move at any given time. At one point spent over five minutes waiting, while the one lift stayed on floor 12 the entire time! And I agree w/ previous reviews, it does seem quite ridiculous to charge $10 for internet access, especially when the nearby Hampton and Hilton Garden Inn are essentially identical hotels, but offer it for free. Finally, the surrounding neighborhood isn't all that appealing, but at the same time I never felt unsafe...besides, it's a short walk to more traveler-friendly areas. Penn Station is only about a 5-minute walk away, so if you're arriving at either Newark or JFK airport, you can save your money on the cab fare and just take the train.	
Aug 29 2009 	Not Enough Elevators Fire Code Violations	Clearly the NYC Building Dept. should have never approved plans for this hotel. What were they thinking??? At 27 floors there are only TWO, small-cab, not-so-fast elevators, and no service elevator which means long waits in the morning and afternoon/evening, and sharing elevators with bins of dirty linens, garbage bags and luggage. Worse, the lack of hallway space on the guest floors means the housekeeping staff have to pile bags and bags of linens in the fire escape stairwells overnight, often blocking passage between floors. I used to live in NYC and have lived in high rises my entire adult life and can assure you this is a fire code violation. I showed pictures to the assistant manager who was very nice and apologetic and promised to bring it up at the next staff meeting. Still, it makes you wonder what else is going wrong.Other issues: no minibar, nor mini-refrigerator; no liquor license; ice machines on only every third or fourth floor (if you can get to them through the bags of linens). Now, the good part. The staff are friendly and realize the problems the architects and whoever runs real estate at Hilton left them and their guests. I feel sorry for them that they have to work at such a badly designed facility. I'd say OK for tourists with time on their hands; would be a disaster for a business trip where you have to be downstairs in 5 or 10 minutes.Another plus: great location, at least for me. Convenient to Chelsea where I have many friends, mid-town, Penn Station, whatever. Yes, the block is a little &quot;industrial&quot; -- lots of low-end wholesale fabric and fashion accessory showrooms -- but Fashion Institute of Technology is down the street and there is some sort of FIT student dorm nearby so energy on the street even late at night.OK for tourists; would be a disaster for time-sensitive business travelers.	
Aug 28 2009 	Fairly priced in quiet neighborhood yet walkable	Fully renovated older Hilton and typically small rooms for Manhattan yet nicely situated for quiet nights. There was an interesting view of the top floors of the Empire State building from the window. Staff at front desk were accomodating. My only complaint: I still don't understand why these major brands still charge for internet - it is almost like charging for a shower in the morning. Perhaps it is about losing revenues by not using the telephones in the room.	
Aug 21 2009 	a diamond in the city	After much searching I found the doubletree. It has only been open for a couple of months. It has a nice walk or short cab drive fron Penn Station. The staff is limited but very nice and they offer you cookies all day every day. We first had a King room because they were soldout of doubles. The room was a very nice size with a nice bathroom. Not at all the broom closet you usually think of in NY. The room looked new and the bed was very comfortable. the only downer was that the wireless was not free and the business center stayed full with only 2 computers and during peak hours the elevators were slow. I would stay here agine in a heart beat. one of the best deals in town	
Aug 21 2009 	This place has a great staff great location and even great food.	This is a pretty new hotel so it's extremely clean and modern. I've now stayed here twice and was impressed both times. I found some great rates on it too so that made it an easy decision. The staff are very friendly and accommodating which is always a plus.Rooms aren't huge but a bit bigger than average for New York. The corridors are a bit tight but it's to be expected when crammed in between so many existing buildings. One thing I do find difficult is the bathrooms have no real counter space so you're hard pressed to leave anything in there. On my last stay, I got in late from work each night and ordered room service. The service was great and the food was both reasonable and very good. The hotel is a quick few blocks from Penn Station and right around the corner from the 28th St stop of the 1 train so it's pretty easy to get anywhere in the city from here. It's also a quick walk to Herald Square/Macy's, Empire State Building and most mid-town attractions. I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone looking to be close to everything and stay in a clean and modern hotel with very reasonable rates.	
Aug 14 2009 	Brand New DoubleTree in Midtown - Perfect	A brand new DoubleTree right in the heart of midtown - what more can I ask for! I booked this room for a leisure trip at a fantastic rate and was happy with everything. Rooms were all brand new with major new amenities. The only downside were that the rooms were small, but that is to be expected in NY and I didn't really mind the size of the room.	
Aug 13 2009 	Good new hotel	I stayed here with three girlfriends in one of the 2-double rooms, on which we got a great deal. The room was small, pretty cramped with our bags, but we made it work - we were there only one night. And it's NYC people, the rooms are small! I agree that the elevators take a long time. Everything was new and beautiful in the room and bathroom. Very comfortable beds. Front desk was very nice and tried hard when we were looking for pizza delivery at 2am. Our extra towel request took about 20 minutes. They stored our bags after we checked out - very hassle free. The major con is that the neighborhood is a little run down- the garment district was seedier than I thought it would be, but a quick walk to Flatiron and Madison Square Park all the major stores around there. All in all, I might stay here again with another great deal, but might think twice because of the location.	
Aug 13 2009 	washcloth was only towel in room for 2 days!	checked into the hotel on sunday. could see immediately the hotel was understaffed, the entire lobby was filled with luggage waiting to be checked &amp;there was only 1 poor, sweating bellhop trying to take care of everything. one the second day, my room was not cleaned &amp; after numerous calls to the front desk &amp; promises that it would be taken care of immediately, it never happened. This was day 1 of drying myself with a washcloth since it was the only clean towel in the room. Day 2, my room was cleaned but no towels in the bathroom. again calls to the front desk &amp; to housekeeping. needless to say, by the time they were finally delivered it was day 2 of drying myself with a washcloth. My newspaper was not delivered on the second day &amp; when i told the front desk i was told to walk down the street so i could buy one. i actually asked the front desk if i was registered as a guest in the hotel, since i wasn't getting any service, and i was informed i was.	
Aug 13 2009 	Overall an average NYC hotel	Rooms are small (~220 sq.ft.) but well appointed. Comfortable bed Still 'buggy&quot; from beig new. Lots of carts, garbage bags, and confused staff.Elevators are too small, too slow, and too few for a 26 floor hotelFull service restaurant is a nice amenity for this type of hotel in this areaNo open space or common area anywhereLocation seems safe but many seedy characters roam the streets in the eveningA 5 minute walk to Penn Station, Madison Sq. GardenOverall, decent for a solo traveler for a couple days that has business in the area, once the service matures.	
Aug 7 2009 	Small rooms long elevator waits not enough staff	We stayed here last week and I booked it because I trusted the DoubleTree name and the fact that it appeared to be close to Penn Station (Subway should I choose to go around New York with my kids).Quick Facts: 1. The rooms are extremely small and so is the bathroom. However, since this Hotel is very new, everything looks clean and sparkling.2. It took forever and multiple reminders to get anything from the Service staff - and I am talking about simple things such as refills for the coffeemaker after 2 days of stay (and no refills in between). They appear to be extremely understaffed.3. The neighborhood is not great to walk around after dark - it is dark and smelly and there is construction on the same street....4. Unless you get a great deal on the stay - I woudl not recommend this place.	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I came to this hotel after I checked into my room at the Hotel Penn right down the street on 7th ave. I was desperate for another room at another hotel. The two ladies at the front desk were so nice and gave us a very fair rate. The rooms are small, but hello - this is New York! And, I've stayed in smaller...Our room was spotless and I don't know why other reviewers had a problem with service - we got amazing service. Every time we saw an employee in the hallway or elevator, they said hello and asked us how our stay was going. With a small child, we had some extra requests from housekeeping and we always got everything right away.The neighborhood is great. An easy walk to Penn Station and the Chelsea galleries (I even passed where the film the Martha Stewart Show on my walks). I've walked to Times Square twice and it too is an easy walk from this hotel. Also, lots of fashion/wholesale stuff around.Free internet in the lobby.	
Aug 3 2009 	Tiny dark rooms long wait for lifts tatty area	This new hotel may be convenient for those looking to have a rowdy time in Times Square, and admittedly can have a view of the Empire State building, but for more than one night's stay its is far too cramped with too few facilities on hand for a a family. The rooms were tiny and with very little light, breakfast was only ok and not cheap enough for what it was, and it took ages to come if you did not have the buffet. Two lifts took ages to come. Its location in the garment district reminded me of the Mile End Road in London, with that certain edginess, and it smelled - badly - and is not a place I would chose to stay - we were disappointed that Virgin put us here for one of their coach tours, so we had to suffer it for three nights at first, then another night at the end of the tour. I noticed a couple of school parties were staying there at the same time. I could not wait to leave and did not like walking back to this area after dark! When we arrived to check in they had not even got our details - I wish they had been lost for ever so we could have stayed somewhere else. The place also seemed badly short staffed.	
Aug 3 2009 	Clean new and centrally located but understaffed and under-equipped	The rooms are clean and very comfortable, althought small and tight as is common in big cities like New York. The midtown location on the near-west side isn't exciting in itself but is centrally located near several subway lines and is easily walkable to Chelsea, the fasion district, the Brodway theater district, Madison Square and more.Here's the big problem: the hotel lacks the infrastructure capacity to accommodate its size. The two elevators in a hotel of nearly 30 stories are woefully insufficient. I was on the 22nd floor and nearly every time I went down to the lobby I not only had to wait way too long for an elevator, but it was nearly packed when it arrived. Guests on lower floors often couldn't fit in -- either they took the stairs or they waited a very long time. This was particularly gruesome in the morning when people were checking out and carrying baggage on the elevator with them.The limited floor space in the small lobby means the front desk and the bell stand cannot accommodate the demand. The hotel doesn't have enough space for all inbound, outbound and checked baggage, and so the lobby looked like a luggage warehouse with bags strewn all over. Too few bellmen on duty meant long waits either to check or pick up a bag, or to be received on the way in or helped into a cab on the way out (although the bellmen were friendly and tried their best). Front desk service was friendly and efficient, but again the small desk doesn't allow as many desk clerks as the hotel needs during peak times.What's interesting is how this hotel compares with the two other Hilton-family hotels on the same block, a Hampton and a Hilton Garden immediately behind this Doubletree on W. 28th Street. I've stayed in all three. They're all built roughly on the same footprint, and seem to have been put up at roughly the same time. Perhaps they're all the same ownership. But the other two don't have the Doubletree's problems with insufficient infrasructure. I never had problems with long elevator waits or poor service in the lobby of the other places. I noticed that both those hotels have fewer floors than the Doubletree, so they presumably have fewer rooms and fewer guests, with infrastructure more appropriate to their capacity.If you're looking for a Hilton-family hotel in this neighborhood, I'd recommend the Hampton or the Hilton Garden over the Doubletree in this cluster of three hotels on the block: comparable value but a more pleasant experience -- with more time to enjoy New York and less waiting for elevators or bell staff.	
Aug 2 2009 	What a Great Place to Stay in Midtown	I was fortunate enough to have found this hotel on a whim. What a treat. The rooms are execellent with flat screen TVs adnd essential amenities. I've stayed in many hotels in Midtown, but for the value and location (just off 7th Avenue within walking distance of Times Square), this was a great choice. The stay was great. We even received warm cookies at check in. The only problem is the slow elevators. But, the place was great.	
Jul 29 2009 	New hotel. Small rooms. Slow elevator. No free internet. Good attitude from bell service staff.	New hotel on 29th street. We spent 2 nights here as we could not extend our stay at Blakely Hotel. Doubletree Chelsea was recommended to us by Hilton. When I checked, there was no review yet of the hotel. My brother in law who lives in NYC said it's not a very good neighborhood but the hotel itself looked nice.Check in was a bit chaotic as the hotel seem full when we were checking in July 21. The men at the bell service were so friendly &amp; helpful. The ones in the reception were not as accommodating. Maybe teething problems for a newly opened hotel. the hotel just opened for a week when we checked inRooms: We tried to book for one of their 5 suites but it was sold out. The regular room we got was nice. My complaint is the small size of the room and there was no refrigerator. The other thing is there is no free internet. I had to pay $10+ for 24 hours' use of internet.My other complaint is the elevator. This is New York. Only 2 elevators and there is no service elevator so the housekeeping staff takes the main elevators as well.The guys from bell service go out of their way to accommodate guests. I forgot to take down the name of the afro american guy who even gave us bottles of water while waiting in the lobby. Dean, the guy who helped us with our bags when we were leaving refused my tip saying my brother in law gave him already. Such an honest person.The location is accessible to Macy's area where you can find Zara, Gap, H&amp;M, nail salons and of course Macy's. Eats like Horton's, KFC, Mrs.Fields etc and convenience stores are nearby.Turning left from the hotel, you'll find Reade and some diner. We tried chinese takeout at Ginger House and it was so good. Times Square is a couple of blocks away. 28th street is very interesting in early morning as florists from NY get their flower requirement from there. I even found a fresh bunch of lilies of the valley for my sister's wedding bouquet.Taxi can be had not in front of the hotel but on the street corner. We easily got a taxi on our way to watch Jersey Boys in Arthur Theater.If I go back, maybe I would try one of their 5 suites or one of the 2 penthouse suites on 27th floor.	
Jul 29 2009 	A good find	I was tempted to stay at this property for two reasons: 1) it was brand new; and 2) it was very close to Penn station (a few minutes walk) as I was planning on taking the LIRR from JFK.I was on the 24th floor and even had a view of the Empire State Building! The room was small but being a new property was spotlessly clean and very nicely furnished. The bed was comfortable and the towels fluffy. A couple of negative points but these would not put me off staying again:- The sound insulation is not great from the corridor;- The building is tall and thin with only a few rooms per floor. As the hotel only has two lifts/elevators, a busy times, I suspect you could be waiting a long time for a lift.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Food Superior attitude	I found myself re-located to the newly opened Doubletree On 29 th street as the result of an inaccurate booking elsewhere. I was delighted to have been &quot;walked over&quot; to this warm and cheery spot. I was starving and was directed to their restaurant &quot;Cheltons&quot; where I met the executive chef who greeted me at the door. At Chef Michaels suggestion I had the rack of lamb with sweet potato puree. It was astounding and done to a turn medium rare. The whole staff really made me feel at home and the food was delightful. My only dissapointment was in the fact that they do not as yet have their liquor permit .	
Jul 27 2009 	Housekeeping broke into our room and stole our stuff!!!	Do not stay at this hotel!!!! Housekeeping broke into our room and stole our money as soon as we left the hotel!!!!! and the staff did nothing to help us out and instead the manager told us it was not their problem!!! We had to stay up all night and report it to the police..who told us the hotel needs to help us with the problem but the hotel did not care!!!! BE VERY CAREFUL IF YOU CHOOSE TO STAY HERE!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Cookies 	This hotel is a brand new hotel opened up sometime early July. It's centrally located in Chelsea which includes Fashion, Fur, and Flower districts. With 27 stories, the hotel offers great views of NYC. We were on the 25th floor and had a nice view of the Empire State Building.From arrival to departure date, all of the staff was friendly and very helpful. At check-in we were given THE BEST CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE we've ever eaten. Our room had 1 king size bed which was so comfortable. Also the room featured flat screen tv, coffee maker, iron/iron board, wired/wireless internet, and mp3-radio. The housekeeping staff was friendly every time we saw them and the rooms was very clean. We'd definitely stay again when we're back in NYC.	
Jul 23 2009 	Amazing	Was a bit skeptical at first since i could not find any reviews about this hotel. Well let me be the first to help others make their decisions. This hotel was 1.5 weeks old when we book, so that explains no reviews. The building i find was well situated from all side of attractions. Parking is not in the building but 1-2 block down the street. Well secured and 24hrs. We do get a discount from the hotel. For a SUV it was, with discount $32.00 USD for 24hrs. Our Dodge ram 4x4 Larime 2009' was still there after 2 nights. The attendant spoke well English and french. The main lobby was very clean and modern. One of the door man, Micheal, greeted us very well with professionalism. At the registration desk, Julio, was very courteous and helpful and kind. And don't forget to ask for the warm cookies they offer at check-in, amazingly good. Couldn't help myself for a second bite that i took from my daughter's cookie. The building has 2 elevators, we stayed on the 22Th floor and i just loved the view. Its not ocean view but being above the buildings was good for me. Our room had 2 double beds, flat screen TV and a bathroom. The room and everything inside was new and clean. (we were the first to stay in) One comment i would like to make if some one is ''listening'' which would help lots more guest. The flat screen TV should be hung on the wall, same location, but 16'' above the cabinet, so it can free up counter space for the coffee machine, which was there but was not able to use because had no space. The bathroom can have extra (3 glass shelves) over the toilette for shaving creme, soap or tooth paste. Apart from that, everything else was perfect. The beds were comfortable and the pillows were nice and soft. To bad my own pillows at home are not like that.Every room has Internet access, if needed, but we used the computer room in the basement which came in pretty handy. The fitness room also is in the basement and has a treadmill, step master, free weights, balls and etc...The house cleaning did a good job. Also Yanick and Joe were great in assisting us and giving us advice.Over all, i would certainly recommend this Hotel to family and friends.I will try to upload photos later if i can.Thanks again to Julio, Micheal, Joe and Yanick for a pleasant stay. Keep up the good work guys!Luigi Albanese, Montreal Canada.	
Nov 12 2009 	l'equilibrio giusto		
