Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel! Nice Room!	I love everything about AKA United Nations. The hotel is kept well and in modern deco. Room is very comfy, clean and well equipped. This was definitely a five star experience! The room is huge!The staff is friendly and the location is great!Very highly recommended!!!	
Sep 11 2009 	Great and friendly staff!! Very helpful!!	Had a great time in NYC! The staff at A.K.A made it even more enjoyable. Very friendly and knew a lot about the area. Suggested great restaurants and places to go!! At the end of the night always staff always asked where we went and how we liked it. The rooms are nice. Fairly clean, but not like home. I consider myself a hotel snob and can be very critical, however I would absolutely stay again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Noisy Construction Work Service Okay	We stayed at the AKA United Nations while visting New York. The location was convenient and the facilities clean and adequate. However, the place was next to a construction site and we were woken up at 7AM every morning (including weekends) to the noise of heavy drilling and other construction work. Traffic noise (honks from taxis and garbage trucks) was bad every night (even till 2AM in the morning!). Our friends stayed at one of the rooms facing away from the main road and said that noise was slightly better. However, her room was right next to an old office building with workers looking in to her room all day and did not get enough light. Service was so-so. The in-room internet service was slow and had been inaccessible on few occassions (during the evenings).	
Jul 22 2008 	Lovely	We stayed in NY over the Christmas / New Year holiday and I have to say we were delighted with the property.The complex is new, modern and spotless throughout. As for the apartment, it was exactly like the photos on the website we had used.There is a selection of tea and coffee and snacks (mini muffin or scones) available each day in the loby.The staff were very friendly and hepful.It's in a great central location and I would definately consider staying here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Better known as AKA United Nations	A fantastic find...Booked AKA UN for 5 nights for a Spring trip - we were going to stay at the Marriott Residences to get the advantage of a kitchen - but for the same price as a studio there we booked a one bedroom apartment here - and appeared to be a much better buy.Position not immediately central - but only 5 min walk from Grand Central Terminus, or UN the other way. You could hear the traffic on 3rd ave - but only if you left the windows open. AKA is in a residential side street.Reception and doorman always friendly. The apartment was spotless with everything you wanted - well equipped kitchen, comfortable bedroom and lounge. Bathroom a little small - but good shower. Services every day - only minor criticism was that dishwasher powder not replaced daily.Light breakfast served in morning by reception and coffee available all day. There was a 24/7 corner shop - but a better bet was the supermarket just up 2nd avenue a few mins walk - this was also near the Manchester pub (a good English style pub - good beer and food ok), and next door to that a great Chinese restaurant and take away.Overall - a great visit to NYC and I'll certainly return - also have AKA at the right place to stay.	
Nov 11 2007 	Needs attention soon	I bought a package at the United Nations property on LuxuryLink.com and was disappointed after having stayed at seven other LuxuryLink hotels. This extended stay facility isn't a true hotel and doesn't have the level of maintenance that a hotel would have. The floors are peeling, the drapes dirty, the linen rough and scratchy. It does have much more space and a kitchen that a hotel room wouldn't have. The decor is serviceable although getting a bit worn. For what I paid, I felt it was OK but if I'd paid their standard rates, I would have been quite upset.And the drunk guy singing in the halls one night didn't help! Security isn't sufficient to handle a situation like that.Staff is friendly and tries but quite young and inexperienced. Housekeeping wasn't quick to clean when we requested it, the phone and the air conditioning weren't working properly in our unit.All in all, I won't be back and others should be aware that this isn't up to a hotel standard.	
May 23 2006	Luxurious apartments very handy to UN	OVERALL:Spacious, modern and very luxurious apartmentsPOSITIVES•Semi-furnished apartment (full kitchen, fridge/ freezer, coffee machine, separate lounge area, huge comfy bed, separate balcony, TV, stereo, DVD player, TV in bedroom)•Super modern décor and furnishings•Very friendly staff•Quiet rooms•Loads of thick bath towels, face cloths etc…•Very convenient to the UN Headquarters (only 1 and 1/2 blocks away)•Complimentary broadband internet access (non-wireless)•Complimentary breakfast at hotel café downstairs (weekdays only)•Complimentary fancy hotel chocolates in rooms on arrival•Complimentary access to 24 hr modern gym (located near lobby)•Nice large air conditioning units in bedroom and lounge areaROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT•Room rate a bit on the expensive side•No washing machine or dryer in apartments•Hotel should consider getting wireless internet (even more modest hotels in NY have wireless access available in all rooms)•Additional lighting is required in rooms especially bedroomOTHER•Close to corner store and beer and wine store (few mins walk from the hotel)•Taxi fare to JFK airport from hotel is approx $35 USDI stayed here for x2 nights from 18 - 20 May 2006	
