	Suite did not match description -- not 5 star service -- got food poisoning	After a long conversation on the phone with a reservations assistant, and after carefully reviewing the descriptions on the internet, I selected an Edwardian Suite with 1000 square feet, a living room with a sofa, and pocket doors between the living area and the bedroom. Well, they put us in a room that they insisted was in fact an Edwardian Suite, but it matched identically the description of the next lower tier suite that was several hundred dollars less--no pocket doors, about 700 sq feet, no room for a sofa. They moved us after one night (were sold out the first night), but did not refund the difference in price. The first night was uncomfortable as we had no privacy from the children and the rollaway beds barely fit in the room, and they were saggy. The next night, the REAL Edwardian suite was lovely. But we had to go to the trouble of moving and really didn't get to enjoy it. There were some other problems: no chicken fingers for the kids (ran out for two days!) though eventually they cooked some from scratch for us (shouldn't have been that hard!) And, after eating ONLY hotel food the whole day, I got a mild case of food poisoning in the middle of the second night, which kept me up for several hours. Luckily I was ok again the next day. I think it must have been the salad I ordered.	
	About Mixed Reviews	After a five-day, four-night Thanksgiving weekend at the Plaza, a re-reading of previous reviews reveals both the good and the not-so-good both have it pretty right. Yes, a gorgeous, Beau-Arts hotel in an absolutely fabulous and matchless location. And yes, after only a couple of years following the ground-to-roof renovation, the carpets in the rooms are not pristine. But the culprit here is not housekeeping but the (in-hindsight) choice of the vanilla creme color of the carpet. Our junior suite definitely had some &quot;shadows&quot; showing in the short but plush pile. I wouldn't call them stains, but disappointing none the less. However, the room verged on being spectacular in the aforementioned creme, and white and gold. The marble bathroom was large and the towels large and soft. What the Plaza offers with the incredible location, wonderful service that was, in our case, very consistent, and luxury surroundings simply cannot be matched anywhere else in NYC. I downrate by one star only for the poor choice in carpet color and the need to pull these up and replace with a more forgiving tone. The in-hotel associated but not owned Oak Room restaurant is a bit problematical; a separate review was submitted on a holiday dinner of mixed results.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great Location No Atmosphere	Went on shopping trip with my 2 daughters to New York for the first time.Hotels location was really good but the hotel was average.Good points were it was really clean and the bed was so comfortable.I felt safe here with my daughters,Staff were friendly n &amp; helpful.Bad points were their was no atmosphere at all in the hotel.The reception area in hotel served as breakfast area and that was about it.There was a lovely bar/restaurant at back of hotel which appeared closed.The room service menu was so overpriced 1 coffee &amp; 1 hot chocolate $30.A full breakfast for 1 person $40 and it wasn't very nice.We left yesturday morning early- No hot water.Didnt have time to complain. but not what you would expect from this hotel.I have seen other review that have mentioned this as well.Anyway all in all we had a good time but feel that it was really overpriced for what you actually got.	
Nov 17 2009 	False Advertisement Mediocre Accomodations	We booked the Plaza Hotel prior to a departure on a cruise from NYC, as we wanted (what we thought) would be the best NY had to offer.When booking the rooms, I was told that the Edwardian Suite (1740) would be the best choice with it's &quot;sweeping views&quot; of Central Park. This was not the case, and the room had obstructed views. Further, upon arrival, we found that the room was in a state of repair, and the engineer spent over an hour in the room replacing bulbs, repairing the toilet seat, repairing the door latch. The carpeting was old and filthy. An overall disappointment that has left a lot to be desired on this overpriced landmark. $400M in remodeling doesn't make it any nicer apparently.	
Nov 9 2009 	Loved it!	This is a first-class hotel. The service is excellent. The location is very convenient to shopping, restaurants, night life and Central Park. The rooms were EXTREMELY comfortable. I can't remember when I slept so well at a hotel. Absolutely no noise from either the street, the corridors or the neighbours. The bed is very comfortable. Staying here was a special treat.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good Not Great	Let me begin my review by saying my wife absolutely loved this hotel and cannot believe I have anything negative to say about it so take that for what it's worth. The hotel itself is in the absolute best location in NYC. It's location effectively provides for a private road in front which allows for easy entry and exit into your vehicle (if you drive) or for catching a cab (compared with The Ritz, The Peninsula, St. Regis and Mandarin, all of which are on very busy streets and have no place to park). I found the room to be clean although I was not a fan of the antiquated furnishings and retro gold bathroom fixtures. The butler service was very spotty. I called for a restocking of the wet bar and it took over three (3) hours for this to be taken care of. During our stay the hotel was having problems with it's television service and so we were without several television stations. Due to the size of the hotel, it is hard to expect a level of service whereby the doormen recall your name etc., as you might if you are accustomed to staying at a Four Seasons, Ritz, Mandarin or small boutique properties. All in all, The Plaza is an institution and for that, I am glad I stayed. However, compared to the Four Seasons Jackson Hole, Mandarin Oriental DC, Beverly Wilshire, Arrabelle at Vail, Four Seasons Miami, or King Edward Hotel Toronto, it doesn't even come close.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Hotel - Excellent Location	Of course, one must realise that today's Plaza Hotel is not the legend it once was, as most of the hotel was converted to private apartments during the recent refit. What is left, however, is still magnificent, both as a hotel, conference centre and function venue. Certainly, some facilities are not what they used to be, nor are they as good as one might expect for a hotel of this stature - the breakfast area, squeezed into the corner of the lobby being but one example. The rooms, however, are extremely comfortable, well decorated and provided with every modern amenity that one could wish for including a huge flat screen TV and a marble lined bathroom. In my experience, service was also top rate. Add to this its central location at the south end of Central Park on 5th Ave. where it is equidistant between the Guggenheim, the Mettropolitan Museum, MoMA and Broadway theatres, and a stones throw from the high end 5th Avenue stores and it's appeal is obvious. Cost? Well, that's high, but in a place like this that's what you pay. All in all - excellent.	
Nov 6 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Recently spent 3 nights at the Plaza - what a stunning hotel. Check in was quick and efficient and my room requests were already dealt with. We had a deluxe room on the 19th floor which was very well appointed - wonderful high ceilings and the most comfortable bed! My choice of foam pillows was a good one - very soft and cosy. The bathroom was very big and clean, although the pressure in the shower could have been greater.The touchscreen gadget for controlling the lights/air con/tv etc was a little unresponsive at times but no other complaints really.Sign up to the Fairmont Presidents Club for free internet too. A great deal.Overall I would heartily recommend this hotel - expensive but very special.	
Nov 2 2009 	it's ok	We recently stayed here for a couple of nights and it was ok! It has a beautiful lobby and bars and it is in a perfect location. What I found a little odd was the breakfast was only available in the lobby area !! not what I was expecting at all. When we eventually got the attention of the waiter he was fine, only we waited over ten minutes for him to finish his conversation with other members of staff before coming to serve us!! not good . Another review commented that the staff always refered to them by name and went out of their way to help, I have to say no member of staff ever referred to us by name or were overly helpful , although they were polite which is way better then the last hotel we stayed in in new york.We paid $1300.00 a night for our suite which , i think, in hindsight was way too much . We was expecting something amazing , we got something nice but certainly not amazing.	
Oct 31 2009 	Icky!	Just returned from our first stay at the Plaza. We visit the city yearly. The lobby and both bars, the Rose Room and the Oak Room are exquisite. It is all downhill after that. The carpet in the first room that they put us in was stained beyond an acceptable level. The bellman was mortified and moved us to a 2nd room. The couch in the this room was stained with some sort of crusty substance, probably nothing a wet wash cloth could not have removed. Again the bellman was embarrassed. The 3rd room had ketchup/barbecue sauce(?) on one of the chairs, again something that could have been removed fairly easily. We were too embarrassed to ask for another room. We had booked our stay for 4 nights. After the first night we decided to leave, just not up to our standards of cleanliness. We spoke with the manager, who was aware of the cleanliness issues we had had. He begged us not to leave and promised to send someone up to do a 2 hour cleaning. I feel fairly certain that never happened. We came back to the room, hours later, ketchup stain still intact. The hallways were equally dismal, a daily vacuum would do wonders. For $750 a night, please don't charge $16 a day for spotty internet service, so offensive.I will say the bellmen, front desk and concierge were all attentive and polite. The management attempted to address our issues but dropped the ball.	
Oct 30 2009 	not worth the hype	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Plaza during our very first trip to NYC. We are used to staying in 5 star accomodations and were expecting a superlative experience with the Plaza. We had received an email confirming our reservation with a &quot;preference&quot; sheet attached which we completed and returned - I was quite excited that the level of service appeared to be so attentive. However - we arrived (after a very long day of travel) - no bellhop to help with our bags! Once we struggled through the revolving door we found all the bellhops chatting with each other in the lobby. Went to check in and our &quot;preference&quot; sheet had apparently not arrived (the room upgrade that we requested as my husband is a Fairmont Presidents Club member) was &quot;unavailable&quot;. We got to our room - tiny but beautifully decorated. View of a ventilator shaft. Feather pillows - we had requested foam, no newspaper in the morning - we had been asked by the front desk what paper we prefered, suit sent with the butler for pressing - did not come back until I called 24 hours later. The bathroom looks beautiful (wonderful tub) but there is no where to hang towels by the sink and very very little space for toiletries. The toiletries supplied were skimpy to say the least and not replaced each day. After dining out one evening we stopped in the hotel bar for a drink - it was lively and great people watching but the bathrooms were dirty with toilet paper all over the floor. The concierge was wonderful and the cleaning staff did a great job but otherwise I was not impressed by the service. Next trip we'll be at the Four Seasons.	
Oct 20 2009	In the lap of luxury	We spent two days and one night at the Plaza and every moment was perfect. What a lovely place and location.All the staff were friendly and helpful, obviously well trained in hospitality.Hopefully I will return someday soon.	
Oct 19 2009 	Exceptional staff lovely rooms great service.	Visited with our son, daughter in law and sixteen month old grandson. Hotel located us across hall from each other which was great. Travelling with toddler made easy with real crib, diaper genie and baby bath. Staff warm and friendly with focus on responsive customer service. Rooms were beautiful, clean and comfortable. Best hotel pillows I have encountered. Everything we expected and more. Location can not be beat. A great experience.	
Oct 14 2009 	great location and great service	I'm rating this hotel tops despite some mixed reviews simply because we had a good stay here.The room was large by new york standards (a deluxe).It was bigger than a similar category recently we had at a similar category nearby hotel.The bathroom was a little bit bigger than usual and the room had a coridoor and an alcove which doubled up as a study with the table for that and the phone and laptop port located there.The TV was a HD one with a modern albeit slow electronic programme guide but with a large array of High definition channels [as opposed to standard definition].Now I realise some of the design aspects of the place are gawdy but to be honest,I'm a bloke and tastes differ occasionally..Just getting back to the service and without going into the details , we also had to ask for a particular requirement from the hotel during the stay which was in my opinion going above and beyond the call of duty and it was done to perfection.The other thing I have to say is,I couldn't get over how comfortable the bed was.It was lush with an over supply of comfortable deep pillows.We had breakfast downstairs and were always addressed by last name and asked if we wanted more etc.Now I have to give this stay a 9 out of 10.I do realise that I cannot comment on the consistency of standards but they were top notch on this stay.It's probable obviously that consistency is not a winner going on some other reports but that said-It's rare to find even the highest end hotels without blemishes in the trip advisor reports.It's all about the experience and we had a good one.	
Oct 12 2009 	LAP OF LUXURY	Last week we had the very pleasant experience of staying 3 nights at THE PLAZA in NYC. First of all, the location, directly across from Central Park, was great! The hotel was spotless, beautiful, amazing, fantastic.....not enough words to describe it! The lobby was full of fresth flowers, especially roses. Everyone was very friendly and helpfull. Our room was very large and had a private patio with lounge chairs and fountains amid the sky scrapers. The bath was huge! With a huge tub and separate shower stall gilded in gold and all the amenities that one ever could wish for. The king bed even had a fur spread to wrap up in!! AND we had a private butler at our beck and call!! We did not eat in their beautiful restaurant, but did have a drink in the cocktail lounge while enjoying the evening's entertainment. The bottom line is that It was 3 days and nights in PARADISE!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location disappointing room	We stayed at The Plaza for two nights to celebrate our 5th anniversary. We normally stay at a Hilton or Sheraton while in NYC, but decided to splurge since it was a special occasion. The Plaza's reputation is worldwide and we wanted to experience it first hand. We've stayed at many 5-star resorts/hotels and we were looking for a 5 star experience that never happened.Check-in was fine and the front desk staff was nice enough as was the bellman. The lobby, bars and other general areas of the hotel are very elegant. The location next to Central Park and right at 5th Avenue is fabulous.Our room, however, was tiny. It was so small that we had to take the lampshade off of the nightstand to get the closet with the safe to open. For the rate we paid, we shouldn't have had to deal with that kind of issue. Also, the mini-bar in our room was completely empty upon our arrival and we had to call to ask them to replenish it. We were in too good a mood to complain about room size on a serious level, but my husband did call the desk to explain why we removed the lamp shade and left it off, and to address the situation with the mini-bar. They did refill the mini-bar during turndown service that evening. We ordered room service for breakfast and although they stated they would deliver within 30 minutes, it took 55 minutes and an extra call to get it to us. The management left a small box of gourmet chocolates and bottle of water as an apology for the issues we had.The bathroom in our room as very nice, but lacked counter/storage space for cosmetic bags and I had to keep mine on the window sill in the bathroom. Size matters, after all.We had afternoon tea at The Plaza and the service there was slow as well, but it was nicely done.However, for the money, the plaza just wasn't worth it. We've had better experiences at less expensive hotels in NYC. Next time we want an 5-star hotel experience in NYC, we'll try one of the others.	
Sep 19 2009 	Poor Service Not upto the standards of fairmont	The Plaza did not stand upto our expectation and failed to impress me and my partner, The Butler service was bad, they did not fulfill any of our requests inspite of several reminders.	
Sep 14 2009 	New York at its finest	I stayed at the Plaza for two nights in September 2009. From the moment you arrive at this landmark property taking pride of place on Central Park South it oozes New York luxury.The rooms are among the largest in New York and well appointed in a traditional style which has tried to recapture some of the orginal Plaza hotel with the addition of a modern hi tech flat screen TV's and ipod docks.The bathrooms are large and well appointed and there is plenty of storage space and my room on the 12th floor overlooked the internal courtyard so did suffer from the street noice you get at some properties.Despite the Grand nature of the hotel it is strill relatively small and this enables it to offer exceptional levels of service from all levels of personnel.I had an exquisite meal in the Oak Room restuarant with excellent service.Broadband is free to Presidents Club members or just $14.95++ for non members.The location of the hotel is excellent, right on central park and ideal for an early morning run, the hotel pays on water and fruit for early morning runners between 6 and 8 am which is a lovely touch.	
Sep 14 2009 	mediocre - luxury a mile wide but only an inch deep	Even the beautifully renovated facilities can't make up for the many shortcomings of this hotel. On the outside, it is brimming with luxury, but after a stay, there are too many things that fail to meet expectations. The rooms are beautiful and spacious, but the carpet was stained beyond acceptable range. The minibar was paltry and items stale. The service was unpolished, slow, and clearly lacking experience. The butler is a useless gimmick. It took 4 calls and a full day/night to get a foam pillow delivered (it was a perfect tempur-pedic though). The house car refused to take us to/from nearby locations (&lt;10 blocks away). The food was OK but not nearly as good as comparable hotels (such as the Ritz). Even if money were no object, this is not a place worth returning to. The Plaza needs to substantiate their hyped-up luxury quite more to convince experienced high-end travelers that it is worth a chance. On the plus side: the TV has HD, including good HD pay on-demand movies; the hotel is clean and quiet; the shower is very strong, hot, and drains well, and linens were very new and of excellent quality.	
Sep 8 2009 	Luxury at its Best	It was our first ime in NYC so we were looking for a 4 or 5 star hotel near Central Park. After viewing several hotel websites,including Tripadvisor, we chose The Plaza. While we are both working professionals, we are certainly not rich and what made us choose The Plaza was there special promotion: stay :three nights and pay for two. It appears that it is popular marketing tool among many hotels in NYC during the summer. In so many ways, the hotel lives up to its reputation of supreme luxury. The room we had was simply beautiful. Everything from the king sized bed to the cotton Egyptian sheets to the floor to ceiling drapes to the LCD wall mounted television were first rate. However, what is the most stunning feature of the room was the french doors leading to the bathroom. The best word to describe the bathroom is opulent. The mosaic tile and the gold embossed wall designeed and the gold plated sink fixtures were impressive enough, but the vast size of the bathroom broken into three separate compartments, bath, toilet and shower (with a rain forest head) made it a remarkable room. It is probably the only time in my life that I actually enjoyed shaving so that I could hang out in the bathroom!The extra perks that elevate a hotel to 5 star status, the slippers by the bed, the extra thick towels and bathrobes and the comprehensive turn down service were all there. And if you are into technology, you will love the easy to use screen (that comes off the wall) that you can use at your fingertips to control all sorts of features such as climate control, television and lights. Its just another example of how The Plaza thinks of everthing to make you comfortable.The hotel also lives up to its reputation for outstanding service. Whether it is the doorman, bellman, waiter, chambermaid or hotel reservation clerk, they are there to please you. The people who manned the conceirge desk were constantly giving us directions and drawing routes on maps for us. When you go to the desk they make you feel that you are the most important people in the world. It is a very nice feeling.The Plaza is in a great location, right across from Central Park. FAO Shwartz and The Apple store are across the street and Rockefeller Center is about a half a mile away.While dining is not cheap in New York, The Plaza is exorbitantly expensive. Toast $6.00. Coffee $10.00. Orange Juice $12. Coke $9.00. These prices are hard to grasp. A suggestion would be to go up the street about 20 yards to Sarabeths where the prices are more reasonable.and the food is terrific, especially for breakfast (try either the omelette or the lemon risotto pancakes). Sarabeths has tables on the sidewalk so it is a great place to people watch or just to gaze out at the Park.Overall, The Plaza was a great experience. We are so glad we did it.	
Sep 8 2009 	Heavenly Honeymoon!	We arrived as Mr and Miss and left as Mr &amp; Mrs. The first of several unexpected treats was complimentary champagne in the Oak Bar on our first night as we tucked into the most delicious seafood platter. Then we were upgraded to a superior suite which was simply gorgeous - from the beautiful Grecian mosaic bathroom to the tasteful period furnishings, original crystal chandeliers and luxurious bedding. There was ample space for me and my entourage (mum &amp; best friend) to prepare ourselves for the big day, although we opted to indulge ourselves at the Warren Tricomi beauty salon where the staff were very attentive. After perfectly finished nails, hair and make-up I was greeted with yet another treat - the loan of the Plaza Rolls-Royce to take me to the chapel! (Thanks Tony!)The Plaza refurbishments were so stunningly beautiful that I felt a million dollars - (no make that four hundred million dollars) - being photographed, in my wedding gown, on the staircase with a gathering, curious crowd who then heartily applauded! The Plaza staff were just wonderful in their delivery of uncompromising service, offering the perfect mix of friendliness and helpfulness. When the room CD player needed fixing there was an engineer there within minutes. Whatever we needed, from ice to extra wine glasses, from clothes steamers and shirt pressing to toothpaste, the butler was there in what seemed like seconds! Our small wedding reception was held in the legendary 'Oak Room' and our guests were blown away in the first instance by the history and setting - and then by the amazing talents of chef Eric Hara and his staff . If we could've reclined longer into the opulence and sheer luxury of the Plaza we would have - but with the inclusion of a rehabilitation course back to the 'real world'! This was a real fairytale of New York experience and we hope that one day we'll have the opportunity to experience it again! Mr &amp; Mrs Waring (Berkshire, UK)	
Sep 8 2009 	Luxurious Pampering in Elegant Surroundings	Having stayed at the Plaza ten years ago before its renovations and being disappointed at the small room and dingy hallways, I was eager to change my view of the hotel this time around. The new Plaza did not disappoint. From the airy lobby and the elegant red roses everywhere to the friendly service and the fabulously decorated, spacious room, everything was near perfection. The central location of the hotel could not be beat, and the staff treated us like royalty. I felt quite pampered throughout our eight-day stay. The food at the hotel's various restaurants costed an arm and a leg, and the room rates were certainly on the expensive side. Other than that, what a wonderful experience the Plaza offered.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Stay Wonderful Staff	Would stay here again loved being so close to Central Park and the museums. Much quieter than the Times Square area. Great for couples our butler was wonderful.	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent	A very classy and fun experience. Service is excellent, and staff are very helpful. A must do experience in NYC	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Hotel	I really enjoyed this hotel. I arrived on the 2nd of june with a friend to stay for 4 day's. Both of us had large surf boards as we were going touring. Rooms were a little bit small, i was staying on the 13th foor. None the less the space was used excellently. There is a handy touch screen that can control nearly everything in the whole room. Bathroom and shower again were excellent similar to the whole service in general which was as expected for a 5 star hotel.Over all i would put it like this. In the summer of 2008 i stayed in the four seasons in new york for 3 days and i found this much better value. Sure the rooms arent is big but this is where ill be staying next time i go to new york.PS: Fantastic location	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel in NYC	My husband and I stayed here last week and it was incredible. we hadn't been back since it reopened and it was worth the wait. We booked our package from http://compete4yourseat.com and they provided us with a great rate when combined with our flight	
Jul 18 2009 	Exquisite Charming and Friendly Staff	On 2nd trip to New York had originally booked the New York Palace, but after the promotion from Fairmont I cancelled and changed to this iconic hotel and after arriving I realised the right choice had been made.Arriving at the hotel, the bellman walked us through to reception and &quot;handed&quot; us over to reception, rooms were ready and we had been upgraded- without even asking, the rooms themselves were magnificent, spacious with high ceilings and the bathrooms fantastic. As you can see from some other reviews there is a lot of gold in the bathrooms, but not Vegas or bland it's tasteful.Travelling party was myself, wife, son(14), MIL celebrating 70th birthday and my sister so we had 2 rooms.Beds were luxurious the king size was huge. Control panel was excellent.Like previous reviewers tickets were bought for a show ( TKTS at South Street Seaport) no queue unlike the office at Times Square, managed to get half price Mama Mia and they were able to get the hotel car(Rolls Royce) to take them- a nice touch.All in all a fantastic stay and if the offer is still on and you are looking for luxury in New York give The Plaza a go.	
Jul 16 2009 	Mixed feelings	I have stayed at the hotel twice, the first time I really enjoyed but the second time I had some problems. The hotel is very nice, but the service is not so good. We ordered food from the room service and we had to wait a lot, the housekeeper didn´t clean my room and when I complaint with her she was a little rude. I think it doesn´t worth the price we payed.	
Jul 13 2009 	The Plaza - best out of three	I'll keep this brief:I went to three hotels in my trip to NYC - The Grammercy Park hotel, The Waldorf Towers and the Plaza.By far the Plaza was outstanding for service, freindliness, location, presentation and just overall coolness.On arrival, Joseph accompanied me and carried my luggage to my room. He was possibly the friendliest person I had come across since arriving at NYC. He seemed to really be interested in my travels and showed me round the newly refurbished room with great pride. He clearly cares about his job and his customers. As a side note, the next day he remembered my name which I found impressive.All of the staff reflected this level of service and non stuffy friendliness, which I'm afraid Waldorf Towers staff were sadly lacking. (In fact I would go as far as to warn people away from the Towers)The Plaza is beautifully located on the corner of Central Park and their food is first rate. The rooms are beautiful, not at all &quot;Vegas&quot; in my opinion (as some previous reviewers have suggested.On one of the evenings I went to a broadway show and they insisted at the door that I went in the house car for free. The house car is a black rolls royce.... I can tell you that it was the ultimate feel good touch and I felt like the king of New York as I got out at the theatre...My advice - if you want a NYC experience for a few days with the wow factor, forget the others and just book the Plaza and say hi to Joseph for me.	
Jul 11 2009	amazing	It was a great hotel and perfectly localized, at 5th avenue, in front of the central park.	
Jul 8 2009 	Elegant and charming	If I could give them a 4.75, I would but...because the hotel was so beautiful, I rounded up.The only reason why I would say The Plaza is just under a 5-star is because of our check-in process. We arrived at the hotel just past 3 pm and they informed us that our room was still not ready. They asked for our number and said they would call us as soon as it was ready. We never received a call and WE had to call THEM just past 5 pm, and then learned that we could come back to check-in.Otherwise...the experience was awesome. Probably THE NICEST hotel we've ever stayed in. Our bell man even remembered us the next day. It's also in a great location - just across the street from Central Park.I will miss The Plaza.	
Jul 6 2009 	Had a great trip but honestly its a little overpriced	Everyone needs to experience the plaza at least once in their life. My mother and I flew up to NYC for a shopping trip and to catch some shows. It was a dream to always stay in this hotel and we were able to book it at an incredibly discounted rate. When we arrived at the hotel at one our room was ready, we were upgraded to a bigger room, and the man at the desk was very friendly. The room was beautiful but the electronic panel controlling everything in ours kept screwing up. We called the front desk and they sent an engineer up but he couldn't fix it so oh well for that. Besides that we had a great time its just for $1400 you could get a much trendier hotel for three nights in NYC. It seems that they still need to keep renovating a little more and then the hotel would be a much better place to stay... like maybe replacing the carpets??	
Jun 18 2009 	Luxurious Comfort in the best location in New York	We have just returned from a flawless 5 night stay at The Plaza.The location, corner of 5th Ave and Central Park puts you in the most prestigious and convenient location of New York. We booked at a deep discount rate but were treated like royalty, with a room upgrade and courteous friendly service from all staff we encountered. The butler service was helpful as I asked the butler to unpack for us, and the butler organised a mini-fridge and kettle for our room. We were then able to keep snacks and drnks in our room and even prepared our own breakfast a couple of times with provisions from Wholefoods at Time Warner building.I was concerned the rooms would be too glitzy and gold for us as we generally prefer modern,design hotels. Yes there was a fair amount of gold, but our room was spectacular, with high ceilings, elegant architectural details, stunning french windows overlooking the Versaille like courtyard and a bathroom the size of many hotel rooms I have stayed in. The bed was huge with quality linens and was like sleeping on a cloud of marshmallow.This Plaza has a sense of history and presence that makes it very New York, and we loved seeing the building and knowing that we were a part of a new York icon. We moved to a design hotel downtown after 5 nights and immediatly realised we had made a mistake and should have spent all of our stay at The Plaza.Very highly reccomended	
Jun 10 2009 	A very mixed response	I used to live in NYC, and we visit it several times throughout the year. We love staying at the Four Seasons where the level of service and comfort is extremely high. We got a nice rate at the Plaza for our Spring trip and decided to experience it. The bad things first. The decor is very Vegas. It's not classy at all. The service is mediocre. We're usually laid back about things. We arrived early at the airport and called to find out if we could have the room. We showed up and were told the room wasn't ready. The front desk person gave us attitude. We were promised a paper, and it wasn't delivered. We had a suite - and the bathroom does not have two sinks. It's roomy but no room to put your stuff down. Too much gold and to much &quot;belle epoque&quot; gaudiness for our taste. The room service food is outrageously expensive. We're used to paying extra for food at hotels, but these prices are exorbitant - and the food is just ok. If you're staying, walk towards the corner of 6th Avenue and 57th street and the RUE 57 restaurant will serve a better breakfast at a third of the price. The bar scene is like something out of Caesar's Palace in Vegas. As we were checking out, the front desk person told us to be careful on our flight &quot;because it's been crazy up there.&quot; I asked him what he meant. He mentioned the recent Air France crash. I walked away sick in my stomach (I'm a terrible flyer.) The good stuff: The room is extremely clean, and spacious. The location couldn't be better. They're offering some great bargains. Would we ever come back? No. The service and decor is very Vegas. You do not feel special. If you want true NY luxury and great service look somewhere else.	
Jun 8 2009	Absolutely Fabulous	Spent a very glitzy 4 nights at the Plaza hotel. Upon arrival, we were offered a free upgrade to a suite! Then, not knowing what to do, they happily took us to view both rooms to choose… with a smile. Incredible service upon stepping foot in the hotel! The lobby is very grand, and the rooms reflect the luxuriously rich atmosphere perfectly. Possibly the best bathroom I have ever seen, with an enormous waterfall shower, separate full sized deep bathtub, two sinks, separate toilet, and deadly so- an electronic weighing scale. The whole bathroom was almost the size of the bedroom, introduced by French windows. An absolute delight. Everything in the bedroom can be controlled electronically, and a nice touch was the iPod/iPhone docking station by the bed. The hotel can provide anything you want, from a kettle, to a mini-fridge (aside from your mini-bar so you can store your own drinks etc… ahem) We didn’t have a full length mirror though, which I’m sure they could have provided also. Nothing, however, is enough to take away the charm of the world’s most comfortable bed, crisp sheets and huggable pillows that envelope you after a hard day’s shopping. Speaking of which, they have an entire shopping centre underground, which is incredible! But if, like me, you don’t have $’000s to spend everyday, then it may not be the best place for your daily shopping fix. Especially as you are situated on 5th Avenue, which you must take full advantage of. Every morning, once you step out of the lift, you are greeted by fresh apples, international newspapers, and bottled Fiji water that you can take away with you. (Aside from the morning paper that is provided outside your bedroom door). The staff are always willing and eager to walk you around the hotel, and the concierge is at hand, recommending places to eat, drink and party. A BIG BUT! (not that kind… though you do find those around NY)… The GYM, situated in the basement, was disappointing- at best. It was small, with 1 treadmill, 1 cross trainer, and a couple of spinning bikes in a completely separate room that’s even smaller than the main gym! Worse still, it doesn’t offer any water… not even tap water. It’s shared with the residents and their one-on-one personal trainers, so you’ll have to get there very early to use any of the machines, or get some floor space. So! To avoid the claustrophobic atmosphere, just step across the road and run in Central Park.If it’s Sex And The City-meets-Big’s cheque book that you’re looking for, then the Plaza is for you. Located in one of the most prestigious addresses in Manhattan, the hotel offers a prime experience in New York, allowing you to weave your way through all the top shops and cafes by foot. I went on a girl’s holiday, and it will be something we will smile about for a long time to come.	
Jun 2 2009	Family all time favourite hotel.Has an old world aristrocartic charm and grandeu	The Plaza remains an all time favourite hotel of the family.It encapsulates the old world charm and aristocracy .Has Grandeur and modern amenities.For an amazing family time with memories that lsst Plaza is the place to be.Location is the best you will ever find in any hotel in any large Metropolis in the world. Central park on one side ,5th av on one side , columbus circle on one side....what else can you ask:)	
May 19 2009 	Great Hotel Fair service	There is no doubt that the renovation at the Plaza has turned this hotel into a great property. Although the Plaza is now “new” the hotel service could use some upgrading.Location: A wonderful midtown location minutes from Central Park *****Room: We had a standard room, which was very nice, although we had no view (other than an air conditioning unit on a roof). One of the nicer hotel rooms I have had. Large bathroom.. *****Service: Here is where the hotel could use a lot of improvement. Service was sub-par for a 5* hotel, both at the front desk and in the restaurant. I was sitting in the lobby just returning from a run in Central Park and I was asked to move out of my seat so they could accommodate a party who wished to have breakfast. It seems they serve meals and drinks in the lobby. I asked where could a guest of the hotel sit and the reply, “I don’t know please move”. Again I asked and the “waiter” pointed to a single flat decorative chair by the front desk. I was surprised a guest of the hotel would be thrown out of a seat in the lobby of the hotel. I have stayed at many Fairmont hotels and this is first time I have had sub standard service *Summary: A great hotel at a great location. If you want true five star service, in my opinion, look elsewhere.	
May 18 2009	A Beautiful Restoration	May 2009, a last minute trip to New York City with my daughter before her summer college session. Usually a Ritz Carlton junkie, I found a 20% off deal on the Fairmont website which put us in a Rose Suite at the Plaza for less than the cost of a standard King at the Ritz. Always wanting to try the Plaza since its re-opening, we chose the Fairmont. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Deluxe Rose Suite due to road construction which would have been an annoyance. These suites are all on the inner courtyard so there is no view. But we don't go to the city to enjoy the view from our room so this was fine with us. Upon entering the suite we were wowed. The renovations are fabulous. I have posted pictures that speak for themselves. I particularly enjoyed the use of the Smart panel they have installed in the wall. From here one can control the lighting, the climate and numerous other features. I used it on check out day to call for the bellman. We did meet our butler but only twice. He came to introduce himself after our arrival and checked back later to ask us about our turndown service. We did not call for him at any time and thus did not utilize his services (whatever they might have been). The room did have a faint hint of cigarette smoking upon entering. But it was not enough to be annoying. However, for the finickiest of traveller it would have been a problem.The staff that we encountered were all courteous and friendly. We found the bath, though wondrously appointed to be a bit on the small side. The shower and water closet were large. Then vanity area was a bit cramped for two people. This was mostly because they hotel provides a lot of amenities and these crowded the countertop. Add your own stuff and it made for some cramped space. Will I stay here again? I am a Ritz person and love the club lounge that they offer. It was fun to experience the Fairmont but will still probably consider the Ritz for starters.	
May 18 2009 	Almost perfect	I stayed at The Plaza May 17-18, 2009 after I was able to secure an amazing rate online. I knew I was in for a treat even before stepping on the train to travel to NYC. I tried to check in at 11:30AM, however, the rep behind the check-in desk said that the hotel was full the previous night and my room had yet to be cleaned. She took my telephone number and said she would give me a call when the room was ready. I left my bag with the porter. About an hour later, she called and I made my way back to the hotel. The lobby is impressive but I am not a fan of walking through the Champagne Bar in order to reach the check-in desks as you have to my make your way past servers and tourists. While checking in, I was handed a note from the general manager and directed to the elevators.Once entering the room, I was blown away. It was beautiful. I have never stayed in this caliber of hotel before so I was very excited. The furniture and fabrics are world class. The bathroom was almost breathtaking with beautiful 24K gold plated fixtures and leaf/flower mosaic tiles on the floor and the wall of the shower stall. The bed was extremely comfortable; I have never had this good of a sleep in a hotel before.Butler service was efficient and professional, if a bit cold. I opted to purchase food from a local shop and bring it back to the room with me and I phoned the butler to see if I could obtain silverware and an ice bucket. I also lost my cell phone charger somewhere during my travels so I placed a call to the butler to see if he could help. He offered to try a charger at the concierge station in the lobby, however, that did fit my cell phone. Then, he offered to run out and purchase a charger for me for a $25 runners fee plus the cost of the item. I declined as my cell phone wasn't completely dead and it was 8:30PM on a Sunday night so I doubted a charger could be found. I was impressed his attempt, though.I ordered a $60 breakfast in the morning and it was very good. Plenty of food, well heated and of perfect proportion.I do have a few issues, though, and they are why I could not give The Plaza a 5-star rating:- The bed skirt had dirt/stains on it, almost like grease. I didn't complain since it was on the bottom of the bed.- The edges of the carpet which rubbed up against the walls were dirty.- I had a view of the courtyard, however, the fountains were turned off, the landscaping was poor and it looked as if no one was allowed to use it...in May? I could understand it not being open in December but not in spring.- The attendant who was sent to retrieve the room service cart I had used for breakfast lightly knocked on the door and then made his way into the room. I was walking to the door to open it as he barged in. He did apologize but I was slightly annoyed.I feel that none of these issues are acceptable in a $600/night hotel. I paid a fraction of that price so I was extremely happy with my stay and the overall cleanliness of the hotel. I am looking forward to my stay in July.	
May 18 2009	Our Wedding disappointment in the Plaza	Beeing the first the time in New York, for the days of our honeymoon after 3 weeks in other hotels in NY, we stayed 5 days/nights at the Plaza Hotel at the occassion of our wedding...A once in a lifetime experience was expected but unfortunatly, the standard is much under the normal Fairmont Experience. (Yes, well the Plaza belongs now to Fairmont Group). It turned out: Disneyland kitsch and nothing special in terms of the service. (Actually, it was the service ever..!) We told them that it was our wedding day, they even saw me pass in my dress, but not even a bottle of chamoagne was offered. You pay and pay and pay for everything. Every other hotel in the world makes an effort - they don't. Service: -I got insulted and explained, what an contintental breakfast contains and what not. - ordered things in our room - they never arrived but were on the bill (!)-check-in: waiting like for ever to find our confirmation- The BUTLER promised to wake me up at the day of my wedding - just in time to go to the hair dresser - In fact, as I trusted him... the butler never arrived and I got late, no time to get my hair done on the big day. Thank you again! -the telephone never worked. they tried to fix it during our hole stay of a week and it never got fixed. I always had to call the desk to get out of the hotel to local numbers. -internet did not work as well, not even wifi. -nobody remembered my name or anything - no personalised service as in other fairmont hotels-awfull waiters in all areas waiting just for their tip - earned or not. INTERIOUR:Hughe bathroom, but everything was golden. THIS was the contrary of tastefull and discreet .Beds: no difference to other fairmont HOtels, nice. Decoration: tiger-leopard coverlet woudl not have been necessary in winter. Just not tastefull. Real small orchidea - nice plus. wall-flambeaux: imitation with plasticFrame on the wall with odd poster: plastic paionted in golden - not even real antique!Broken wardrobe doorTerrible view - not on central park (they sold most of the rooms witha view as apts) but on the street left of the plaza. NO light. (see picutres) Besides the fact, that everything is very expensive... Well, to get an idea: As a special service, they found me somebody to fix a tiny accessoire on my dress and told me, they would charge 150 $ for this service done in a minumte. WOW. Breakfast: 115 $ Afternoon Tea: 150$ Just a simple meal for two: below the 200$ A cocktail: 20$ Just go for them, but stay elsewhere :-) Restaurants:The OAK Room was just a normal restaurant, the new york steak was just burned and tough. Eat elsewhere, I recommend Jean Georges ***Same prices, but 3 Michelin Stars and great cuisine. SPA: There is some hope to get better service :o)We are getting back to NY this year, again for three weeks. But, we will stay elsewhere.	
Apr 30 2009 	Trip of a lifetime!	My husband and I stayed for our anniversary March 22-25/09. Everything about the hotel is fabulous. Every staff member is wonderful and caring. The rooms are very beautiful and elegant, with luxurious bedding and a beautiful bathroom. We were treated like royalty from beginning to end of our stay. The location is also wonderful. Right across from Central Park and carriage rides.So much to see in Central Park. It is very beautiful and flowers were just starting to come up. 5th ave shopping right by hotel. Walking distance to Times Square and all the theatres. Walk to Tavern on the Green restaurant in Central Park. The house car (2008 Rolls Royce Phantom) took us to the Phantom of the Opera one night. (Tip to driver only charge) If you want to see NYC in style, treat yourself to The Plaza once in your life. You won't regret it!	
Apr 26 2009 	Simply Wonderful A++++	My husband surprised me for my bday with a weekend at the The Plaza hotel in NYC. Having lived in and around NYC for much of my adult life, it was really great to be able to stay at one of the venerable landmark hotels. I should mention that we stayed in one of the Edwardian suites and ... it is simply stunning. A king bed, 2 bathrooms and sitting room. There is no room for improvment with the room...all of the finest furniture, bedding and bathroom hardware has been used. It is a seamless combination of old and new...luxrious and comfortable. I don't know how the lesser rooms stack up but nothing was overlooked in this suite. The service was impeccable, from the little ammenitites to the bigger ones. They even had a bday cake waiting in the room for me that was delicious beyond all description and was gratis on the hotel. It was wonderful to know that even in a touristy hotel like The Plaza elegance is still valued.	
Apr 21 2009 	Overpriced and Poor Service	We stayed at the plaza hotel over spring break. This was my first time returning to the hotel after the remodeling. The gym was not finished so that had a pitiful excuse for a gym in the basement. The room was fine except the heating system in the room wouldn't go above 68. So they sent some guy to fix it. The concierge wasn't that well informed. We asked him to make reservations for us to play tennis at the us tennis center in queens, and he was unable to book anything. So i look up the phone number on my blackberry and made the reservation my self. I would stay else where i felt as though you could get a better deal somewhere else. Oh but the best part of the hotel was the use of their Rolls Royce. There was unlimited use to the guest. And the best part was it was Free!!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Top of their Game	Hey folks, I know fine hotels...I only stay at the best of the best in my extensive travels and just returned from 3 nights at The Plaza. It completely exceeded my expectations..thought it would be a stuffy, snooty place--staff with attitude. Rather, in 3 nights I was amazed at their exceptional level of service from every single staff member I encountered. The rooms are absolutely flawless and elegant--butler, room service, bellmen, housekeeping, reception staff are without exception courteous, low key and on top of every detail..A miscommunication with the spa resulted in complimentary wine and cheese service...wrong egg order was corrected within minutes...you cannot go wrong at this place and I don't think you can beat this for a stay in NYC.	
Apr 12 2009 	No wonder its so famous!!	When you think of the Plaza Hotel, NYC, you think of the creme da la creme. Well thats pretty much what it is!! Its a stunning hotel with fantastic ammenities and courtious staff!! Couldn't of asked for better!!	
Apr 6 2009 	It is impossible to overdo luxury.	Stayed at the plaza for five nights in March and it was worth every penny. We had a deluxe courtyard room and were not dissapointed one bit as it was everything we expected and more.The bed was the most spacious and comfortable i have ever seen and the bath was so deep it took like a half hour to fill up. All the staff were very friendly and we got a gift bag at check in containing plaza pens,keyring and a usb stick which was a nice touch.We never used the restraunts or the bars so cant really comment on them but they looked very nice and would of use them if we go again. The location of the plaza is perfect in my opinion as it is pretty central to most attractions and there is a tube station right next door. If you get a chance to stay at this hotel dont think twice just book it and you will not regret it one bit. As the video in the room says &quot;it is impossible to overdo luxury.&quot;	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Experience but not 100% Ready	I stayed at The Plaza the weekend of 3/26 - 3/29 with my mother for a &quot;girl's weekend' to celebrate a BIG birthday. It had been a dream since childhood to stay at this icon and so we took advantage of an opportunity to go and we're very glad we did.The main points I want to make is that the hotel is truly grand, in a great location, with certain wonderful amenities BUT it is still not operating at 100 %. For example, the Palm Court, which I had visited as a teenager, is still not open. This was a major disappointment since this was always such an integral part of &quot;The Plaza experience.&quot; They have opened a lovely lounge, The Rose Club, but beware...two vodka martinis (Grey Goose) cost $21 EACH (I bought a bottle of Grey Goose on a cruise for $28)! So, don't stay here or eat/drink here unless you are willing to pay very high prices.Our room was large but not dramatically so. The bathrooms are lovely, but only had one sink which was a little inconvenient. I would've thought a hotel of this caliber would have 2 sink areas. The bed was very comfortable with great, down linens but even though it was in the 40's at night, mother and I both found ourselves sweating! I had to lower the heat to around 68 to be comfortable.Service was excellent; butlers brought ice to our room when needed and all of the staff were down-to-earth and very helpful.One Note: If you are staying here you have the complimentary use of a 2008 Bentley if it's available when you need it. I didn't see this mentioned in any literature and only knew about it from having read this site before traveling. You cannot reserve the car, it if for drop-offs only, and it will take you to within about 20 blocks of the hotel. We used it twice and it was a fun, unusual experience! Try it if you can.For breakfast, we had an inexpensive breakfast around the corner at the 6th Avenue Coffee Shop (6th Avenue and 58th St) and we went to Sarabeth's for brunch which is down the street at 40 Central Park South. Nice atmosphere, a little pricey for what it was, but a small treat if you want something with ambience.Bottom line: wonderful, old world New York landmark that I recommend as long as you know it isn't quite fully operational.	
Mar 29 2009 	Impressive	This property is truly stunning! I have always wanted to stay in this hotel, and I can say it does not disappoint. We stayed in a Rose Suite. Huge and wonderful suite, plenty of space. The beds were super comfy. The bathrooms was superb. Beautiful mosaic tiles throughout.We had great service at the Oak Bar. Great place to get a drink and relax. We found the service throughout the hotel was excellent and what really made the hotel stand out. The front desk was most helpful as was the bell and front door staff. They do not hesistate to assist you.We also took the house car to local areas and that was a great treat as it is a Rolls Royce Phantom. Staying at the Plaza makes you feel truly spoiled and when I return to NYC, it will be the only place I will want to stay in!	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Hotel -	The &quot;new&quot; Plaza hotel is impeccable! I just cant believe the room quality and especially the size of the bathrooms. I stayed at the old Plaza which needed a renovation, and wow what a difference to be seen. The facilities are fantastic, the room classic look, comfortable and hi-tech gives a great feel.Only disappointment was the concierge service. We got quoted $350 for a $80 broadway show ticket, and over $800 more for a local flight quote. Also one of the concierge ladies (who will remain nameless) had an obvious problem with gas..EWWWW! at least excuse yourself and not infront of customers, twice this happened during our stay.Other than the concierge the hotel is fantastic, great quality, service and value for money.Highly recommended!!! Will return with clients.	
Mar 18 2009 	Exquisite service trumps problems with gadgetry	The &quot;new&quot; Plaza is quite nice. The rooms are clean, the bathrooms are beautiful, the service is on par with a Four Seasons. Never knew about car service or would have used it. The butler phoned 5 minutes after we checked in to see if we needed anything. Location can't be beat. The electronic room panel never quite worked to our satisfaction, but if you can get around that, you're good to go. (controls lights, heat, and tv) Service in the Oak Room for a late night hot chocolate was quite attentive even though the room was full.The champagne bar service was a little slow on a busy Friday night, but the food we ordered there was good, and the view of the lobby was fun. Room service was good, other than on one day (of 5) when I had to wait 45 minutes for a pot of coffee. Can't say enough about concierge service - spot on about everything they recommended and it showed that they had visited the places they recommended unlike many others.Although there were no longer any park view rooms, our view of the inner courtyard was actually quite nice - and QUIET! Internet only worked once - apparently this is being worked on.	
Mar 5 2009 	Awe Inspiring	We spent two nights at the Plaza and couldn't have been more pleased. The entire staff couldn't do enough for us to make our stay enjoyable. The Deluxe room was larger than we expected and wonderfully appointed. The location is fantastic and convenient. The hotel car when available is an added bonus.	
Mar 2 2009 	unbelievable!	I think if anyone stays at the Plaza and does not like the hotel, then you need to stay home!! This hotel was the most unbelievable beautiful hotel I have ever stayed at. From the service to the rooms to the beds, everything was perfect. And for those who says it smelled? I have no idea what you are talking about... we never smelled anything funny! Thanks Plaza for a wonderful weekend!!	
Feb 26 2009 	Did the other reviewers stay in the same hotel	I am shocked at the last two reviews. I just got back from a four night stay at The Plaza an it was everything I expected and more. Service was exceptional ,the staff friendly and couldnt do enough to make my stay the most enjoyable ever. Every member of the staff was one step ahead of my needs, that is true luxury. Did the other reviewers forget about the complimentry house cars that would take you within 25 blocks of the Plaza. What other hotel in NYC does that? Did they have a ups pickup scheduled by the concierge and delivered back to SLC the next day. My ice bucket was never empty and I was checked on in the evening by my butler to make sure I had everything I needed :before I settled in for the evening The best part, after my 7:00am wake-up call my breakfast was delivered by 7:15 My list can go on and on about how wonderful the Plaza is and will always be. It really is very sad that because guest could not ffigure out how to work the lights maintain the temperture in their room or complain about the vanity being to small, they feel it necessary to write such lengthy complaint on this website. My favorite complaint was the smell of cigerette smoke clearly there sense of smell is off. There was no smell of cigerette smoke anywhere in the hotel With the above being said. I would highly recomend The Plaza to any person who wants to experience the finest New york has to offer.	
Feb 25 2009 	What a shame!	The hotel smelled of cigarette smoke - so much so the bedrooms reeked and the disgusting odor had permeated into the curtains, furniture, towels, pillows and bed clothes. Couldn't sleep a wink because of the overpowering stench. Apparently, the Prince of Saudi Arabia had 90 rooms, and after all that money spent on the fabulous renovation, ruined with total disregard and abuse of those cancer sticks! Stayed at The Plaza in October and enjoyed the fruits of a gorgeous Indian Summer and exquisite suite. What a great shame. I would imagine nothing could rid the hotel of this abomination unless a complete fumigation was undertaken!!!	
Dec 2 2008 	Very disappointed with the Plaza	It has long been a fantasy of mine to stay at the legendary Plaza Hotel. Finally got there this year, and what a disappointment!The room was nice, but that's about all I could say about it. The bathroom was really beautiful, lots of gold.The service in the Champagne Bar and the mezzanine level bar was woeful, we walked out in disgust. We felt as if the staff thought they were doing us a favour by being there, very unpleasant!Our room wasn't made up by 5pm when we got back after a busy day sightseeing on our second day there, and we had to ask to have it done, there was no apology from the butler, just a casual &quot;oh, would you like me to get it made up?&quot;I have never ever stayed at a hotel where I had to request that my room be made up!The location of this hotel is perfect, but as for value for money - forget the Plaza! Overpriced and under-serviced.	
Nov 11 2008 	Simply fantastic!	We just spent a weekend at The Plaza and it was just fantastic in every sense. The rooms are just gorgeous and the bathrooms deserve a place in paradise! I have never slept on a bed this comfortable....not to mention the beautiful symphonies that played softly by my bedside...what a pleasure it was to come back to the room each evening. Service was impeccable, food and drinks were fantastic and everyone at the concierge's desk was incredibly helpful and personalized. The Plaza experience is worth every penny and is highly recommended, specifically for those who enjoy spending time in the hotel and perhaps are repeat visitors to NYC.Advice: Don't be afraid to speak up if your room has a crappy view or anything of the sort. Speaking up here makes a huge difference.	
Oct 15 2008 	The Plaza was great!	This summer we've stayed at the Plaza. We are a family with two children (teenagers) and we go to NY once a year. Every time we try another hotel! We've stayed at the Waldorff Astoria too, but this time we really liked to stay at the Plaza, after the renovation. Well, we were nicely surprised! The room was spacious and the bathroom even more! Everything looked very luxurious, really great. The lobby was beautiful too, with the nicely decorated bar. The only annoying thing was that the last day there was a 'doorman' who asked everyone if they were hotelguests before they were allowed to enter the lobby. He did this in a very impolite way, and when my son had to go back, so he had to enter the lobby twice in about 5 minutes, this 'doorman' asked it AGAIN! That was a little silly.. But for the rest we had a really nice stay!	
Sep 28 2008 	very nice	lovely hotel, great service. eat elsewhere.	
Sep 21 2008 	welcome to new york	overall beautifull hotel getting back on their feet,and who dosent love a comeback!like any place there are ups and downs but the plaza has more up's than their downs.i reconmend it to any one who has wanted to see new york with a bit of style.	
Sep 8 2008 	The Plaza= Excellence	The Plaza is a fabulous property. The service was impeccable. We were treated like royalty by every staff member that we encountered. Even the morning we departed, at 4am, the front desk clerk was alert, friendly and genuinely concerned with how we felt about our stay. The bellman was also at his best at this hour. And if you ever wonder when they could possibly have time to do all of the flower arranging in the lobby, it is at 4am. The amount of flowers everywhere was astounding!The rooms are beautiful and the beds were the most comfortable we have ever slept in. Little things seem to just &quot;appear&quot; in our room while we were out. Chocolates, fruit plates, champagne.........it was wonderful. Room service was prompt and the food equally amazing.Having a butler on hand to see to your every need is more than anyone could ask for. Staying at The Plaza is an &quot;experience&quot; An experience we would recommend to everyone.	
Aug 27 2008	Amazing!	Wow! It was more than I imagined! We loved our room, we loved the service. It was amazing to feel so privileged and pampered. Got there before the grand opening and missed seeing more Eloise things, but we found her portrait (it's now my phone wallpaper!) The staff was outstanding and made sure we Southern Country girls felt very special. We'll be back!!!	
Aug 25 2008	Disappointing!	Went here before the renno, the room was small and old. The location is great, as is teh Oak Room for dinner and bar. But Tea in the Palm Court is a rip-off then and now for $100 per person. Service is bad, atmosphere lovely but food bad as well. Would maybe go back considering the renno	
Aug 20 2008 	Plaza is def. recommended	We stayed in a 1000sqft Edwardian suite and it had a modernized old style design which was quite succesful actually. The butler service reminds you of how hotels once used to be and for that the Plaza should have an eloge for truly restoring a grand hotel feeling. A big minus here was actually the guests, the hotel really should impose a dress code. A lot of families too as they probably save money getting one room at the Plaza compared to 2 rooms at any other hotel and therefore also affecting the ambience of the hotel. The lobby area fails somehow to impress and the bar upstairs is just wrong and poorly designed. The staff is correct and friendly except for the busy and high attitude concierge - a big minus for the limo company that handels the hotel's cars and the Rolls Royce; you step out from the Plaza into suddenly 2* hotel service if any. It is hard to sum up the Plaza - it's more than fabulous in some parts and then not thought through in other parts at all, hopefully once the hotel is fully refurbished and the Oak bar &amp; spa once opens again, the hotel manages to step up and claim its spot amongst the luxury hotels with matching clientele.	
Aug 11 2008 	Not all that it is "cracked up to be"	Over priced,Dirty carpets in hallways and roomsStains on door to roomRipped carpets off elevatorsNever delivered newspaper even after asking for it three timesI have stayed in many, many five star hotels and this was the most disappointing one by far! I happened to get a very good deal and only ended up paying the equivalent of $450.00 a night ( special deal where our third night was free). If I had paid the standard rate for this hotel...I would have been irate!!! This place should be fabulous...it just isn't. The bed was not comfy, the blanket was so thick and cumbersome. I asked for a summer weight blanket to be brought to our room and they told us the next morning that the reason we couldn't have a lighter blanket is because they had none and had never had one requested!!??! The blanket that was on the bed was a feather comforter that was heavy and they had a top sheet. The people didn't care at all that I was either roasting or freezing and I just cannot fathom that I am the only person who just needs an appropriate seasonal blanket. The bathroom was gracious but the shower volume was weak. The butler idea is pretentious and useless. We asked ours to steam several items and after he took them he called us back to say there would be a charge. They never even left chocolates on the pillow. Some nights the turn down service left our slippers out on little rugs by the bed and other nights nothing. All and all, I will never stay here again...even if our rate were under $200.00. The location was great but really nothing else about it was special. I am sorry to disappoint anybody who really wanted to stay here...as I did. I wish I would have been warned and stayed at a small boutique hotel.	
Aug 9 2008 	My new favorite hotel in NYC!!!	I had one of the nicest stays in nyc in my entire life at the recently restored Plaza hotel. In fact, it changed the way I used to feel about the older hotel. I in fact never stayed in the older one before, but remember going through the place. I noticed how they kept the main venues that were historic, such as the palm court and entry lobby, but they went to totally 5 stars with it. They use the fanciest materials wherever possible to do so. The extrodinary ceiling in the lobby is so impressive as is the hot new rose club. In the rose club, I couldn't find anyone over 40! This place seems to be attractive to the younger generation. The check in process was a breeze. Suzzane I believe it was, was so nice and kind, she went out of her way by being so considerate and did not remind me of the old, stuffy serivce that is very typical of hotels of this caliber. Then we got to the rooms, which were so beautiful. The hallways are also unique. You have to see the molding in the hallways, and the cool carpet. They are quite &quot;hip.&quot; My bellman, Eddie was awesome, he told us how he's been here so long. Our butler, Oliver showed us how to use the high tech remote control, and the functions of the room and his services. He was again, like suzzane, who adds a lot of fresh energy to this historic place. I'd requst him in the future. The bed was ultra comfry as was all the other amenities. I have to say, although almost all the rooms don't face the park, the room makes up for it big time. The courtyard is so nice because of the soothing sound it makes. We kept the windows open just for this reason alone! And even then, it has the best location of all! I'd return in a heartbeat, altough I really wish the spa and whole shopping area and the oak bar was complete. This place also needs to work on improving the service in the champagne bar with being more like the st. regis's bar when it comes to service. I'm sure this will take place given that this place is recently re-opening. All in all, were be back before you know it! Thank god I don't live very far from the place!	
Jul 29 2008 	Fabulous rooms shame that no dress code!	Our family booked us two nights at the Plaza for our 40th wedding anniversary celebrations.the room was superb, very traditional, two hd tv's , very comfortable bed, lovely bathroom although the bath being so big took ages to fill to a reasonable level, still the rain shower was there also.Our room 1629 had a poor view, not the park and in fact it had the builders elevator out of our bedroom window.the butler steam ironed my linen suit and it looked wonderful (Bruno was his name). Breakfast was o.k. but a rather poor waiter who seemed more interested in his tip than serving the guests.However when we ordered a bucket of ice, it took over 15 minutes to arrive and we had to phone again to get it.Raphael, the conciege, was excellent, suggesting a restaurant to get the &quot;real pastami &quot; sandwich. Also helped with restaurant locations ,etc.My real complaint was considering that this is one of the top hotels in the world,was the lack of any dress code.....people walked in off the street in shorts, t- shirts, jeans just to gaze at the interior...the commissionaires should stop people inappropriately dressed. Mind you some of the guests were as bad with their clothing, not only during the day but in the evenings as well. I have been turned away from certain hotels in London because of jeans and when i went to one hotel in London without a tie, the hotel found one for me to wear.One evening,I asked the front desk to get the Manager to discuss the dress code with me, I never got the decency of a phone call from him!	
Jul 16 2008 	The Ultimate in Luxury	My wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Plaza hotel over the 4th of july. I really thought the hotel was beautiful, tastefully decorated, and all the staff were pleasant, courteous, and friendly.This was our first time in NY and we really wanted to experience the best of the best on our first trip and the hotel didn't dissapoint. When we first got to the hotel we were greeted by the doorman who took our bags for us to the front desk. After checking in, the bellboy took our bags up to our room with us and explained all of the features and renevations of the hotel and our room. He explained how they narrowed the hallways to make for larger rooms. The room was classicly decorated with some novel technology in the whole room &quot;Remote&quot; which controlled lighting, entertainment, climate, and hotel sevices.We were met with a complimentary fruit plate containing many different fresh fruits for our enjoyment as well as still and sparkling water.The beds were extremely comfortable with faux furs at the foot and down matress pads on the bed. The room was a bit cramped with dual chairs at the foot of the bed for watching the TV which made for tight navigation between the desk and the TV viewing. The room was also equipped with a safe, a closet, and an armoir.The bathroom was very roomy, containing individual shower rooms and commode rooms, with a stand alone bathtub.A couple things that were not up to par was that the bath never seemed to get hot enough, and the draining of the bathtub always produced a rattling noise which was not confined to our room as we could hear our neighbor's familiar &quot;rattle&quot; when they were draining their tub. Also, we never could get the temperature above 65 degrees, and while this might be good for the dead of summer, it still was chilly for us Texans. Overall we had an excellent time, but will opt for something a bit less expensive next time we head to NYC. It will be an experience we remember for the rest of our lives!	
Apr 11 2008	Las Vegas In New York	I have lived in New York for almost 15 years and the Plaza was always such a great Landmark Hotel. They have made it into a Las Vegas nightmare. Was Wayne Newton the decorator? Did they ask the Housewives of New York City for advice? It is beyond tacky - horrific chandeliers, escalators, heavy brocade.. It has lost all its charm and it is a shame because it once was such a beautiful place.	
Apr 10 2008	Same Old Plaza with Shiny New Duds	Recent trip to New York decided to check out the 'new' Plaza and made a booking directly. Arrival was grand looking with new Rolls Royce parked out front and the facade looked a little fresher. The cab door was not open by the doormen who was too busy with a conversation with another colleague. This was my first flashback to the 'old' Plaza but I remained positive in anticipation.Eventually I was assisted with luggage and moved my way into the lobby. It was beautifully renovated although it was oddly quiet given the restaurant is in the middle of the lobby (empty).Check in was fine and the room was nice but no park view available. Seems crazy to me to pay such a price and have a very average view. According to my bellman the park view rooms are reserved for the residences apparently and a regular source of discontent.Decided to head down to the restaurant, The Palm Court, and quickly found the reson it was empty. The pricing is exhorbitant even for 5 star New York properties. It will take your breath away.I have stayed at The Ritz, Carlyle and Mandarin in New York and they are a bargain in comparison. Be warned.The food nor the service warranted this pricing. In fact, it seemed like same old service from before. Slow and impolite.Oak Room is not open and in general they definitely need more training to match the 'six star' service claim.	
Apr 8 2008 	The Plaza - the place for that special occasion	This was a once in a lifetime trip -- three generations and 2 birthdays to celebrate. My mom, who will be 75 shortly and my daughter who recently turned 16. Neither had been to New York before. We decided to go for broke and chose the newly reopened (soft open so far) Plaza Hotel because of the location on the Park. proximity to shopping and theater and because it's the Plaza! We were not disappointed.Understand that many of the public rooms are still being renovated so if you want to stop by for a drink there's really no full bar available - they do have a Champagne Bar in the lobby. But the newly discovered and uncovered stained/leaded glass ceiling in the Palm Court is spectacular. The ceilings are magnificant in the lobby as are the elevators!Rooms: Very spacious with fabulous bedding -- very comfortable. New to the Plaza is the butler -- unfortunately we didn't use his services for packing, unpacking or drawing a bath but it's nice to know they are available particularly if you have need for assistance.Bathrooms -- okay, this is where they got me -- the most spacious bathroom I've ever had in New York and pretty much in any standard hotel room - I think the walk in shower was the size of the room we stayed in the last time we stayed at the Plaza before they closed! Downside -- with three women (one being a teenager) there simply wasn't enough counter space and we had to put makeup bags, curling irons, etc. on the floor under the sink. As the room was ADA compliant it may have been that our sink intentionally had no cabinets so a wheelchair could have access.Why were we in an ADA room? My mom has some mobility issues and walks with a cane. The walk in shower was a big reason we stayed here. I had called the hotel directly to inquire about accessiblity - from the reservations clerk (Patrice) to Ulrich the reservations manager -- I have never encountered a more helpful staff. In fact, the day before we arrived, Ulrich called me directly to confirm that they understood my mother's needs -- when have you ever had a hotel manager do that? They had even placed a shower chair in the shower for her use -- we had not asked for this but knowing the size of their new shower (I told you it was huge) they realized that she may need something in there to sit on. While this may not seem like much to you, when you're worried about falls in showers this is a big thing! Kudos to the staff.And Raphael the concierge did an outstanding job for us-- unlike typical concierge who never &quot;come out from behind the desk&quot;, Raphael always stood up, came from around the desk and greeted us -- I'm sorry but that makes a huge difference to me. He helped us with all of our transportation needs (again, mobility was an issue for us) so this was a little different from your typical dinner reservation/theater ticket assistance. His assistance made sure we got to where we needed to be (South Pacific -- go see it!!) in nasty weather and through construction with no problem for my mom. He also surprised us with a birthday cake and champagne -- I can't tell you what a delicious surprise that was!Only one other time in 24 years of business travel have I left a letter to the general manager of a property when I felt the staff and service went above and beyond what I would expect given the class of property. The other time was when I lived in San Francisco and was in Las Vegas on business when the earthquake hit in the late 80's.I don't know if I am conveying to you readers how much the staff assisted me in making this the trip of a lifetime. Everyone from the doormen who helped us in and out of transportation to the waiters assisting us with seating approached their jobs genuinely happy to be there. (I understand many are returning vets of the Plaza) Bravo, Fairmont. Here's hoping I can talk my husband into staying there next time because I really can't see staying anywhere else now!	
Apr 1 2008 	The Plaza is beautiful	We went to the Plaza for a weekend to celebrate my husbands 40th birthday. I booked on the hotel website and mentioned his birthday. We had champagne and a birthday cake waiting. All the staff wished him a happy birthday. The service was superior. The food was expensive but good. The place is gorgeous. The location is great.	
Nov 24 2009 	Extraordinario		
Nov 14 2009 	Un hotel con historia; un clásico que visitar de la bella Cd. de New York		
Sep 10 2009	Lusso turistico		
Feb 19 2009 	Esperienza da ripetere		
Nov 5 2008 	?????????????		
Sep 28 2008 	Spettacolare		
