Nov 10 2009 	wonderful hotel	my huisband and i stayed here for the Nov weekend. It was wonderful. Had a room on the third floor, great view. clean, bed comfortable, and staff pleasant. Complimentary coffee and pastries given between 8 - 10 am. Close to parking garage, and all entertainment, piers, eating establishments	
Oct 22 2009 	Super Location and exceded expectations	My wife and I and our 15yr old daughter stayed at the Chelsea Savoy Hotel Oct 14-19. Stayed in a double room with 2 beds. By far the best hotel I have stayed in for the $$$. I was afraid the rooms would be small based on other properties we reserched before we left. To our suprise the were very roomy. Bathroom was big and the shower had good water pressure. The staff was very nice and helpful. The elevator, halls and rooms were impecably clean. Excellent location. Step outside and there is the Subway... Awsome location. We went everywhere we could for our quick 5 days. I would definetly stay here again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Friendly Clean and Basic	Stayed at the Chelsea Savoy for three days Oct 2-5. Checking in was easy and fast. The staff was courteous and check in was simple. My room was on the 5th floor and away from the noise down on 23rd street. The room was very basic and spot-free. The only thing- the room was a bit small... however you don't go to NYC to sit in a room all day so I didn't mind. The elevator was a bit slow but again nothing major. The complimentary continental breakfast was pasties and coffee but there are dozens of places in the Chelsea area to eat any time of the day or night. It's steps away from all the major subway lines both uptown and downtown... and midtown is only 2 stops away. The bed wasn't very soft but the shower was clean- plenty of towels, toiletries and other hotel staples were stocked. Check out took about 30 seconds and the staff was again very helpful. I've seen other reviews complaining about the noise, but it's NYC... it's always noisy but not so much you can't sleep... try to request a room on the 4th, 5th or 6th floor if you're concerned. It's a lively area and Chelsea stays up late.	
Oct 5 2009 	Budget and Good	Cost only 190USD a night, with free pastry and coffee, tea breakfast. centralised location to Time Square, Empire State and many places :D	
Sep 28 2009 	A budget hotel to be sure	This is a budget hotel, to be sure. It deserves credit for being clean and for a really nice complimentary continental breakfast, as well as great subway access. That said, unless you want to sleep on mattresses that are hard as rocks, use threadbare linens, and have a choice between listening to neighboring rooms' toilets flushing all night long or the rattle of a poor air conditioner, I'd look elsewhere.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel but staff gives out incorrect info	We stayed here for the 2nd time and will definitly stay here again. We liked it the 1st time and liked it just the same the 2nd time. You can't beat the price for this no-frills hotel in a great location.However, a female staff member with a European accent tried to con us into taking a hired car back to JFK airport. Upon checking out, she asked us if we want her to hire us a car for $60 plus tolls to JFK for later that evening. We were unsure and asked her if we could take a taxi for cheaper instead. She said that taxis don't have flat rates to JFK and it's better to hire a car. So we did. But then when we were out for the day, we asked several cabbies if there's flat rate to JFK and they all said yes. Not to mention it's posted on most cabs that it's a $45 flat rate to JFK (plus tolls). So we called the hotel to cancel our car so that we could take a cab instead. We think she tried to con us into hiring a car from her &quot;friend's&quot; company. We did not appreciate her sneaky business of trying to con money out of us for her friend. So if any of the staff there try to tell you that cabs only do fixed price fares TO Manhattan and not OUT of Manhattan, don't believe them cuz it's not true!	
Aug 9 2009 	GREAT!!!!	I have been in NYC many times &amp; stayed in many hotels, besides the big chains hotels (Millenium Times square, Double tree, Hilton, Sofitel and Marriott, Park Plaza), this is THE BEST hotel I've stayed in!!!, very nice quiet room (ask for the ones not facing the street!!), for NYC standards quite large too!!! with clean bathroom &amp; a small refrigerator inside. The location is the best 23rd st. between 7th and 8th aves. so..... you have the red line on 7th and the blue lines on the 8th, so trains runing at all times you have access from anywhere!! this time I arrived to Penn Station and took the 1 to the 23rd, the hotel is above the station.!!The breakfast is not that fancy but you have pastries and coffee!, very nice deli on the corner of 23rd and 8th ave. One thing I have to say is that the bed is really hard ( I read it on reviews!!), nevertheless is confortable. Hey for the money you cannot find a better deal!, my rate was 125.00 plus taxes!!!, at the end of my stay I did make another reservation for thanksgiving week, this one obviously at a very different rate but when you compared with other hotels still a very good deal!	
Jun 25 2009 	2 thumbs up! Very Affordable. Great location.	My husband and I were looking for a decent hotel right in the middle of it all without having to pay a ton considering we weren't going to be in the hotel very much and we stayed an entire week, which can be very expensive. This place was perfect, it was so cheap (about $175-185/night) without looking and feeling cheap. The room we stayed in was very clean, up to date, comfortable and quiet. The front desk was quick to check us in and helpful when we had questions. We spent very little time in our room but it was perfect. We felt safe and really have no complaints about the place. Right outside, just across the street is an entrance to the subway, very convenient. Highly recommend if you don't want to spend a lot on a hotel.	
May 25 2009 	A Good hotel to stay close to Times Square	Stay at the hotel was a pleasant experience. The staff extended a warm welcome and had our room ready when we entered the hotel. The room was very clean and good. Its quite close to Times square (3 stations). You can get an MTA right next to the station (I mean it, there is a subway once you come out of the hotel). Its nicely located on the intersection of 7 Ave and West 23rd street. You also have a good supermarket 1 minute walk from the hotel which is open till 11 pm. Our overall experience was very pleasant and memorable.	
Apr 27 2009 	Unbeatable value	We stayed for just one night in April of 2009, and the Chelsea Savoy had no problem taking a booking for Saturday night only, which not many other hotels were willing to do. A lot of the other reviews here mentioned poor service, but the two people working at the desk Saturday afternoon welcomed us as soon as we walked in and we very cordial and polite the whole time we were there. The rooms still have that funky &quot;just painted&quot; smell, but after a few minutes, you don't notice it at all. The bathroom was big (as others mentioned) for New York City standards. The room and bathroom were both very clean. The hotel literally sits on top of the 1 and 9 line's 23rd st. subway station and is a block away (east) from the B/D/F/V or (west) A/C/E subway lines so you can be practically anywhere in Manhattan within 20 mins or so. We were on the second floor and still had no problems sleeping with the street noise, but others might notice it. As others have mentioned, the breakfast is nothing special, just pastries and coffee/tea. There is no restaurant at the hotel (as of 4/2009), but there are about 3 or 4 decently priced diners within a block in either direction, so it's no big deal. The hotel was more than happy to keep our bag for the afternoon after we checked out.The deal maker for this hotel is the price. We paid $125 for a queen bed on a Saturday night - extremely low by Manhattan standards and an incredible value for the money! We will be back to the Savoy on our next trip to NYC.	
Dec 22 2008 	Perfect Location	My sister-in-law wanted to go to NY, I had been a few times before and I thought it was perfect! I planned the trip first by going to TripAdvisor as I had enjoyed hearing what others thought about a hotel, an exhibit or a show in a specific city. We searched hotels knowing &quot;roughly&quot; what we were willing to spend without having to share a bathroom or go to a full hostel. We were not adverse to sharing a bathroom, as along as, we knew our belongings were safe. Pretty much we did not want to spend too much on a hotel which we would not spend that much time in for our trip - imagine that. We weighed the options on cost for at least 3-4 weeks then finally (due to availability) decided on the Chelsea Savoy. In all fairness, we would have spent more if we waited longer to weigh the options. From the other hotels we looked at, both from TripAdvisor and via their own website (and calling) we got our hotel. When I booked the hotel I said to my sister in law, it might just be &quot;it is what it is&quot; since there were some, not so great, reviews via TripAdvisor but my thought was not everyone is the same and their plans might have wanted more from the beginning. She was fine with that. We landed at LGA and proceeded to Super Shuttle, as that was (what we thought) cheaper than getting a cab (we learned going back to LGA). The Super Shuttle driver was super quite until we (being the last drop off) were the last fare in the Shuttle. He was AWESOME! Totally took us through Time Square (during a very busy time) Prefect to see everything at a late night - Super Shuttle=Set fare, so we were ok with the sight seeing. It was perfect for our evening coming to the hotel. We got to our hotel (which our SS driver brought our bags to the FRONT DESK! Not the door.) and checked in with two very polite gentlemen. I stated that our return flight was leaving later in the day of our check out , which they said &quot;we can check your bag for free until you come back if you would like&quot;. Very nice to know, without having to ask. They gave us our keys and we were on our way. Over our stay I asked for 2 things; 1. More towels (as I used my sister-in-law's set because I have a lot of hair - The extra towels came in about 15 minutes after asking, and 2. I ran out of shampoo (OMG!) the front desk was awesome, we were coming back from a night out on the town and once we got back to our room it was about 20 or so minutes and they sent up about 5-6 shampoos &amp; conditioners for me. I was happy. The day of our departure we had wanted to do &quot;last minutes&quot;, which we did, and ended up rushing to LGA. We found a cab driver (Central Park, about 3:30pm) who made a point of reminding us of the shift change around 4pm, so we kept the same cab from Central Park to our hotel to LGA. Bit of a rush checkout. Cab outside on the meter, I run inside to get our luggage. When we checked out (morning of that day), we gave Chelsea Savoy Hotel our luggage to keep for about 4 hours at no charge, I just tipped the guy as he was super fast - less that 2 minutes. That made me happy as we were on the meter, and people were waiting. We got to LGA and back home, and I made a point of making my story know as Chelsea Savoy Hotel was just fine. The price was perfect, we had our own room and bath, and the staff was the staff. If you want someone to cater to your every need - don't bother - but if you want to conserve you money and have a great stay with a hotel that gives you what a hotel is to do - A room - then stay here. Oh and the Chelsea Papaya is less than 100 feet away!!!	
Dec 20 2008 	Loved Chelsea Savoy	My daughters and I spent a long weekend at the Chelsea Savoy a couple of weeks ago. It was great - very clean, nice and roomy, quiet, a great street with great deli, grocery, pharmacy, etc. all nearby. It is between 2 subway stops, very convenient.The breakfast was good with delicious pastries, muffins and good coffee. Another friend was in a nearby chain hotel and paid 3 times as much for less room, and no breakfast! I will stay there again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Horrible Service but Great Location	I'll start off by saying the Chelsea Savoy is in a great location and was completely convenient for our walk to FIT. It also is close to the subway stations and has decent little shops and restaurants around it. However, the customer service was absolutely horrible! I've never felt so UNWELCOME in a hotel. The staff never greets you when you walk in and when we approached the front desk to ask questions, we even received dirty looks (and this was before they knew what our question was!)! It didn't matter what crew was working either, they were all rude! Our room keys got deactivated multiple times and in order to activate one they must give you a whole other set of keys (very frustrating when you're in a hurry). One big aspect that added to this was when we first arrived it was too early to get in our room so we checked our luggage and ventured off. When we came back, the staff member brought down the cart filled with our luggage and left it there for us to take up ourselves! Mind you, we are 3 younger women left with over 150 pounds of luggage to take up to the rooms. We are very capable of doing it, but I've never been to a $300/night hotel that has left this task for the guests to finish.To sum up, the location was convenient for this particular trip, but the service has helped me decide that I will never book the Chelsea Savoy again!	
Nov 3 2008 	Perfect for our NY stay.	My husband and I walked by this hotel the last time we were in NYC and due to its perfect location we decided that we would stay here the next time. And so we did. The hotel is clean and cheap by NYC standard and it has everyting you need. We loved that the room had a little fridge. Rooms are not large by american standard, but compared to average rooms in Europe, the size is great. The so called breakfast is so-so, but it doesn't matter as there are plenty of nearby places to have breakfast. There are also many good restaurants and bars within walking distance and the area seams very safe. You can easily walk to most tourist attractions during the day. The only problem is the traffic noise, but I guess that that's the case in most NYC hotels.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great spot for the price	My husband and I had booked into the Hotel Chelsea (aka the Chelsea Hotel) for 6 nights in September. It is half a block down from the Chelsea Savoy Hotel, but were so disgusted with the place that I spent almost two hours online and calling around the next morning to find another reasonably price hotel. I despondently walked down the block to get a coffee and stumbled upon the Chelsea Savoy Hotel. I walked in and found a clean lobby and friendly staff. They only had a smoking room available for the first night, but a king, non-smoking room was available for the rest of our stay. I checked out the smoking room and was pleasantly surprised to find a room with new carpet, nice furnishings including a mini fridge, a great bathroom and best of all, no smell of smoke. We stayed there the first night, then moved to the king, non-smoking room the next day. The beds were firm, the rooms quite and the water hot. Perfect for the price of $185 for the queen room and $205 for the king room. The rate also included coffee/tea and pastries each morning. We grabbed a bagel and tea/coffee on our way out--fresh, warm and wonderfully chewy bagels. The front desk staff was particularly helpful, taking me up to see several rooms when I first arrived, to assisting with directions, shopping suggestions, luggage storage and more. It is not a 4 or 5 star hotel, but overall, we had a great experience and would definitely recommend the Chelsea Savoy (NOT the Hotel Chelsea--run from this place!) to anyone looking for reasonably priced accommodation in a great location.	
Oct 16 2008 	Dingy noisy no frills but inexpensive hotel in a great neighborhood	I actually did not stay at the Chelsea Savoy, but I booked it for a business colleague. The main reason to choose this hotel is the location and a super-cheap price for this fabulous area of the city. Be prepared, though: room was small and sort of dark and dingy, and extremely noisy. (When I asked for room at the quiet side of the hotel, the staff person said any side would be noisy.) I've stopped in there a number of times (I live in the area), and have found the level of service inconsistent. If you are on a budget, and not going to spend time in the room, this may be the hotel for you. Bring ear plugs.	
Oct 8 2008 	This place RIPS YOU OFF!!!	I booked/reserved my room 1 month in advance and was quoted a rate of $185. When I arrived They were charging me $265.When I complained that that was not the rate I was quoted ONE MONTH BEFORE WHEN I RESERVED. A woman that should be fired and who said she is the ONLY one who takes reservations...said &quot;you don't have a reservation...oh wait...you booked it yesterday...oh wait you did book it one month in advance but I did not take that reservation and so it is the rate I am telling you. You want to stay somewhere else...fine be my guest&quot; When I asked to speak to a Manager I was told &quot;There are no managers&quot;. I am not making this stuff up.So...If you don't mind a staff that could care less that you live or die and is willing to steal your money. You should stay here.Don't believe me? Read a few of the other reviews here.Since there seems to be nothing else I can do about this I guess I am trying to do what I can to let others know.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good value great location	I was looking for a good, clean hotel near the Fashion Institute and was very happy with my choice of The Chelsea Savoy. The rooms are small, but then most are in NY unless you are willing to spend a lot (more) money. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were redone a few years back. Each morning they provide coffee, tea, hot choc and assorted breakfast danishes and bagels, which beats having to get dressed to go out and get that wake-up cup of coffee. There is a subway stop directly across the street and Penn Station is a short walk. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.	
Sep 3 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	This was the first time I stayed at this hotel and was very impressed with the service and cleanliness. The room I stayed at had 2 beds and was very large and even had a small refrigerator. Price was very reasonable considering what some hotels in New York get. Very good location near subways and restaurants. Staff was very accommodating. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	Down Right RUDE Front Desk Staff!!!!	RUDE RUDE RUDE front desk staff. My first and last time staying there. The girl who waited on me should find another job cause she sure seems miserable there. Not to mention the nasty and dirty carpet in the rooms. I also payed for the internet service they provide and it only worked 1/4 of the time.	
Aug 12 2008 	Yankees Fan	A friend told my family about the 10 Best Cheapest Hotels in N.Y. So I went online, read some reviews and booked a couple of rooms at the Chelsea Savoy. That was the first week in July . We returned to N.Y. the first week in Aug. and the Chelsea Savoy had no vacancies. My next trip to N.Y. we will stay at the Chelsea Savoy. Our rooms were very nice &amp; clean. Great location.	
Aug 11 2008 	Exellent Hotel!	We just stayed at the Chelsea Savoy for 3 nights, and the experience was just plain awesome! This hotel is perfectly located near everything, cab rides are cheap, and the subway stations are all within about 1 block. The service was great, and the room exceeded our expectations. Very clean, air conditioned and the newspapers waiting for us at our door every morning was a great added touch. The complimentary pastries and coffee in the lobby every morning was just the icing on the cake, it was an excellent way to start our day. This is going to be a yearly trip for us from now on and we will definitely be staying at the Savoy again. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York and is looking for an affordable, clean place to stay.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel Great Value	I got a recommendation from a friend about this hotel. I took her word for it and made reservations. This hotel was great. I booked last minute and got a nicely maintained hotel. The lobby is kind of small, but the rooms are nice and spacious with AC/heater. It has a convenient location, right next to the 23rd street station downtown. Cross the street and you're at the uptown station. The staff was also very courteous and was able to answer all of my questions. The Chelsea Savoy Hotel also has complimentary breakfast and coffee and USA Today and the New Yorker (I'm pretty sure) newspapers delivered at your doorstep.However, I got a 2nd floor room right on the corner of 23rd and 7th and it got noisy at times. Also, the cable doesn't work too well and there aren't many channels. But, this is NYC! Why watch TV when there's a whole city outside?All in all, I gave this hotel a 5/5 for service, appearance, comfort, and value. Top notch hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	My least favorite NYC Hotel	The positive: if you're looking for a hotel in a convenient location, you can't beat this place -- it's within steps of the 1 and 9 subways, and if you're a downtown type, it's a great launching point. The room was clean, and, for a NYC hotel, the bathroom was enormous. The staff leaves newspapers at your door (USA Today and the New York Post). The rest: Just because a place is a budget hotel doesn't mean it has to be completely uncomfortable. The room smelled like paint (and it also smelled musty). The bed and pillows were terribly uncomfortable. The coffee and danish they serve each morning couldn't have been more unappealing. The hotel contracts its internet service, and for $9.95/day, I had the opportunity to have a non-functional internet connection (I was in a room that had a very poor wireless signal). For a $100 deposit I could have had a &quot;booster&quot; attached to my macbook. Fortunately, there was a Starbucks across the street, and I could easily and reliably check my email and the like there. On TV, while I don't go to NYC to watch television, I was still appalled by the poor reception and lack of cable choices. It's the worst of any hotel I've visited (budget or otherwise) in NYC.Concerning the front desk staff, while I don't care about their being my new best friends, this crew was downright surly. I had originally checked in for six nights; I left after two. I've stayed in some pretty lousy hotels in NYC, but this wins the prize for the worst. I would never stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008	It's all you need	I've stayed here twice now, and will probably not bother looking for any other hotel in Manhattan. My take on this place is the same as the others who liked it, so I won't bother repeating the same information. Both times I made my reservations over the phone and got the same price and type of room as quoted. As for the staff, they're not overly friendly but are polite and do what's asked of them. If you need to be pampered go somewhere else, but you're going to be paying a lot more than you would here.	
Jun 27 2008 	Very Happy With Chelsea Savoy	Best Value In New York,I searched many hotels on the net before deciding on this one.The others at or below this hotels price had many bad comments on many feed back sites that frankly turned me off.We arrived early and the staff kindly stored our luggage for us so we could go see the city.When we arrived late that night we checked in fast,got our luggage and went to our room. It was very large and modern by New York Budget Hotel Standards including the use of a Key Card. Yes the room was basic &quot;Ikea&quot; type furnishings and one Picture on the wall. Also Very Clean with no sign of ever having any pest problems. The Bathroom was modern,very clean and a normal size ( Large by NY Budget hotel standards) also included Soaps,Shampoo and Lotions . Individual climatecontrols also a big plus.Subway stop right on the same corner ( Red Line). Two Freenewspapers at your door in the MorningThe continental Breakfast was suitable with Donuts,Muffins,Flavored and Butter Croissants ( the addition of some Simple Fruits would be the only improvement I might suggest to the management [apples oranges and bananas].)Reg. and decaf Coffee,Tea Hot Choc. The stated time was 8-10am but they had it up and running at 7:15 am when we left for the Day.Yes I could hear street noise in our street side room but ony when the AC cycled off for short periods of time. And I suspect that this would be common in NYOn our last day we left our luggage with them again so we could finish our sight seeing. We returned in the late afternoon and got our luggage with no problems.The Chelsea Savoy help make our, 3 day 2 night Trip To NYC very pleasant,I would suggest the hotel to any one or family looking for a decent Budget priced hotel in NYC.Calling directly using the Toll Free Number on the web Site is a Good way to make reservations	
Jun 6 2008 	May 2008 $195 per night..	I booked this room last minute, three days before depature, Rm 503. Great location. This room directly overlooked 23rd street. It was noisey and you constantly heard traffic, shouting ; ect. I'd highly recommend call the hotel directly for reservations. I filled out the online reservation form twice and got no reply. dont even think about checking in early. From what I understand, check out is late and the maid staff also comes in late. My room wasnt ready until 2pm and this was on a friday check in. The breakfast: I read many comments like..&quot;great coffee&quot; , &quot;mmm coffee out of this world&quot; ect ... but it tasted like standard generic coffee to me. Dont execpt eggs, pancakes... its all bread items , sweet and non sweet. Hotel had a hard time keeping bread and coffee stocked!Room 503 is double bed , with TV , air con and a private bathroom. Right across from the elevator. The room was clean and smelled nice. My bathroom light didnt work when I finally checked in and it was changed in under 10 minutes. This is a nice location between the subway #1 and C,E train lines. I'd highly recommend the bake shop on the corner of 8th &amp; 23rd. There are plenty of places to eat around the hotel (boston market, cuban resturant; ect) but I liked the mango/papaya spot that was diagonal across (23 &amp; 7th).	
May 20 2008 	great	Stayed in the Chelsea Savoy and thought it was brilliant. I thought I was going into a horrible place, but it was lovely. spotlessly clean, 2 papers outside your door every morning, staff always polite and very helpful. Have seen some reports on this hotel from Tripadivsor and I dont know where they can get their views.I always bring my own pillow and sheets with me. But when I seen the rooms and inspected the bed in this hotel they stayed in my case. SPOTLESS. Breakfast is not provided but go down to the lobby and you have all the coffee [ beautiful] and Danish you want. You cannot fault this hotel in it's price bracket. Everything is whitin 15 mins and it's clean, spotless, the staff are brilliant. Going back to New York in December and will be staying at the Chelsea Savoy,if there is room. So cheap and so comfortable and for me,,,,,,,,,so clean. Stay there. Basic...... but lovely.	
May 11 2008 	great hotel would highly recommend	My friend and I have just returned from spending 8 nights at Chelsea Savoy. Speaking from my friend and my point of view we were more than happy with the hotel. Rooms are a good size as are bathrooms. Beds were very comfortable, good wardrobe space, plenty of hot water, tho shower pressure not too strong. My only quibble was that there were not too many power points, european visitors remember american adaptor. Rooms were cleaned daily. Hotel does not do b.fast but free v. good coffee, bagels and muffins in lobby from 8am, and plenty of delis and coffee shops in area. Contrary to other reviewers I found reception staff very friendly and helpful. Most are of Polish nationality and couldnt be nicer. To my horror I cracked a tooth on my first night, reception staff were super, located a dentist and Ava, one of staff, even offered to give me her appt. with her dentist!! All in all I would recommend the Chelsea Savoy/ Location is great, subway stop outside the door, great shopping on 16th, 17th sts between 5th and 8th avenue, esp. Loehmanns. Also on 6th Ave. and 23rd, 2 mins from hotel there is a superb organic wholefood market.!! Fab market selling cooked and raw food and products, we ate from there a lot. Cant wait to go back and will defnitely stay at Chelsea Savoy again.	
Apr 19 2008	Not for sensitive types	Staff was unsmiling and all business. No sense of warmth whatsoever. There is one foreign accented woman at the front desk who was extremely rude to me when I asked her for help after I checked out.	
Mar 18 2008 	would stay again	WE just spent 5 days at the Savoy. Great location! close to subways, walking distance to Time Square. Lots to do all around the neighborhood. Simple, clean and reasonable hotel. I stayed here a few years back for 2 nights, and I would stay again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Value	After reading other reviews, we had some concerns, but we had a great time. Not the Hilton, but a great value for travelers who want to spend travel budget monies on something besides the room. The room was clean, seemed recently remodeled, bathroom was beautiful. Complimentary soaps, shampoo, etc, which I did not expect for the price. Complimentary continental breakfast was not much, but saved us time and money. Location was great, on the same corner as subway stop, and only a $4.90 cab ride back from Times Square. Probably walking distance to Times Square for those who like to walk. Front desk staff was friendly, and had our reservation at the quoted price, no suprizes. They were unable to extend check out, but did not kick us out when we were still packing at official check out time. Definately will recommend.	
Oct 16 2007 	Loved it!!	I have stayed at several other &quot;budget&quot; hotels in the city, and have never been as happy as I was that the Chelsea Savoy. Quiet, clean, extremely affordable for NYC, easy access to subway, continental breakfast every morning, 2 newspapers delivered to your door Monday-Friday, small fridge in room, private bathroom, soft beds, laundromat just 2 blocks away (very helpful for long stays), helpful and curtious front desk, and free luggage storage. If you looking for a basic place to stay, that's quiet, clean, affordable, and easy access to all the city has to offer, this is the place. I plan on staying here again very soon.	
Oct 14 2007	Good hotel	Positive: large and clean rooms, very good location (some steps from subway);Negative: some of people staff are unhelpful; bad lightning in the room	
Sep 26 2007 	Nothing Fancy But Very Clean 	This was my first trip to New York and I was not sure what to expect. Turns out I love New York and the Chelsea Savoy is actually a great hotel.I went with 2 friends and we looked at MANY hotels online trying to decide which to pick. The hotel was so reasonably priced compared to others I thought there had to be something wrong and we'd find out it was actually a really scarey place when we got there. I am happy to report our experience was really good. The room was #609. The hotel is not fancy at all, but it was clean and our room had space to spare with 2 double beds and one fold away bed we had asked for. The bathroom was a good size and had lots of counter space. The closet also was a good size and had a safe in it. The room did seem to have an odor of some kind....Like a new carpet smell...but we had no problems with it.Each morning we had newspapers outside our door and the coffee and pastry found in the lobby were nice to have when getting ready to face the day.The staff were friendly and efficient. They held our luggage after our checkout on the last day until we were ready to go to the airport.I know I'll be back to New York and I know I'll stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great stay at the Chelsea Savoy!	We have just come back from a four night stay at the Chelsea Savoy and faulting our experience would be difficult. The rooms were spacious and clean with a great view looking over 7th avenue. The location was perfect for us as it was a short walk to Times Square, Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building and 5th Avenue shopping. The Staff were helpful and organized taxi’s, excursions and recommended some great restaurants within Chelsea. We were also pleasantly surprised by the breakfast which consisted of pastries, muffins, tea and coffee. We were also able to check out a little later due to our afternoon flight. Overall a very pleasant stay and next time we are in New York we shall be staying there.	
Sep 22 2007 	Cheap Decent but not without problems	When I stayed, most other hotels nearby were booked so I was happy to find a hotel for around $250 a night. I stay in NYC almost every month so I know it can be hard to find a good hotel for that price and I wasn't expecting too much. I had read previous reviews talking about a strong smell but they were from June/July so I figured by August the smell would be gone! The room was basic and clean and actually quite spacious by NY standards. I think the ceilings are higher than normal too. No flat screen tv, just a regular one, but I don't come to NY to watch TV! The main problem was that the room smelled like it was freshly painted. It was STRONG! On top of that there were flies in the room (presumably because they had the window open to air it out but the screen had a hole in it so flies came in). I have almost no sense of smell so it didn't bother me that much, but my friend is very sensitive to things like that and kept having to go downstairs every hour or so to &quot;air out.&quot; We asked down at the desk and the woman there said it hadn't been painted recently. Later, after a shift change, we asked the guy at the desk and he said it HAD been painted. He said we could switch rooms the next night but would have to switch back for the night after that - not worth the hassle so we stayed put, left the window open (with a magazine covering the hole). What sucks is that the Chelsea Savoy could be an awesome hotel (instead of just average) with just a little more attention to detail. It's in a great location (just doors down from the famous Chelsea Hotel) and it's within walking distance of tons of restaurants. I would stay there again. It's a good value for the money (just watch out for the paint smell). Hopefully, it will be aired out by the time you have to stay there!	
Sep 6 2007 	Basic Hotel Great Value for NYC	Finding a good reasonable priced hotel in NYC can be challenging. We usually stay in mid-town, but the prices of hotels in mid-town has increased quite a bit. We decided to stay in Chelsea and we found the Chelsea Savoy Hotel for less than $200 a night (unusual for NYC). The hotel was a basic hotel, much like a Holiday Inn. What we found the rooms were clean and roomy for NYC standards. The bathroom was larger than most hotels we have stayed in mid-town. The staff was friendly enough and they were always happy to store your luggage. There is a continential breakfast included with the room, but it looked rather sad so we only had some coffee. We had a great breakfast at the restaurant &quot;Cafeteria&quot; on 17th St. &amp; 7th Ave. The location of the hotel is great, 23rd St. &amp; 7th Ave. It is a safe &amp; convenient neighborhood. There is the 1,2,3 subway lines right outside the hotel door or a block away at 8th Avenue is the A, C, E lines. Whether we were walking or taking the subway, it was easy to get around the city. What we really loved being in Chelsea was the many great restaurants and bars at reasonable prices. If you like shopping there are many stores and the Chelsea flee market is on the weekends. For the price and the location of this hotel we look forward staying here again.	
Aug 27 2007	Terrific place for the price!	We just returned from spending 3 nights at the Chelsea Savoy - we stayed there during &quot;Welcome Weekend&quot; for Parsons, the New School for Design (college freshman orientation), so there was naturally a lot of walking and possession-schlepping going on. In the evenings, we just wanted to collapse in a decent room - and we really did choose an ideal place.Our room featured a king-sized bed (2 feather pillows on it, 2 foam pillows in the closet), small refrigerator (genius), tiny safe, iron/ironing board, TV and remote. Bathroom had little containers of shampoo/conditioner, body lotion, etc. - which surprised me. Bathroom also had a make-up mirror and an in-the-wall hairdryer - nice touches, reminiscent of a higher-priced hotel. Two things to note about the bathroom: the sound of the toilet flushing is VERY loud, and there are no facial tissues provided. Also, be aware that the water pressure in the shower is pretty weak, although the termperature is great.&quot;Continental breakfast&quot; is bagels/muffins/pastries in the lobby with pots of coffee - absolutely nothing fancy (for one thing, there are no tables or anything, so you bring stuff back to your room), but welcome nonetheless. The one ice machine in the hotel is also on the lobby floor.Front desk staff is helpful and courteous. There are no bellmen, per se, but we were asked if we needed help with our bags, so presumably someone could have helped us if we'd needed it. Housekeeping is efficient - we never saw them, but our room was spotless every night when we returned. The hotel is at 23rd Street between 7th and 8th Avenue, right in the middle of Chelsea, and pretty close to midtown. Lots of interesting stores, decent restuarants, etc. nearby, and of course a cab ride can take you pretty much anywhere you want to go in New York.The best part of our Chelsea Savoy experience was that we only paid $203 per night - WITH tax! For that price, a very nice room indeed. For New York City, an amazing deal to boot.	
Aug 15 2007 	Watch out for EXTRA CHARGES	I planned a nice getaway for my boyfriend and I for August 2nd and we arrived to only find that we had no reservations for the night. They redirected us to the other Chelsea Hotel down the street. We decided to go back to the Chelsea Savoy Hotel to ask again if the reservations were there and they claimed that none were to be found under my name. So we decided to stay the night. The rooms are not a bargain for the price you pay. They are very casual and low-class for a New York City stay. A month later, after receiving my credit card statement, I had found that they charged another 224 dollars for a stay for the next night. When calling them, I found that we DID have reservations but for the next day, which we failed to cancel because they said that our reservations never existed. As a very disatisfied customer, I wanted to know if any compensations could be made. Monica, who claimed to be the manager, blamed the whole situation on us. After retelling my dilemma again and again, she finally said that Debbie (I guess the rightful manager) was to return on the 25th, she could perhaps make some arrangements. I think that this is truly an unfair trade for what turned out to be an unromantic night in a cheap hotel. If you are to stay here, watch out for their ways with money. They are not on your side.	
Aug 5 2007 	Hilton Prices Motel 6 treatment !!!	Hello everyone. I'm not writing to trash this hotel, however, I must tell the truth. I called to inquire on a room with a queen-sized bed and I was quoted $195/night. Upon checking into the hotel I was charged $250/night and since I had no written proof of the original phone quote (my fault) hotel management would not budge. My partner and I both thought the room was clean, however, the overcharging tainted our view of the overall experience.If you're going to stay here, make sure you get an email or fax confirming the rate you're given on the phone.p.s. the free continental breakfast consists of day-old muffins and dried out bagels. My partner took one sip of the coffee and threw the rest of the cup out.	
Jul 30 2007 	All the basics in a great location at a great price	All the basics are here: cleanliness, 100% functional bathroom (with plenty of sink-area counter space stocked with soaps, shampoo, conditioner, mouth wash), functioning electrical outlets and appliances, tv with remote, mini-refrigerator, clock radio, picture over the bed, air conditioner, comfortable bed, front desk staff who were helpful (and didn't have long lines), tasty breads for complimentary breakfast. I arrived at 11 am (before my room was ready)--but storing my bag was no problem: they took it right away and (in the afternoon) retrieved it very quickly, offering it to me with a ready smile.Location was great--roughly a ten-minute walk to Penn Station along Seventh Avenue. The 23rd Street station on the Seventh Avenue Subway was right at the corner.And . . . would you believe I got a room rate of $99 (plus tax)?Keep in mind that this was not a room for picky travelers. When I booked it, the clerk warned me that it was next to the elevators. I didn't hear any noise from the elevators (and the room was very quiet in general), but the room (#519) did have an unusual shape to accommodate the space for the elevators. The room didn't seem large, but I didn't feel cramped. Just inside the room is a conventional (but small) bathroom and an alcove for the apparently queen-size bed. As you keep walking farther into the room, you have a corridor-like extension (maybe 4 feet wide, roughly). Walk down that for roughly 10 feet, and you get to the closet. Just beyond the closet is a small window. The view is just part of the hotel and some nearby buildings--not very impressive. The air conditioner was a bit noisy--but I've experienced that problem elsewhere and, despite it, I slept well.Also, I noticed some scuff marks on the walls. In the lobby, the covering on the couch had some tears.For me, those issues were not important. I didn't visit Manhattan in order to be a room inspector. I wanted a place to stay that was conveniently located, comfortable, functional, and clean--with staff that would facilitate my arrival and departure.	
Jul 22 2007 	Couldn't Recover from Problems	We've stayed at the Chelsea Savoy three times prior to our stay in July of 2007, and it always worked fine. It's a clean, safe, decent-sized room hotel in Chelsea. This time, we booked the room for a non-smoking king at $195 a night. That's a great price for NYC, and especially in a good location.However, upon getting to the room, we started having problems. As other travelers have noted, they've recently changed the carpet, and the smell is not at all subtle (at least on the 2nd floor it's not.) You do get used to the smell, but it smells none the less. And, for those with a good sense of smell, it would likely be almost too strong to deal with. The next issue we had was that our air conditioner didn't work. They sent the maintenance guy up to look at it. All he did was dial the temp down to 60deg and say it was &quot;Work OK.&quot; Nevermind the error code that was flashing on the display, or that 60deg is too cold to tolerate. They couldn't move us, because there were no other rooms in the hotel. Finally, the staff just didn't care - at all. Yes, I realize it's New York, and we're not paying for a 4-star hotel, but they could at least show some shred of empathy, or apologize, but nope! SO, after all this, we're done with the Savoy. IF you get a room that has no problems, and isn't right on the corner of 23rd and 7th, then you'll be a lucky guest. But, if your room stinks, or has an issue, you'll realize it's time to check out somewhere else...Good luck!	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Place to stay!!	This was our first time in NYC doing the site seeing and was a bit worried about what we would find. I scoured this site along with other review sites for a decent inexpensive hotel. This hotel was great for the price and location being close enough to times square but quiet and peaceful enough for a goodnights sleep AND being next to a subway! The hotel's front entrance was small but much larger on the inside. the room we stayed in was a double with a very clean private bathroom. The bed linen was changed everyday along with a copy of two newpapers (one being the new york times) delivered every morning and doughnuts and coffee in lobby in the morning. I had I think one of my best ever nights sleep in this place. If I had to complain about anything it would be the missing power button on the TV, but thats really nothing to complain about at all. Most interestingly we discovered a fridge in our room on our way out! The staff were very accomodating and helpful. I will definitely try to book this hotel again when I head to new york city.	
Jul 2 2007 	Terrific hotel found on Trip Advisor	After combing Trip Advisor reviews, searching online and hotel websites for inexpensive NYC hotel, we booked this hotel for visit. It was perfect. Front staff were always more than helpful and cleaning staff also very pleasant. We arrived early and very easy to leave our bags. Were advised that room would be available early - about 1:30 rather than the technical 3:00 check in. The room - especially for NYC was huge. (#514 is a terrific double. Even had little refrigerator in one of the cabinets). It was in the back, off the street front and quiet. New carpet throughout hotel. Very clean, new bathrooms. Looked in other rooms each day being cleaned. All were in excellent shape and some with quirky shapes. Ranged from typically small, singles (one double bed) to larger. Continental breakfast was good coffee, refreshed regularly, good assortment of bagels, croissant, etc. Served in small lobby area with limited seating, but not a problem. Could also take to the room, but I enjoyed overhearing conversations in Italian, Spanish, Russian - who knows. Visitors seemed a mix of young, older, and families with children. Location (next to famous Hotel Chelsea) was perfect with access to subway at each corner, wonderful walking area. Would look forward to staying at Hotel again. I believe their prices might be increasing, so double check. But still a very good NYC value. Have stayed in more expensive, less quality.	
Jul 1 2007 	Convenient clean and affordable New York location	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. It is conveniently situated on the corner of 23rd St and 7th Ave. Travel to all of NYC is convenient: travel up or downtown by subway just outside the hotel, with a cross town bus on 23rd street. It is a relatively small hotel. quiet, clean, efficient and importantly, for New York City, great value for the prices charged. However, there is no meal service. There are many restaurants and coffee shops within walking distance, I had no trouble finding a room at short notice about a year ago, but found this year that rooms were booked well in advance, and cannot be relied on at short notice. The staff` are courteous. This is an unpretentious, quiet, clean, and conveniently situated hotel offering basic services for a very affordable price.	
Jun 10 2007 	Large rooms clean low key	This place would be just average for me but my room was rather large (but dark). It was clean with a decent bathroom. Coffee and bagels and muffins are served in the lobby in the AM. The wireless internet is reasonable. Aesthetically, the place is bland. But I had plenty of room to spread out in, it was clean and the location was great.	
Jun 7 2007 	clean 	Flew to New York on a whim without hotel reservations. Remembered seeing this hotel on line, luckily they had a room available. We couldn't have been happier for what we paid. The hotel has recently installed new carpeting, was very clean &amp; the location was very convinient. After calling several hotels &amp; getting quoted over $300.00, we felt lucky to have found this one for $225.00. They also offer a contiental breakfast. Would definately stay here again.	
Jun 5 2007 	Nice Little Hotel...Would Stay Again	My husband and I were visiting a friend in Chelsea for the weekend for a holiday party. We decided to stay at a hotel as our friend already had about 8 of our other friends staying at her apartment. We wanted to stay near her and remain within our budget of $250-300. Because it was December, all our first choices were either a) booked or b) too pricey. After reading the reviews on this site, I decided to book at the Chelsea Savoy. We paid $225 per night. If I visited during a more off-season time, I would have definitely expected to pay less. We arrived Friday night to a quick check-in. However, I must say that when checking into a hotel I don't really expect the staff to totally go out of their way to put a smile on my face. Just a simple hello and some general courteousness will do. And, this is just what we received here. No problems. Our room was right by the elevators facing the street and it didn't bother me in the least. A few honking horns here and there but hey this is NYC! :) The room was about average size for the city and pretty tidy. I bill myself as a clean freak and didn't run into any problems. Enough room for one standard bed and two nightstands, desk and entertainment center. Our bathroom was clean and there were a few nicely scented soaps and shampoos for us to use. The hotel offered coffee, tea, bagels and pastries in the AM. We dined at Le Zie one night, right around the corner, which was great! Fabulous food but be prepared to be seated within inches of your neighbor (again, typical in the city). Also, we checked out a nice wine store down the street past Le Zie, cannot remember the name... All in all, we had a great time. The hotel was perfect for what we needed. The area has a great selection of food, pharmacies, close to the subway, etc. I would stay here again in a second and highly recommend it. Hope this helped!Andi	
May 29 2007 	A bargain at half the price	While it may be true that proper planning is the key to a successful vacation, there usually exists an exception for the more spontaneous traveler. And in my experience, trip advisor has been an excellent tool for that very situation. So when I planned a last minute trip to Manhattan and wished to spend less than $300 a night, I found my options were limited but not completely hopeless. Or were they? The Chelsea Savoy had rooms available for (barely) under $300, a not-too-shabby review on this website, and, hey, the B-52s apparently stayed there. Unfortunately, the experience was tolerable at best but I will spare you a laundry list of disappointments, and summarize my complaints by saying simply that shower shoes are highly recommended.	
May 27 2007	nasty gross unhelpful staff	terrible experience !!!!!!! 259.00 for one night .. checked in late went straight to bed woke up went to use restroom found used CONDOM left in bathroom would not do anything to compensate no manager to help not helpful at all tryed using website to reach someone website not good after further looking around found hairs in bed and they were not mine have photos as proof but wont post !!!!!! BEWARE	
May 21 2007 	Not worth the money	Greeting staff not friendly at all. The hardest beds EVER. The worst Air Conditioning system EVER. Smell from carpet (maybe new) overwhelming. The bathrooms are designed horribly. Even the receptionon the TV leaves a lot to be desired. No room service or bar. HUGELY overpriced for what you get.	
May 13 2007	Great hotel super location	Stayed here for 5 nights in late April with some mates on a trip to meet with old friends. Our fifth floor non-smoking room was away from the road, and very quiet. Comfortable beds, clean bathroom, helpful frontdesk and housekeeping staff. The only gripe was that the carpets have just been replaced, so a pretty strong smell in the room which took some getting used to, but then we weren’t there for much more than sleeping.The Hotel’s location cannot be beaten in my opinion, all the major subways are within one block of the hotel, including routing directly to JFK airport. There’s a great bar right next door – Jack’s I think, and once again very friendly owner and staff. There are diners, bistros, restaurants, and even Starbucks all within 5 mins walk. The hotel provides free light breakfast; coffee with bagels, muffins, and pastries.I’ve stayed in some pretty grotty places on Manhattan, and even stayed in New Jersey to find a decent family hotel at a reasonable price. The Chelsea Savoy is the best value hotel I’ve stayed in on the island, I’d happily stay here again any time.If you’re planning on staying here, ask the hotel in advance for a room away from the road on the higher floors if you value peace and quiet.	
May 4 2007 	Great "cheap" NYC hotel	This is a great NYC hotel for people that are looking to spend a bit less in the city. The price was still a bit high, but worth it for the clean hotel room and great location! I had a great stay and was very happy with the hotel! Thank you!	
Apr 28 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous!!!	What a find!!! I had a modern very clean single room and only paid $99 plus taxes (low season deal). Who cares if the room was quite small and with hardly a view out the window. For this great price I had a comfy queen sized bed, my own bathroom (toiletries included) and cable t.v.The room was serviced daily, a basic light breakfast was provided and a newspaper left outside the door every morning!The location was ideal...the subway was close by and if you dont mind walking, it's not too far from the Theatre District, Midtown and Downtown. Overall, Chelsea is a great place to stay and really safe!!&quot;I thoroughly recommend the Chelsea Savoy Hotel'	
Apr 9 2007 	definitely will stay here again!	We absolutely loved the location, very near transit and close to the galleries. The rooms were small but immaculately clean. I felt like it was a bargain for the location.	
Feb 15 2007 	Clean and reasonable place to stay in Chelsea	We stayed in a room with a king size bed for Valentine's Day. The hotel was very clean and we felt safe. The room was small but the carpets were new and bed comfortable. The bathroom was updated with a marble vanity.  We wanted to stay within walking distance of the Martha Stewart studio, as we had tickets to her show the next day. It worked out perfectly and there is even complimentary coffee and pastries at 8am in the lobby of the hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Perfect Little Hotel	This website was so great in helping to plan my trip to NYC so I had to post a review! I found the Chelsea Savoy through a friend that used to live in NYC. What a great find! It's a small boutique style hotel with super friendly staff. They let us check in around 2 hours early and let us check out pretty late as well since our flight was in the middle of the afternoon.  The location is fabulous! It's about a 10 minute cab ride to Times Square and 20 minutes to Central Park. There were at least 3 subway entrances around the corner from the hotel also. Of course, there are a ton of restaurants near by. Overall, the location is really what sold me on this place.  I had read on this website about a breakfast place called Murray's, it's on 23rd &amp; 8th ave. It's wonderful! They have a tasty egg, sausage, cheese on a bagel sandwich. Go by there!	
Dec 1 2006 	Just what we were looking for	My best friend &amp; I stayed at this hotel from 29 Oct to 6 Nov. We were looking for somewhere clean &amp; not so expensive. Chelsea Savoy was great! Rooms were clean altho maybe there isnt much life left in the mattresses. They have used 'toppers' to cushion them &amp; they were comfy enuff to get a decent sleep. rolms arent huge but hey, we were just sleeping there &amp; spending all day out &amp; about so who cares?Location was great! On the corner of W23rd &amp; 7th with a great choice of places to have breakfast/ lunch or dinner.( check out the Malibu...&amp; tell 'sweetie' we said hi!) Pharmacy &amp; laundry all just a couple mins on foot.#1 subway line is 20 paces away from the front door or walk along 23rd for all of 5 mins to get to other lines. You'll be in Times Sq in just a few mins ..its only abt 3 stops. If u want &amp; feel energetic enuff, walk east along 23rd &amp; then up 6th or Broadway. You'll walk past the flat iron &amp; parks &amp; things. We're both in our 40's &amp; not what you'd call fit but we kept a nice pace &amp; walked all the way to the Empire State without needing to stop for a reviver!The neighborhood around the hotel felt safe enuff altho it always pays to have eyes in the back of your head &amp; be sensible.I'd certainly stay there again. I reckon its good value for money compared to other places nearer Times Sq etcStaff could do with a little more personality but then I didnt need to deal with them other than to check in &amp; out..This hotel should be on your short list for sure!	
Sep 15 2006 	Nice place but over rated for the price	I admit the location is GREAT and the hotel in general is fine. I think for the price though, that the reviews are a little high. We paid an average of 250/night on a Fri/Sat (with tax and all that) and felt the room itself was very dated and average. I have paid that much in NY and stayed in a much nicer hotel. I am not complaining about the place, just saying that I would expect it to be cheaper. I would recommend this place, but keep your expectations a little lower.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great place to stay for people who want to get around by foot bus and subway.	Good Points:The staff was always wonderful - whenever we interacted with them, they were cheerful, helpful and acted like they were glad to see us. Mind you, this is not a place to stay if you're high maintenance - no one is employed just to wait hand and foot on you. But when you need their help, they treat you like someone worthwile, not like a chore or a nuisance. Rooms were kept well cleaned without undue fuss. Location is another great point in this hotel's favor. It's on the corner of 23rd Street and 7th Ave., which puts it almost on top of one subway line, one block from another subway line, and also on a cross-town bus line which will get you to just about any other subway line you would want. In addition, with just a block or two walk, there are several restaurants, delis, a 99 cent store for that one item you forgot, a Ben and Jerry's (and a Baskin Robbins, if you insist), a drug store, an excellent gourmet grocery store called &quot;Garden of Eden&quot; (which I highly recommend visiting to put together a classy picnic of cheese, lox, bread, olives and fruit) and a couple of places to get souvenirs that you won't find on every single corner. As my husband puts it - you can get anything you need within a two block walk. My favorite part of the hotel stay? They provide lovely sandlewood soap with the toiletries. Bad Points:Internet access is available, but for a ridiculous price. When we went, it was about 4 dollars for thirty minutes or ten bucks a day. You have a couple of other options. There's a Tasti-D-Lite in (I swear) nearly every other block, and you can buy 10 minutes of time on their PC for a couple of bucks, which is just enough time to locate that one place you wanted to go that you forgot to note the address of. There are also $tarbucks everywhere but you have to pay for them as well if you don't already have an account. Your best bet if you bring a laptop is to head to Murray's Bagels for breakfast. Walk (west) to 8th Ave, then turn left and walk another half a block. On weekdays, get a LEO (lox, scrambled eggs and sauteed onion) on your favorite bagel and surf for free while you eat breakfast. I never actually saw a sign promoting their free internet (we got it word of mouth), but it netted them breakfast for two four days in a row. And the food is outstanding.The room was ok. We had two double beds and the bed we slept on sagged a bit in the middle and had a topper that shifted occasionally, but it was more nuisance than real hassle. I did find the layout poor for using the desk and the chair uncomfortable (but I never used a hotel room desk before laptops, either). The room has a tub, but they are really only giving lip service to the idea of actually taking a bath - it's too shallow for soaking, so you're better off just taking a shower. Final evaluation: great place to stay for people who want to get around by foot, bus and subway.	
Aug 1 2006	Great Find	The Chelsea Savoy was such a good find i almost don't want to give a great review so it's not booked up the next time we go to nyc. The 1 subway line is right next door , coffee and bagels in the lobby in the AM. Located right outside the Times Square area which is within walking distance down 8th. I asked for and received the most inexpensive room, it was small yet had a small fridge ,tv , phone (. 50 for a local call) it is a safe area that has people around the streets pretty much through the night . (saftey in numbers) Don't expect a view or ambiance yet a safe place to stay. There was no dresser in my room, had closet, ironing board ,iron, small safe , own bathroom. Clean!	
Jul 24 2006 	Best Kept Secret	There is honestly nothing you can say bad about the Savoy. I have stayed there for roughly 4 years and typically travel to NYC about 8 times a year. The saff hasnt changed much, which is nice, and they know me by name. For a decent 2 - 3 star place in midtown &amp; Chelsea - you can't beat the price. They now have wireless internet access which is a nice touch. The room is very basic, but they have been making upgrades to certian things like the internet access and toiletries, etc. I have read some of the reviews of this place and the ones that bash it - all I can say is &quot;Don't get mad if you booked and paid for a 2-3 star hotel and expected to get the Waldorf&quot; I love the Chelsea Savoy and have recommended it to all my friends. It is a great budget hotel, in a great area.	
Jul 19 2006 	Wonderful suprise	This was a girls' shopping, eating, theatre and tourist trip. There were four of us and we all wanted to stay in the same room. Had a great deal of difficulty finding a room in NYC to accomidate all of us without spending a king's ransom. The Chelsea Savoy was the answer! The room was clean, well air conditioned and very comfortable. The location was convenient to all parts of the city. Plan on staying there again.	
Jun 22 2006	Perfect location for exploring NYC	We picked the Chelsea Savoy on the basis of reviews here on TripAdvisor. We were stuck with getting a hotel at the last minute, due to having booked an apartment and then having to cancel it [after reading the reviews of the apartment here on TA]. Well, I couldn't have been happier with this hotel. It really is in a perfect location for exploring this beautiful and totally fantastic city. The hotel itself is bordering on basic, but it is spotlessly clean, very well serviced daily, with ample towels and free toiletries etc. The hotel doesn't serve food, but there is a free breakfast bar of coffee and danish each morning, and Monday thru Friday, a comp copy of USA Today is left outside your room door. The beds were extremely comfortable, I had a room to myself, with a big queen size bed...wonderful to get into after a hard day walking round the city!There are plenty of amenities close to the hotel itself..a deli next door, plenty of diners, including the wonderful [if tackily named Malibu] serving cheap meals in jumbo size portions. Honestly, breakfast in the Malibu is enough to keep you going all day, for about $8. If you choose to stay here, don't miss an evening meal in the East of Eighth cafe, with its garden restaurant. Wonderful setting, and again, great value with dinners running about $15 to $25 with a drink. Its on 24th street, a block from the hotel. A few minutes walk brings you to the bargainhunting daddy of them all, Filene's Basement, which has TJ Maxx upstairs [TK Maxx in the UK and Ireland]. Ralph Lauren shirts for $20 dollars! And its also worth noting that there is no sales tax on clothes or shoes under $110 in NY as of last April. I'm intending to go back and explore NY some more next year, and I'll definitely consider staying at this hotel again. The only real gripe I had [and its not the hotel's fault] is the 3 different taxes added on to the bill...a $185 room becomes a $213.45 a day. Some difference, adding $170 to the bill. For a city that is still trying to woo back tourists, the State could maybe give some consideration to the high cost of hotels in the city?Thank you to all the lovely and wonderful people that we came across in New York, who were all without exception, kind-hearted, considerate and very welcoming.	
Jun 13 2006	Ideal location	Easy access to the subway, plus being able to walk to many sites make the Chelsea Savoy an ideal place for any first timer visiting New York. The only suggestion I have is to change the shower head. The bathroom was very nice, well appointed, but the shower head did not spray well. Other than that, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would be happy to stay there again.	
Jun 6 2006	Great value and location for exploring NYC	My friend and I flew into Manhattan on Thanksgiving day and stayed at the Chelsea Savoy for four nights. We picked the hotel based on reviews from this site and couldn't have been happier with our choice. The location is excellent- very close to restaurants, bars and several subway stations. Our room was spacious and clean. No frills, but still very nice. The front desk staff weren't overly friendly, but were gracious enough to offer to call a car service for us. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel- perfect place to sleep and clean up before exploring the city. Can't beat it for the price.	
Jun 1 2006 	Perfect Business Hotel	I've stayed at the Chelsea Savoy several times on business trips to NYC. The hotel is no-frills, but very nice. The front desk staff is friendly and is aware of who all of the guests are - they recognize you when you come and go, which is nice as you don't fear that there are any non-guests lingering. The rooms are small. The hotel is fairly quiet at night, despite the bustling city outside. It is clean, well air-conditioned (I've stayed there only in the summers), and is in a location fairly convenient to the metro - just a block away. There are good restaurants just around the corner, and a movie theater too. It is an awkward place to catch a taxi to go uptown, but to go downtown it is a perfect location. If you are going uptown, walk a block first so that you are headed in the right direction to begin with. The price is right and it is a perfect place to sleep (but not much else) in NYC.	
May 28 2006	Great Location Clean Rooms Friendly Staff	I've been staying at this hotel for many years when traveling to NYC for vacation. Rooms are clean, if small (but who can complain when you're spending so little to stay), and the staff are helpful and friendly. The location, in the hip Chelsea neighbourhood, has plenty of great restaurants, shopping (everything from Whole Foods to the designer discount store Loehmann's) and nightlife. Chelsea's a great &quot;home base&quot; to start exploring the rest of New York - Times Square and the Theatre District is a mere 20 minute walk away, Greenwich Village and the Meatpacking district are equally close, and Soho is walkable or a short cab ride . The subway line, a great method of traveling from the hotel to the other neighbourhoods, runs along 23rd.	
May 11 2006 	Good base of operations	I'm always on the search for affordable hotels close to my company's NY office. This has been the best one yet. Great price for the area, good location, plenty of restaurants, easy access (walking, subway, taxis) to rest of the city. Nothing fancy but clean and comfortable. Only complaint was the limited number of electrical outlets for recharging phones, Palm Pilots, etc. Had to get creative. However, for roughly half the cost of other hotels, it's a minor problem.	
Feb 1 2006	No frills but okay	We stayed in this hotel as part of a round the world trip with our two children (15 and 11) in December. We chose the hotel as part of a theatre ticket package, but were also looking for something which was central, comfortable and inexpensive. The location is good (next to the subway). Our stay was quite pleasant, we had a quiet (though fairly bland) room, and all in all we had no major complaints. We probably wouldn't have stayed here but for the theatre package though, and whereas I would be happy enough to stay here again I think there are probably other hotels in Manhattan which would have met our criteria to a higher degree.	
Jan 24 2006	Great deal quiet room good location	My daughter and I stayed here for my first trip to NYC (her second) we stayed 3 nights...I was surprized at first at how small the room was until I found out just how small all rooms in NYC are (In Boston we have larger rooms on average) we had a very quiet room...it was on the inside of the hotel....vew was just of some residential roof patios...who cared..we only slept here, and the location let us sleep very well and we woke up at 9AM 2 mornings. was clean, beds comfortable...slept very well. We walked or hailed a cab to places (Central Park, Broadway) but easily walked to these places....walked the neighborhood a bit and it was interesting all kinds of stores we find in suburbs are there for residents (it is basically a residential neighbor hood---in the $2000 range...a friend of my daughter paid $3000 for a one bedroom around the corner) Yikes! coffee and pastries wonderful...all the basics and was comfortable...all I wanted. The $ I saved I got to eat out more and saw a great show...and got cabs instead of subway. But the subway is just a few doors down. If you are going to NYC to see the place and need a resting spot and comfortable bed....in a good accessible area go here...and ask for a room not on the street if you can. (this street is no more noisy than ANY street I was on.) I had them store my luggage for the day I checked out...so we got to see more of the city for the afternoon before we got our bus out of the city at 7PM. That was great.	
Jan 23 2006	Great Little Hotel at a Decnt Price	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We found it to be well worth the money. Great location for branching out to all areas of the Manhattan. Subway station right outside too. If you intend to spend your time exploring the city and want a place thats clean to put your head down then this is for you.	
Nov 7 2005	Do not expect much	First the price is great for NYC in the high season. But only go realizing you are getting what you pay for. The location is for the knowledgable NYC visitor, otherwise you may find your self in a neighborhood you are not use to/comfortable with.The cleanliness comments from past reviews are a mystery to me. I did not see many signs of a housekeeping staff. the rooms are very tired, greatly in need of refurbishment.On the plus side, the front desk people are fine. And the coffee and pastry in the lobby in the morning are first rate. Also there are many nice little neighbood restaurants down 8th avenue, or the meatpacking district/chelsea market are not that far away. Also the location on the 1&amp;9 subway lines is also great. bottom line if price is the main factor, this is the place, but do not expect any more than what you are paying for.	
Nov 3 2005	A good choice	My wife and I stayed at the Chelsea Savoy for three nights. We found our room to be clean with a comfortable bed. The bathroom was fine, except for the paper-thin towels. The hotel sits on an extremely noisy intersection, with horns honking throughout the night. So don't expect tranquility. All in all, a fair value for the price.	
Sep 13 2005	Great Place!!! Perfect for enjoying the town.....	I have stayed at this hotel several times now and love the location. The hotel is clean and simple...no frills!!! I have always found the staff extrememly freindly and helpful, but maybe because I have stayed there 4 or 5 times now. I definitely recommend the Chelsea Savoy if you are looking for a simple, inexpensive place to sleep,rest and shower before exploring the town!!!	
Aug 16 2005	Great Place For NYC Visit	Stayed there w/my 2 teenage kids for their first ever NYC visit. We had a quad, w/a roll away bed. The double beds were incredibly comfortable-firm mattress w/a featherbed on top-very lux. The room was spacious, clean and quiet. The bathrrom was large, w/full size tub, completely tiled. Newspaper was delivered to our door on weekdays; brewed coffee and very good danish, muffins, rolls are provided in the lobby every AM. The staff was very helpful and friendly. BIG PLUS-our flights arrived early (8:30AM) and left late (7:30PM) and we were allowed to store our luggage AT NO CHARGE before check in and after check out. The location is great-Chelsea is a good, walking neighborhood w/shops, restaurants and clubs nearby, but the best was that the subway station was 2 doors down at the corner. Highly recommended and will be going back again .	
Jun 27 2005	Excellent Value Neighborhood and Clean	For work and pleasure, I travel to NYC frequently. I normally stay at a small, ridiculously cheap place in Chelsea, but this time was unable to find space there. Hence, I came to the Chelsea Savoy with some hesitations.Yet, for a NY hotel in this location the Chelsea Savoy is an excellent value. Our room was clean, surprisingly spacious, and a relative bargain. For the traveler not looking for perks and pampering, this is a terrific place.	
Jun 12 2005	Good price good location....	Good value for the money and an excellent location.Above the 7th Ave subway (23rd st) for the 1,2,3 &amp; 9 lines. One block either way to the V &amp; F or A,C &amp; E lines.Quiet neighbourhood.	
Jun 7 2005	Pleasant stay....	I had a pleasant stay at the Chelsea Savoy this past May,the staff was helpfull, the rooms were nice and clean , the location was also perfect--away from the tourists in Times Square.I would recomment this hotel to anyone wanting a more &quot;real&quot; New York City experience.	
Jun 7 2005	A pleasant place	This is a very nice hotel that I have been staying at for the past few years. Very convenient with subway right outside the door. Clean rooms and bathrooms. Quite roomy too, with a closet and iron. Rates are very reasonable for NYC. Highly recommended. Only hassle would be parking your car. Garages nearby are VERY expensive. I lucked out and found a spot nearby on 20th Street, just a five-minute walk. But prepare to search long and hard if you don't want to shell out 50 bucks a day to park in garage.	
Sep 28 2004	A Pleasant Surprise!		
Sep 10 2004	Dissapointed		
May 23 2004 	This hotel sucks but it doen't have to		
Apr 9 2004	Shhhhh! Don't tell anyone about this hotel		
Mar 2 2004	perfect stop.		
Feb 10 2004	Very Satisfied		
Jan 13 2004	Convenient location/clean rooms		
Jul 23 2003	Wonderful-very convenientcleanand cost effective		
Jul 3 2003	Your Kidding		
Jun 29 2003	Clean and Convenient		
Aug 26 2007	buon hotel comoda posizione		
