	Great deal amazing location and awesome service	The hotel is really unique and you get that sense from the minute you walk in. It has a friendly hipster vibe with a beautiful lobby and bar. At night it was a bit of a scene but rooms are very quiet. Stayed in a standard room with King size bed and was plenty big (especially by NYC standards). Bathroom was very modern but maintained the old charm of the building.I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a little different experience than your standard hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Cool trendy and very very black....	Interesting vibe and I loved the friendly but seriously casual (dress/speech/manner) cool staff. Room was just as shown on the website, liked it. Would recommend all, (especially the lobby scene full of cool young New Yorkers on their Applemacs,) with the exception of the dining set up which really wasnt yet sorted out, breakfast staffs attempts to provide hot tea were hilariously hopeless for example.	
Nov 17 2009 	Hipster hotel needs things that actually work	We had 2 different rooms in this hotel. I turned in a list of things that didn't work to the front desk but by far the most annoying is the air conditioning. There were 2 a/c units and 2 thermostats but both thermostats controlled only 1 A/C unit while the other just sat there. The decor is a welcome change from the normal hotel but so many annoyances can effect a trip; clocks had wrong time and were a mystery to change, bathroom supplies weren't refilled, hooks that don't hold towels, etc.	
Nov 4 2009 	My new favorite NYC hotel	LOVED the Ace. The staff was friendly and bent over backward to address small glitches -- it was hot in our room and within two minutes of our calling, the young woman who was working the front desk showed up at our door with a fan. Otherwise our room, a deluxe king, was extremely comfortable. Nice bed. Fun decor. Food in the newly opened Breslin restaurant was awesome. My husband called the front desk and they brought him a guitar to play for the weekend of our stay. The hotel lobby is quite a lively scene on weekend nights. But the guest floors are well sound-proofed against the lobby noise. And the lobby was a fun place to hang out and have a drink. I would also add that while the hotel has a decidedly young, hipster vibe, my 60-something parents, who also stayed, loved it. Oh, and the hotel staff were also very friendly to our dog, who was traveling with us.	
Nov 1 2009 	The Good with the Bad	Two of us stayed 4 nights, starting on a Friday. We booked on Quikbook. We opted for the bunk beds, as it was least expensive. Room 700 was very hot when we entered, and an engineer came to assess the situation, but he really didn't do anything. Room was very small, with no space for even a chair or desk, and we had to stow suitcases under the bottom bunk. Bathroom was good, with plenty of hot water, but no towel racks. No mirror above sink for shaving. Really a lot of money for so little room. With tax, the room rate was a bit over $300 per night. After the second suffocatingly hot night, we requested a transfer and were placed in 624, also with bunk beds but with a desk, chair, a bit of a view and a bigger bathroom. No reading lights at the beds, however, and almost no place to hang a shirt or jacket. Did like certain Ace touches, such as good free wi-fi, a place to plug your laptop into a radio for music, great towels, comfy mattress, nice duvets, plenty of hot water, nice in-room bath products. The young hipsters who worked there were uniformly nice and helpful. The lobby is a place to hang out, with a big library table, wi-fi, lots of seating and a cool vibe. You can order food and drinks. During CMJ music confab they had deejays at night,. The Stumptown Coffee place adjoining has great coffee, which is nice. The hotel is sort of nowheresville, with the immediate area dominated by perfume shops and handbag outlets. But its location makes it pretty easy to get anywhere. Short walk up to Herald Square, and down to Madison Square Park and Union Square.	
Oct 26 2009 	Awesome Hotel!!	Everything was great about the hotel except room temperature...it was too hot! The staff was wonderful. We got an upgrade when we arrived. True the rooms are dark but we didn't mind. Loved the decor and design. It was a great value for $199 a night. I've stayed in dozens of NY hotels but Ace is now my favorite hotel in New York.	
Oct 25 2009 	style over substance...leave for a few more months to mature	Great lobby bar and very helpful and friendly staff but they just don't have a finished product yet, stay in the lobby and keep out of the rooms and you'll have a great time. The first room I was given was half painted black with dim lighting and looked over a central aircon courtyard and into other rooms, upgraded to a room with some light and space then a catalogue of problems, aircon not working, windows not shutting, tv and internet not working, room service sent up a chicken sandwich full of bones. This place has huge potential thanks to the staff and lobby bar but the hotel really doesn't work yet, too many problems and only so much friendly staff can paper over	
Oct 15 2009 	Cool hotel with great value	I stayed (with trepidation) in one of the bunk bed rooms with a friend. I was concerned that it would be too small for two people. I was pleasantly surprised that the room was very maximized by the bunk beds. And those bunk beds were one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in (and that's even comparing it to NY's Peninsula Hotel where I stayed several weeks before.) In addition it had a very nice sized bathroom, with great smelling products. The rain shower had excellent water pressure.The lobby has great atmosphere; was usually a fun scene. Also, ran into some interesting characters throughout the hotel.Positives: Great design for the price; fun vibe; extremely comfortable beds; free in-room WiFiNegatives: Location is in between several neighborhoods, so not very exciting; lighting in rooms is very dim	
Oct 14 2009 	One of the best stays I've had in NYC	My partner and I had a lovely stay at the Ace a few weeks ago for four nights. The hotel was lovely, in location and aesthetic, and the staff were the epitome of hospitality and friendliness. Almost all the staff we met at the front desk had a first name that started with 'A', but our self-founded theory of the connection between that seeming coincidence and the name of the hotel was soon debunked.). The apples near the elevator were welcome, and the photo booth in the lobby was a treat. Ditto for the fresh croissants every morning. The room was lovely, and neatly, efficiently, trendily accoutred, but there was a bit of dampness. We brought it to the attention of the hotel and they addressed it courteously and to our satisfaction.The price may be relatively high, but the Ace in NYC sets a new level of service and aesthetics and I’d recommend it without any hesitation.	
Oct 4 2009 	Awesome place!	I stayed at the Ace with two colleagues for a weekend before a business meeting the following Monday. Not wanting to spend a lot of our own money before our work functions started, we found a rock bottom rate on the Ace's website - $99 - and booked the room based on good reviews here.Check-in was a breeze with incredibly friendly front desk and bell staff. My two female colleagues were upgraded to larger rooms, while I got a standard room with a view of the Empire State building. My room was small, but more than enough space for a solo traveler. The bed sheets are top-notch -- I would say 300 thread count at least - and quite comfortable. The bathroom, while small, was great - the shower had a rainforest-style shower head, and large pump-style bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash were in the shower (no wasting little bottles!). Plus, the towels are incredibly soft and fluffy! And...a rarity in NYC...free internet!The lobby bar is awesome - tasty and creative drinks in a hip atmosphere that ended up getting quite crowded. The bartender helped us get a reservation at their sister restaurant even when they were totally booked solid!I totally recommend The Ace - just watch out for the smaller rooms if you are traveling with a partner or a lot of luggage. Past that, it's a true hidden gem!	
Sep 24 2009 	Fun hotel great service and price-- the perfect midtown hotel	i loved everything about the Ace Hotel--- the funky cool decor, the friendly and unpretentious staff, clean, comfortable and modern rooms, the shampoo/conditioner/shower gel, the robes, the little details like the &quot;Not Now&quot; magnet to put on your door, free wifi, PERFECT midtown location-- we walked to the hotel from penn station, walked from the hotel down to the East Village, and up to Central Park. the bar and lounge/lobby area has the best vibe and comfy seats--great place for a first or end of the night drink. lots of room for groups of friends. complimentary breakfast includes coffee and croissants. i guess if i had to complain about something-- the elevator is slow. a tip-- i did research on the NYC forums. found out about Quikbook deals. saved a ton of money. and as other mentioned on the forum, we got a free upgrade from the cheap room tot the deluxe!!! and this was labor day weekend.	
Sep 19 2009 	Best Hotel Service and time i have ever had -and i travel a lot!	I love the style of the old building. Love the music they played. Great for people in their 20s and 30s. Very cool people place. The rooms are nice and funky -a little small but every place in New York have smaller rooms.	
Sep 13 2009 	Edgy but unpretentious	Upon arriving I was really impressed with the staff and surroundings. Our room was perfect for our 2 nights in NY - spacious and comfortable and a steal at the discount rate ACE were offering because the hotel was yet to be fully completed. The restaurant wasn't open and there was a guy painting the lobby at one point but it was done very discretely so it was never a problem. After our first night we went down to reception to let them know about a couple of hiccups - but in no way were we complaining. Our A/C had stopped working, our mini bar was empty (and we were worried about getting charged for drinking everything!), we had no shower gel and the pencil sharpener on the desk fell apart when we tried to sharpen our eye liner pencils! The guy at reception apologized but then basically said you get what you pay for - i.e. the cheap rates because the hotel's not quite ready. I thought this was a pretty shocking thing to say, so replied saying I understood that but it appeared to me that they had created a boutique hotel in which everything was for show but nothing actually functioned. They said they would get it all fixed or move us to another room. Hours later we returned very shopped out and in need of a lie down. The last thing we wanted to do was pack all our stuff and move rooms. Anyway, we were being moved and we begrudgingly got together our stuff and followed the porter down the hall........to a super deluxe room!! We couldn't believe our luck - we certainly were not complaining at reception to try for an upgrade , simply to let them know about a few hitches but perhaps they thought we were going to review them as they were new and didn't want to take any chances.....Once ACE is up and running properly I think it will be a huge success and one of THE places to stay in NY. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there and would definitely go again. The attention to detail is great and I loved the quirky touches everywhere. As long as it retains it's unpretentious vibe then it will be a definite winner.	
Sep 6 2009 	Still too rough around the edges	Came here as it's billed as one of the 'cool' hotel spots in NYC. Location is good, if you're after something around all the busy kinda soulless touristy places. We booked through a promotion for a suite for $199/night for 2 nights. The one thing that hit us when we entered the hotel was a smell of damp. Then there was an even stronger smell in our room, with wet patches of carpet - assume there's some aircon problem. Check-in was pretty effortless and our request for a room overlooking 29th was met (bad idea on my part, read on). The room had a guitar (neither of us could play it and it was out of tune anyway!), a smeg fridge, sofa, bed, etc etc. The bed wasn't the most comfortable hotel bed I've had and their decision to use swede finishes for the edging and cushions was a bad one as it's not the easiest of materials to clean - there were lots of suspect stains and even some irremovable chewing gum.I can't get the damp smell out of my head.The products in the bathroom were nice, and the fridge/minibar/snack tray was well stocked and unlike most hotels there is fridge and freezer space to store your own supplies if you don't want to pay hotel rates.Sleeping was a hassle. Lots of noise outside, including very loud prayer which the hotel couldn't do anything about, made for some pretty poor sleep. The hallway is also a great conductor of sound and the metal bedroom doors offer no insulation from the sound and also bang very loudly. Before going for the room service options, check out yelp. They don't yet have a restaurant but they use a number of selected eateries in the area. I would say their diner choice isn't the best but there pizza pick was very good.Still, it was a nice cool hotel. I am glad I stayed here as the suites do feel like a really Manhattan-y place to stay and hang out in. Spend some time having drinks in the nicely decorated and great reception/bar area and you do start to appreciate this place even more. There's even free wifi and computers on a number of floors. Give it a year to sort out all the faults and finish off all the work (they admit in the welcome folder there is still lots to be done) and I am sure it will be a great place to stayBut that damp smell will not go away!	
Sep 4 2009 	Fantastic!!!!	Great hotel: great location, awesome, friendly staff, clean rooms, great, yummy complimentary breakfast and great design. No complaints, no suggestions. Loved it! Great value for $$$$.	
Aug 31 2009 	Ace is Trendy and Convenient	I recently stayed with Ace Hotel and had a AWESOME experience. The location was very convenient, only a couple blocks to the subway. The hotel was absolute perfection. The staff was very friendly and the the decor of the hotel was brand new, trendy, and so intriguing down to the very last detail. The rooms were very spacious and spotless. Each room was outfitted with flat screen tv's and decorative items that sparked conversation and down right jealousy of its modern appeal. I would love to have the interior designing crew who decorated this hotel to come to my house. They also have a hip bar on the first floor where the local socialites mingle with the common folk like me visiting for the weekend. I hear a new coffee bar is opening up this week I am sad I missed it, but am planning on coming back for a stay when their new restaurant opens up.	
Aug 26 2009 	Ace hotel ace stay!	I travel about 50% of my time for work and can honestly say this is one of the best hotels I've stayed in. For friendliness of staff and attention to detail it rivals a Four Seasons. I stayed there for four nights in July 2009 and enjoyed every minute of it. The funky rooms, great bar/lobby everything. Look forward to going back again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great... but not for full price.	I got an amazing price for the room I was staying in... (the really cheap room). Everything was going really well until my fourth night staying there when it started to rain. The window behind the bed started leaking and a terrible smell (I think mold) began to permeate the room. The great thing is that the staff, once notified, moved me to a fantastic room for my last night at the same price. The location wasn't where I would have liked to stay... not very many restaurants within walking distance except for a few decent Korean restaurants. The hotel's new restaurant should be opening soon and that will be a nice addition to the hotel no doubt.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel Great Staff	I stayed at the Ace for vacation the second week of August. The staff was pleasant and helpful in every way possible. The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable. The only drawback would be the dark interior. I had to turn every light on in the room to see at night. But the gracious staff more than made up for that. If you are looking for something outside of the typcial modern hotel and instead want a funky hip hotel with cool people and a great bar, the Ace is the place for you. I can't wait to return and stay here again.	
Aug 15 2009 	If Jack Spade were to open a hotel this would be it.	I've stayed here twice withing the past few months after staying in their Portland location. While they are still working on the restaurant, coffee bar, &amp; shop, the price was incredible. As with other reviews, the decor is very masculine with reclaimed furniture and accessories. Very unique, urban, and hip. The croissants &amp; strong coffee in the AM made for a great start of the day. I will surly be back again soon. I'm just hoping the price does not go through the roof after they have completed all construction...	
Aug 12 2009 	Brilliant!	My friend and I stayed at the Ace Hotel New York during the soft opening earlier this year and had the best time possible. We absolutely loved the look and feel of the hotel which is just very like New York itself. It's hip and rock as you like. Walking along the corridors feels like you're being taken to your very own New York apartment. The bathrooms are very Hitchcokian and I adored my smeg mini-bar. The location is perfect too as very central. Quite a bit of eye-candy for the ladies with the hotel staff too!	
Aug 9 2009 	Funky (in a nice way)	Stayed five nights in July-August 2009 in a standard room.Good points:1. Great location. Quick walk to Times square but without all that noise. Near subway station.2. Great staff. Very friendly and very helpful. Lots of useful information on shopping, eating and transit. Lent me an umbrella when it was raining. Let me use the computer for printing. 3. Free internet.4. Free breakfast. The croissants were great. The jam was excellent. Actually got addicted to this morning treat.5. Free apples. They left apples by the elevator. Great idea.6. Funky style. The hotel has a very funky, garage chic style. Very refreshing. The lobby and room were dark but I liked it. 7. Comfortable bed. Nice linen.Bad points:1. Noisy hallway. Can hear everything in the hall way.2. Our room has only a shower. No bath tub.3. Corners of bed frame got in way (bumped into them easily).4. No soap bar in bathroom.All in all, pretty good.	
Aug 5 2009 	Friendly staff does not compensate for a terrible hotel	I chose the Ace, despite its dismal location, because I moved away from Portland, Oregon 11 years ago and felt nostalgic for some of what we've missed. This hotel was a big reminder of why we left. We arrived early and the staff was great about checking our bags for us, but there was really no system for doing so. They were friendly and upbeat and we had high hopes. We returned later in the evening for check-in and that's when the problems began. The lobby, as others have said, looked very cool, but very dark. Somewhat Garage Sale chic, and at the time we stayed, unfinished so certain areas were off limits. The problems began when we got up to my room. The room was so dark, it felt dismal and cell-like. Someone described it as staying in a small jail cell. It was also FREEZING. The room heating/air system was blowing extremely cold air into the room, and it was frigid. I called down immediately, and a very nice engineer guy came up to the room, told us very nicely that there was nothing he could do because the type of system the hotel had chosen meant that it was either heat or air, but something about how the system could only be switched from one to the other seasonally. (After a while, he even admitted that the hotel had not worked out the kinks and he couldn't imagine staying there.)His recommendation was that I open the window to equalize the air temperature since it was slightly warmer outside! I turned off the system completely and the temperature rose from around 58 but stayed in the low 60s the entire time I was there. And my colleagues room was the same. We froze!Then, I looked in my fridge, and low and behold, they had left behind a previous guest's yummy sandwich for me. Yuck!I shivered through the night and then in the morning, was really upset when they did my wake-up call more than 15 minutes late. A little too laid back for me! I was lucky to have set my own alarm as well, but if I had missed a meeting or something because of their error, would have been livid. Next, the shower was less than luke warm. Perhaps a by-product of the funky heating system? Nice chilly shower after a freezing cold night. And let's top it all off with the toilet clogging and starting to overflow as soon as I flushed it in the morning. The staff was friendly, but given all of that, and the terrible location, I would never stay here again, and would encourage anyone to look elsewhere.	
Aug 5 2009 	Funky design but needs to grow up a bit	We stayed at Ace in June 2009, shortly after they opened. We wnet for the cheapest room (the bunk bed) which was good value for money. The interior design is fantastic.The entrance hall is impressive and the attention to detail in the rooms is great (for example the contents of the mini bar). Downside was that it sometimes felt like being in a student hall. Because the restaurant was still under construction we took our breakfast in one of the bedrooms. Although they offered coffee and croissants with butter and jam, they did not manage to organise any cutlery for two days. The girl who was tasked to look after the guests was more concerned with looking bored and trendy than becoming proactive and getting some breakfast knifes. Unfortunately we had to change room after one night because the air conditioning was so noisy that it was unbearable. In the new room, it was not possible to switch off the air con, which turned out to be a big challenge for the staff (who ended up taking apart half of the system). Despite other teathing problem, which I am sure they will grow out of, I think it is a great hotel. The location is fine, and as said the design is very NY like.	
Aug 4 2009 	Modern and funky	My wife and I stayed at the Ace Hotel on August 1-3, 2009. We got a cheap rate due to a promotion, and upon arrival, we got upgraded into a loft.Ace is still working out some services and details - it's new hotel. So, there is no restaurant, only bar. There's free wi-fi internet but no computer terminals yet. However, we just loved it! The location is very convenient - 29th Street/Broadway - a block to a subway stop. The hotel is also very close to the Macy's and JCPenny.The decor is kitchy and clean with luxe sheets and towels, and a startling minibar. Very comfortable bed, although it could be a little bigger to be comfortable for 2 people. Light breakfast is included: fresh croissants, jam, coffee/tea, freshly squeezed juice. It's a little noisy outside - we stayed on the 8th floor. But then again - it's New York.Overall, it's a delightful place to stay and explore the city. The staff are very helpful and friendly. We'd go back.	
Aug 1 2009 	nice but...	Got a &quot;cheap room&quot; was pleased with the price. The hotel itself is in a less attractive neighborhood but in walking distance to Midtown so I was fine w/ that. Elevator was musty along w/ hallways. Room was cozy, comfy bed with feather pillows - it reminded me of a guy's dorm room (color scheme).. However I would suggest they vacuum since I dropped something and found a gnarly pube on it...very gross and a disappointment. You can easily hear people in the hallway and the street but that's not too unusual being it's NY...so if you're expecting a good night of sleep you probably won't get it. Breakfast was pretty simply - croissants and jam with OJ or coffee.	
Jul 29 2009 	They have thought of everything. It is absolutely perfect.	I love Ace Hotels. This one is no exception. I got the double king suite- which is one of the bigger rooms, for a very good price. Compared to other boutique hotels in NYC- this place has THE best value. Our room had a guitar, a record player, and an awesome retro fridge. I will definitely stay here for the 2 times a month I have to work in New York.	
Jul 28 2009 	Intimate boutique hotel with a mix of bohemian luxury and hipster edginess..	I stayed in Room 301 (a deluxe double) with my 16 yr old niece and her friend. We slept well on comfortable beds and perfect pillows - soft and fluffy. The girls especially liked the water pressure in the washroom (rain shower heads, lots of hot water, great bath products, nice towels and comfy robes). The flat screen tv seemed small, and according to the girls, did not provide enough channels.The hotel is dark but inviting. The lobby is designed with comfy sofas, great background music, and a littering of newspapers that encourage lingering in the morning. A complimentary breakfast of croissants, jams, juice and coffee is a nice touch. There's a photo booth set up in the lobby which echos the tone of the hotel - relaxed fun. All of the staff we encountered were extremely helpful and friendly! Over the last few years, I've been staying at various W hotels for my semi-annual jaunt to NYC. The Ace isn't as sleek, styled, grand or luxurious as the W, but that's not not a bad thing! I rather enjoyed the laid-back, worn-in feeling of this hotel. A bonus was the size of the room - it felt spacious for new york standards. The proximity to Penn station, times square, and the number 6 subway line was great for booting uptown or downtown. It was my first time staying in this neighborhood - a safe and convenient location. We didn't dine in the area, but we did have a great breakfast at nearby Penelope's (on lexington). We arrived at 9am on Saturday and only had to wait a few minutes. It seems to be a popular spot. **NYC with teens/budding fashionistas**My niece and her friend declared a lack of interest in museums, broadway shows and site seeing. So, ignoring my pleas to wear comfortable shoes and lighten their handbags (did they really need to lug around all that makeup, change of clothes and ipods etc.?) we headed out to explore the city. We had a fabulous time. Some things they loved:1. The Ace (&quot;so cool!&quot;)2. Soho (shopping and the 'scene')3. St. Mark's Place (great for people watching)4. Pinkberry5. The Shake Shack (Burger, fries &amp; shakes! I've discovered that the more they eat, the happier they become. Also, one of the girls loved how relaxed it was here and noted that it was the first place we'd eaten where we could 'hear ourselves and have a conversation&quot; :)8. Tao (ridiculous scene, loud music, servers with attitude...all of which they soaked up! It was an occasion to dress up and have a late dinner. The attendant in the restroom was a new experience for them and they liked the fact that they were in a 'fancy' restaurant. We're all huge fans of authentic Asian food and were surprisingly impressed with how flavorful and tasty the dishes were here). 9. Subway to High St. followed by a walk over the Brooklyn bridge (subway rides were fun for them - lots of people watching, grime and graffiti; the walk over the bridge offered nice views and photo opportunities for the budding photographer in our group). budding 9. Grimaldi's Pizza under the brooklyn bridge (declared, the best pizza ever and worth the 30 minute wait in line. The distinct brooklyn accents heard here did not go u unnoticed by the girls :0. We had fun here; my niece treated us! A sweet moment). 10. Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory (followed by our pizza lunch...vanilla-chocolate chunk is a must)11. Central Park horse&amp;buggy ride at night (we didn't do this, but it's one touristy activity that they showed interest in)12. Times Square at night (the crowds and energy and lights were fun but they were not interested in going into the stores shops etc. My niece was almost pick-pocketed here by someone who bumped into her and managed to unzip her bag). 13. Skip the circle line tours or trips to the Statue. We hopped on the Staten Island Ferry for a fun ride (although even so, the girls seemed were barely impressed).14. Penelopes (they enjoyed the cute charm and the waiter with piercings. Oh, and the food was delicious too).15. Movie theater (Late show, of course. Cab ride to save blistered feet, even better)15. Catching fireflies - unplanned of course, but having never scene fireflies, they spent almost an hour enthralled to the point of chasing, catching, photographing and videotaping them. We discovered 'the green glow bugs&quot; after our evening meal in the park at the Shake Shack. They claimed that this &quot;was the most amazing experience ever&quot;. :O) 16. Museum of Sex (We happened across this on one of our walks but this is one museum they would have liked to have visited - they took pics of the display. I haven't had a chance to look into it though...) 17. Sleeping in. (I took advantage of this to exercise, do some shopping, go for a morning walk, plan the route on the subway map, or just linger over coffee).  18. Hanging out, doing nothing (i think it was a great move to invite my niece's friend along. They had fun hanging out and never once did I hear the words &quot;I'm bored&quot;. They liked walking the streets and people watching, taking frequent snack or walking breaks in the many public spaces. They amused themselves by taking more pictures of themselves and interesting people for posting on facebook than they did of the sites).	
Jul 26 2009 	Right Place for the Right Price	Stayed at the Ace after being moved to different hotels on 2 previous occasions due to the delays in opening. Glad to actually have had a chance to stay there and overall would stay again IF the prices remain low. For higher prices, there are better places in the City.What I liked:-The staff. VERY young, energetic crew. The &quot;doormen&quot; were 3 different young men dressed like they belong in LA rather than NYC. All very sweet and yet professional. The lady behind the bar during breakfast in the morning was also very pleasant. I was less than impressed with the front desk staff, not because they did anything wrong, but because they weren't as &quot;peppy&quot; as their counterparts. -Room was clean, bed (full &quot;cheap&quot; room) was incredibly comfortable and linens soft-Bath amenities were full-size and included shower gel--thank you Ace!-Loved the lobby. So stylish. And the complimentary croissants and coffee in the morning were a great added touch--I wish the coffee shop wouldn't open anytime soon so they wouldn't charge for coffee. What I was less-than-thrilled about:-Location: not the greatest in NYC. Yes, close to the subway (NRW line) but not as convenient if you're a walker. The area is a little shady at night though I never had any problems. Plus, the hotel faces a house of worship where the &quot;call to prayer&quot; is sung several times a day. LOUDLY. This is somewhat disruptive if you're facing 29th St. It doesn't last long, but did wake me up on a couple of occasions.-The bathtub was small. That in itself was not a problem for me, but the showerhead is the center of the tub as opposed to one of the ends. This was VERY uncomfortable. Concerns:-AC broke down for a day while I was there. It wasn't terribly hot (I'm used to TX weather) so it was tolerable. I feel this will hopefully not be an issue once the hotel is fully operational.-I'm curious to see what the upkeep will be like...the carpet in the rooms do give off a musty smell and the shower curtains in the bathtub were ALREADY starting to show the wear and tear (water stains)...we'll see. Overall, if I got an amazing deal I'd stay here again. It is a funky little boutique hotel and if you get a good deal, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here, keeping in mind this is not a place you come to be pampered.	
Jul 25 2009 	Terrible Smell--Needs work!!	I stayed @ The Ace, NY for one night on 23 July 2009 &amp; wasn't overly impressed at all. The lobby is very cool, the complimentary breakfast was great, although they ran out of paper plates, so only napkins could hold the croissants, the front desk staff guys &amp; girls were cool &amp; laid back (Ariel &amp; Ben were great) &amp; the overall theme of the hotel is cool----those are the high points. My room (1709) (King Deluxe) had a horrible smell the entire time---it smelled very much like new carpet, combined with a dank smell from the Ancient A/C unit in the room---the A/C also never worked, as it would only go down to 65 degrees &amp; it was hot outside the night I was staying. When I stopped by @ the Front Desk, I explained about the smell, &amp; they offered to bring up some room spray---they couldn't find it, so a girl brought me a candle &amp; matches to alleviate the smell----this worked somewhat, but I could still smell, what the reviewer before me stated as an &quot;Industrial scent&quot;---it was also definitely coming from the A/C unit---once I turned it off (it was very loud), the smell did stop, but the odor was still in the room---it was disgusting! I went to other floors to see if it was still bad, but I smelled the same thing on every floor----really gross. Also, the room was really Dark &amp; felt a little seedy, like the whole hotel.....I don't know, but the corridors to the rooms are enormous &amp; feel dilapidated, seedy &amp; run-down---Honestly, it felt like something out of a Horror film or a Run-down hostel-----just really awkward....I know the building is a typical 1900's building, turned into a hotel, but it felt odd staying here----I arrived around 8PM, &amp; left by 9:30AM or so the next day----I was ready to leave, even though I live in NYC----(The computer lab on each floor never worked, there was trash on the floors, cracked elevator interiors) Also, the bathroom was impossibly tiny (No tub &amp; the shower is TINY, with the curtain clinging to my skin the entire time)---so bad, &amp; there was only 1 tiny window, which made the room dark, even though it did overlook the street a little......If they were trying to achieve a cheap look, they they succeeded-------I was excited for this new group, but was really ready to leave......Patrick(NYC)25th July--	
Jul 24 2009 	A well-intentioned misfire	I am sitting in room 210 of the Ace Hotel, New York. I booked it instead of my usual Murray Hill haunts (70 Park Ave and the Roger Williams) because it was new, because I'm traveling with my little sister and wanted something a little more youthful than the Kimpton crowd, and because I was intrigued by the buzz surrounding Ace Hotels. We arrived this afternoon only to be told that the room we booked--with two beds--was not available. Could we make do with a king bed? We're brother and sister, I explained as cheerfully as possible, eliding all of the other possible replies (like: you guys claim to be a serious outfit, and you expect that someone who's booked two beds will necessarily be happy with one? What if we were allergic to each other? Or about to get divorced?). The front desk folks, to their credit, were as obliging as they could be: I was promised they would transform the couches in our king room into something that resembled a comfortable bed. What has happened, alas, instead, is the equivalent of what happens when you crash at a friend's: sheets thrown on the leather loveseat, which is about five feet long, a duvet haphazardly arranged on top. The thought of the sheets sliding across the slick surface of the couch, my feet dangling from the edge, already has me tossing and turning, and I'm not even asleep yet. I'm going to try to talk about other things now. The room is enormous, and not without charm: there's the promised turntable and the SMEG fridge, although with the creepy oxen painted on one wall (they have no eyeballs, I kid you not), there should be a Gram Parsons (or, heck, Ozzy Osbourne) record in here. The black faux-fur throws, on the other hand, are *so* 2007.The front desk staff has (again) been repeatedly upbeat and winning: when I called to say, uh, this is the best you could do at changing a couch into a bed?, the guy I spoke to sweetly suggested various other ways in which the existing furniture could be rearranged. All this would be awesome--see, this is the kind of place that makes me say things like 'awesome'-- if the guy in question were a friend putting me up for the night, and if I weren't paying for the privilege. Okay, I clearly failed to stop talking about the bed thing. One more practical piece of information: our room is dark: not mood-lighting dark, not olde-tyme-supper-club dark; but more like please don't drop anything on the floor, particularly in certain corners of the room, or you may never find it again dark. Our tv was unplugged when we checked in, and we had to ask the technician to come up with his little flashlight to determine exactly what was unplugged from where. Mere eyesight wasn't enough. If only the whites of the eyes of the oxen on the wall would light up...So. I dig the lobby (cavernous, kind of a cross between an old library and the room where the bankers meet toward the end of Mary Poppins) and the staff seem affable. Our room is enormous. But the design is hit-or-miss and the organization clearly needs work. I think this place could someday be charming, but right now do yourself a favor and ask a friend if they can put you up instead. That way, at least you'll know whose couch you're sleeping on.	
Jul 24 2009 	Wait until they've worked out the kinks!	I booked two different stays at this hotel when TravelZoo advertised their sale of $99/night. I booked a room with a full or queen size bed. The first night I arrived at 9pm and they said that they didn't have any of these rooms available, so I'd have to stay in a bunk-bed room. They were supposedly fully booked, so I had no choice but to stay on the bunk beds hitting my head three times during the night.The second stay I was with my husband. We met there at 5:30 pm and they said that our room would be ready in 5 minutes. Half an hour later, we were still waiting and late for our Paul McCartney concert. We finally got into our room about 15 minutes later and the A/C wasn't working. We called from the concert to have them check it and we were assured that it would be fixed. When we got there at 12:30 am, it still wasn't working. There was also this industrial smell. A manager came to our room and said that they were having problems with the A/C in half of the hotel. It's only been open 7 weeks, so they're still working out the &quot;kinks&quot;. The smell was from the new carpet/furniture. He brought us a fan and took $25 off our room which was considerate. The hotel overall is nice, but I definitely would not recommend it until they figure out how to reserve and have rooms ready on time and fix their A/C!	
Jul 23 2009 	Ace put me in a uniquely NYC Frame of Mind--highly recommended	I had a very enjoyable stay at the Ace Hotel in mid-town Manhattan, near Penn Station, and only a block away from a subway stop from which you can get to just about anywhere you’d want to go. The Ace Hotel is moderately priced (by NYC standards), recently remodeled, clean, and features excellent service by a friendly staff.I liked the offbeat motif of the hotel. As it could be described as “stark,” it will not be everyone’s cup of tea. One person’s “starkness,” however, is another person’s “bold statement”; and in any case the industrial appearance is only a style; the hotel does not lack comfort or amenities (although at the time of my visit it did not have its own restaurant; they do, however, provide room service using the resources of nearby restaurants; and they serve a breakfast of croissants and coffee). All this fits in with a corporate sense of humor that includes its motto, “Thank you for sleeping with us.”One disclaimer about this review: I received a free upgrade due to the unavailability of the class of room I had booked. I don’t know what my cheaper room would have been like; but the room I got had a refrigerator, coffee-making supplies, a manual pencil sharpener (more of that sense of humor!), a guitar (I didn’t check to see if it was functional), and some op-art-ish wallpaper to offset the mostly black-and-white décor. There was a flat-panel TV and a feature-packed but austere-looking clock radio into which one could plug personal audio devices.I highly recommend this hotel, all the more so if you’d like a place to put you into a uniquely New York frame of mind.	
Jul 11 2009 	Funky but noisy	I recently stayed at the Ace for 2 nights when in NY on business. I had been pretty excited about ACE having a hotel in NY because I'd stayed at their hotels in Seattle and Portland and very much enjoyed both.There are a lot of things to like about this hotel if you enjoy alternative, hipster decor. It is a very cool place although I can't help feeling as though some women might find it a bit too masculine in character.When you travel on business you still don't like to feel like you're getting reamed every which way so it's great the hotel has free internet and breakfast. Overall the staff are friendly and in line with the hipster vibe of the place.My biggest complaint was the noise. I stayed 2 nights and as it was mild, the first night I had the window open. No problems as my room faced the courtyard. The second night however an adjacent air conditioning unit (not from a room - this was like an aeroplane) was on and made an enormous racket. Even with windows closed I struggled to sleep. As it was day 2 and my stuff was unpacked moving room was not practical so I unfortunately had to put up.My complaint at the front desk was met with a typical hipster-like shrug and it did definitely leave me with a bad taste having not slept and then having to front up to all day meetings.So - worth checking out but choose your room carefully and don't expect any sympathy if things aren't perfect.	
Jul 10 2009 	fantastic funky chic boutique hotel	The hotel and rooms were amazing for the low price we paid. It is a very stylish designer hotel without the price tag or the fussiness of a designer hotel. The atmosphere is young and trendy but laid back. There are lots of nice finishing touches, lcd tv's, up market toiletries, free fruit, free breakfast, nice robes, free internet access. The hotel is in the perfect location -close enough to attractions like Times sq but far enough away to be peaceful enough to get some sleep. It was the staff that made this hotel, they were so friendly helpful and enthusiastic and went out of their way to help us. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the world including several in New York City and for the price this was definitely the best by far and that is not something that i would say lightly. I normally stay in much more expensive hotels but the Ace really exceeded my expectations which are pretty high. And one last thing the photos on their site look good and unusually are a true representation of the hotel (in fact i think it looked better in real life)	
Jul 10 2009 	Exceptional hotel	There are some restaurants you enter and as soon as you see the place and taste the food, you know they will be around along time. Likewise, you can usually tell fairly quickly if they wil be gone in a year. Well I never had that feeling about a hotel until I stayed at this one. The location, the staff, the lobby decor and the stylish way the rooms are set up all make for the perfect combination. The staff combines excellent service with a sense of humor that works really well. I am not that easy to please as evidenced by some of my previous hotel reviews written on this site but someday the folks that run this hotel will be giving seminars to other hotels on how to run a hotel. If there was a way to rate them a 6 instead of a 5 I would have done that.	
Jun 29 2009 	Be carefull with credit card details!!!	I booked a stay for me and my girlfriend at The Ace Hotel in New York. The hotel was new and not ready on time so they asked us to stay at another hotel. Okay. But at the end I got charged on my credit card from different hotels. The one were I actually stayed and another one. I called Mr. Sudakow from the Ace Hotel at least 5 times but even now – 2 month later – I did not get back my money. So be careful!	
Jun 22 2009 	the new 'wave' in hotels trend	this is a second message posted because the first one was rated wrong ( probably I ignore this part). I appologise for this and I hope I did not cause any false impressions. We stayed in a Empire States building room view which was amazing but besides that the time we had there it was GREAT! The hotel is not fully finished but if we weren't told so we could not sense that. The interior decorations and mainly the loby are perfect and it gives you a hommy feeling and everything that you might need is around you. You can find here a small library from where you can take books up into your room or stay there and enjoy a good quality reading. The bar area is very inviting and the people are very welcoming and ready to assist you. Each room has different designs and you can find a Gibson quitar besides vintage furniture. You can find different smart messages all around the hotel. It is a unique experience. Also the location is very good as it's very near to the shopping area and most important NYC visiting points ( at the hotel corner is the 28th street subway station), near to Marquise night club (10 min walking) and few more night clubs. Certainly the best hotel and we will go next year to see it fully finished and experience again the ACE.	
Jun 4 2009 	Northwest Cool Comes to NY Almost Cheap	Have stayed at the Ace in Portland and Palm Springs, and I travel to NY a lot, so I was happy to see that they’d opened a new property there, and lucky that it was open on a recent trip, or mostly open anyway. The lobby and the rooms are up and running, but the hotel and the Stumptown coffee shop, The Ace’s usual partner in crime, will open later this summer. I was especially interested to see if the they could transfer their northwest laidback friendly hipster vibe to New York, and for now, they’ve succeeded. The staff were all young, but very friendly and efficient, people who seem to have gotten their jobs because they’re good at them, rather than just look good at them. The hotel is in a great location, central to Times Sq., Herald Sq., Union Sq. the Empire State Bldg., Madison Sq. Park, and Chelsea. It’s a fun walk, a quick subway trip, or an affordable cab ride to almost any of Manhattan’s sights. I’d booked a standard queen at an introductory rate and checked in for three nights mid-week. I was given an upgrade to a king, I’m assuming because it was a slow time of the week, and they were still finishing up their renovation of this old, classic prewar hotel which has functioned for years as an SRO. The lobby is dark and clubby, spacious and inviting, with grand, soaring ceilings, a central reading table, lots of bookshelves and tufted sofas in leather and velvet draped, here and there, with animal skin throws. (PETA types be warned.) My room, done in the usual Ace industrial/bohemian/vintage style was spacious, and not just by New York standards, with a king sized platform bed so comfortable it might make Mama Bear leave home, a crazy oversized pop art canvas on the wall, a table that seats two, with Thonet mid-century bent plywood chairs, an open closet and a full-sized SMEG fridge, stocked full of liquor mostly. The bathroom was also quite large, with a full sized tub/shower and a pedestal sink. They went out of their way to maintain the prewar style in the redesign here, and it looked like what I imagine the bathroom looked like in Dorothy Parker’s residential hotel, right down to the brass fixtures, which shows real design chutzpah in this age of chrome and polished nickel everywhere.The room was on the third floor, with a “courtyard” non-view so it was pretty dark, but this also made it great for sleeping in, which I needed to do, so I stuck with it. The bottom part of the window was frosted, to the hide the view of a hulking network of heating/cooling ducts, a really fearsome looking beast of a thing. I was afraid that it might keep me up, or drive me mad, but it turned out to be a gentle giant, one that purred more than it grumbled and growled, and I’ve got to say, I have never been in a quieter room in Manhattan in all my life - and I lived there for 17 years. It made a great refuge from the blare of Midtown.Because the hotel is still in the finishing stages, there were some inconveniences, but the staff was up front about these and pretty efficient about addressing them too. To make up for the lack of a café, Stumptown coffee and croissants are provided every morning (if you get up in time for the croissants that is.) Until the restaurant opens, they also provide take-out service from several very decent local restaurants, which is actually pretty affordable by room service standards, even with the $7.50 service charge. The staff was good about notifying us of plumbing shut-offs as well, though for something this disruptive, they should have slipped a note under the doors instead of relying on the bulletin board in the lobby and notes in common areas. The biggest hassle for me involved the tests for the emergency alarm system. This happened three times in my 3-day stay, once at 9:00 AM. C’mon guys, it works already! Otherwise, the service was really sharp. Just as I noticed a trash can missing from the bathroom, the maid was literally at the door with one. When I asked her for a copy of the minibar list, someone was at my door minutes later with the list, and apologies. Overall, my feeling is that this place will be a swinging success once all the screws are tightened and the knobs polished. Hard to say how much the rates will rise once this happens, but since they have a number of “cheap” rooms and bunks available, the place will hopefully remain affordable – and democratic. Single travelers might find cheaper options at The Pod or The Jane, but I can’t imagine that couples, or larger groups will find this kind of style, comfort, convenience and service for this price in all of Manhattan.	
Jun 2 2009 	Mixed	I live in New York and when my mother came to visit for 7 nights she stayed at the ACE hotel, newly opened. Results were mixed although since my mother got her room for $99 a night, there aren't as many grounds for complaint.The location near the flower district is fine, given the price, but it's a spot that's more convenient than trendy. My mother later found that at night the area becomes deserted, which can be disconcerting. Several subway stations nearby mean you can get anywhere, quickly: from either Herald Square or the two 28th Street stations all between 5 to 15 minutes walk away.Service was the worst part. Upon arrival, there seemed to be some difficulty working out what room my mother was to be given. After about 10 minutes, it was decided she would get a bigger room than she paid for, as a free upgrade. When she came to pay, though, she had been charged for the more expensive room, at $149 a night and had to show the hotel an email she had printed out that proved how much she was supposed to be charged.My mother's credit card company also rang her to say that the hotel had put a hold of over $1,500 on the credit card she used to make the booking. My mother was not told they would be putting a hold on her card and $1,500 amounted to far more than the cost of her stay.In addition, the person who checked my mother out was not aware that my mother had already paid in full two days beforehand and asked for payment again -- even though the hotel's accounts manager, who had dealt with her query about the hold on her credit card, had also dealt with her payment.My mother didn't think the management was particularly apologetic about any of these problems.The upgraded room was small but perfectly manageable (although I think the cheapest rooms must be extremely small) and quite dark. My mother has asked for a quiet room, all of which seem have windows looking out onto the central shaft. Everything was brand-new and clean etc even if the decor was less attractive than the Portland hotel appears to be. Decent bathroom. Iron, hair-dryer, and electric tea kettle considerately supplied.The air-conditioning didn't work, however, and was needed during a prematurely hot May week, so my mother was switched to another room after the first night. This was slightly bigger but even dingier and, strangely, the dated fixtures in the bathroom were completely different from the nice ones in her last bathroom. They were seemingly left-overs from the hotel's previous incarnation.My mother was given breakfast vouchers, as the hotel restaurant is still being built. The lobby is grand in a trendy/dilapidated sort of way. Tacky taxidermy, but pretty fresh flowers. Generally speaking, for the price my mother paid the ACE hotel was great. I would start to question the hotel's value if the prices went much above $175 for the better room she was given. When staying at this kind of hotel you're not looking for over-the-top service but clearly a lot of communications problems need to be ironed out. (The staff at the hotel are very young -- one of them told my mother he had never worked in a hotel before -- and don't seem to altogether know what they are doing.)	
May 29 2009 	The Un-Boutique Hotel	I've been eyeing this property since visiting the Portland, Oregon location with its fabulous Stumptown Coffee House with the hipster/baristas and their fabulous concoctions and the equally exemplary Clyde Commons restaurant with its localvore cuisine and handcrafted cocktails. Initial reports revealed that the place was in a no man's land but clearly as others have stated, the subway station is one block up on 28th with easy access to downtown. Unlike the Portland location with its graphic A, the NYC location has a marquee in lights &quot;hotel'. as if.The lobby was dark with a cabinet filled with taxidermy and leather seating with faux fur throws and wood paneling all around meant to evoke a gentleman's club if the gentlemen were tattooed, bearded and skinny jean wearing. The bar unfortunately served drinks in plastic cups and had my oregon pinot measured in jiggers for precision, disappointment could not have been more precise.The room was well done and honored the architectural tradition of the hotel and the district. The itchy pendleton blanket was iconic and lent a pacific northwest vibe but the sheets were crisp and egyptian cotton and sufficiently threaded. The decor was industrial fin de siecle and masculine. The bathroom did not have a tub but had great &quot;antiqued&quot; shower plumbing with great water pressure and Rudy's barbershop toiletries (think Kiehl's before L'oreal bought them&quot;). Great turkish towels and designer &quot;wings and horn&quot; bath robes along with a roped detox soap that smelled of grateful dead tribute concerts.Sadly, the coffee house was not open but there was a breakfast room managed by the lovely Jennifer and her partner Victoria who made everyone feel welcome. Lovely croissants and stumptown coffee were provided along with the NYT.The much awaited Breslin restaurant under the direction of April Bloomfeld (of Spotted Pig) will apparently open in the fall. Sad, as there are no nearby restaurants of note. Closest restaurant of any note was Craft.Hopping the subway downtown was a breeze and also an easy walk to Chelsea for the requisite gallery hopping.The quikbook quote of 199/night was a good deal even after you add the sales, city, occupancy tax (225/night). This hotel is geared to cool adventurous low maintenance types. Anyone wanting room service and extra attention should check out other hotels. It is clearly not for resort poodles or the old.	
May 21 2009 	You'll get ripped off. Go to the Hudson.	First off, let me say that the regular hotel staff were avuncular and helpful...albeit disorganized. Also, the amenities of the rooms surpass those found at the SEA &amp; PDX locations. These are the only reasons that I am giving them more than one star.The problem with this location, and it is a BIG problem, is the management &amp; fee transparency.I don't own a credit card, and don't believe in them, so I use my debit card to rent cars or hotel rooms. The person at the front desk informed me that since I was using a debit card, they would need to put a hold on my card for the three days I was staying, plus a discount from a firend who works for Ace (Approx. $370). I thought that this was reasonable, so I told them to go ahead.Lo and behold, I log onto my bank's website to find out that my account had a hold put on it by the Ace for $1470.When I go to talk to the manager, he informs me that they are charging me for four day (I booked three) and in addition, they are charging me up front for all the incidentals I might take out of the fridge.To add insult to injury, they tell me that I am not going to be receiving the room discount that had been promised to me,Then on an upbeat note, they tell me that the difference on hold in my account will be credited back to me 7-10 days after I check out...'you mean a full pay period?' I respond.Not all of us make an NYC salary, and vacations have to be budgeted for. $1470 is a big deal. Apparently I am not supposed to eat once I return home.Complete [--].After conveying that this is all unacceptable, they finally contacted the bank for me and removed the hold. However, i was still charged the full rate AND the extra day, which I am still trying to rectify.Now, maybe I am crazy, but I rent cars and stay in hotels all over using my debit card. Every time that there are incidentals involved, I sign a form giving them the right to debit my account AFTER I consume them. Is Ace unable to download and copy a Hilton's incidentals form off of the internet, and print it out so that I can sign it?If they had been more organized and up front with me about how much I was going to be charged, that I wouldn't get the discount promised me and the exorbitant hold, I would have turned them down and just gotten a place on Hotwire.The Ace NYC's managerial arrogance and disorganization is remarkable.And to think this review could have been avoided.So to review:- Instead of debiting you for what you use, Ace take out money for items you haven't consumed yet.- Ace will charge you for days that you don't book.- Ace will renege on confirmed discounts.Wait for them to clean up their act in 6-12 mos before you book here.	
May 19 2009 	Great place but still working out the wrinkles	My husband and I checked in 2 days after the hotel opened. We learned it was a &quot;soft-opening&quot; as they weren't quite done with all the work. The gym, restaurant, and some other amenities aren't complete yet.We enjoyed the spaces, and the rooms were quite large for NY standards. The service, although friendly, was a bit spotty. I think that the staff are all finding their groove as the place just opened. Once they work out those wrinkles, the Ace will be a great hotel!	
May 18 2009 	My almost stay at the ACE	I went to NYC on May the 2nd and had booked a 10 night stay at the AH. Upon arrival the front door had a funny appearance. It looked dark and very welcoming. A manager came out an announced me that the hotel was not ready for the soft opening.ASTONISHED, SURPRISED, DISAPOINTED, ANGRY, FRUSTRATED were face i went through within seconds.A few minutes later the hotel manager came out and apologized. He added that they have relocated us in a nearby hotel for the same price.CURIOUS, DOUBTFUL, NOT CONVINCED were among the other feelings I felt upon hearing what was going on. I turned around a sedan limousine was waiting for me doors open!A complementary transfer has been organized and we've been driven to our new hotel which was absolutely fabulous! The next day a brown bag from the AH was siting on my bed. A voucher for a comeback stay, a ACE HOTEL t-shirt, a personnal message and an apple later. The ACE HOTEL managed to convince me that they were one of the most promising upcoming hotels in NYC:Soft opening or not, they understand the value of potential customers, the appreciate the investments (time, travel, and more) done to almost stay with them. Their way of managing the situation could not have been better, not even at a HILTON!!!!YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING and i will definitely by back for a REAL stay this time!!!I am myself a hotelier and have been lacking this quality of service for many years and in many famous places!!! Be back soon	
May 18 2009 	A potential game-changer in the NYC boutique hotel scene	I have to start by saying that my initial experience with the Ace was unpleasant. I was told earlier this week, four days before arrival, that the hotel was not ready and that I'd been rebooked -- to be fair, at the same $99 rate -- at a much less cool hotel around the corner. A bit of protest on my part, as well as me pointing out that I'd booked my room almost as soon as the reservations lines opened in January, resulted in a 180, and I was moved back to the Ace.My impressions thus far have been about as solid as it gets for a hotel that's been open to the general public all of three days. While they allowed &quot;friends and family&quot; to stay here during the soft opening over the past few months, permit issues apparently prevented them from opening to the public until this week, so you may consider this the first unbiased critique of the property. The hotel's by no means finished -- not every room is done, and the inevitably doomed-to-be-packed restaurant The Breslin (run by the same folks who own the still-white-hot-after-many-years gastropub The Spotted Pig in the Village) won't be open until sometime this summer, but there's no gym or room service, either, and maid service is spotty. My room wasn't cleaned until 6pm, and they failed to refill the minibar (To be fair, the hotel has &quot;room service&quot; -- at a $7.50 delivery charge -- from several nearby restaurants, including Hill Country, debatably the best BBQ in the city. As a Texan, however, my BBQ standards are pretty high, and I've found Hill Country overpriced and underwhelming on previous visits, but I'm admittedly picky on that front.)Back to the hotel ... the service, barring my initial reservations faux pas (including being sent an e-mail by a manager clearly meant for another manager, not me), has been exemplary. The staff are eager to please, and as they should be: the Ace is a gem. Granted, it's in an off-the-beaten-path location -- sandwiched between the Chelsea Flower District and Koreatown -- and probably better for ex-pats such as myself, or people already famiiar with the city, given its lack of tourist attractions in the area (besides, of course, the original Macy's and the Empire State Building), but it has a convenience factor that can't be beat: within walking distance of Penn Station (well, at least if you pack light and don't mind hauling your bags a few blocks), accessible from both JFK and Newark Airports. It's also a few blocks from the Herald Square subway station, which has connections to the majority of the four main boroughs, and a block from the 28th St N/R/W stop. For east side connections, the 6 train's not too far a walk over on Park Ave South.The lobby is, to put it mildly, dramatic: gargantuan in scale, with towering ceilings and comfy seating throughout. It's far bigger than the Ace's Portland branch, but I can imagine it being put to similar use once the hotel gets its legs, with folks wiling away the day drinking Stumptown Coffee and reading the Times or one of the numerous books tucked into the hotel's lobby -- which, apparently, has remained largely untouched from its days of way back as the Breslin Hotel. (Think lots of wood paneling and built-in bookcases, intermixed with an eclectic assortment of furniture.)Upon arrival I was upgraded from the $99 &quot;Cheap Room&quot; I'd booked to a &quot;Deluxe King.&quot; Although some Deluxe Kings are blessed with Smeg refrigerators, one of my favorite kitschy design items, mine was alas not. It does, however, come with a mini-suite layout, including large leather loveseat and coffee table. (Caveat: while large by NYC standards, the room's smaller than average by non-NYC standards, about 300 sq ft.) The bathroom's on the disappointingly small side, and more disappointingly fitted with brass faucets and the like, including shower-curtain rings. (Didn't someone tell the decorators that brass has been out since the '80s?)My room faces the interior courtyard -- good if you're noise sensitive, as I am, but bad if you want consistent cell phone service. (To be fair, this problem afflicts nearly every NYC hotel I've stayed in.) Request an odd-numbered room if you want a street view (and cell phone access); the area's pretty quiet at night, but gets noisy weekdays during commuting hours and weekends as street dealers set up to sell their wares. Free wi-fi throughout the hotel (a perk no longer available at my other favorite NYC boutique chain, the Thompson set) is much appreciated and helps mitigate the phone issue, since I can make Skype calls on my iPhone.The decor is both eclectic and an upgrade from the creaky wood floors at the Ace Portland. These actually have carpet -- black, which I normally dislike but which works great here (and great for concealing the inevitable spills) -- along with a wonderfully comfy bed equipped with multiple down pillows, down comforter, and, if that's still not enough to stay warm, a Pendleton blanket. (No idea yet whether the HVAC can adequate handle winter chill, since it's mid-May as I write this.) My one issue would be the TVs. C'mon, guys: 42&quot; is the new standard, and you skimped a couple hundred bucks and went with 32&quot; flat-panels for even the highest-end non-suites? Odd, considering the not-cheap Knoll furnishings, including a marble Saarinen Tulip table in the hotel's temporary breakfast facility (open 7-11am, with Stumptown Coffee and not-bad croissant).The Breslin Bar, also newly opened, is fantastic, with the most unique spin on an old-fashioned I've seen to date: one made with reposado tequila and agave nectar. While this may seem like blasphemy to those used to the bourbon variety, it has a truly unique appeal. (Granted, for the time being it's being served in plastic cups, and I do hope they get some proper barware in the near future.)I know this hotel has upset some folks by opening 3+ months late, and by the fact that the $99 cheap rate no longer seems to be available (at least not for any dates I checked - I'm not counting bunk-bed rooms here, since I refuse as an adult to sleep in one), but at the very least let it get past its teething pains, finish all the rooms, open The Breslin, and give it a chance come maybe September or so. I've stayed in most of the city's boutique hotels at this point, and thus far the Ace has impressed me nearly the most -- if only because it's avoided formulaic luxury in favor of individualism. In fact, the only hotel I've stayed in here that comes close is the storied Chelsea Hotel -- but that's a whole other story entirely, given its history (and the fact that most of its occupants are permanent).	
May 5 2009 	Finally: Cheap hotel in Manhattan	It surely is the dream of the frequent traveler to come across a true gem every once in a while. The Ace Hotel is one such gem. It shows that hotel prices in Manhattan don´t have to skyrocket as they use to. Hotel manager Jan Rozenveld promises to always offer a remarkable number of rooms for 99 Dollars (big enough room, but with bunk beds), even on Thanksgiving-weekend, even in the holiday season, even on 4th of July. For the price of a better hostel Ace Hotel offers not only 4-star-comfort with private bathroom, minibar, private bathrobes, 24 hour room service and free Wi-Fi, but also no less than the ideal location. Ace Hotel is positioned in walking distance to Herald Sq., Macy´s, Empire State Building and Times Square. Subway, Bus and Penn Station are nearby.The neighborhood, called Nomad (North of Madison Square) is on the rise. Ace Hotel, which is in soft-opening phase right now, claims to be one of the future centers of Nomad with a huge lobby as meeting point for travelers and locals alike. Although Ace Hotel could be described as a boutique hotel to a certain extend, manager Jan doesn´t want to hear that word. He rather speaks of a house which fulfills travelers needs. Just as in a deck of cards, where the Ace can have the highest and the lowest score, the Hotel has, besides the 99 dollar rooms, suites that sell for far more than 1000 dollars per night.Staff of the hotel is young, enthusiastic about the job, eager to help wherever possible (we forgot one piece of luggage on the belt at JFK and hey, they organized delivery to the hotel). Rooms are decorated in an eclectic way, all with individual charme. One as examples: One has a guitar standing in the corner, another one shows a turntable with a remarkable collection of LPs (for the younger ones: A LP is kind of a large, black CD which is filled with music on two sides). Many of items in the rooms are from flea markets, unique and not seldom a feast for the eyes. The gigantic library in the lobby, for example, has been brought over from a 5th Ave apartment.What we liked a lot is the humor spread all over the place. When you leave the elevator, the rooms are to your left and only a window front is to your right. A sign with an arrow to your right reads: Not much there. The slogan of the hotel, “stop sleeping around”, still amuses us, as well as the final “Thank you for sleeping with us”.We will, for sure, sleep with Ace Hotel again and again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Pas cher et chic !		
Oct 14 2009 	Gran hotel muy bien ubicado		
Jul 28 2009 	carinooo		
May 31 2009 	Ace - einfach super!!		
May 29 2009 	Das warten hat sich gelohnt		
May 19 2009 	Wir lieben New York! Wir lieben das Ace Hotel!		
May 7 2009 	L'hotel promette bene!		
