Nov 5 2009 	Fantastic experience	We stayed for a week in the Library suite. We have two teenagers so it was ideal, as the full height sliding screen effectively creates a second bedroom. Its really spacious - amazing for Manhattan - with full kitchen and dining facilities. The high ceilings also add to the atmosphere. You wont find anything else like it in New York - the complete opposite to the standardised chain hotel room. Its more like a high quality guest house, with each suite occupying one floor. So dont expect a lift, fitness centre, restaurant or swimming pool. But do expect to feel you're someone's guest. The location is perfect - close enough to shops, attractions, museums etc yet far enough away to be quiet. Also the Metro is close by - we had an unlimited metrocard which worked well. And the Metro station is on an express line as well. The service is spot on - always there, friendly, will respond to all reasonable requests, yet is unobtrusive. The fridge is stocked and restocked with everything for a good breakfast together with homemade cake and nibbles. One morning, as we were about to venture out into the rain Alana offered us umbrellas. We have only a few small gripes, and none of this impacted on our enjoyment. The room was quite dark so we had the lights on all the time. Locking and unlocking the front door is quite an involved exercise.	
Nov 2 2009 	Absolutely wonderful!	Spent a getaway weekend to celebrate my husband's birthday. Staying in the Vermont Suite was like traveling back in time. Just a short subway ride (a block away) to everything, yet located on a quaint and quiet residential street. No indication that the building is an inn, even from outside. No elevator noise, no voices, no running into other guests. Just total privacy and serenity. With our own entrance and welcoming amenities like flowers, sweets, and a fridge with wine, and snacks, we felt as if we were coming home after a lovely night out on the town. The staff was welcoming, friendly and accommodating, amazing taking care of our needs while without really being seen. A fabulous experience. We didn't want to go home.	
Oct 31 2009 	Now I'm Spoiled	I travel a LOT--and because of this I usually stay in wonderful hotels. I recently was invited to attend an &quot;Opera Weekend&quot; in NY. I decided to attend w/ my 17 year old daughter. We booked the Opera Suite at INN NYC. What an amazing experience! The staff was always available, but never intrusive. Fresh OJ very day. Fresh pastries, REAL coffee with milk in the frig. . .I could go on and on. How will I find hotels in other cities to compare??	
Sep 28 2009 	What an amazing place!	On our way back from a Trans-Atlantic cruise, my husband and I decided to spend a few days in NYC. A few years back we stayed at this delightful Inn (in the Spa Suite) and we had such a wonderful time there that we decided to return, but try a different suite. This time we chose the Opera Suite. After a long flight from Copenhagen, it was such a treat to relax in our wonderful suite with a glass of the wine left for us by Ruth and Ellen. Since we were a bit jet-lagged we didn't want to go out for dinner, and we found that the refrigerator was stocked with fruit, cheese and a generous slice of quiche that my husband and I shared. The Inn has the atmosphere of a quiet bed-and-breakfast but its location can't be beat. We enjoy walking in the City and Ruth gave us some suggestions for things to see from a native New Yorker's point of view. We had a fun day browsing through some neighborhood shops and then toured a bit of Central Park. The next day was Memorial Day and we decided we wanted to see the Intrepid Museum. We again decided to walk and as it turned out, thousands of others had the same idea we did. We found that the Fleet Week festivities were going on, so we instead toured three active duty ships. After a full day, we returned to our cozy retreat and relaxed until dinner. It is just a few blocks from the Inn to Broadway, so we found a nice quiet restaurant there for dinner. I don't know if I felt more pampered on our cruise or at the Inn. Ruth and Ellen were available to answer questions, but they just melted out of sight at other times. The suite was sparkling clean and the refreshments provided were fresh and plentiful. There was this giant muffin that has to be tasted to be believed, and a beautiful fruit bowl with lucious cherries and strawberries. The Inn is one of my all-time favorite places to stay. I can't wait to go back to NYC to try the other suites.	
Sep 13 2009 	Fantastic inn nyc	My stay goes back several years ago, but I couldn't help to add my review to the others.It was on the occasion of my husband's 50th BD, wanted to stay in the city, and a friend recommended inn nyc.We arrived during a rainstorm, a member of the staff was waiting outside with unbrellas. when we needed transportation for an evening out , with multiple pickups and stops, we were hooked up with a limo, and driver, not easy on short notice in NYC.The room was delightful, jacuzzi, patio, and those wonderful pastries and cheeses.Happy to see that great reviews have followed this wonderful establishment.	
Jul 12 2009 	what can I say...it's already been said!	I don't have much to add given the quality and accuracy of the reviews thus far. We stayed at the Vermont Suite. I will re-iterate a number of points which others have already mentioned. Firstly, the spiral staircase is not suitable for young children (and they do mention that this suite is not suitable for children under 12 at their website), nor is it appropriate for the morbidly obese or frail. Secondly, the bed is very hard and took me a few days to get used to. I agree that the wonderful pastry goodies were fantastic, but will also mention that it was pleasing to have a bowl of fresh fruit supplied daily, given I'm on a bit of a health kick these days. The inn new york city is a great place to stay and I will try one of the other suites next time I'm in town.	
Jul 2 2009 	INN NYC...an elegant getaway in a great location!!	While in town for a wedding we stayed in The Library Suite..When we were escorted to our suite ..through the elegant hallway a treat to the eye while classical music was softly playing as we made our way up the stairway past the stained glass lit walls. The suite was covered with floor to ceiling books, and a library ladder,a sky light, a bottle of wine, and all kinds of edible treats.Anything you might need has been thought of. The Inn was in a great location close to some great restaurants, shops, movie theaters...The staff were all incredibly helpful and welcoming!! Our stay at Inn NYCwas truly memorable. We highly reccomend this beautiful,luxorious hotel!	
May 31 2009 	A truly great place to stay.....! A choice you wont regret!	Can't say enough good things about this place !We stayed in the Vermont suite which was situated on two levels, joined by a spiral staircase - The whole place was just so welcoming and comfortable.The location was also great - close enough to everything you want to visit in this great city but far enough off the 'beaten track' to be quite and homely. Being situated in the upper west side, we also found it really convienient for great restaurants in easy walking distance!Inside, as mentioned, was really welcoming and comfortable - enough complimentary snacks and drinks as you could want to make yourself feel right at home and full of all the guides and information you will ever need to finalise or inspire your choice of things to do!In all, I think I can best describe it as like staying in a friends house in one of the greatest cities in the world - it doesn't get much better!It truly deserves it's 'Excellent' rating!	
May 12 2009 	quirky	This is a very interesting place to stay but definitely different and may not suit everyone. It is comfortable and everyone is very friendly and I really enjoyed staying here but left then for a 5 star on Madison and when I go back, I will probably pick the Madison Avenue hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Consistantly Fabulous	Just returned from my second stay. My husband and I work in the city and like to occasionally get theater tickets and stay the weekend. This is absolutely my favorite place to stay. Ruth and Elyn make you feel like your visiting a friends and they have given you your own suite and alot of privacy. On my first visit there was a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator (not a fan of white) this time when making my reservations I asked if they could possibly leave red. On my arrival there was a bottle of Syrah on the counter waiting for me (I LOVE THIS PLACE).I can't really say which suite was my favorite. They were both special in differant ways. The VERMONT SUITE - very private - you have your own entrance - the bedroom being down a spiral staircase is great - I really liked the two levels.The OPERA SUITE - Baby grand piano (my husband played a bit) - Jacuzzi tub in bath which I took advantage of - best part was the private terrace - lucky for us the weather was beautiful so we sat outside in the late afternoon having wine, cheese, crackers and fruit.They are both beautiful. I will definately be back, I have two more suites to try. I just wish there wasn't an extra charge for a 1 night booking, even though I absolutely understand why that is the policy. Hope to be back soon.	
May 1 2009 	Something New to Say . . . hmmm. . . . .	Okay, how about this -- 1-- Great pillows. You don't think that's a big deal? Stay in the &quot;plastic&quot; hotels and tell me you don't sleep better on great pillows and real sheets.2 -- Great neighborhood. You want to live with tourists? Stay in the Times Square area. Great fun but it's not real New York. At this Inn you're living with real people (we spoke to a trombone player next door one night), went to -- and ate at -- a real downtown market and learned how real New Yorkers live.3 -- Great surprises. I won't give any more away but Ruth &amp; Company always had something special awaiting you.4 -- Great location. Did I mention that already? Sorry. This time I mean that the neaby subway is so close to the Inn that you're back in (one of) your rooms in no time even if you were having drinks in Greenwich Village just a few minutes earlier.We stayed 4 nights in the Vermont suite and it was so quiet at night that I could hear nothing all night long. Newspaper every morning. Fresh orange juice. Nice people. Great neighborhood and local restaurants.What am I doing here?? I'm heading back -- soon!	
Apr 8 2009 	GO FOR IT!!	We're just home from a perfect stay at Inn New York City. If you are planning a trip to NYC, just go for it and opt for the Inn. We had a warm and welcoming, but inobstrusive, visit to the Spa Suite. The bath and in-suite sauna are fabulous extras you will not find in a high-rise hotel!Cuisine was our primary objective in New York. After dining at Per Se, Le Bernardin, and Jean-Georges, Inn NYC was the perfect &quot;pamper yourself&quot; complement. It is located in the PERFECT neighborhood. We were able to walk EVERYWHERE - The Metropolitan Opera, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Natural History Museum, Broadway and ALL the restaurants. Also ... try the recommended Cafe Luxembourg. We did and enjoyed every bite.It's worth every penny!	
Apr 6 2009 	A unique experience in NYC	Very difficult to say something new about this inn, but it is as good as everyone says and better than we even dreamed it would be.We stayed in the Vermont suite for 8 nights. It’s the cheapest of the four suites but by no means sub-standard. It’s simply delightful in every way. After a long journey from Paris and a horrible immigration experience at Newark, we were greeted by Ruth and Agnes (the housekeeper) and felt right at home and pampered from the first moment. This is a 100 year old house, so don’t expect perfectly level flooring and soulless conformity of fittings. The charm of the inn lies in its individuality, and the unparalleled attention to detail and desire to administer to your comfort by your hosts. It’s evident that Ruth &amp; Elyn have poured their own personalities into each suite, so you feel you are an honoured guest in your host’s house, not customers in a chain motel. They want you to feel at home, but it’s more the kind of home you WISHED you lived in. No service is too difficult – they even washed my small clothes which I didn’t expect. Richard, who has been with the Inn for many years, carried our bags down the spiral staircase for us. Everything you use is replaced daily, so you are never without.Highlights: The plethora of fascinating books and magazines lying around for you to relax with when the weather is wet or you just need to take a break. Don’t bother going to Barnes and Noble to find something to read – a daily paper is provided as well as novels, recent magazines and even old playbills from NY theatres to rummage through.Food: breakfast is continental and delicious , and there is a never-ending supply of jams, fruits, cream cheese for your bagels, tarts, pie, cheese, wine, what more could you want. The chocolates are refreshed each day which is bad for the figure but sooo good for the sense of luxury you are wrapped in.Internet: free, fast, wireless and reliable.TV: One up and one down both with good cable. Not that we spent much time watching tv.Extras: gorgeous thick bathrobes, umbrellas, cds, and board games if you are trapped inside on a rainy day.Comfort: bed is firm and great for the muscles. I happen to like firm beds so this one was perfect. Rooms are thermostated so you can set your comfort level. Bathroom is sweet and water is hot. Towels are sumptuous, toiletries comprehensive. There is even a bath pillow and a facial scrub set.Location: Brilliant. The street is quiet and safe, and lots of charming brownstones to be found. The apartment is one street away from the subway, plenty of excellent cafes and restaurants nearby such as Cafe Luxembourg, Cafe Lalo, Gray’s Papaya hot dog store, Zabar’s, Fairway and Citarella markets, as well as many chain stores. We walked to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. Columbus Circle is also an easy walk, as is Riverside Park. To sum up: this is a unique experience in NY city. A great deal of thought and effort goes into making your stay one you will treasure. Ruth and Elyn have carefully designed each suite to make you feel not just comfortable, but special. They succeed à merveille.	
Apr 3 2009	Home away from home	We stayed in the library suite and we felt as if we belonged there. So comfortable and interesting were all the books and antiques we could just move in. The kitchen had all the convenieces and it was completely stocked with everything we needed. If there was anything wanting all you have to do is request it and there it is. Because of the comfort of the Inn we had a cozy and wonderful stay. The only bad thing was we only had 4 nights to visit . It was like stepping back in time but with all the amenities of today.	
Mar 23 2009 	So welcoming!	My teenage son and I stayed in the Vermont Suite. It was perfect for us. Very private with its own entrance and patio, and so close to the subway for all the sightseeing we wanted to do in New York. And a short walk to Central Park, and Museum Mile.But those are just details that will not disappoint. What I loved best was the interesting, homey decor. Full of books and magazines that, no matter what your taste, will allow you a good read at the end of the day. I love surprises, and there were fun antique surprises throughout the suite. Every day, I kept discovering new and thoughtful things that our hostesses had added.I think everyone whose written about the Inn has talked about the wonderful food and snacks that were provided. I felt a bit guilty that we didn't eat them all, but they were in such abundance!At the end of our stay, there were no extra charges. That too was a surprise. I've rarely been to a place where all the amenities are free.I felt that our hostesses were concerned that we take advantage of all they had to offer, and have an especially great time. Believe me Ruth. We did.	
Mar 11 2009 	Just charming!	what a wonderful place. Quirky in the best possible way and the two lovely owners leave fresh cakes for you every day. Just such a great find and really one the the best, no THE best, places we've stayed in NYC. We had the spa suite which was superb - biggest bath i've ever seen complete with a romantic fire in the bathroom and a sauna! Big rooms particularly for NYC.fab!	
Mar 7 2009 	All we hoped for and more	This review is a bit late in the writing however better late than never. This Hotel has been recommended by so many people what more can we add. After being made redundant i fulfilled a dream trip to spend the new year in New York. Well you could not have asked for anything more than the, Inn New York City.Wonderful hosts,Ruth and Elyn,who were so helpful.We couldn't wait for each day to see what goodies would be left for us - we were never disappointed. We stayed in the Vermont suite where the fridge was full of supplies every day along with bagels,croissants,cakes,fruit and plenty of sweets! If you'd like a hotel in a great location,spotlessly clean, great hosts and a real 'home from home' look no further - just don't book when we want to return!!!!!!!!!! The Rees family (49,52,20,18). Thanks Ruth and Elyn for a holiday to remember.	
Mar 5 2009 	Townhouse Delight	If you want a true New York experience without sacrificing any of the niceties of hotel ammenities, this is the place to stay. This classic townhouse is situated on a quiet street, but is within a short walk of Central Park, the 72nd street subway, and an abundance of taxis on the Avenues. We stayed in 'The Library', which is the entire top floor. The rooms were well appointed and lacked for nothing. We have stayed at condos with minimal accesories like dishes, but the Inn provides everything you could think of or want including food, wine, snacks, glasses, pots, pans, etc. etc. Even a washer/dryer! Since this is a 4 unit Inn, so you have complete privacy. But the owners were always available when called. We were entirely delighted.	
Feb 21 2009 	A Jewel	This was our first stay at the Inn and it blew us away. I was planning a surprise weekend for a special occassion, and as was looking to splurge for 4-5 star accomodations. The Plaza, Trump, and others were looking good but then I stumbled accross the Inn. Oh man, this place is awesome. Unlike a hotel, here you have all the comfort, space, and privacy of home. Elyn and the staff were so warm to us; they obviously take pride in their Inn. We had the country-decorated Vermont Suite which has two levels. It has a private entrance off the street, so we felt like we were living in the city in our own place. Sweets, breakfast pastry, fresh fruit and other surprises greeted us. This a real neighborhood and by staying here a couple of days you see a delightful side of New York City you can't experience at the big hotels. A good location: safe-clean-quiet, subway station at the corner, restaurants, bakeries, markets, church, Central Park, museums, all within walking distance; we walked home Saturday night from the MET.	
Feb 8 2009 	A unique alternative	We stayed 2 nights in the Library Suite to celebrate a special birthday. I agree with the other reviewers concerning the uniqueness of such a place, the consideration shown by the owners, the attempts to think of everything one might need etc. We never saw or heard another guest, despite it being a full house. The location near LIncoln Center is superb. The only drawback is the lack of ability by the guest to control the use of the fireplace. The reason we chose this inn rather than a standard hotel was because of the fireplace. We were so looking forward to using it but discovered that use was limited to 11 AM to 5 PM and that the fire had to be set by the owners (due to insurance regulations). I can understand if they need to maintain this policy but I feel it should be noted on their website when they offer suites with working fireplaces. It was a major disappointment for us.	
Feb 3 2009 	Home from home - only better!	Stayed in the Vermont Suite which was lovely...so relaxing...coming through our own entrance each night made us feel like we owned our own slice of manhattan....!! We brought our own cds, put the music on, put our feet up, &amp; read the ny times while drinking a glass (or two) of wine..perfect end to an evening - especially a cold winter night in NY!Breakfast great with fresh supplies every morning from zabars as part of the price.Not far from Central Park (15mins walk). Very close to underground, yet on a quiet side street. The stop also had express trains that get u to lower manhattan &amp; times sq much quicker.All in all a perfect stay and defintley would go back! Have already recommended to friends who have stayed and agreed with us!	
Jan 20 2009 	Just as we expected	We stayed at the inn for Christmas 2008. We had the Piano Suite which is on the ground floor.After reading many reviews we thought we would give this place a go and we were not disapointed.Before we arrived we asked Ruth if she would get us a Christmas tree, and indeed when we arrived it was in our suite waiting for us, Ruth also gave us a basket of festive decorations for us to decorate the tree. The Suite was very clean and so so lovely . Huge fire place, stained glass ceiling, full kitchen ( with lots of food &amp; drink items at no extra charge) his and hers dressing robes and of course the baby grand piano. Infact it had everything and more you could want.The bathroom is quite small but very well equiped with everything you need.We had a small terrace with chairs (which we didnt use as it was covered in snow) .Would we return, well yes and noYes for a special occasion such as ChristmasNo for a few days in NYC just for a quick shopping tripIf you can afford to stay here it is a wonderfull place its like having your own appartment in NYC. and if we ever return to NYC for Christmas again, we wouldnt hesitate to book into the Inn New York City.	
Dec 29 2008 	super alternative to a hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed in the Spa Suite December 13 - 15, 2008. It exceeded every expectation. Our room was on the second floor and was actually three seperate areas. The bedroom had a wonderful king sized bed that was very comfortable. The galley-type kitchen was fully functional - microwave, oven, dishwasher &amp; refrigerator. The fridge was stocked with wine, cheese, quiche, milk, oj &amp; water. Bagels, danishes, oatmeal, coffee were also right there at your fingertips. The bathroom was simply unbelieveable! Jacuzzi tub, sauna, seperate shower and a fire place. If you're looking for a romantic getaway - this is your place. The moment you walk into the house, you feel as though you're in your own private home. The Inn is in walking distance to the subway &amp; neighborhood restaurants. It was just such a delightful alternative to the standard hotel. We really felt special and are looking foward to returning. The inn-keepers have thought of every detail.	
Dec 18 2008 	It's Still Heaven On Earth	This was our third time staying at the Inn. We stayed in the Library Suite for 8 days. I cried when I left. But one day into our stay we booked for next year. There aren't enough acalades to describe how we feel about the Inn, the way it's run, the ambiance and the owners - Ruth and Ellen -- it's absolutely incredible. Everything at the Inn is first rate - truly - from the decorating to the cleanilness of the suites and attention to detail even down to the way the towels are folded are top shelf. We have suggested in the past to go to their website to see what we're so excited about every time we stay there. We literally got home about three hours ago, unpacked and wanted to make sure to we didn't forget to do our trip advisor note because everyone deserves to feel like a superstar celebrity at least once in their lives. Believe us, if you stay at the Inn, you will. Enjoy.Joseph and Diane from Florida	
Dec 6 2008 	Fantastic time at the Inn New York City	I celebrated a special birthday this year and as a treat to myself decided on a trip to New York. Found the Inn New York City quite by chance when browsing through Trip Advisor, thought it looked excellent and booked in for 3 nights to the Vermont Suite.It did not disappoint! A beautiful apartment a haven from the hustle and bustle of days of sightseeing and shopping! Once the door was closed it was probably the closest to New York living experience ever! The apartment was very comfortable, spotlessly clean and all the personal touches provided - home baking waiting for us when we returned every evening, bedding and towels changed every day - I cannot praise the Inn enough! Position was within walking distance to all major attractions, weather was fantastic whilst we were there and you did not mind the walking, although it was chilly. Central Park, John Lennon apartment, Ghostbusters building they were all within 10 mintue walk.Would thoroughly recommend for a totally different way to vist New York.	
Dec 1 2008 	A very nice find	This is an unusal hotel in that it is extremely small and well appointed. The price point, although high, is justified if you want a pleasant yet not as tourist experience in a much less traveled part of New York. My daughter (15) and I shared the Library Suite and it was ideal for us. However, there is no food service on property so you have to be comfortable with being in a neighborhood, taking the very accessible subway, and being a distance away from the action of Times Square. It felt like I was staying at an Aunt's apartment in New York for the weekend.I would recommend the Inn of New York and plan to return.	
Nov 25 2008 	Romantic Hideaway in the Big City	Even after reading all the positive reviews, Inn New York City exceeded our expectations. What a unique and comforting spot within short walking distance to The Met, Central Park and access to the Subway.We stayed in the Spa Suite and completely enjoyed the big tub and sauna and fabulous rain shower. The Suite was uniquely decorated with all the comforts anyone might require.. Miss Ruth was a charming host and even taught me ( a Southerner) to put on my winter scarf New York style!The yummy treats in the kitchenette were quite delicious and we especially enjoyed the quiche with cheddar cheese and the wonderful fresh fruit. I am someone who needs peace and quiet to enjoy a vacation. Too many people stress me out. This wonderful Boutique Hotel allowed me to enjoy the energy and excitement of the big city knowing that a quiet space was just steps away. We also found that we could spend just a little $$$ at one of the amazing gourmet food stores just up Broadway (Fairway &amp; Zabar's) to have a delicious and quiet meal.. Inn New York City kitchenette had all that we needed to utilize the markets.Hope that we may return soon.	
Nov 25 2008 	A "home away from home" on a wonderful honeymoon in NYC	We stayed in the Vermont suite for 5 nights during the coldest week in NYC history (for a November anyhow!) It was so nice to know that our &quot;home&quot; was waiting for us all warm and inviting after a hypothermic day sightseeing!The Vermont suite is the cheapest option of the bunch probably because it's on the ground floor (with its own entrance) and the bedroom is below in the cellar (with little natural light of its own). This just added to the ambience and character of the suite making it more homely during the fall/winter months. I may prefer to be in one of the other suites during the summer though.Ruth is very welcoming and the housemaids are fabulous. There are a veriety of foods provided from fresh produce to bagels, croissants and cakes that were replenished each day.The kitched was small but perfectly functional for our needs. I dare say you could cook a full thanksgiving roast in there if you wanted to but most of the time we just eat out locally up around 86th street area or during the day while siteseeing.I wouldn't recomend this specific suite to anyone who may have trouble with a metal spiral staircase as although it was gorgeous to look at and fine for us 30 something honeymooners, I can imagine it might be a bit of a handful for some less able guests.I would definatley recomend this hotel for a honeymoon or special occasion, or those of you with dollars to spend who only want the best that NYC has to offer. I really think that this probably is the best most luxurious place you can find in NYC, and even more so if you don't want all the hussle &amp; bussle of a normal hotel.Finally, I personally think the location was very good. Its just a few minutes walk to the subway and then only another block or two to central park. We used the subway and busses most but did walk down to Time Square from the hotel once, and it was a nice walk via Columbus Circle down Broadway and although I cant remember exactly I guess it probably didn't take much longer than 30 minutes.	
Nov 6 2008 	Perfect Inn New York	We stayed in the Spa Suite and found not only the room to be excellent but the service as well. The room is better equipped than our house with a tv, cable, an iron and ironing board, a kitchen stocked with complementary snacks, air conditioning, and of course a spa bath and sauna.The hotel is one block away from the 72nd Street Subway station and close to Central park we had no problem getting around and loved the location.We were treated extremely well at this hotel with exactly the right mix of privacy and informal professional service. We will most definitely be returning on our next visit to the Big Apple.	
Oct 17 2008 	Brilliant!	We had four days at the Inn with my wife and two teenage children aged 14 and 16. If you you want times sqaure hustle and buslte, sterile square rooms and magnolia walls, forget it. This place is real New York. The apartments we stayed in (the Library Suite) was amazing with wonderful decor and something new to spot every time we looked around. The beds were comfortable and the apartment was spotlessly clean. This place has real charm. The owners of the apartment did everything they could to make our stay a pleasure including providing fresh bagels and juices and the like everyday for breakfats or snacks. Even going so far as to tailor the food they provided based on our likes and dislikes. Everyday something home baked would arrive and it was always good for the tastebuds if not the figure!Our only regret was not being able to spend more time in the apartment and appreciate it better. This was our first time in New York so we were out everyday exploring. The location is in a great spot on Upper West Side and a two minute walk to the subway station with an express train straight to Times Square. There are plenty of shops and eating places nearby and we always felt safe walking around upper west side even at 11 at night.Thanks for a great stay Ruth &amp; Elyn .	
Oct 15 2008 	Perfect	My wife and i stayed 5 nights in the Vermont suite which was wonderful. The Inn New York City is situated on West 71st Street which is a very quiet residential area, but only 1 block away from the subway on 72nd street, so very easy to get to the main areas of NYC.The suite we stayed in was wonderful for relaxing after a hard day of sightseeing. it is a duplex apartment with a kitchen and lounge area, the downstairs is a lovely bedroom and bathroom. It is like having your own home in NY. Each day, the housekeeper would leave us cakes/cookies/pies and other goodies. The fridge was always stocked with milk, orange juice etc. We also had fresh fruit and Granola.The area around the Inn is very safe, with lots of good restaurants within easy walking distance (try Cafe Luxembourg on 70th and Amsterdam Ave). Central Park is only 2 blocks away, the Lincoln Centre is also close by (great place to see opera/show), plus there is an IMAX cinema on 69th/Columbus if you fancy a movie one night. If you prefer to have breakfast at a traditional diner, try out the one on the corner of 72nd/West End Ave, the blueberry pancakes and maple syrup are wonderful.I would recommend the Inn New York City to anyone visiting NY, it is the perfect place to come back to and unwind, rather than being in a small hotel room (which is generally what you get in NY)	
Oct 14 2008	okay hotel	hotel was decent, would recommend it to others	
Sep 16 2008 	Wonderfully Different	Inn New York City is a unique experience and one that should not be missed. The accommodations in a converted townhouse are luxurious, the woodwork is beautiful and functional, and the amenities and staff exceptionally thoughtful. It would be the perfect place for a honeymoon or other romantic trip. This is not a good place for small children, and one must be able to climb stairs, as there are no elevators. If you need a break from standard hotel layout and furnishings, you will love the Inn. The location is on the upper east side, so it is not near the theater district, but it is a short walk to Lincoln center, central park, etc. We had no problem getting taxis in the neighborhood. There is no identifying sign outside, only the address on a small marquee over the front stoop. If you catch a taxi to get there, be sure to tell the driver that the block is between Broadway and West End.	
Sep 4 2008 	A Sanctuary!	What a wonderful stay we had at the Inn New York City, it was everything you read here at Trip Advisor and more.We were a party of 4, 2 women and 2 teenage girls booked in the Library Suite for 5 nights, August 19th - 24th.The Library Suite is on the top floor of the Inn, 2 interior flights up... from the moment we walked in the front door we felt like we were home. Elyn showed us up to our suite giving us a tour as we went. All the comforts of home abound in this gorgeous apartment with full kitchen, living room, beautiful dining area and charming bedroom with sun streaming in from the leaded glass skylights ~ We all loved it immediately!Our kitchen was well stocked with treats and breakfast items including fresh bagels, croissants, danishes, granola and assorted other pastries/pies/brownies which were replenished daily during our stay. We also found other snacks like cheeses and quiche in the refrigerator, various flavours of sodas and premium brand waters. A fresh fruit basket piled high with a variety of fruits - when we requested extra strawberries we soon had more than we knew what to do with!  There was also gourmet ground coffee which we enjoyed each morning, freshly perked as we read the paper that was quietly slipped under our door. The suite has a stove, oven, toaster oven and all the dishes, glassware, pots &amp; pans, cutlery, appliances and kitchen implements you could possible need to cook a meal. Behind two wood panels is the hidden laundry area with washer/.dryer/soaps and fabric softeners, bleach, iron etc... everything you would need for a longer stay.The suite itself was cheerful and bright with high ceilings, floral carpeting, granite countertops, leather furniture, fresh flowers, various artwork, photographs and of course shelves and shelves of books. We especially enjoyed the lovely &amp; large dining area where we had breakfast each day.Our bed was very comfortable with luxurious linens, also the queen size sofa bed in the living room was comfortable and was turned down for us each night while we were out at dinner or a show. It was lovely to come 'home' to find soft lighting and our beds prepared for us. We appreciated the pocket doors the closed off the living room from the rest of the suite - it separated us from the giggling teens who had their privacy.In the bedroom there was a lovely reading area with plush chair and ottoman by a cozy fireplace. We loved the whimsical decorations throughout the suite such as vintage luggage piled atop the wardrobe, large wooden propeller &amp; toboggan on the living room brick.There were plenty of luxurious towers and thick robes for each of us. Soaps, lotions, shampoos &amp; conditioners ever an electric shoe polisher in the bedroom, everything you could think of and more from umbrellas to first aid supplies was tucked away in the many cupboards and closets.The suite had a digital safe in the closet so we could lock up our valuables. We enjoyed the fact there was 2 televisions both with DVD player which we used often during our stay, borrowing from the Inn's collection of DVDs.We never heard a sound from the Inn hosts, staff or the other guests. The Inn New York City is a quiet respite from the craziness of the Big Apple. At times it was hard to believe that just out our door was this huge busy city we really felt like we were out in the country somewhere.The location of the Inn is fabulous, literally a 3 minute walk to the 72nd street subway and 1 stop away is Times Square. A 10 - 15 minute stroll has you at Central Park, we loved walking along Broadway with tons of shopping. We had meals in some wonderful little Italian restaurants on Broadway just minutes away. The Lincoln center movie AMC IMAX theatre is just a couple of blocks away as well.On 71st street there is a Cafe 71 shop with fresh bakery, pizzeria, paninis, salads, eat in or take out - we stopped there almost every day for something. Also, just by the subway station is Gray's Papaya for a quick (and cheap) bite to eat.We absolutely loved our stay with Ruth &amp; Elyn who made sure we were comfortable, safe, informed and rested. The housekeeping staff made everything gleam and our suite was spotless for us every day. Thank you Inn New York City we will be back again one day!	
Sep 1 2008	As expected	We spent four nights at Inn NYC, and shared the excellent experience of other guests. It's not like a hotel at all, and the better for it (for me, hotels feel like work). The area (upper west side) is lovely. Right by the park, and plenty of restaurants. Quite a hike for the stuff we had to do in Greenwich/Noho, though. Service and attitude delightful. Only one negative, and an unavoidable one: The Vermont suite, the only one available when we booked late, is in the basement/cellar over two levels. This means very little natural light. We'd book one of the higher ones if we were to return.	
Aug 21 2008 	Highest level of customer service from Ruth and Elyn	On cancellation of the room we had booked months ago,due to unforeseen circumstances, Ruth and Elyn, where truly very impressive, without any questions only with lovely emails, our deposit was refunded within two days. These Lady,s are true professionals who really look after theircustomers even the one,s like us who cancel. I cannot say enough about their high standard of customer service, other than you would be mad to stay elsewhere.	
Aug 8 2008 	Quite Unique	Everything others have written is correct, but from our perspective, here is another angle. If you are wanting a 5 star big bustling hotel with concierge, valet, health spa, pools, entertainment, nightclubs, shops on premises, people watching, restaurants and noise, this is not for you at all.If on the other hand, you want to experience 4 rooms only, no noise and with great shops, restaurants and everything NY has to offer, virtually within walking distance and also where the locals go, this could be right up your street. Excellent housekeeping, unobtrusive, helpful when asked and always on call if needed.Extraordinary place for people who want and expect something different. Stayed in the Opera suite with my wife from the 3rd to the 7th August which although slightly on the dark side, has a private terrace which made it for us and is virtually unheard of in any NY Hotels. It's not for everyone, it's for people who demand class from another era without all the hoi-poloi that usually is associated from a top snotty hotel. We will definately return when next in the area. Thx Elyn and Ruth. P&amp;F.	
Jul 28 2008 	I just loved it	This hotel is a little piece of peace in New York !!It's Very quiteIt's very convenient because the subway is 5 mns from the hotelThere is a great Citarella Supermarket (5-10 mns)The people are so niceI will come back for sure	
Jul 15 2008 	Perfect Stay at the Inn New York City!	We had stayed at the Inn New York City before in January, and it was such a pleasant experience that we had only one choice for our return visit on our honeymoon! We stayed in the Vermont Suite both times, and even though the price is higher than most other New York hotels, you have to consider what you're getting at the price.First off, the staff here makes you feel as if you're priority #1. You need any help or recommendations? One phone call handles everything. You are greeted personally upon your arrival, and your luggage and needs are immediately attended to. The kitchen is always stocked with yummy snacks, and there's complimentary wine/cheese/refreshments in the fridge. Need laundry done on your trip? Just put it in the laundry bag and everything is returned cleaned and folded that evening. You really can't beat the service!The location is fantastic. It's away from the Times Square chaos, yet close enough to get there in minutes. You're next to a major subway station. It's a long city block away. 4 blocks to Central Park. We ended up purchasing a one week subway pass and the entire city was at our disposal.The Vermont Suite is simply wonderful. The main floor has a roomy living room area and kitchen. Nice furnishings and a comfy leather sofa which has a bed if you need it. Down a narrow spiral staircase is the bedroom. In the heat of a New York summer, it was always comfortably cool down there. The size of this suite is 3-4 times what you'd get at a Times Square hotel. Complimentary bath robes, high end toiletries, and free wireless internet access are all provided. What more could you want in your stay?If you're in the city, but want a more relaxed feel, you just HAVE to stay here. We look forward to coming back during our next trip to the big apple!	
Jul 5 2008 	Wonderful stay @ the Inn	We stayed for 5 nights in the Opera Suite. Our stay couldn't be better! Here are some words to describe a stay at this oasis in the City.Luxury stay Perfect service and attention to detailQuiet (but central) neighborhood - subway is just 3 minutes away!...Your personal home in New York CityWe will definitely go back!	
Jul 2 2008 	The Place to Stay!	We have just returned from a five-day stay at the Inn New York City. I hesitate to write this review, because once the news is out that this is indeed THE place to stay while in New York City, we suspect it will always be booked and we'll have a hard time getting reservations ourselves!That having been said, however, this is truly a fantastic boutique hotel on the Upper West Side of Manhattan; a short walk to the Metro and just another block or two to Central Park. The owners are two wonderful ladies who go to every length to ensure that your stay is comfortable and memorable, right down to the freshly squeezed orange juice, delicious munchies from Zabar's, and fresh flowers and chocolates. Make sure you ask their advice on the best places to eat and people/celebrity-watch!Our first trip to New York City found us in the &quot;Library Room&quot;, ample room for the two of us and our two teenaged sons.We stayed in the &quot;Spa Suite&quot; this second time around which was perfect for just the two of us.We look forward to enjoying the remaining two suites available (the &quot;Vermont&quot; and the &quot;Opera&quot; Suites).We encourage anyone contemplating a trip to New York to visit the website of the Inn New York City and choose one of their four rooms to have a truly New York experience! You will not be disappointed.	
Jun 11 2008 	Total Luxury	We knew before we went that Inn New York City would be fantastic and we weren't disappointed. Ruth and Elyn made it their job to see that we were totally comfortable and had everything we needed. The treats in the kitchen were wonderful and very welcome - there was no having to think about how much milk, bread, orange juice etc there was left, everything was restocked every day! The Vermont Suite was always beautifully clean,including the bed linen. At night it was quiet, which we appreciated. We felt safe walking around the neighbourhood night and day.The nearest subway was only a short walk away, and if we caught the express train we were in Times Square in 5 minutes. We strolled to Central Park (10 minutes), which was a fabulous oasis of green. My husband even hired a bike for a couple of hours! As first time visitors to New York we knew we would love it, but finding Inn New York City was the cherry on top of a large delicious cake and we hope to visit again very soon.	
May 15 2008 	A Fantastic Anniversary Treat	Having trawled many websites looking for the perfect hotel for our silver wedding anniversary celebrations we happened upon Inn New York City. We booked the Vermont suite for 5 nights and had a fantastic stay. It was such a pleasure to be able to head back to a quiet little oasis, put our feet up and relax without the bother of lifts, keycards, etc. Ruth was very helpful and the suite was spotless - all linen changed every day. We enjoyed our leisurely breakfasts and, an added bonus, the 72nd St subway at the end of the road was on an express line to downtown so travel was amazingly easy. Central Park was a short walk away as was the river in the other direction. Altogether great accommodation in a wonderful location.	
May 6 2008 	Return visit to the Vermont Suite	We returned to Scotland today after 5 nights at Inn New York City. We first stayed for 4 nights in the Vermont Suite in October 06 and adored it so when we decided to visit New York again there was absolutely no question as to where to stay- it had to be Inn at New York City. Ruth and Elyn ensure that the welcome, accommodation and attention to detail are all exceptional. 266 west 71st is an ideal location for the city yet extremely peaceful-perfect for both young and older romantics!	
Apr 27 2008 	Perfection!	We just returned from our 3rd stay at the Inn New York City. As always it was perfection! If you want to experience this city like a true New Yorker, this is the place to stay. From the moment you climb the steps of the townhouse, you feel like you are entering your own apartment. The kitchen is stocked each day with wine &amp; gourmet snacks and the rooms are spotless. The Upper West Side neigborhood is quiet and clean. It is so quiet that you forget there are other guests in the building. This place is a true gem!	
Apr 20 2008 	A Romantic Find	We were looking for the most romantic getaway in Manhattan, and we found it. There is no commercial sign out front --it's that perfect. We felt at once comfortable and luxurious. We slept under down covers with a window cracked open for spring air. the service began before we arrived. We asked, and Ruth let us know by e-mail where to find the best fish &amp; vegetable markets in the neighborhood. We cooked swordfish and pasta in the well-equipped galley kitchen and ate on a nook-like table for two. The glass-wall shwoer is also for two, as is the hot tub -- we were in the &quot;Spa Suite.&quot; Ruth and Elyn live downstairs and are awlays available, except late at night. Agnes slips in magically to restore order but never disturbs.  Only the most remarkable sourpusses would not think a weekend here is like a honeymoon. Howard &amp; Annie	
Apr 14 2008 	Beloved Inn	Ruth made our stay wonderful. Attention to detail, impeccable service. Both the room and the location surpassed our expectations by a long way. You do not find many Inn in Upper West. This is a little gem. My wife and I stayed for three days. We hate big, anonymus, chain hotel. We love to feel home everywheare we are. This place we started to call it &quot;home&quot; the same day we arrived. And we are still. Just to make sure we are not overrating the place, we will mention two minor drawbacks: first, we did not get the room we wanted and the room we got in (Opera Suite) was a little too dark; second, the stereo in the entrance is playing opera music day and night too loudly. But again, those are peanuts. We will be back soon, Ruth.	
Apr 14 2008 	Loved "Inn New Yok'' and Ruth 	Staying at &quot;Inn New york&quot; was booked as a surprise present, and what a fantastic surprise present it was! . Having stayed at a great many hotels in New York, &quot;Inn New York&quot; is incomprable! We stayed in the Opera suite, very glamarous and spacious, with your every need taken care of through the thoughtful touches of Ruth and Ellie, both of whom are around to offer up some if NYC's best kept secrets, such at the excellent sunday flea market at Columbus Ave. between W. 76 &amp; 77 St. (Upper West Side - highly recommended. We can't wait to go back!	
Apr 13 2008 	What an Incredible Place!	I brought my girlfriend to NYC for the first time. She had no idea that I planned on proposing to her when we first arrived. After a spectacular engagement in Central Park, I shared with my fiancee that we were not staying at the Sheraton, but in fact were going to a cozy B&amp;B on the Upper West Side. When we arrived, she didn't even realize that the Inn was tucked away in a quaint residential neighborhood. Our stay was phenomenal. We enjoyed four nights in the Spa Suite, enjoying all it had to offer. The galley kitchen was a nice convenience, although we did not spend much time there because we wanted to take in all the fantastic food in the area. Each night we came home early enough to relax in the Jacuzzi tub with a glass of wine/champagne. This was by far the best part of the Suite.Like the other reviews mention, this is an ideal location. It's one block to the nearest train, which can take to you to every where you need/want to be. The cafe at W 71st and Amsterdam is great for a quick bite to begin or end your day, but the 72nd St Deli just another block away has some great bagels and pastries.I think that this trip will be tough to beat for my fiancee and I. I went over-the-top for this trip and it was well worth it. I would and already have recommended Inn New York City to most of the people I know and will definitely return for years to come.Thank you to Elyn and Ruth, who made our stay so wonderful. Your home and your hospitality are truly amazing.	
Apr 8 2008 	NYC brownstone!	Because my partner and I were relocating to New York City, we thought this place sounded perfect for the two weeks we would need to find an apartment. We were hoping to find something that would feel more like a home than a hotel and Inn New York City was just perfect for us!The Inn is basically a brownstone on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. The owners see to it that you are well taken care of, but do not interfere when they are not needed, so you really feel like you have your own apartment in the city, and they even do your laundry upon request.We ended up staying in the Opera Suite on the main floor as it was the only one available for the entire 2 weeks we would need. We were very pleased with the arrangement of the suite. There were no stairs to climb (other than the steps outside), which was helpful for us at the time. Inside the suite we had a lovely firm - and very comfortable - queen sized bed facing the fireplace. We only used the fireplace one night, but Ruth, one of the two owners, needs to come and light a firelog due to too many mishaps of guests in the past, but it was lovely all the same. You do need to be aware, however, that the owner needs to be notified in the afternoon if you would like a fire in the evening. We also really loved having a kitchen with everything you could ever need to cook and we enjoyed preparing some of our own meals from time to time. They also leave fresh sweets, fruits, and flowers every afternoon along with some basics such as juice, milk, and quiche in the fridge.Our suite also had a baby grand piano in it along with many piano books and opera magazines - great for the classical music lover!The only downside for me is that one night I fell terribly ill with food poisoning and was not able to get a hold of anyone in the inn as it was the middle of the night. There was an emergency contact number for the inn by the phone, but nobody answered. As we were new to the city, we were hoping they could put us in touch with an emergency doctor. I did eventually find a house doctor online who was able to come to the inn the following morning - which was a lifesaver!Overall we were very satisfied with our stay here as it was greatly helpful in our transition of moving to the city. I would highly recommend it for anyone visiting the city looking for something more personable than a hotel.Oh, and the Inn really does look exactly like the photos on their website, so no need to post any of my own.	
Apr 6 2008 	Unbelievable - just the best in NYC	Superb. In every way this is superb and amazing. This is the best place to stay in NYC. Forget the penthouses in the name hotels – this is luxury with quiet and personal service. We had the library suite. It is the top floor – yes floor of a townhouse. The pictures on the site are accurate. The kitchenette (with clothes washer/dryer) is functional and the hosts stock it for you. The stained glass in the ceiling is beautiful. There is also a 3-fold pocket door for separation to make the living room more intimate. Two fireplaces, large and very comfortable oversized queen bed. It cannot get better than this in NYC. No more impersonal hotels for us. This is it forever when visiting NYC.	
Mar 31 2008 	A residence for life's travellers	Living in the Opera Suite is akin to staying at the New York pied-à-terre of a graceful, thoughtful but racy Aunt who might have just popped out for an evening at the Met. You would not expect 24-hour room service from your virtual Aunt, and you will not find it at Inn New York City. But the merits of this elegant, genteel establishment far outweigh and compensate for the lack of facilities on offer in more renowned hotels.Ruth, the owner, operates a discrete and mannered refuge on the Upper West Side. There is no hotel sign and the Inn both looks and acts like a polished private residence. Residents and owner are quiet and take other guests into consideration: guests in the Opera Suite are asked not to play the baby grand piano after 10pm as the residents of the Spa suite upstairs similarly refrain from using their whirlpool tub after hours. Ruth asks for a discreet buzz on the button at the bottom of the stairs as you leave, so that the housekeeper can go into your room, and is willing to come at any time up to 9pm to light the fire in your bedroom. The décor is eclectic, part art deco, part French, part Edwardian, part 1950s floral chic: not quite over the top, but lovers of minimalism should look elsewhere. The Inn’s website has four lovely short films with piano music to illustrate each suite and the anticipation they create does not disappoint. There are heavy drapes and wooden New York shutters. The house feels loved, polished and personal. Aged graceful wooden cabinets have style, even if they creak a little with age, along with some floorboards. There is a small but full kitchen, again slightly aged but utterly charming and with more utensils than you will ever use during your visit, all of which looked as they had been gathered with care at antique markets. Fabrics have been chosen with care and thought, as have the individual pictures, lamps and soft furnishings. Opera magazines, old copies of magazines, sheet music, soft throws and books are scattered throughout the suite. Wardrobes and individually chosen armoires reinforce the feeling that this is a residence rather than a hotel. As the day fades into darkness, the Opera Suite comes alive with gorgeous dimmed lighting, and the fireplace. Make sure you take someone with you who can play the honey-tone baby grand, preferably slow jazz or melancholy chansons. The subway is one block away, taxis are always available as are private cars if you need one. The coffee shops, restaurants and upmarket boutiques on Columbus are a few minutes away, the Lincoln Centre and cinemas five minutes walk, Central Park no more than seven. Ruth fills the Suite each day with pastries, cakes, cheeses, crackers, chocolate, fruit and a myriad of little treats. Basic supplies are provided, more than enough for breakfast each day. If the weather is warm enough, you could breakfast outside on the shrub-filled terrace. An antique writing desk adds elegance to the room and the wifi worked flawlessly. The phone line is direct but there is voice mail and the line will ring through to the office is left to ring. Residents have their own keys and Ruth lays little traps of sweet jars throughout the hallway, to distract you from the flowers and the sherry she has left out.I saw no other residents during my stay but you do hear them. This is an old house, and it has all the gentle creaks and footfalls which that entails. The bathroom in the Opera Suite is on the small side and both it and the kitchen might eventually benefit from updating of fittings. But please, Ruth, keep the worn and loved elegance. I adored all the eclectic pots, plates and dishes in the kitchen cupboards and the bathroom was piled with soft towels, toiletries and robes. This is not the place to stay if you have children with you, even though there is also a sofa bed. If you leave the kids elsewhere and want a romantic, quiet, gentle time to concentrate with a loved one, eat out at leisure, take in something at Lincoln Centre and wander around on foot, this Suite is more than perfect. It is a residence for life’s travellers rather than tourists.	
Mar 21 2008	Peaceful private -- and fun!	Unlike any hotel room, for a few days it was our own incredibly comfortable and completely furnished apartment in a nicely restored upper west side brownstone with parking nearby and a manageable walk to the theater district. We stayed in the Spa Suite, with historically ornate detail and modern conveniences -- and thoroughly enjoyed the plush atmosphere, sauna, spa tub, and unique glassed shower while celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary. A satisfyingly stocked kitchen encouraged us to lounge around for a quiet brunch before heading out on the town. Overall a great treat, certainly suitable for a special event.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great Spot in NYC	Just returned from a two-night stay at Inn New York City. My daughter and I stayed in the Opera Suite -- lovely room, spotless, comfortable, and filled with interesting stuff. Enjoyed the kitchen and the treats. Wonderful touches throughout. Our Opera Suite had a very nice terrace to step out on. We liked the location a lot, very convenient, but on a quiet street. We really loved our stay! Thanks Ruth!	
Feb 21 2008 	super place to stay	Perfect location, lovely suite - so nice to come back to your own warm, welcoming appartment after a day out shopping and sightseeing in nyc. The Inn is a unique and very worth while alternative to the corporate hotels - relaxing and a real NY experience. The upper westside is a great place to stay - great restaurants on the doorstep and central park only a short walk away.Ruth is a lovely hostess - everything is thought of to make your stay perfect. Thank you to her and to all the previous reviewers who recommended the Inn - we had a fabulous time.	
Jan 30 2008 	Just Perfect	My wife and I decided to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary by staying two nights (26/27th Jan) based on other reviews in Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. If you are looking for a flash hotel with &quot;in house&quot; restaurants, bars and a spa, then this isn't for you. If, however, you want the perfect, romantic experience where every detail is taken care of, then this is just what you are looking for.Other reviews paint a great picture of what the Inn is like, but for an idea of the service - what about this. American Airlines lost our bags. We had our special dinner booked with barely anything nearly good enough to wear. We managed to get by with what we were wearing, but what about shoes for my wife. A night at Daniel just isn't the same wearing sneakers!! The solution - Ruth managed to find a pair of hers that did the trick. A catastrophy averted!!!A great home away from home.	
Jan 23 2008 	"Exceeded our expectations!"	My wife and I just spent 2 nights in the Spa Suite over the weekend of Jan 18-20. Our expectations for a &quot;special place&quot; to stay were somewhat set after reading all the reviews here prior to making our recent booking. Well, our expectations were actually exceeded. We both totally agree with ALL the positive comments made in previous reviews, so it's difficult to think of anything new or unique to add. We have traveled extensively for both business and pleasure over the past 35+ years. We've had the pleasure of staying at many very fine hotel and resort properties, and even some really good B&amp;B's both in the States and abroad. But I can say that we found staying at The Inn NYC to be more like staying at a good friend's place. Sharing not just a room, but part of their &quot;home.&quot; We 've already booked the Library and Opera suites for December '08. My wife and I will be taking our son, daughter, spouses and 2 grandsons for 4 nights after Christmas through New years Day. We're convinced that it's the perfect choice for a special and memorable holiday-time place to stay in NYC. My wife and I have already told friends and family who travel to New York regularly about how impressed we are with Inn New York City. Unfortunatley, I think bookings may now become harder to come by. I know my wife and I plan to stay at Ruth's Inn on ALL our future trips to New York City. But since we're not aware of anyplace like the Inn new York City elsewhere, we'll have to settle for just another hotel when traveling to any other city. Thanks, Ruth for your hospitality. You and your daughter have created a truly special place. We're already planning our Christmas-time trip and are looking forward to another relaxing and wonderful stay at your &quot;place.&quot;Jim &amp; Sue M. Fort Worth, TX	
Jan 23 2008 	Deserves to be Number 1	DATE 21/01/2008REVIEWER NEIL UKMyself and my wife booked the Inn on the strength of its reviews on here. We are so glad we did.The Inn may not be cheap but its worth every penny. The Hosts cannot do enough for you but are never intrusive. Fresh Breakfast Pastries and Croissants are constantly available in your room. Never ending nibbles, chocolates, fruit, juice, water and fresh ground coffee are always there for you. Wine was in the fridge on our arrival as was a magnificant Chocolate Cake on my wife's birthday. There is no way you can eat everything that is available to you!!The Spa Suite was luxury. Great bed, pillows, huge jacuzzi, sauna, everything you could ask for. It was great to get back to the Suite to unwind before heading out again for the evening.We cannot think of anything negative to say about the place. We will definately stay there again.	
Jan 11 2008 	The Real New York'ers life!	My girlfriend and I stayed on the wonderful &quot;hotel&quot;. It should be rather called a New York home at one of the best residential districts of NYC! We immediately felt at home and escaped the typical newcomer's feeling staying at a major hotel midtown or downtown. In most of the reviews you will find out that &quot;traditionally&quot; placed hotels midtown around the 5th avenue are excellent for shopping and sightseeing. We couldn't disagree more. NY is a city where you can walk! We would only need 15 mins walk to be at Columbus Circus right at the edge of the Central Park and not far from the 5th ave. If we would bore ourselves waiting for the non-fascinating subway, then we would only need a 3 min. walk to the nearest station. The service was excellent and better than expected. Ruth and Elyn really try to make it possible and are willing to fulfill any reasonable request. We had fresh towels and sheets every day, more than enough to eat for breakfast and all that at the highest discretion.If you want to feel like a new yorker, definitely that's the place to stay!	
Jan 11 2008 	Wonderful home away from home	My family spent the Christmas holiday week in the Vermont Suite. The reviews were all on target. The accomodations worked well for our family with the separate living room and downstairs bedroom. The bedroom was so quiet...the walls must be so thick because we heard none of the neighbors or street traffic. It was very nice to have the small, but well stocked kitchen available. We ended up eating breakfast at &quot;home&quot; everyday. My sons and I loved the quiche and pastries provided, which along with orange juice and milk, started our day off well. There were lots of goodies provided...we especially enjoyed the chocolate cake and apple pie that were waiting when we returned after a long day of sightseeing. The location of the Inn is perfect. We bought 7 day passes for the subway/buses. The subway stop is closeby on 72nd, but we opted to take buses in order to see the city (which is very convenient to the Inn as well). There are loads of wonderful places to eat nearby. We enjoyed Citrus (Cuban with an Asian twist)---they had a tasty brunch on Sunday. Also, stop by Buttercup Bake Shop (on 72nd between Broadway and Columbus) if you haven't had enough sweets at the Inn. The cupcakes were delicious and the peanut butter cookies were so good! Within a short walk are shopping, an AMC theatre, Barnes &amp; Noble, Lincoln Center...I could go on. We walked to The Metropolitan Museum of Art (through Central Park) and the Museum of Natural History. The best part about the location is the quiet. Just spend some time in Times Square or walking in crowds on Fifth Avenue and you'll appreciate the fact that you are staying at the Inn. My only suggestion...and only negative comment...was mentioned by another reviewer about the bed in the Vermont Suite. I found it a little too stiff and sometimes awoke with aches if I slept on my side. Perhaps switching to a Select Comfort AIr Mattress or similar type of mattress might be an option considering logistics of moving a mattress up/down the steep spiral staircase. Other than this one negative, the stay was just perfect. I would recommend Inn New York City to anyone who wants to experience living in New York rather than staying in a hotel room.	
Jan 5 2008 	Yes - it is as good as the reviews below!!	I have used trip advisor many times and now I feel that it is time to give something back.I have just completed a 5 day stay in the Vermont Suite over New Years. It was just lovely. It had its own street entrance and it felt like our relocated home.As set out in the earlier reviews, the service that the Menches give their guests is outstanding - bagels and baked treats for breakfast every day, complimentary champagne for new years eve, restaurant advice etc.They are only a block from the 72nd Street Subway station in a lovely leafy part of town.If you are lucky enough to find a suite available when you are next in NYC, you should stay there.	
Jan 2 2008	Inn (heaven in) New York City	Inn New York City is extraordinary. I cannot recommend it highly enough. Its owners, Ruth and Elyn Mensch, could not be more welcoming and helpful. As Elyn put it the evening we checked in, they are as invisible or as available as their guests want them to be. We spent five days in the Library Suite from December 27, 2007 to Jan 1, 2008. The Suite has a lovely bedroom, a huge living room, high ceilings and stained glass skylights. It is full of visual surprises, including a sled, a propeller, a book-filled ladder and a displaced staircase cum towel stand. (This description does not do the Inn justice--please refer to the Inn's website. A picture = 1000 words.) in the Library Suite, there are, as you might expect, books everywhere; the shelves include current best-sellers and classics; the tissue box covers are book-shaped; an instruction manual on ironing for men is hidden in the ensuite laundry area. When we arrived, a quiche, bagels, brie and a bottle of pinot grigio were just some of the items waiting for us in our kitchen. There were chocolates on our pillows. Orange juice, more bagels and fresh pastries mysteriously appeared each day. Fresh fruit was always available in the front hallway. Housekeeping was unobtrusive and meticulous. The Inn has no street-front sign, which gives guests the pleasant illusion, when entering or exiting the building, of being residents rather than tourists. We loved the Inn's location. It is on New York's Upper West Side, just two blocks from Central Park, one block from the subway and five blocks from the Lincoln Center. The Inn is surrounded by cafes, restaurants and shopping. I cannot claim to know Ruth and Elyn Mensch but having spent five days at their inn, I think I can safely say that they know hospitality, interior design, good food and, as the Inn's name might suggest, whimsy.	
Jan 2 2008 	Cosy beautiful and welcoming	My husband booked Inn New York. I didn't really know where we were staying until we arrived and mine hostess showed us round. We stayed in the lovely Spa suite, complete with sauna, jacuzzi and walk-in shower. It also had a galley kitchen loaded with snacks and essentials, like tea bags and plenty of space to store everything. This is a beautiful guest house in a smart area of the city - there's a subway station at the top of the street and an express train can have you at Times Square in 5 minutes flat, or you can walk there in less than half an hour. Not only that, but you're less than 10 minutes' stroll from Central Park.We had a fantastic Christmas here. I was only disappointed that we had to leave. The owner was kind enough to not only let us store our baggage there after we'd checked out, but she also let us have the run of the Opera suite so that we could get changed before we went out for a meal.	
Dec 22 2007 	Everything was perfect . . .	We went to New York for a week for my 40th birthday. Inn New York is brilliant!We stayed in the spa suite. Elyn and Ruth could not do enough to make our stay enjoyable and Elyn was always available to answer any 'stranger to New York' questions! These ladies clearly pride themselves on providing a high standard of, well, everything really! We felt very pampered and spoiled. The location is perfect, the suite luxurious, the fridge filled with a variety of delicacies with a surprise or 2 everyday. Our only regret is that, as eager sightseers, we didn't have more time to take advantage of the luxury of Inn New York.Yvonne and Euan, Glenrothes, Fife, Scotland	
Dec 4 2007 	Home Away From Home	Ruth and Ellen share their home so that we can experience living in a brownstone in New York city. Antiques, chocolates, gourmet teas and snacks, private balcony, whirlpool tub, quiet neighborhood - all add up to gracious living. A wonderful experience I will never forget!	
Nov 22 2007 	Attention to Detail Amazing	I don't know what to say about this hotel. Words simply can't describe how amazing this hotel is. You get a level of service here that you just won't find in the big, corporate hotels. Ruth and Ellen are so friendly. The maids (Can't remember their names, sorry) are also so nice.I booked this hotel as a surprise for my girlfriends birthday and she was every bit as impressed as I was. Its all about attention to detail. The way they fold the towels, the way they fold the bed and the way they put new fresh snacks in your room every day.The bed was the most comfy I have ever slept in. The kitchen had everything you could possibly want. There was even a dishwasher. The bathroom had plenty of towels. The jacuzzi was brilliant and had enough space for about 4 people in it, never mind 2. The sauna was easy to use and its good for putting your clothes in when you get back from a day out if they are wet. I have included some photos of the room I stayed in (Spa) but you really have to stay here if your travelling to New York.You will end up using the sub to go everywhere. The stop at the end of the street is an express stop and the next one on the line is times square. You can get to almost every sub station from times square so it really is handy. When you hear how noisy the taxi's are, always beeping at each other, you'll appreciate being in a quiet street for a good nights sleep. I wasn't sure about not staying in the hustle and bustle of more touristy areas but we were so busy all day it was good to escape it.If you have any questions about this hotel please message me as I'll be happy to answer them. Do not hesitate to book a stay here.CheersChris	
Nov 20 2007 	So sorry.....	....that we couldn't stay longer! Surprised my husband for his birthday weekend here and we could not have stayed at a more delightful place. What can I say that hasn't been said before? We had the Vermont suite which is two levels and had everything you could possible need, and was warm and cozy in the city's November chill. The neighborhood is lovely and near the subway and walking distance from Lincoln Center, Museum of Natural History and Central Park, lots of nearby restaurants and shopping yet the street itself is very quiet.The furnishings were rustic elegant, and yes the staff provided many special extras for us. It was hard to tear ourselves away for the activities we had planned. We will be back, hopefully longer next time. This is truly a very special place!	
Nov 13 2007 	Its Beautiful Inn New York City	My husband and I stayed in the Spa Suite on for our anniversary. We really enjoyed ourselves, I was amazed that our hosts had thought of every possible thing we would want in our room. I have never stayed in place so luxurious, quaint and wonderfully located in NYC. The Inn is a real find, and I'm sure I will recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience.	
Nov 13 2007	fun weekend	Had the best long weekend. Decided to go to the city and loved the place! Will definately go back! Thanks Tripadvisor for the best advice!	
Nov 12 2007	Great Bday Surprise	I surprised my husband for his 40th. We loved it! The Opera Suite was amazing and spacious. Everyone was courteous. Enough food for breakfast. Great location. Awesome fireplace and an abundance of privacy. If you have the money- stay here. Also the price is comparable to many of the other hotels in the city.	
Nov 5 2007	$600 for stained sheets and no hot water!	I stayed in the Spa suite with my wife, and was extremely disappointed to find stains on the sheets. We arrived late and didn't want the hassle of having them changed, so we decided to just grin and bear it. The following morning, we waited until 11am to use the jacuzzi (as per the regulations of the hotel), only to have luke-warm bath. After inquiring, we learned that this was normal and we just had to wait for the hot water to return. After waiting an hour or so, the water failed to remain hot, and the resulting bath was once again luke-warm. We decided to leave, and checked out around noon after staying 1 of 2 planned nights. We were once again disappointed when the owner informed us that we would not be refunded any of the money we spent, even though the room was not up to par.  When paying $600 a night, we expect clean sheets and hot water in the &quot;Spa&quot;. Also, we expect the staff to be a little more professional and courteous.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great eccentric hotel	This is a unique hotel. We (two adults and two children) stayed in the spacious library suite. The suite was the complete opposite to a chain hotel, with lots of antiques (eg a wooden plane propellor, a sledge, old leather suitcases, plus lots of furniture). The food provided for breakfast was varied and plentiful, and the service friendly.	
Oct 13 2007	Absolute perfection!	This is simply the most amazing place to stay. The hotel has no sign outside, so it is incredibly discreet, and a little like walking into your own house in NY. As you step into the house it gives you a good impression of what to expect during your stay - classical music, antiques and sweets for you to help yourself to when arriving or leaving (which became a tradition!). Ruth was a fantastic host - there just when you wanted her but gave the right amount of privacy. We stayed in the Opera suite which was on the ground floor. It is around 30 metres long, with a grand piano complete with music books and scores, a living area, a kitchen, bathroom with jacuzzi bath, bedroom and private terrace at the back. Absolute luxury!! Every need was catered for and we did not have to ask for anything additional during our stay.The kitchen was fully stocked with breakfast items, including bagels, jams, croissants, fresh fruit and orange juice, but there was also a whole host of other items including freshly baked cake (a new one every day!), wine, bottled water, sweets... I could go on and on! The hotel itself is situated on a quiet street on the Upper West Side, with the subway situated one block away about a 3 minute walk. The subway is four stops away from Times Square on the local line, or one on the express line, and from Times Square you can get a connection to pretty much any line to take you anywhere you want to go. The hotel itself is also only about a 15 minute walk from Central Park - the walk is really pretty and takes you past all of the brownstone buildings in the area.I could go on and on about how wonderful this place is for hours but needless to say it is absolutely highly recommended. We would go back in an instant.	
Oct 3 2007	One of the very best	My wife and I stayed for two nights at this wonderful upper west side property. We were in the spa suite which surpassed our expectations in every way.Elyn was a most gracious and welcoming Innkeeper who was happy to allow us a late check in following our flight from the UK.Our suite came with a great choice of of breakfast goodies, wine and a fully equipped kitchen. If we had wanted to eat in this would have been possibleThe general ambience was very New York in a kind of Victorian way. Very athmospheric! Furnishings were very comfortable and there was plenty of space to spread out. Only thing that we struggled with was the front door locks, which I think would need some practice to master!. However the door was answered instantly when we were forced to ring the bell.We sat in the double Jacuzzi after a long day walking and shopping with a bottle of champagne. Absolute bliss..Living in this wonderful residential neighborhood with a full array of shops and restaurants gave us a little taste of what actually living in NYC could be like. There is ready transport to mid and down town manhattan via a very local subway station.We have always used hotels when visiting previously but never again. If Inn New York is available we will book it!	
Oct 3 2007	Inn New York City is heaven!	Absolutely beautiful Westside brownstone. Every luxury imaginable is waiting for you. We had 3 of the 4 suites (for daughter's wedding in NYC) and each was beyond our expectations: 12' ceilings, spectacular furnishings and linens, goodies from Zabars, woodburning fireplaces, ornate tin ceilings and oh, the woodwork! Pure luxury but comfortable, right-at-home luxury.Proprietors are onsite and always available but unintrusive. A truly lovely couple. One note to travelers: it is a brownstone so stairs are part of the bargain. However, the Vermont Suite (street level) is wonderful and requires only one stair step to the suite (although the bedroom is one beautiful circular staircase down.) I personalIy love the westside and this Inn makes you feel part of the neighborhood. No problem finding cabs for venturing anywhere in the City. I can't think of a single feauture that I would change. Just plain wonderful! Can't wait to go back.I don't have photos at the moment but can say that the Inn's website pics don't exaggerate. Even more beautiful in person.	
Sep 25 2007 	The Inn - Exceptional Spectacular	My husband and I had a short trip to New York last week. During the first part of the trip my husband had a conference so we stayed at the conference hotel in Midtown (The Hudson Hotel) which was a so-so experience. It is modern and nicely decorated but I have closets in my home as big as the entire hotel room.We had decided in advance that we wanted a change of scenery after the conference was over, so we elected to book a room at The Inn. After our arrival, we could not have been happier with this decision. We stayed in the Spa Suite which was extremely spacious and elegant. There was a lovely dining area by the fireplace in the bedroom, a very nice kitchen area, ample closet and luggage space, and an enormous bathroom with a wonderful spa tub and a sauna. Moreover, the room was stocked with various treats and refreshments (i.e., a fabulous chocolate cake, freshly ground coffee, fresh fruit, etc.). Additionally, the service was excellent and everyone was extremely friendly and helpful.Another nice bonus is that The Inn is enough off the beaten path that it is in a nice quiet area which makes getting a good night's sleep so much easier than it was in Midtown. But, it is very close to Central Park and there is also quick and easy access to the subway just up the street which is extremely convenient.Overall, we had an absolutely fantastic stay and we will definitely stay at The Inn again on our next trip to New York!	
Sep 11 2007 	This really is a special place	My mom and I were in New York for 5 nights (4 of them at the Inn New York City) for the US Open. We started the weekend before the Open doing tourist things around Manhattan and then spent the last 3 days going out to Flushing Meadows. This place was perfectly suited for both functions.I read all the reviews of this place before I booked and wondered if it could be as perfect as all these reviewers say. The answer is yes and no. My first reaction was that it didn’t quite live up to the reviews, but by the time I left, I had changed my mind. No place is perfect, but the positives of this place so far outweighed the negatives that it still deserves the 5 rating that I’ve given it. Reviews up to this point have few details. I’ll probably give too many! I’ll break it down into sections: location, problems, and amenities. LOCATION - I don’t think you can get any better than this!•The location is on 71st almost at West End. It dead ends at the beginning of Riverside Park. You get a great view of the Hudson at the end of the street. Because of the dead end, you don’t get much street traffic. •It’s a block to the 72nd subway where you can pick up a 1 local or a 2 or 3 express. Using the 2 or 3 trains gets you to midtown in minutes. We used it the express trains get to the 42nd street station and Penn Station with ease. •The subway station is at the junction of Amsterdam and Broadway which is really a thriving place – banks, shops, and fast food restaurants galore. It just seems so unreal to be in the middle of all of the hustle there and step onto 71st.•71st is absolutely gorgeous. It’s shaded by the buildings with lots of trees and little gardens and flower boxes by the residents. I didn’t realize how shaded it was until I walked over to 72nd which is much wider and sunnier.•There’s a 24-hour Duane Read a block away on 72nd.•Fairway Market is 3 blocks away. With the kitchen and accessories this place has, this is a real bonus and a significant way to cut down expenses. You feel like a local between shopping at Fairway and then preparing it in your brownstone kitchen.•Buttercup Bake Shop is a couple of blocks away if you are craving cupcakes. The vanilla butter cream were great; the red velvet not so great.•We picked up the M5 bus uptown at West End and 72nd and, man, was that an incredible drive. You have Riverside Park to the west with the Hudson and gorgeous brownstones on the east for over 30 blocks. This was one of the highlights of our trip.PROBLEMS•The toilet paper is really thin. I know this sounds picky, but you would expect something nicer at a place like this so concerned with the details.•The towels were so worn they were threadbare. They were huge, though, so you can tell that there was care made in the decision to use them. They just need to be replaced.•You can hear the guests walk around upstairs. There’s no creaking of the floors (that will drive me away from a place), so it wasn’t that bad.•The shower head is pretty but not very functional. On the positive side, the hot water comes out instantly and is plentiful.•The bed is lumpy, but I don’t see how they could replace it. You couldn’t get a mattress down the staircase without taking the staircase out. My mom suggested maybe a foam mattress cover would even out the bumps.AMENITIES•TV with the full selection (through 300 something) of digital channels including HBO•2 distinct living areas in the Vermont Suite which can become 2 bedrooms: bedroom with queen bed and bath downstairs and living room with sofa bed and kitchen upstairs.•No street noise•Soft feather pillows even with the sofa bed•The owner is wonderful. She is there as much or as little as you need her. •Fresh flowers both upstairs and downstairs•Phone with a direct number, free local calls, and voicemail•There is wood every where! The antiques in this place give it such a beautiful touch.•You really feel like you are coming home every night. We came in one night at the same time as the guy at the same level next door. •The a/c is in a window, but it’s strong! You can move the airflow where ever you want it.•The sheets are so soft both on the queen bed and the sofa bed.•There are lamps and lights every where. You can tell that it’s intentionally set up for many reading spaces.•The amount of food included every day is amazing. I tried making a list of all the different choices and stopped at 20 leaving out plenty. We made breakfast every day out of it plus the occasional lunch, part of dinner, and dessert. It cut our expenses down significantly which helped with the price of the room.•We awoke daily to that day’s New York Times.•The kitchen was smaller than I expected, but it is so well planned. We made a few meals actual meals in it boiling corn, eggs, etc. My mom is on a strict low sodium diet, so we cooked in as many meals as we could to control her sodium intake. I know NYC is famous for its restaurants, but there is something so pleasing to come home and enjoy a leisurely dinner bonding over the day’s events. This kitchen and the beautiful drop-leaf table really allow you to do that.•The sofa bed was really comfortable – almost to the point of being like a real bed.This place is truly like having your own beautifully furnished apartment with so many extras in an incredible location. I know I’m forgetting so many things because it seemed like every where we turned there was yet another wow! reaction. I’ve decided that I want to come back next year and have already started looking for another perfect place. Since I started searching so late this time, I thought I could find a better place that was booked at the time. I have not been able to find anything that can equal the combination of the amenities at the Inn, the beauty and accessibility of the UWS location, and the reasonable price.	
Aug 31 2007 	Sophisticated Elegant Exceptional	My wife and I just returned from a wonderfully memorable stay at this lovely Inn. The thought of an inn in bustling New York City may seem a bit incongruous, but although Inn New York offers a comfortable haven from city stress, it isn't a rustic country bed and breakfast. Inn New York City offers a graceful, elegant and sophisticated ambiance, created with great care and a generous spirit. The attention to detail, the tasteful and original decoration, and the many thoughtfull touches make one feel exceedingly comfortable. The combination of experiencing the carefree convenience of being in a hotel while at the same time feeling as though one is relaxing in one's own pied de terre, is exceptional. This property is an exquisite contribution to the City of New York, and I say bravo for a job well done!Rex and Michele Oppenheimer	
Aug 10 2007 	Perfection Nuanced Gentle Surprises!	Our king-size bed was soft but firm. Sheets were delicious. Gratis food and drink everywhere. The suite was huge. The bathtub would fit 7 but we were only a couple. Took the first bath together in years ;-)The neighborhood is excellent and convenient to everything. Ruth (the proprietor) was attentive and gracious. This was worth the price of admission. Why stay at the Ritz or Four Seasons when you can have so much more at this B&amp;B? Five Stars!	
Jul 22 2007 	Outstanding in every way	When visiting NYC there are so many places to stay that it may seem that the best, and certainly the simplest, option is to settle for a chain hotel. Granted, better hotels have a lot of different amenities to offer but at the same time what they all offer is a &quot;sameness,&quot; so that you really can't tell if you're in NYC, Detroit, or Peoria. But you do want something different, don't you? If so, then I strongly suggest staying at the Inn New York City.As the name suggests, not only are you right in the city, you are right in a west-side neighborhood. Located just a few blocks from seveal good restaurants (we liked Fiorelli's and Luxemborg best) Central Park, Lincoln Center, the Museum of Natural History, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and an MTA station, the Inn NYC consists of a traditional multi-floor &quot;brownstone&quot; separated into several rental areas. Notice that I didn't say &quot;rooms,&quot; as each area consists of more than just a bedroom and a bath, but instead each is a unique area on its own (be sure and check out their website for lots of good photos of each). Bottom line: if you want a great location with some unique charm, this is your place.We took a 30 minute cab ride from LaGuardia to the Inn ($30 + tip) where we were greeted by the owner, Ruth, and shown to our room. We stayed in the Opera room, which is located on the ground floor, while the others are upstairs. Guests are given a set of keys to the two front doors right off 71st Street and to the door to your area, so immediately it feels like you're staying in someone's home and not in a rental property. Ruth and her daughter, Ellen, run the Inn and are both wonderful people who truly seem to want to make your stay all it can be. Have questions or need a suggestion for lunch or shopping? They're right down the hall or just call them. To get around town, the MTA station is only a block away and taxis are plentiful.So, here are your choices the next time you visit NYC: another hotel room or something different and wonderful like the Inn. Take my advice and make your trip even better by staying at the Inn New York City. The level of comfort and personal attention will be very hard to beat!	
Jun 5 2007 	Inn New York City - The chilled out side of the city!	My wife and I stayed at Inn New York City for a week in late May (20th to the 27th May). When first entering the Vermont Suite, you feel like you are transported into your own little world. The duplex style suite has everything you need and is furnitured so elegantly. With this suite having it's own separate entrance it feels like you are experiencing New York from your own place in the Upper West Side.After spending the days in a variety of places around New York, it was always great to get back to the peace and tranquility of our place, before freshening up for the evening.I can not recommend this place more highly. The owners are there as much or as little as you need, the pantry is refreshed everyday and the facilities are first rate.What makes The Inn even better is that it is just a couple of blocks away from Central Park and there is a metro stop at the end of the tree lined street (so you can get around the city so easily). I would highly recommend the $24 seven day ticket (or other metrocard options) as it is an excellent way to navigate the whole area.With this being our first trip to New York, we will definitely be back. We would definitely stay at Inn New York City!	
May 8 2007 	Superb stay at the Inn	My husband and I stayed at the Inn New York City in April for 3 nights. It was a special birthday present for me. We were in the Vermont Suite which upon entering was so charming and elegant. There were so many nice touches. The refrigerator was well-stocked and replenished every day. There was a delicious bottle of white wine and a &quot;Best Wishes&quot; chocolate cake upon our arrival. The service made us feel so special. The bed was so comfortable and I loved the fact that all the bed linen was changed daily, including the down comforter. Housekeeping was excellent! The Inn is located on a quiet street on the UWS very convenient to the 72nd St. subway stop. It felt very safe walking in the area late at night. One of our pleasant NY experiences was getting a Gray's Papaya hot dog one afternoon. The hot dog stand is located at 71st and Broadway, just up the street from our Inn. I love NYC! The people are so friendly and warm. Elyn, the manager of the Inn was very helpful and professional. My only complaint is that our stay was too short. Loved, Loved, Loved Inn New York City!	
May 6 2007 	We loved the Inn at New York City	We has a glorious time during our 2 night 3 day stay in NY at the Inn New York City. All previous reviews say it all. This was great accommodation, owners and staff very friendly and helpful before and during our stay. They went the extra mile to ensure our short break was memerable. We had to amend our booking arrangements at the last minute and this was dealt with very efficiently.We stayed in the Vermont Suite perfect for us but not suitable for people with special needs or young children as this was a two floor suite and had a very steep staircase.The location is not central for downtown Manhatten but not a real issues for us as we used the Metro from 72 Street, this provided speedy transport to all the tourist attractions that we visited. We used the daily Metro Ticket at $7 - a bargain!The Inn provided us with treats beyond our expectations.We will definately stay there again, hopefully for longer next timeBernie &amp; Pauline - UK Chris - Conn USA	
Apr 15 2007 	Exceptional ! Exceptional ! Exceptional !	We stayed for a week at Inn New York City. It is hard to write a review that will do justice to it.Comfort? Tops; Beautiful old house in more than pristine order.Suites lovely with real individual identity.Location? Great; close to Cental Park, Lincoln Centre just down the road, new Time Warner centre just next to it, after that the city is yours. We love to walk but subway 100yds.Price? Whatever you pay for this is a bargain. I have mourned The Drake since it passed, but finding Inn New York City makes it all worthwhile.The truth is, it is like staying with your favourite aunt who happens to live in a beautiful property, in where it is happening now in New York City. She is your favourite aunt because not only does she know how to look after you, she is cool enough to let you have all the space you want.My only problem with this review is this; the place is so small, only four suites, why am I telling you?	
Jan 8 2007	Surpassed our wildest expectations	Ruth and her team made our stay a wonderful experience. The attention to detail, the service provided, the helpfulness of all the staff surpassed our expectations by a long way. This little Gem comes Highly Recommended. My Family, Friends and i stayed in the three available suites. So i had the fortune of viewing all 3. Each one offers something a little different, whichever you choose you won't be disappointed. Perfect retreat after a days hard walking around New York. Close to Central Park and therefore wonderfully located. Thank you very Much	
Oct 7 2006 	Excellent!		
Sep 2 2006 	Always a treat!		
Jun 9 2006	A true gem!		
Jun 6 2006	Why stay anywhere else?		
Nov 14 2005	Near Central Park and Broadway		
Nov 8 2005	Excellent		
Oct 6 2005	The Definition of Luxury...		
Feb 26 2005	Wow!!! An absolute gem!		
Feb 20 2005 	Fabulous gem		
Nov 26 2003	Excellent value		
Nov 6 2009 	Magique		
May 6 2008 	Merveilleuse adresse		
Jan 24 2008	J'ai bien aimé		
