Nov 15 2009 	Awesome Value in NYC	First off, this place is not for divas who have no clue about the realities of downtown New York City. If you expect silence, stay home: this is a loud neighbourhood possibly close to an ambulance dispatch but also amazingly close to the subway and some must-see Real New York attractions, and by that I do not mean Katz's Deli. It is walking distance from Little Italy and Chinatown and better yet, on the verge of the historic Lower East Side and East Village eateries to die for. Plus, if you want to explore Brooklyn you are not so far away: Williamsburg is right across the water.The Gem is clean, amazingly priced for the awesome location, staffed by wonderful courteous people and sure, it is low on extras like you may be used to at some mondo chain hotels. But the in room coffee is to die for and the shower is hot. The room is clean and well-appointed given the close quarters and frankly, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. I really appreciated the efforts made and while the sleeping may not be easy, they did mention in the hype that this is the city that never sleeps...The Gem's a keeper for me.	
Oct 30 2009 	Pretty coffin	The GEM was not a good experience for me. There is virtually no lobby and no way to unload your bags from a car...no place to park nearby. They did not know the location of parking lots, had no shower caps, the door to my room barely closed because of the new carpeting and would open at a strong shove...the window didn't open and it was so small and claustrophobic with recycled air. The fan was noisy and didn't seem to bring in fresh air. The room smelled bad, like stale air. It was decorated nicely and was clean, otherwise. The Wi-Fi didn't work and their computer system was down all day. The air was so bad in the room I had to check out at 1 am and go somewhere else as I felt I was suffocating.	
Oct 9 2009 	GREAT location HELPFULL staff	The hotel is located just on the corner of SoHo, Litte Italy and the Lower East Side, superb location if you want to stay miles away from Midtown, the double deck buses, group tourists and musicals. The staff is more than helpfull, kind and always with a smile. Room are extremely small (as almost everywhere else in NY) but we got a standard with the lowest rate ever on agoda.com so paying a little more for a superior can bring you a little wider surface. Room 101 201 301 401... are very noisy because of E Houston St, but a pair of earplug can bring back peace and confort. The bed and lines are superb, the bathroom is wide, clean and with nice amenities.There's a Wholefood Market just in front (together with metro station) so it's easy and nice to come back from a long day walking in NY and having some fresh fruit or a juice or whatever else.The area is great you can walk 5 minutes and have all the shopping and bars and restaurants you may like.i would definitively reccomend this to a joung couple who wants to enjoy the less touristic NY, cannot effort a 500usd room and want to enjoy night.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel great location free wireless accommodating staff	The GEM Hotel on Houston used to be a Howard Johnson's but you'd never know it from the rooms. The beds were so comfy we both overslept! The wireless was free and actually worked. No mini-bar, but Katz's Deli is just down the street.If you want a quiet room ask for one that faces Forsythe Street. If you want a room with two beds you'll automatically get one that's quiet.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic place to stay .....	Just got back from my 8th trip to NYC and stayed at this hotel. It really is as the name suggests a Gem of a place, close to everything you could want for a great stay - food, sights, subway, bars .... Whole Foods a block down and a refrigerator and microwave in your room, what more could you want :-) Elephant bar across Houstona dn behind the little square did the BEST mojito's ever !!!Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the park and even though East Houston is busy there was no excessive noise. I'd read on here about the lack of space, but to be honest having stayed at various places in NYC i felt the room size was more than ample and the storage under the beds was ideal for putting all the shopping into until leaving, nice clean room and bathroom, with soft complimentary bathrobes. The most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, I wanted to take it home !!!!! Also used their car service back to the airport which was extremely plush and very reasonably priced.Anthony on reception was fantastic, so friendly and welcoming after a long days travel and extremely helpful with places to eat, visit etc and found the address of the theatre were we were going to see a band play at and marked it ont he map for us ... top guy !!!!Can't wait to go back and stay there again .	
Sep 8 2009 	A very positive experience	We stayed at The Gem Soho for 3 nights. Check in to check out was a pleasant experience. The room was neat and clean with wonderful coffee. There was a microwave and a nice size refrigerator to put your stash from Whole Foods which is a block away. The subway is also a block away. There is a nice park next to the hotel. The employees were great! Nice robes in the room. Nice towels in the bathroom. Really an exceptional place for the price.	
Aug 9 2009 	Glad I chose to stay here!	I was very pleased with the GEM SoHo. The location is great if the hustle and bustle of midtown is not what you are looking for. Houston is busy, but I felt very relaxed once I got into my room. The atmosphere in the GEM is cozy and quiet. I did wear earplugs to sleep, but the outside noise really wasn't that bad.  The front desk staff are very friendly, helpful and courteous. It was nice to be greeted with a smile every day. The room was small, but clean and comfy. The bed and linens were top-notch. It was great to have the fridge and microwave. The hotel is just across the street from Whole Foods, a small park, and tons of excellent little restaurants. Don't miss Russ &amp; Daughters just down Houston for an amazing bagel, lox and cream cheese breakfast. I did not miss room service at all, and felt I benefited from trying the unique local spots in the neighborhood. My friends stayed in midtown in a big chain hotel and paid lots more for the fancy trimmings, but I was very happy with this little place in the village. A big chain hotel is the same anywhere, but the GEM made for a unique experience. I would stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	One sweet hotel!	We stayed at the GEM for one night for a wedding. Hotel is located right on the edge of Soho in a lively part of town, directly above the NY institution, Yonah Schimmel's Knishes, and convenient walking distance to the East Village, Little Italy, and Chinatown. The rooms, hallways and lobby are all quite COMPACT but nicely appointed, and as accommodating as they can be given the tight quarters. Staff were very friendly &amp; helpful, including holding our bags for several hours in the small office. We reserved one room with 2 beds but were reassigned to 2 rooms on the same floor (not adjacent) which worked out fine and ended up being a big bargain (we were charged the single room rate, as is appropriate). Room appointments were lovely &amp; I wish I could have enjoyed the room more - we were out at our event for the bulk of the time. Nice shower, toiletries, coffee, fridge/microwave, and very comfy beds, linens, and bathrobes. Poor sleepers should note that Houston Street is ALWAYS noisy. Bring earplugs. Also, for those traveling by car - and good luck traveling by car in lower Manhattan - there is no parking, but many commercial parking garages around. The staff recommended one east of the hotel, but we found parking on Elizabeth St. just north of Houston and it worked out great.I would happily give 5 stars except for a few modest issues: one room's door did NOT want to latch shut, so we had to use the deadbolt simply to close the door; the same room had a sketchy bathroom light switch; and - worst - we were at first assigned to a room that was already occupied. Big no-no, mitigated by the fact it was occupied by other people attending the same event (but not known to us). No one likes to be getting changed &amp; have a stranger walk into their hotel room!! That said, this was an great value for an elegant and comfortable hotel experience. I would definitely return.	
Jul 7 2009 	Impressed	Booked the GEM hotel soho based on the reasonable price and reviews read on trip advisor. Arrived and was very impressed. I'm not your typical boutique hotel person but my experience here has totally changed my mind.Area:The hotel is conveniently located in the lower east side, metro stops easily within walking distance and a nice basketball park across the street. Whole foods also across the street and great restaurants all around. If your looking for a morning coffee spot I used Sugar a block east or upstairs at Whole Foods. Both good coffee spots. Hotel is within walking distance to Mulberry street, china town, gramercy and soho. Broadway offers some great shopping as well which is close by. Metro stop is close and can't get you anywhere in the city quickly. The Room:The room is small.. basically you walk in have a bathroom on your way in, nice vanity, shower and sink. Then you have a queen size bed with a desk and a flat screen tv. It was the perfect size. Really you come back from being out all day and relax on your bed and watch tv. What I really liked and didn't see in any one else's review was that each room has a mini fridge and microwave. This was great for holding beer, breakfast foods etc. We never used the microwave but i'm sure a lot of other people do. Room was clean, bed was extremely comfortable, street noise was non- existent, we had a room on the 3rd floor right above the street. So if that is your concern, request a room above the 2nd floor.Overall:Great hotel, perfect for a couple or a single, wouldn't recommend for families, even though I did see some families there. Ride to laguardia is about $25 bucks cab ride and you can't get there via subway. Would highly recommend it to all my friends as an affordable, classy, safe, comfortable place to stay and see New York.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good for the price	My room was indeed very small, but had everything I needed. The room was clean and surprisingly quiet given the location, with a very very comfortable bed. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the location is absolutely perfect, being Lower East Side but spitting distance from SoHo and the East Village. The Gem isn't fancy but it's good for the price, and it's hard to find affordable hotels in NYC.	
Jun 22 2009 	Best boutique hotel in NYC!!!	Unreal location! Right in the heart of Soho, walk to Little Italy, China town etc. The hotel rooms are very chic and larger than 90% of roms in NYC...great staff and close to everything we were looking for. I was in-town for a concert and spent 3 nights here and all I can say is WOW. The hotel looked brand new, had the ambiance of a W but with unmistakable feel of a B&amp;B...unique combo and combined with the location it truly is a GEM. I am planning another trip to NYC in the next couple of months and will look no futher than the GEM (and no I do not work for the Hotel; I am a real customer who was truly impressed and i feel I need to rave about a hotel when i have been blown away). Also, forgot to mention the service; we arrived late, after 1am, and received a warm greeting by the night auditor. He suggested a few great places in the area and everyone was spot on. The day staff was equally as helpful and had maps already made up for the key points we wanted to visit. What more can I say, I LOVED THIS HOTEL! A+ to The GEM...I will be back...keep up the good work!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Hotel	Picked the Gem because of the location and the reviews here on TA. Super value for New York, VERY helpful staff. Small room was quite, newer furnishing and well maintained. Close to subway and bus with plenty of eating and drinking establishments near by. You really can't go wrong choosing this GEM.	
Jun 5 2009 	Five Stars	Newyorkcity is definitely one of my favorite cities in the world, and this hotel goes hand by hand with the city, except you can sleep until late	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Value for New York	We booked the Gem after seeing reviews on trip advisor and because it seemed to be the cheapest hotel with decent reviews in New York! not that it's cheap mind, just that New York is horrifically expensive, even compared to London. And dont forget they clobber you for tax on everything too! The Gem though is a small hotel, and the service they give is excellent. Antony on the front desk was incredibly helpful in recomending places to eat (Sugar diner 2 blocks away on Allen and East Houston is brilliant food, and open 24/7, pefect for breakfast and late night cake!). The rooms are small, but that didn't bother us too much as we were out most of the time. They have free wireless internet, Flat screen TVs, coffee percolators in each room, and although they don't have a restaurant they are happy for you to have food ordered up to the room from any takeout. The location was good too, so much is within walking distance, and the metro is close too. It isn't actually in SoHo, it's really on the edge of the Lower East Side, but the main shops of SoHo are only 10 mins walk away, little Italy and Chinatown is 5 mins walk, and Wahington Square Park is about 15 mins walk. We even walked down to the Finacial district to the WTC Site in about 30mins, although our feet hurt quite a bit after that- make sure you wear comfy shoes, there's a LOT of walking in New York! This wasn't the best hotel I've ever stayed in, but it was clean and comfortable and good value, which is what matters after all. They were also happy to keep our bags all day after checkout on our last day. Try the Knish at Schimmel's next door too!	
May 18 2009 	We loved this hotel	Having been to New york several times before and always staying midtown, we decided on a change! This hotel is perfect in everyway, the area is fab, within walking distance to all the downtown areas. The F and V subway lines are just across the road so everything in the whole of New York is easily accessable. The staff on the desk were very friendly (such a change for us, usually the most we get is a grunt in midtown!!...oops!!) The room itself was good, very comfy bed, flat screen plasma, ipod dock, free wifi internet, nice bed linen, clean bathroom, fridge and microwave!! We enjoyed Sugar for brekkie and the italian in Wholefoods was pretty awesome too!! Love, love, loved it!!!	
May 13 2009 	Top value and location	Okay, so it's not really in SoHo, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this Gem hotel, particularly at the lowlow price we booked it for online. The rooms are small but big enough for two not-petite people; the amenities are basic but what's there is very good (so there's no cafe or room service or you do get Wolfgang Puck coffee for your in-room percolater); and the reception and housekeeping staff were universally cheerful, welcoming and happy to help. Plus, the bed was so comfortable we actually asked what kind it was so we can get one for home!I think the location is actually better for tourists than being in the middle of SoHo, because you're so close to all the great downtown neighbourhoods - we could easily walk to SoHo, Nolita and East and West villages for drinks and dinner every night - plus there's a Wholefoods supermarket over the road, it's close to at least two subway stations and if you're really feeling lazy there are bars and restaurants within the same block (I heartily recommend trying a knish from the place next door if you need a stodgy hangover cure).	
May 5 2009 	perfect surroundings	everything was perfect from the location to the service to the well designed room. the staff was pleasant and helpful in every way. the room was clean and appeared to be recently renovated with large flat screen tv's and an incredibly comfortable bed. this is the perfect spot for easy access to shopping, dining, drinking and exploring. i would definitley stay again.	
Apr 30 2009 	Amazing staff and location	The rooms are small but they are neat and well maintained. Room size is not really an issue anyway since hotel is smack in the border of the Lower East Side and East Village and there's so much to do. Any issue with room size is more than compensated by excellent staff and the fantastic location. The staff were just wonderful - smart, very friendly and went out of their way to help. I would stay here again, tomorrow.	
Apr 28 2009 	best location	Small but nice affordable hotel, and the location is perfect. Right by the f train, with knishes and katz's practically next door. The staff is friendly and getting a late checkout was no problem which helps when you didn't get there until 4am. Would stay again.	
Apr 26 2009 	very helpful staffclean roomdecent price	smallish room but very clean.helpful,personable staff.lots of good stuff nearby	
Apr 13 2009 	great value for the dollar	Terrific location. Very clean room that appeared to have been updated recently, including crisp linens, very clean bathroom, flat screen TV. Friendly/helpful staff. Small room, but its NYC - you're only in the room to sleep/shower.	
Mar 27 2009 	Insanely good price- great location-wonderful staff-will stay again and again	I stayed 2 nights at the Gem Soho (not really anywhere near SoHo) 13 &amp;14 March. I was in NYC for a music festival that was held 2 blocks down the street. What can I say. I spent $145 a night in Manhatten. GREAT DEAL! Lovely room, small, but expected. CLEAN. Incredible front of house staff who were funny, kind, helpful and seemed to really enjoy working at this hotel. We had a room facing the park, street noise wasn't anymore than I would expect from a hotel on a street as busy as Houston. You can walk anywhere from here. Very convienient to subway stops. *Only complaint, they ran out of coffee packets for in room service and only had decaf. ummm, nope, that wasn't so cool. No coffee for the whole stay. Though plenty of great cafes within blocks. I also wish the drapes could have closed to add more room darkening. The pull down shade didn't quite black out. I am not complaining though. I will stay there again and again for the good rates, the wonderful staff, immaculate rooms, and great location. GOOD JOB GUYS! (also if you are there visit the Local 269 a great pub just a couple blocks away at 269 E. Houston. You will be made to feel at home here.)The GEM SoHo is a hidden gem. Hopefully the next time I will be able to get such a great rate!- Oooh, also right next door is a knishery, super yummy!!!!	
Mar 25 2009	Good Deal	This hotel was great for the price. The only fault I found in it was the street nose (honking horns) which I realize is hard to avoid in NYC. I would recommend a room on a higher floor. I was on the second floor. The room was on the smaller side but was average size by NYC standards. I was expecting the room to be much smaller. My dad and I had more than enough room. The staff was extremely friendlly and accomodating. We arrived at 10am. Check in is at 3pm. They held our bags in the office for us. Not sure if it was locked up but we didn't have any valuables so we weren't too worried.It's a really great location. One block from the subway. We were able to walk to many of the places we were visiting. It's about a ten minute walk to Lombardi's Pizza in Little Italy (don't miss it!). It's about two blocks away from Katz's Deli (overpriced). It's a great hotel expecially considering you mostlly sleep and shower in a hotel when you're in NYC.	
Feb 28 2009 	great location	We chose this hotel for the location and the price.. we were looking for something boutique on a budget but not too run down or scary! And the Gem totally fit the bill... Fantastic location surrounded by excellent little bars and restaurants (some of the best in NYC!) it is really Nolita rather than soho but we weren't complaining..The room was tiny - but we were expecting that.. we got upgraded to a room with a fridge and microwave which was kinda handy as we just had cereal and yog etc sometimes for breakfast.. free wifi... comfy new beds, nice linens and flat screen TV s and comp mineral water plus a coffee maker so we were happy! Staff were nice and very helpful.. Great whole foods supermarket just across the Rd and it was very close to 2 different subway lines. It is just a stroll to the new museum, tenement museum etc and to Soho, Tribeca etc..Would stay here again, mainly for the area..(could move to this area lol!) ooh the food - still dream about the food! also saw another good looking similar hotel for around the same price (but didn't view the rooms) but has a larger foyer and apparently has a roof garden and looks a little more 'hip' called Hotel East Houston which might be worth checking out also...	
Feb 19 2009 	Tight - but Right	The room is a tight fit, but everything else about the Gem was ideal for our mini staycation. We booked based on proximity to a wedding we attended, and the hotel was ideal for our needs. Walking distance to Chinatown and Little Italy, plus all of the Lower East Side is at your fingertips. Nestled between Whole Foods and Katz's Deli - who could ask for more. The front desk was very helpful and amenities of the room; linens, toiletries, etc. were better than we expected. Overall, a great experience.	
Feb 4 2009 	Smart but small rooms in a trendy area	This hotel is for those looking for a minimum of services in a great, lively neighborhood. Endless clubs, restaurants and shopping (including a gigantic Whole Foods) are nearby, as is the F line subway, which gets you pretty much anywhere. Rooms are compact but stylish, staff is friendly. Free wireless. Go for it!	
Jan 14 2009	Loved the neighborhood	Cozy, small and about the best price you'll find in New York for a 3 Star Hotel. Location more than good. Close to the subway. Excellent place to start a brilliant vacation in the best City in The world	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Lower East Side experience at Gem Soho	I booked this hotel to have a Downtown experience of New York and that's exactly what I got. With the help of their friendly and helpful staff, the comfort of our room and a great location, we had the chance to live New York in a whole new way. The neighborhood is full of amenities and great places to go and eat. We went to the New Museum, a whole new concept in a center for cultural activities with a focus on the community that surrounds it. I recomend, as suggested by one of the hotel managers, to have breakfast at the very near Sugar Diner+Cafe, where we ate every day with a nice home-away-from-home feel. You also have great dinning bets at the near &quot;Freeman's&quot; (at Freemans Alley) with a great sunday brunch and the most cozy place. And also check on the great Allen&amp;Delancey, very close to the hotel. You can also try a multiculti experience at &quot;The Elephant&quot;, a thai eatery with great music just across the street. Last, but not least, the view of the rooms at the Gem is superb with the Sarah Roosevelt Park in front (the hotel is in the corner of East Houston and Forsyth). What else can I say! I will sure go back to the Gem SoHo next time I go to NY.If you feel like going out downtown style, the Slipper Room, a burlesque-type cabaret is very near and also, the next up-and-coming bar of NY is at the Lower East Side: 81 Chloe (at Ludlow Street). And Santos Party House is also a step away.Anthony, one of the hosts at the front desk, can tell you a thousand tips on the neighborhood too!	
Dec 27 2008 	A great stay at The Gem Soho	I booked a three night stay at The Gem Soho via Expedia, which was running a special offer £80 GBP per night and requested an upper floor room and a very late (post-midnight) check-in. I received no further guidance on my requests, either through Expedia or through emailing the hotel direct, which disappointed me. However, when I telephoned the hotel I was assured that they'd received my requests and that they would do their best to accommodate.The hotel kept to their word: check-in was smooth and met with a very friendly receptionist, and I was delighted with my room: spacious (for New York City!), a large window with a fantastic view over E. Houston St., and a huge bed, with four pillows on it. To top it off, chocolates, and also a lavender mist sleep spray for the pillows. There was also the nice addition of an iPod/MP3 player alarm clock and an unlimited supply of free bottled water. Nice - and far better than I expected for this supposed 2-3 star hotel.The room had more than enough space for me to work (free wifi: very handy), with a desk and chair; there was ample storage space (although perhaps if I was accompanied by someone it might be a squeeze for all our clothes) and the bathroom and shower were very clean. The A/C worked fine, wasn't particularly noisy, and because I was on the upper floor, I didn't notice the sound of traffic at all (and the thick windows helped).All in all my stay at the Gem Soho was very comfortable and I would definitely come back again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Perfect for Villages	Thanks again to trip advisor and all the honest reviews. This hotel was perfect for a weekend getaway. The price was right, helpful staff, clean, and the location was amazing. We walked to E. Village, W. Village, SOHO and easy cabs to midtown and meatpacking. Although once you're in Manhattan, it's easy to get anywhere. We parked the car 3 blocks away off Houston and Essex - 35/day and the guys were great there - no hassle at all.The hotel room was small (typical), but it had a new, clean bathroom, small flat screen, and ample drawers. I will definitely come back when needing a room by E. Village.	
Nov 18 2008	A Gem of a hotel!	This was a great experience - found it by accident and decided to take a chance as my girlfriend and I wanted a boutique experience but struggled with the high rates elsewhere. The rate was nice and the pictures looked attractive so we booked. We were very happy with our choice and will definitely return. The hotel was well located with clubs, shopping, restaurants nearby. The rooms were small but well designed and the staff were amazing - friendly, personable and ready for any request. There was no restaurant on site but we didn't mind since it was NY and the front desk had many recommendations for us. I definitely recommend this place!!	
Nov 11 2008 	Perfect for the city!	Lovely little hotel, perfect for New York where you don't want anything but somewhere to sleep! Prices are probably kept down because there isn't a fancy lobby. Quiet, even though the rooms face out onto the street. The Colonial Cafe down the road is great for breakfast, and The Stoned Crow pub in the West Village is the best place to go for a beer!	
Oct 29 2008 	A Real Gem...	My band stayed here for a few nights last week. The rooms were modern and comfortable, small but big by NYC standards. I would swear all of their decor came out of a West Elm catalog. The rooms were clean and cozy.The hotel was in a great location, within easy walking distance to Little Italy and East Village. The subway was less than a block away, which we easily took to Times Square. Good restaurants all around. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great location and experience	My high school aged son and I recently visited NYU and Columbia. We chose the Gem Hotel for its location near NYU and were very happy with our stay. The room was comfortable and the beds seemed to be newly refurbished and were very very comfortable. The bathroom is small and shower not terrific, but otherwise no complaints. The staff was very helpful and provided a lot of good advice regarding where to eat, how to get places, etc. They arranged for a car to take us back to JFK which arrived exactly on time, the price was as agreed, etc. The hotel is within a two block walk of Katz Deli and Russ and Daughters which has smoked fish. Both are landmark food emporiums and it was great to be able to walk to them in 3-4 minutes from the hotel. It is about a 20 minute walk to NYU from the hotel, so again very convenient.We were very pleased!	
Nov 5 2009 	Halvtaskigt läge och störande trafikljud		
Sep 7 2009 	Bezaubernd Sofort wieder besser geht es nicht		
Jun 25 2009 	???????????		
Jun 1 2009 	A recommander		
