	Best location!!!	We stayed from a Monday morning until the Friday evening, and had no complaints.With 5th Avenue a few seconds walk away, the Rockefeller Plaza and Centre just over the road, and Central Park less than ten minutes, we couldn't have chosen a better location. We had already read a review, telling us that the hotel was good for business or just couples (not families) because the rooms are small. Who plans to stay in their room much, when in New York, anyway?! Check-in was quick. The hotel felt new and was really clean. The cleaning service for our room, was exceptional, -even though we would've saved on towels and re-used, there were clean ones daily, along with new bottles of shampoo, body lotion, mouth wash etc etc. We didn't eat in the restaurant, so cannot comment on that, -only because we were always out and about, though, and had other plans....we didn't even ever have breakfast in the hotel. -we were drawn to the Concourse level of the Rockefeller, for breakfast, on several occasions, -as such a good variety, and brilliant places to sit, watching the world go by. We had poured over SO many ideas for a New York hotel, but, in the end, picked one that was ideal.	
Nov 22 2009 	Club Quarters	Got a awsome deal at Priceline.com only paid half the price. Very good location. Nice and clean rooms.	
Nov 2 2009 	sublime	excellent facilities, cosy and well maintained. very business like, functional. the space is managed very well and the gym was good too!	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location tidy clean and friendly helpful staff.	Had a lovely little room on 23rd floor overlooking 51st street, with views towards the west (broadway), south (rockefeller) and west (st. patrick's church). Bedroom and bathroom were small, but seems that is the norm for NY. But we only needed it for sleeping in and it was clean and cleaned well every day.Always had 2 staff on the front desk and they were very helpful and friendly at all times. There is a lovely dining/bar on the 7th floor with a covered outside heated balcony facing over towards Rockefeller Centre - ideal if you want to have a drink and a smoke too, not many places left like that around!Johnny Utah's bar/club is next door. Apparently it gets noisy, didnt' go there and heard nothing from the 23rd floor, just the usual hum of NY.Broadway is just 2 blocks west and a 5 minute walk, fantastic location.Seems there is a combination of business and leisure travellers.Club Quarters will arrange a 'taxi' to JFK for $60. Not bad, especially as you may end up getting a stretch limo like we did.Would go back here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Superb customer service great location and rooms	My partner and I arrived at Club Quarters late one Wednesday night (due to a flight delay). We arrived at the hotel, and were met by two charming young staff members, one of whom said, “Would you like the good news or the bad news?” She explained that the hotel was overbooked, but that they had a room for us in the new Club Quarters in south Manhattan. They would pay for a taxi ride to that hotel, and for a return trip to the Club Quarters Rockefeller Center, where we would have a very nice suite for the next three nights of our stay.I said that we would prefer a different option in the nearby area, as I had an early morning business meeting the next day and had selected this particular Club Quarters because it was only 2 blocks from my meeting. We had arrived in the middle of the UN opening week, traffic was chaotic and I didn’t know the subway system well enough.The staff members said that they would try to find an nearby alternate. In the meantime, they directed us to a nice all-night deli nearby where we could grab a bite to eat. When we returned, they informed us they had found a room at a nice boutique hotel just five blocks away. Because we had prepaid the reservation, they decided to give us exact cash for payment of our room the next morning. They gave me an envelope stuffed with cash.They also gave us $20 for a taxi ride to the alternate hotel, which we pocketed as it was an easy walk. And they gave us a gift certificate for 2 nights lodging at any Club Quarters in the US. They then concluded with an assurance that we would have a very nice suite when we returned the next day for the last three nights of our stay.We got to the alternate boutique hotel and discovered we were checking into a room with a $450 per night rate. But the Club Quarters staff had given us exactly the right amount in cash to fully payfor the room the next morning.We returned to the Club Quarters at 1 PM the next day. Our suite was ready. It was on the 27th floor, and as promised was a corner suite with a lovely view of St Patrick’s Cathedral.The room was spacious, nicely appointed, very clean. We appreciated the complimentary bottles of water near the elevator on our floor. There was a computer and printer on the seventh floor available to us on Sunday morning to print out boarding passes.There were a few quirks: a small lobby, a quirky elevator, and a bit of a delay in getting our luggage from storage (on a different floor than the lobby). But all in all, this was a very nice place to stay. And I must commend the management for empowering their desk staff to deal with an overbooking in such an imaginative, though costly, way. We will speak highly of Club Quarters to many people (and already have), and will definitely plan to stay there on our next visit to NYC.	
Oct 13 2009 	great location; modern and convenient	Situated across the street from Rockefeller Center, this hotels provides great access to local attractions, public transportation, and an easy walk to 5th Ave. stores and Times Square area. Room prices were very reasonable (~$200/night) and hotel amenities were excellent. Highly recommended and would stay there again without hesitation.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great rooms with excellent customer service	Cannot be beaten for comfort, customer service and location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing location!	My boyfriend and I stayed here in December of 2008 and I could not have been more pleased with our hotel choice! The city was decorated beautifully for the holiday season, and staying at this hotel allowed us to be within walking distance of many wonderful sights. If you step outside the hotel and walk about 10 steps to the left you can see 'The Tree' at Rockefeller Center; you can also look down the street (to the left) and see St. Patrick's Cathedral and the other way (to the right) and see Radio City Music Hall. In addition, the hotel is right across the street from the FDNY Fire Zone Store... my boyfriend (a soon to be firefighter) was very impressed with this. I on the other hand, enjoyed the close proximity to 5th Ave. :) The room itself was wonderful for the two of us... plenty of space and a comfy bed! We also enjoyed the free water bottles and the staff was always more than willing to give us directions/help us with anything we needed.We would definitely stay here again and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to be in the heart of NYC.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great location; clean comfortable rooms.	Just spent 3 nights in NYC at Club Quarters, Rockefeller Center. Couldn't ask for a more convenient location (Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center, Fifth Ave., Central Park, St. Patrick's Cathedral). Room was small but well organized, clean, quiet (except for closing doors nearby), comfortable bed. Elevators were quirky but not intolerable. First hotel I've ever stayed at where housekeeping staff left thank you note for tips. Appreciated free computers available for printing boarding passes and checking email. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 31 2009 	convenient location great price	Yes, the rooms are small, but I've stayed in smaller hotel rooms that cost more. Importantly, the room was clean, bed was comfy, AC worked, there was good water pressure, and the bathroom was unexpectedly large for a NYC hotel. And the price is unbeatable for the location - convenient for the midtown financial center, Rockefeller Center, and the subway. Check-in couldn't have been easier with the self-serve kiosks. I missed it until my last day there, but there's a cute little lounge and restaurant with roof terrace too.	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice place close to everything	Priceline is always the luck of the draw. Your never sure where you might be put up. This time we lucked out. The place was definitely a great buy for NYC. Check in was quick and friendly. The room was clean, modern, small but for NYC, I would consider it average in size. The view from the room faced 5th ave and looked down upon St. Pat's. The bed cart was requested at check in and was brought up within 5 minutes. Checking out we requested they hold one bag so we could walk around the city. They did so graciously and charged us nothing. My only complaint, and this is really trying to find something wrong with the place but it would have to be the elevator and using your room card to access your floor. Once you got use to it and choose the floor quickly after inserting the card you were all right.. but it takes something to get use to. If your going to a play on Broadway or just looking to hang around Mid-Town, you can go wronger here. Highly recommend.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Clean, quiet, close to everything - we did mostly walking and subway trips. Our stay there was a total pleasure, we had no problems with the check-in, the staff was curteous and helpful. The price we got for 3 nights was quite incredible for NYC, especially considering the location, the cleanliness and the comfort it provided. Added bonus, MoMA is just a block away as is Top of the Rock - best view of the city.	
Jul 22 2009 	Use for location and price	Stayed for 3 nights and found this Club Quarters it offers excellent value and perfectly good quality rooms if a little on the small size. The location is hard to beat, though the entrance off the street is unimpressive. Don't bother with the bar/restuarant (New York has plenty of good places!) except to use the free internet. Try to get an upper floor, the higher the better, as there can be a bit of street noise, if you are facing onto it.	
Jun 30 2009 	um...ok not exceptional	This place is ok not great. The location is perfect for people who want to shop and do broadway. The hotel just has some frustrating aspects. It seems silly but number 1 annoyance is the elavator. You have to use your card to get to the floor you want which I understand adds a level of safety, but it doesnt actually work. How many times I had to go up and down al 20+ floors to get to my floor you wouldnt believe. I wasnt the only one too. Also the ladies who do housekeeping talk, no yell, back and forth across the hallway to each other from different rooms early in the morning. Not fun when you are trying to sleep.	
Jun 24 2009 	Spacious respite for a business traveler well appointed but a little noisy	I stayed two nights for business here. I found the room to be unbelievably spacious for a midtown hotel. I've stayed at other Club Quarters locations before and have always found their rooms to be well appointed. I had a small sink, fridge, small cupboard, and ample desk and living space. Bathroom was clean, shower pressure and temperature were excellent. The bed was very comfortable with many pillows some with different firmness (I really like this in hotels), and I found the best one for me. One of my biggest pet peeves is curtains that dont close all the way allowing too much light in. However it was pitch dark when I woke up at 7:30 for work thanks to the curtains.I did have some trouble getting to sleep as I believe there's a nightclub right next door. I found to be very annoying as my room was shaking every so often to the beat of the music. I highly recommend you ask for a higher floor. I was on the second floor and it was VERY noisy. Luckily I was dead tired and passed out and it wasn't an issue.The lounge on the 7th floor is very inviting and relaxing. After my meetings I unwound with a cocktail and read the paper in front of their TV they have up there. It was not crowded and the service was very attentive. I didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't comment on that. The only thing I found odd is that I didn't have an iron in my room. I had a dress shirt I needed to iron out and even the more basic hotels i've stayed in midtown manhattan have irons. Maybe it's to encourage you to use their laundry service :) No bother, I improvised and ran the hot water to steam up the bathroom and that got the wrinklkes out of my shirt.Also their internet WORKS in the room, and its FREE!You can not go wrong with staying here for the location, professional service, and value.	
Jun 13 2009 	Good Catch for a Great Price	Looking for a inexpensive yet good hotel room always seems to be a challenge in NYC However, after staying at the Club Quarters in Rockefeller Center, I have to say I was very impressed and satified with my stay. Location is great, front desk got us in our room very quickly not to mention they were very pleasant. The room was very modern and clean. A bit small and very business like however would still stay here over and over again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location Great	Good little hotel. Great location. Good size rooms for NY. Nice terrace bar with views over rockefeller centre, radio city and st patricks.Menu looked good but only had breakfast which was fine. Would stop again.	
May 29 2009 	very good hotel	The hotel is very friendly. Has a terrace with a church view, and very good cuisine. Computers with internet, free water at the corridors, and a great staff. I only miss a frigobar. Great location, in front the Rockefeller Center and near Times Square. I will be back.	
May 20 2009 	Great Location	This was a great location for New York City. Just off the hustle and bustle of Times Square, but closer enough to be in the thick of it within minutes. The Rockefeller Centre is seconds from the hotel, and close to the Subway station too.Staff were friendly, and seemed helpful enough. Rooms were compact, but very comfortable and clean.Would definitely consider this hotel again on my return NYC.	
May 17 2009 	Great location clean room but not good for a long stay	We stayed here for 4 nights and had never visited New York before. The location was excellent as within walking distance to major attractions. The one drawback was the lack of cupboard space for two of us, although we just about managed. This hotel is used by a lot of business travellers so fine for couples, but I don't think ideal for children. We stayed on the 26th floor which was generally quiet, but the extractor fan in the bathroom did not switch off. Despite this we were very happy with our choice of hotel and thought it to be very good value.	
May 7 2009 	Perfet for Business Travel	This hotel is in a great location and within walking distance to many of the main attractions in Midtown. The room was beautiful and clean. The bathroom has a makeup mirror, hair dryer, and there was a removable shower head with great water pressure. The only complaint would be at the Terrace Club restaurant where the service was very slow and the tip was automatically added to the bill, regardless of the number of people in your party.This hotel is perfect for single travelers or couples who are looking for a classy hotel without worrying about children or loud room parties bothering them.Note: Most of the rooms only have one bed. If you would like 2 beds, only single/twin beds are available in rooms with no view on the lower floors of the hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Clean good value central position	I booked this hotel both through Expedia.com and Orbitz.com, for an average of 100 4 a night. It is in the same building of the Rockefeller Center Hotel and they share the lobby and reception, excet that the Club Quarters is at the highest floors: the plus: less noise coming from the street, the minus:longer time waiting for the 2 elevators. I stayed both ate the Rockefeller Center Hotel and at the Club Quarters and my stay was better at the former. In Rockefeller Center Hotel I had microwave and refrigerator in my room and a big LCD TV. In Club quartes the view was better but the TV smaller and no other facilities. The plus is that in Club quarters you have 2 desktop workstations that you can use. In Rockefeller Center Hotel you have just one.	
Apr 13 2009 	Disappointing	We usually stay at the Club Quarters downtown by wall street, which is very quiet and reasonable priced on the weekends. We chose the Rockerfeller Center location for this Saturday night because we were going to the theatre. I was extrmemely disappointed. The room was clean and comfortable, but even smaller (hard to believe) than the CQ downtown. The HVAC did not work and the walls were so paper thin we could hear conversations in the rooms on either side of us. Even the bathroom walls WITHIN our room were so thin you could hear everything. The elevators are EXTREMELY slow. At check in (we arrived at 4) we were told they were still cleaning rooms and we should have a seat. Another couple walked in immediately behind us and were given their room. I stood and asked if we could get OUR room and they said, &quot;Oh sure!&quot; If I hadn't had asked, who knows how long I would have been sitting there! We will go back downtown next time. Worth a long walk or subway ride.	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect Location	Just spent a one night but it was the perfect place to spend the one night. Room was small - but heh, all rooms under $300 in New York are small. But the room was well appointed, clean, and comfortable. The bathroom was clean. No tub, but a good size shower. And the room was quiet - you didn't know you were in the middle of NY.The view from our room - OMG - St. Patricks to the east and the rink at 30 Rock to the south.For the traveler who drives into the city, the parking arrangement was perfect - discount parking at a garage 3 blocks away - two when you walk through the MOMA courtyard and another building.The restaurant/bar in the hotel was a great place for afternoon cocktails and snack before heading off to dinner and Lincoln Center. And the breakfast the next morning was reasonably priced and good.We felt like we found a diamond in the rough with this hotel.	
Mar 29 2009 	Location ...but nothing else	Stayed here for 6 nights in March - in a premium room (means larger but just as spartan).What was good ? As everybody else says, locationWhat was bad ?Room reminded me of Belgrade early 80s. VERY basic. Not that large: rather very high ceiling.Very noisy. All premium rooms are in first 6 floors so street noise (and from Cowboy-themed restaurant next door) is unbearable at times.The Terrace might be a great spot in the Summer: just tired and sad when I went.Altogether, poor value for money: there is much better for $300 in low season.	
Mar 24 2009 	GREAT location	This small hotel is in midtown Manhattan. We had a view of Rockefeller Skating Rink from our window. We stayed in a standard queen room which was small, but clean and comfortable. We requested extra pillows and washcloths and these were delivered within 5 minutes. No concierge, but front desk staff available for questions/recommendations 24/7. Hotel is within walking distance of SO many things-Broadway, Times Square, 5th Avenue, Central Park, etc. The location made all the difference in our long NYC weekend. There is a small deli/coffee shop next door and we picked up bagels and fruit for breakfast in the AMs. I would highly recommend this hotel on it's location alone. Saved us a lot in cab fares!	
Mar 22 2009 	Great spot to perch in midtown	Small but efficient and spotless room. Was upgraded at check-in and got into room early. Good service on several requests. TV remote was missing but they sent one right up.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent Location - Excellent Service	My husband and I stayed at Club Quarters on a last minute trip to NYC. What a great find. We were on the same block as Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall, two blocks from St Patrick Cathedral, and six blocks from Central Park. The rooms are small but very well laid out. I didn't feel confined at all, we even had a crib in the room! Check in was smooth and quick and the staff was incredibly friendly. There is parking 2 blocks away that is validated for only $35 for 24 hours!! A few blocks away is the Heartland Brewery. An excellent place for dinner. Their selection of handmade beer is great. Overall we really enjoyed this hotel and would definetly stay again!	
Mar 2 2009 	good location	Brilliant location for a NY hotel. rooms were small but were comfortable. Flat screen tv and modern decor and bathrooms were beautiful. We paid €2,000 for one week for the two of us. this was considerably pricey considering breakfast was not included. We went to the restaurant on the middle floor for lunch on the first day. it came to $36 and we gave $50 and the waiter took the pleasure of tipping himself the $14 himself. We didnt eat there again. i have no problem with tipping, just i would like to do it myself. Breakfast was an additional $18. The location is fantastic and we had a fabulous holiday but breakfast should have been included for the price. there was vending machines and free bottoled water as well as room service on demand including every takeaway ou would wish. the hotel was fantastic and i would stay there again but would not eat in the restaurant out of principal.	
Feb 27 2009 	Best Location small bedroom and poor service	The best location in NY! We went at christmas time so was the best place to stay, small room but average for the city, don`t expect much from service, very cold and away. Overall was fair enough.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great - no complaints!	Great location and service. Comfortable, clean, quiet room. Would stay there again!	
Jan 16 2009 	Perfect location for a busy trip	We stayed here for 5 nights over New Year (I have written a separate review about Bubba Gumps restaurant where we spent NYE) and were very impressed. We took a taxi from La Guardia which cost about US$45 but that includes a good tip as the driver was great and also being stuck in traffic as the hotel is (as you would expect) right next to the Rockefeller Centre and there were huge crowds there to see the tree and skating rink. The hotel arranged a car to take us to JFK when we left as it was a 4.30am start and that was US$65 plus tip.The location is perfect, easy walking distance from the Top of the Rock, 5th Avenue, Broadway, Times Square and the south end of Central Park. We took a hop on hop off bus tour, picked up at Times Square, which took us to all the major sights in south Manhattan including the Statue of Liberty and Wall Street and also did the Uptown loop which took us the entire way round Central Park and through Harlem. US$49 each (valid for 48 hours) for the tickets and we could have done more trips but didn't have the time so good value.The room was clean and had everything we needed for a nice, comfortable stay including free (and easy to connect to which was a rarity on our trip) wi fi, good coffee and a decent shower. There is also access to free drinking water and the hotel provide water bottles next to the water so you can take it to your room which was a really good idea.Our room overlooked the skating rink at Rockefeller Plaza too which was a nice touch (25th floor – room 3). No real road noise, although there were taxi horns going all night but that's the hazard of staying in the centre of the city.The staff were pleasant and helpful and unlike other places I've recently read about, didn't always have their hands out for a tip which was good. Makes you feel more like leaving one.There is a bar/restaurant right next door called Johnny Utahs which at first glance looks like it may be a bit dodgy but I would highly recommend it, even for families – there's nothing in there to upset or offend kids and there were families in there. The food was excellent (the texas brisket is a must try), the staff friendly and helpful and the atmosphere relaxed. Plus the beer was good! Both the bar and the hotel were a great place to escape to after a hectic day sightseeing and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Brilliant Location perfect if you don't want masses of facilities	I will keep my review to the hotel itself and write a seperate review on the holiday.We booked this hotel through ebookers and got a decent price, they are worth checking out. We never had any issues as I have before with Expedia or having to make sure our reservation was sent through from Expedia which was great.I had previously read reviews, there aren't loads of reviews, like there are for other hotels, but all the ones there were seemed to give it a good solid thumbs up.When we arrived we were early and our room was not ready so we handed in our cases and were told to come back in an hour. We headed off to explore for a little while until the room was ready. First thing that struck me was that the location was absolutely brilliant, in the middle of everything, just a short walk from Central Park, Theatre District and are on Rockefeller's doorstep and Radio City's. There were some good places to eat/drink nearby, and a handy bar called Johnny Utah's right next door, which if it takes your fancy, has a roadeo bull you can have a go on!Back at the hotel the room was ready as assured and when we got to the room were pleasantly surprised. I have stayed in NY many times and am used to the shoe box rooms you can pay through the nose for so was very happy with our room which I felt was compact but absolutely fine and very modern and clean. There was a menu in the room which you could order from 24/7 and the hotel have it delivered to you (this was from outside restaurants). We should mention here that there is a diner called Big Daddy's Diner on Lexington downtown which will deliver 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays, we ate in the Diner and the food was great so can highly recommend it.There is a terrace bar on the 7th floor which is also a small restaurant and whilst we didn't eat there we had a drink. Like all hotel bars it was a tad on the pricey side but we expected that. The menu for breakfast/lunch/dinner looked decent enough and not too bad price wise but there are FAR cheaper options just around the corner. A good diner nearby was Appleby's which if you walk westward on 51st Street across an avenue on the corner there is Eileen's Stardust diner (DO NOT GO HERE - ABSOLUTE CRAP), bust a right at this corner and walk up this avenue and look to your left and you'll see it, good food, good price.There is a fitness room which we didn't really look at but heard people say it was ok, nothing amazing but fine and they will even deliver fitness equipment to your room on request free which I thought was great.We wanted a late check out and for $35 you could have the room til 3pm which suited us great so we did that. Check-in and out was an absolute breeze.I loved this hotel, it was exactly what I needed, I was more than happy with their room service menu which I felt was better than most big hotels and I was absolutely chuffed that we found this place. If you are looking for a very clean, comfortable and modern place to stay and don't mind not having the big hotel facilities like swimming pools, big gyms and big bars and restaurants, and are happy with the relatively small bar/restaurant facilities (the bar was never really busy) and small workout room then you will absolutely feel like you've won the lottery here. Again the best part was the location, I would only stay here in future, that is a promise.	
Dec 9 2008	Great Location	My daughter and I always try to visit NY around the holidays to take in the sites and visit the holiday fairs going on. This year the hotel prices were pretty high so we decided to try the Club Quarters using friends of a business associate. We were pleasantly surprised at the location - directly across from the tree in Rockefeller Center and of course half block from all the great shops on 5th Ave. The room (1103) was small - but my daughter and I believe that we have stayed in smaller and as it was only for the one night it was not an issue. The bed was small and I know that I had asked for two beds but when I called the desk I was told that was never a guarantee and they supplied a roll-a-way. Not exactly what I had envisioned but we went with it - no alternative really. The bathroom was small - no bathtub - but what more do you need besides the basic necessities. We did not use, but did go to see the Terrace Club and it is a beautiful place with comfortable chairs around a fireplace, flat screen TV, a beautiful bar and tables on an outdoor enclosed patio for year round dining. We were there on a Sunday and everything closed early - 10 PM - and we were still out shopping so we missed the club. The hotel does have a great deal - they have about 5 restaurants with different foods that deliver for a nominal charge of 2.50. We returned to the hotel at 11 - contacted the deli - ordered food and it was delivered within the 30 minute time frame. This was a definite perk in our book - and really NOT expensive,delivered hot and very good.Also the fitness room was adequate and the free bottled water on the floors is also a great perk.I don't know how the rooms would measure up in other cities if they are the same size as this one but for New York - and what we have seen at other chain hotels - this was comfortable, clean, great location and easy check in and check out (all computerized)	
Dec 4 2008	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel for 4 nights from the 27th November with my partner. We both thought the hotel was great, it was in the perfect position, just a 10 minute walk from Central Park and a 5 minute walk to Times Square. The receptionists were very helpfull, always suggesting somehwere new to go and they also made restaurant reservations for us.I'd read some of the other reviews about the rooms but I have to say ours was spacious with plently of cupboard space, the bathroom was clean and had everything that we needed (could of done with a dust though!!).If we were to visit New York again we'd definately stay here, compared to some of the other places i'd stayed in the city this was 100 times better!If you see reception they will also provide you with discount ickets to some of the major attractions.	
Nov 26 2008	best location ever	We have just returned from a short break in new york staying at club quarters. This hotel is in a fantastic location the best you can get. It is modren and clean. Rooms are a good size in relation to new york room sizes. Ice stating and radio city accross the road. Staff are very frendly and helpful and will assist you with any questions.Stayed on sixth floor you will need your room key to operate the lift. Had breakfast in terrace club, was well worth a visit for views of st patricks but food was a little cold. Had dinner in johnny utas two nights. Food fab athmosphere very good. Very busy stop mid week with local office workers. The main attraction of johnny utas was the rodeo which was great fun to watch.All the sights of new york within walking distance of club quarters, time square, empire state building, macys. Fifth ave 30 seconds walk. Mostly did shopping in jearsy gardens outlets fantastic bargins to be had. Just get bus from port athority 34 street on 8 ave route 222 bus 111. well worth a visit.Will def stay in this hotel again. enjoy new york...	
Sep 21 2008 	No better place to stay...............	My wife and I visited New York City from September 5 – 8th for our 5th anniversary. I’ve been to NYC only once before and this was to be my wife’s first visit.I booked a package deal leaving out of Buffalo on Delta Airlines and staying at the Club Quarters – Rockefeller for three nights. Flight was non-eventful however when we touched down at JFK we sat grounded for a half an hour waiting for a spot to park the plane and off load. I booked SuperShuttle for the transfer to the hotel (horrible .. don't book Super Shuttle…). Because it was rush hour and the fact that it was Fashion Week in NYC and the Fashion Rocks show was being held at the Radio City Music Hall (directly across the street from our hotel) it was tough getting to our hotel.We finally pulled up close to the hotel only to see barricades, cops and paparazzi all over the place. We managed to navigate ourselves through the crowd and into the lobby immediately asking the hotel receptionist what all the fuss was about. She told us that the stars of the Fashion Rocks show as getting dressed at the hotel. Not more then 2 minutes later out of the elevator pops Miley Cyrus right past us and into an awaiting Hybrid Escalade for the two minute drive to the red carpet at the Radio City Music Hall.After Miley it was celebrity after celebrity…..Blondie (Debra Harry), Pussycat Dolls, Naomi Campbell, Ashanti etc. We missed Fergie and Carrie Underwood but apparently they were there too.Welcome to New York!We finally got to our room on the 14th floor and were pleasantly surprised. The room was relatively small but it was clean and well appointed. The Club Quarters offers free purified water and bottles to enjoy at your leisure (machine happened to be just outside our door). We had a queen sized bed which was nice. The sheets were crisp and the bed was comfortable.Because the room was small we didn't have alot of space to store the luggage however we had just enough so that we didn't trip over everything each time we came into our room.The staff were very accomodating and helpful and when asked to provide directions they often looked it up on the internet and printed information for you right on the spot. They also have maps and umbrella's should you need them.The bathroom was nicely decorated and big enough for two to get ready in. Shower was good, plenty of hot water and good pressure. We wanted to have a drink or a snack on the 7th floor terrace however the afternoon we tried they were setting up for a wedding reception that evening....we didn't get back again to give it a try.We absolutely loved the location of the hotel. Sure the lobby was somewhat small and the hotel was relatively non-descript from the outside but you couldn't beat the location in our opinion. There was so much going on in the city the weekend we were there (Fashion Week, Fashion Rocks show, US Open Tennis on and on). Accross the road in the Rockefeller Centre they had a 'stadium' like set up for the tennis tournament taking place just down the road at Flushing Meadows. In the square they had natural grass, stadium seating and a huge big screen tv showing the tennis matches. There were many people sitting and watching during the day in the beautiful sunshine and also in the lovely evening under the stars.Subways were very close by to take you anywhere in NY you wanted to go. Shopping was just around the corner (5th ave) while others like Macy's were just a 10 minute commute by subway.Times Square and Broadway was a few minute walk away and St. Patrick's church just around the corner (it was amazing!).I highly recommend this hotel for location, price, cleanliness and customer service. You won't go wrong it.	
Sep 4 2008 	Club Quarters Rockefeller Center – What a find!	There’s really a lot to like about this little Manhattan hotel. It’s not for everyone, of course: if grandiose spaces and luxe treatment by dedicated staff at every turn are your thing, you won’t enjoy it. But if you like being in a well-designed, safe, clean, quiet, practical, brilliantly-located, and excellently priced hotel, this is the place for you. Note, however, that the hotel requires institutional membership, and I believe it is not open to the general public. However, a large and growing number of companies and other organizations like universities, etc., do have memberships that permit employees to book at any Club Quarters for business or personal stays. The building is unassuming from the street, and your cab driver will not have heard of Club Quarters; look for the small dark awning to identify it, right next to Johnny Utah’s restaurant (no relation to CQ). The hotel is just around the corner from the H&amp;M on 5th Avenue and West 51st, nestled between Banco Popular and Bank of America. It’s also a quarter of a block from Rockefeller Plaza, and across from Radio City Music Hall. There’s no door man, and the lobby and front desk, while attractive, are functional and far short of pompous. The staff – usually two people behind a tiny desk – are well-trained and helpful, check-in was swift and uneventful (the way you want it). There is no concierge, the desk staff does their best with “getting-there” instructions and will store luggage, but I don’t believe they make dinner reservations or book tours and the like.Mine was a ‘club room’ with one comfy double bed, little tables, good reading lamps, a small open wardrobe-like piece of furniture with drawers and shelves, a decent-sized desk with all kinds of computer hookups, a window that opened several inches for fresh air (yay!), and an ergonomic task chair, but no easy chair as some of CQ’s Website photos. There simply isn’t room, the footprint is quite small, though well laid-out and just fine for one or two people for a few nights. There is no mini-bar but instead there is a room-service menu of extremely reasonably priced mini-bar type treats (no alcohol though, as I recall) that will be delivered for just $2.50 (which is nothing short of amazing for Manhattan). There are the usual coffee maker and packets of lousy coffee and a tea bag on the desk. Climate control is exceptionally effective, and the thermostat was within reach of the bed. There are no iron/board in the room, but they can be provided on request. TV reception is good, channel choices only fair. There are internet options galore, including three PCs and two B &amp; W laser printers for use for free at the Terrace Restaurant. The bathroom is excellent, with a large walk-in shower (could use some fresh grout), granite counter, and just enough room for one’s stuff. Hot water is abundant and comes up right away; the hand-held shower is terrific. Hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, and a couple of nice soaps are provided. I found the hotel to be exceptionally quiet, the only disturbance was the occasional slam of my neighbors’ doors, as the auto-closers are pretty robust. Otherwise, with window closed, there’s no outside noise, and I don’t know if it’s the arrangement of the rooms on the floors or the particular clientele or what exactly, but I never heard voices through the walls or from the halls. There were some especially endearing features about this Club Quarters: 1. There’s a shelf over the desk with a couple of books, most interestingly, “Great Fortune: The Epic of Rockefeller Center” by Daniel Orkent. I ended up hanging out at RC a lot as the weather was great and especially all of the magnificent period art decorating the buildings really piqued my curiosity, and the trip to “The Top of the Rock” was worth every cent of the $20 ticket for a magnificent view of Manhattan all around, and beyond. 2. The room sported one of the nicest hotel clock radios ever. Instructions for setting the alarm were perfectly clear, thank you very much, and there were pre-sets for classical, pop, news, though the radio was fully tunable as well. 3. In the hall on several floors are cold filtered water dispensers and refillable plastic bottles. How fabulous is that?? The 7th floor Terrace Room is open for three meals every day. I only had breakfast there, which includes a choice of continental (fresh fruit and pastries) for $11, or for $15 you can also get eggs and a couple of other hot choices. Both include juice and coffee. The terrace itself is very nice for al fresco dining, with a good view of the spires of St. Patrick’s Cathedral a half block away. Note, however, that the restaurant is run by a concessionaire, and for some reason they require a special key card to access the 7th floor that expires every midnight. You have to go down to the front desk and request a new card every morning, which is a tad annoying. But above all, the price is absolutely right. I couldn’t find anything anywhere in mid-town that came within $100 of what I paid for such perfect lodging at Club Quarters. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 1 2008 	Brilliant	Just come back from this lovely hotel, I've been to NY before and the room I had in The Pennsylvania Hotel was shocking but I was so susrprised at the club quarters, it was very clean, tastefully decorated and had nice touches like free bottled water and a nice LCD tv, However saying that you wont spend much time at all there as this is New York after all and we just spent our time out exploring.The Location is A1, with Fifth Av around the corner and plenty of subway stations to take you elsewhere. The breakfast at the hotel is fine and is worth a visit to sit outside on the roof top balcony, it has free internet in the bar too.I will without doubt come back and stay here, it exceeded my expectations and I was happy with the service	
Aug 28 2008 	Absolutely fabulous!	Absolutely loved the location of this tiny hotel! Staff was super friendly and nice. Room was small but perfect for a weekend getaway. Highly recommend!	
Aug 19 2008 	Good location small but clean	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with my girlfriend. The location is excellent and while small, it's nice, clean and the reception staff are very helpful. Only downside was that the reception staff booked us a car to take us to Newark airport, telling us it would cost $70 including bridge tolls. When we arrived at the airport the driver asked for an additional $13 to pay for the tolls. I'm not sure who's misunderstanding this was, but it's worth clarifying when booking a car. Otherwise all excellent.	
Aug 3 2008	Just OK	I stayed at this CQ property for 3 days. Overall, the hotel was just ok. To be honest, I expected alot more from a hotel of this sorts.Pluses: Location, location, location. Right in front of rockefeller centre and the subway line. The little resto next door (Teresa's) was awesome! Very clean. Minuses: The beds were aweful (the springs were coming up in ours). Poor pillows. Holes in the bed linens the first day. No front desk or concierge to help in planning.	
Jul 20 2008 	Stay Away	STAY AWAYSpent 4 nights on a business trip.They try to make this place appear a &quot;private&quot; club for businessmen. It's instead nothing more than a budget hotel.UPs: location (in front of the rockefeller plaza)free wi-fi in roomflat tv in room (but it s so unexpensive today)DONWS: rooms smallsmelly bathrooms (drain odors??)no pressure in showerno safety box in roomlobby is miserable and super smallgym is a hot closet with poorest equipmentonly 2 elevators = queueing time sheets with holes (although they changed them on request)	
Jun 30 2008 	A great hotel!	Just left the Club Quarters Rockefeller Center after a 4-night stay. I won't stay anywhere else in NY now! Our party consisted of myself &amp; my husband, and 2 sons ages 18 &amp; 23. We had booked 2 rooms: a &quot;queen loft&quot; with a kitchenette for $309 for ourselves, and a standard room (1 double bed) for $274. Both rooms had 20+ foot ceilings, making the rooms feel extremely spacious. Our &quot;queen&quot; room actually had a king bed, and the standard room had a queen bed. The square footage was more than adequate, extremely roomy! Very upscale feel to the decor.....very comfortable beds; our king bed came with 8 down pillows! The rooms were very quiet (except for the first night when some jackhammering was being done on the front sidewalk). The Terrace Club on the 7th floor has incredible outdoor views of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center and Radio City. The location of this hotel can't be beat!!! The only down side was the lobby....miniscule and non-descript.....but who cares? The lobby did not reflect the quality of the guest rooms at all. There are only 5 or 6 &quot;Queen loft&quot; rooms; it was really nice to have the fridge, microwave and bar sink. Highly recommended!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Great location great access	My Wife and I visited New York to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary and stayed at Club Quarters. We had a wheelchair to deal with and the location from this point of view was great. Minutes from Times Square, St Patrick's, Central Park, Broadway &amp; shopping in 5th &amp; 6th avenue not forgetting the 'Rock' itself. Even with a wheelchair, the trip to the top of the Rock was tremendous and a 'Must do' We didn't spend much time in the Hotel restaurant as the choice all around is one of the pleasures to savour. We also had the wheelchair accessible room which was big enough for both of us to move around without bumping into each other.	
May 24 2008 	What A Location	Well what can I say, found this place on Orbitz and was a little dubious but pleasantly surprised but both location, staff efficiency and friendliness. The room was smaller than average but ideal for my fiance and I to spend a few days in NYC. Location was superb, just behind Rockefelleer and between 5th and 6th Avenues.Radio Ci ty was across the street, and during the NFL Draft, but noise was minimal and disruption non-existant. We didnt eat in the 'Club' such is NYC's variety of restaurants, but it did look appealing and clean.One slight sour note, whjen booking a twon car for our trip back to JFK, two hotel front desk employees give us two different prices, along with a third different price given to us and charged by the town car driver. Quite frustrating, especially when everybody sees it as their right to include a tip. But as for the hotel, recommended, and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Perfect Location	my friend+i went shopping to new york for a weekend+stayed in club quaters rockefeller center.it was the perfect hotel for what we wanted.its only 2 minutes walk from 5th avenue+about 5 minutes walk or less from times square.the staff were very helpful.the rooms were very clean+the linen+towels were changed every day.definitely will be going back to them again next year.lovely restaurant next door with brilliant atmosphere.loads of cafes/restaurants/shops either side of the hotel.chemist next door for any items you may have forgotten.24 hour reception.a lovely porter,very helpful	
Apr 7 2008 	Our NYC hotel of choice	Love this place. My husband comes to NYC at least once a month on business, and I've worked for many years in the city in PR/event planning, so the both of us have seen our share of hotel rooms. Here are the reasons that Club Quarters is our hotel of choice:- free, easy wireless internet access- comfortable, DECENT sized rooms (compared to similar-priced hotels in the city)- free bottled water (vs. $6 bottles of Voss I've had to pay at other places)- convenient location - if you're a shopper, this hotel is in the heart of the 5th Ave shopping district- convenient business services- a great &quot;terrace&quot; dining room - perfect for meeting up with friends for a quick bite or drinks- rooms are new and clean - my husband likes the masculine look of the room- it's got everything you need for an NYC visit (who comes to NYC to spend time in their hotel rooms anyway?)- prompt, positive service by the folks downstairs- has all the amenities of a modern hotel, but at the cost of a budget hotel.the one bad - the headboard had some marks on there that made it look a little dirty, but it's a minor complaint all the other aspects that we love.It's not a lot to ask for, but I've stayed at much &quot;hipper, cooler&quot; places here that don't have in-room coffee, desks or even a decent place to hang your clothes. If you're visiting NYC on your own dime, this is an ideal place for the price.	
Apr 4 2008 	good location!	Room was not a little small (the bed as well) and had no view at all, but it was clean, had a good bathroom and the location was perfect for our 4 day NY trip. 5th avenue and central park are around the corner and around the other corner you can walk to times square &amp; the empire state building. Around the third corner you find Rockefeller center subway with just one stop away from connections to the other lines. Will I stay again in the hotel on another stay... I think I might, although I will explicitly ask for a room located at the front so you have a view and a larger bed!	
Apr 1 2008 	Fabulous Location Great Hotel	My fiancee and I stayed at this hotel last weekend. This is our first ever trip into the City and the location of this hotel couldn't have been better. Rooms are small, but okay for us. You're not in your rooms too much in NYC. The food at the Terrace Club was great (pricey, but really tasty). Great Service by the staff of the hotel. Again, location was the key and this place was the best. We had great views of the Rockefeller Plaza and watched people ice skate while we were in our hotel room. Great bar located next door as well. This stay was given to us by my mother as a Christmas/Birthday gift for the two of us, so I'm not sure how much she paid for the rooms nightly, but I am sure it was definitely worth every penny. We cannot wait to go back.	
Feb 29 2008 	A Comprehensive Review of the Club Quarters - Rockefeller Center (NYC)	The Club Quarters – Rockefeller Center is geared toward business or solo travelers. The rooms are small, the hotel is unassuming. The entrance is just to the left of Johnny Utah’s, a popular eatery/bar on 51st Street. Except the flags hanging above the entrance, you might miss this hotel.The lobby is extremely small, as far as most lobbies are concerned. About the size of a guestroom, it is large enough to fit a check-in podium, a loveseat with glass coffee table and an armchair. The rooms are also small, though most rooms in New York City are. Most rooms (if not all) at the Club Quarters – Rockefeller Center feature one (comfortable!) double bed with upgraded linens and warm down comforters. A workspace with complimentary Internet access and computer hookups is provided. A small armoire “closet” contains two drawers, about 12 inches of hanging space and a few 12-inch wide shelves (opposite the hanging space). Tiled bathrooms include granite vanities, a magnifying makeup mirror and good lighting. Doors to the bathrooms are frosted glass, and you can hear everything, so if you’re sharing a room please keep this in mind. (However, it’s important to note that I could not hear neighbors – so walls between rooms must be well-insulated.) The bathroom contained a shower only (with good water pressure), which was separated from the toilet/sink area by raised tile and a tastefully designed shower curtain. Complimentary toiletries included a soap bar, a combo shampoo/conditioner and one other thing – maybe a small bottle of lotion (though I can’t be certain).Windows slide horizontally to open, though only open about five inches wide. From my room, I could see the ice skating rink and twinkling lights at Rockefeller Center.Though the room is small (maybe 15’x15’ total, including the bathroom), the space is used efficiently. The chrome and dark cherrywood finishes give the room a more contemporary feel. I’d definitely stay here again, especially for the price – it’s a steal! The location is on 51st Street, sandwiched between 5th and 6th avenues. It is central to Rockefeller Center (just across the street), Fifth Avenue shopping (one-half block away), and St. Patrick’s Cathedral (one-half block away, gothic architecture, and beautiful). It is also within walking distance of Times Square. TIP 1: Be sure to take advantage of the complimentary, refillable water bottles – available on floors 18 and 20. TIP 2: If you’re unfamiliar with New York City, pick up one of the complimentary tourist booklets in the lobby. The booklets have several great maps – with one large fold-out map – of the city.	
Feb 20 2008 	Club Quarters Rockefeller Centre 'Rocks'	I have stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown a couple of times prior to this stay and found it very good . I book at a corporate rate and find it extremely good value.On this occasion I departed from the norm having noted this property on my Company's intranet hotel guide...sounded a little nicer than Midtown.I booked a studio room which for another 30 or so bucks offered a room approximating a decent size room in other major cities (NYC hotel rooms normally make broom closets look like luxury). It had a little kitchette as well with a fridge for my beer which I liked. It was modern and clean , bed was uber comfy as well.Very easy to get anywhere as the subway was at the Rockefella centre...liked that alot. An easy walk to Central Park and Times Square. restaurant row was spitting distance and if you were too tired after a long day of sight seeing, you could order from a selection of home delivery meals...the Chinese was awesome, worth a try if you need a night in.All-in-all, I can highly recommend this property , it's handy, tidy, and staff are remarkably helpful, (something that was lacking in the staff at the Midtown property). I'll be doing myself a favour next time I'm in NYC and staying at Club Quarters Rockefeller Centre. First rate digs, trust me !!!	
Feb 5 2008	Absolutely perfect...REALLY!!!	There aren't enough superlatives for this hotel! PERFECT location, very friendly, helpful staff, rich linens and pillows, shiny bathroom that was just the right size.....there was nothing I didn't like. Will definitely stay again and it was one third the price of where I stayed a month ago that was 3 blocks away.	
Jan 12 2008 	Location location location!	A friend of mine booked this hotel as part of a package for a NYC trip from Christmas to New Years. Having never heard of it, I was a bit dubious. The location is right across from Rockefeller Center and Radio Center Music Hall, which can be very congested, especially at Christmastime, but is also a prime spot for jumping off and sight-seeing. St. Patrick's is right around the corner, as is 5th Avenue. There is a subway station nearby, so if you've never been to NYC, this is a great location. The rooms were average sized for NYC, but the bathrooms were absolutely tiny. The hotel staff was very accommodating and friendly. They offer free bottled water, which is a nice bonus. There is a nice desk space in the rooms, so it would be convenient for a business traveler. Overall, this is a great value for the money. I would recommend it to first time NYC visitors in a heartbeat!	
Jan 3 2008 	Fantastic- definately recommend	Having found a great deal (1 week £650 incl. flights for New Year's) thought we might be in for your usual basic New York accomadation, however this fantastic find was a great little hotel. Right next to Rockefeller center and opposite St. Patrick's Cathedral, it's location is fantastic. Our room was not big, but was suitable for 2 people. It was clean and tidy with lovely staff members, always willing to help, whether with local information or hotel issues. A rare thing with a cheaper hotel, but all those things you usually have to pay out for were free, things like bottled water, safety deposit boxes, in-room alarm clock, flat-screen TV with cable, internet, even umbrellas for rainy days. Will definately book again, cannot recommend enough!	
Dec 28 2007	Perfect location congenial staff and reasonable rates.	Just steps away from Rockefeller Center and all the wonders of Fifth Avenue at Christmas, this was the most perfect location for a couple spending a few days during the holidays.Each and every staff member we encountered was courteous and professional. While the room seems a tad small, it is really not so for NYC. It was clean with a decent size bath, a club chair and work station plus a flat screen TV. Bear in mind though it is not a luxurious property like the Four Seasons.There are four computers and printers available for use which is a nice feature. On the seventh floor there is also a restaurant which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. We only had one breakfast there, the buffet for $11.00, which was allright but coffee was extra which we thought should have been included.A good choice at a decent rate for NYC during Christmas.	
Nov 28 2007 	Excellent Value for Money	Just back from a long weekend in New York and would definately recommend this hotel. Amazing location, clean, modern and comfortable. I read reviews beforehand saying that the rooms were on the small side but for I wouldnt agree with that comment at all!!! The front desk staff were very helpful and were always available to answer our questions. As &amp; when we return to NY, we will definately stay here again.	
Nov 3 2007 	Reasonably priced great location	I stayed here for the NYC Marathon and was very impressed. The staff were friendly and the room was pretty spacious and nice. The location is very ideal and it is only a block fromthe Park Avenue H&amp;M!!! I would definately stay here again!	
Oct 24 2007 	I'm amazed at how cool this hotel is	I was booked into this hotel by a client for whom I was doing work, and I think they are members. I was only here for one night originally, and I wanted to come in early - I called the hotel directly and asked to add two earlier nights to my stay, and they did so at the same rate my clent got as a member, $250 or so. It was terrific.The hotel's just been renovated. It's just across the street from the Rockefeller Ice Rink, and just a few feet east of Radio City Music Hall. The lobby's cool, crisp and clean. A clerk did hover over me, desperately trying to help me with my self check in. At one point, I asked if he wanted to do it for me. He asked if I needed him to, and I said no. He then backed off. A little too helpful, but everyone else was great.The room itself was a marvel of efficiency, with a great bed, business desk with easily accessed plugs and lights, free wifi (even worked with my iPhone) and the bed was glorious. I got exactly what I ordered. Television's a bit sparse on available channels, the coffeemaker was working fine. The bathroom was another model of efficiency - it gave me ideas for my second bath at home.They offer free chilled, filtered water from machines in generic bottles for use in the rooms and to take with you. Excellent. I was on the 26th floor and it was a bit inconvenient to go all the way down to the 2nd floor to get to the only icemaker and vending in the building.The hotel has the menus for a number of local restaurants that will deliver right to your room for far less than I'd have thought - a couple of dollars. Nice touches include a few resource books that look great on the shelf, a coat hook bar, the digital thermostat right next to the bed and more.And it's right near a couple of major subway stations - which I took for the first time! It was great!I love this hotel. I told my client to book me there every time I come to NYC.This review is for the Rockefeller location only, not the others.	
Oct 19 2007 	WAY Better Than I Expected	I gotta say...when I booked this room through my company's website at $214.00...I was pretty certain it was gonna suck (room rates these days in NYC are more like $500). But imagine my surprise when I walked into a clean, modern, efficient self-service hotel with everything you could ever want in a business-oriented property, and with a PERFECT location just a block from 30 Rock.The 7th floor Terrace is just this side of breathtaking, and the guest room (while small, typical of NYC) was absolutely great.I slept soundly, and enjoyed every minute of my stay there. Definitely will be back!	
Oct 14 2007 	Offers so much but lacks on delivery	The hotel offers so much - great location, great facilities (e.g., free internet, printing, lounge, kitchenette in some rooms, great price for a New York hotel) but - the staff need more training in customer service and the lift takes for ever. I had problems with my room - blocked toilet/telephone didn't work/ distinct smell of previos occupant (a smoker or pet owner). I had to complain 3 times before someone finally fixed the toilet. I complained and was upgraded, but the staff didn't tell me about the telephone messages received when my phone was not working. A few hours before final check out my toilet was blocked again and so was the only public access toilet in the hotel. I was offered another room for my last 2 hours there - nice offer but all I wanted was a toilet!!!There were lots of unhappy people riding the lifts. This hotel offers so much potential, but fails to deliver. They need better trained staff and need to maintain their facilities especially the lift service and toilets to a better standard.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great location small room	GOOD:- great location for shopping and city visits around Rockefeller centrePOOR:- experienced endless waiting time in front of elevator- calculate up to 20 minutes for checking out luggage you store there after your official check-out. seems to be a logistical challenge.OVERALL:good for a short stay in that specific city area	
Oct 1 2007 	Highly recommended!	Just came back from a 5 night stay in this hotel. Selected the standard room with queen bed (rate was US209). This was a holiday for me and my wife and this room suits us fine. Room was clean and well maintained, and facility was good. But room was quite small, we had two pieces of luggage and that was about all the room can accommodate comfortably.Apparently, you can request for fridge or even microwave to be sent to your room for your use without charge but I wonder where they are going to place it.Location was excellent, nothing much to do at night, but this is well within walking distance to all tourist sites - Central park, Times Sq, even Macy's.Do avoid the SushiAnn Japanese restaurant unless you are planning for an expensive and raw dinner.They do charge US0.50 for each toll free call that you make.	
Aug 20 2007	Love the CQ hate their resturant	My husband and I very much like Club Quarter's in Rockefeller Center. Clean and modern, we have found the service to be very good. We have stayed several times.Location is good, not the craziness of the Times Square area.What to avoid at the CQ would be the Terrace room, which I will only call a restaurant because they do. We had dinner for the first time there a week ago, we waited 45 minutes for our appetizers - when the meal finally came (shrimp scampi) the few shrimp on the plate looked old - and the pasta was just that pasta that looked like it may have been tossed with some butter. It did not smell fresh nor did it look appetizing. I called the waiter back, asked him to take the meal away and take if off my bill. I expressed to the waiter my lack of understanding that well after an hour how could this be the best the kitchen could do???We ended up going up going out in search of some decent food. We were successful of course after all were in Manhattan, but very put out.	
Aug 13 2007 	Quiet Hotel Just Outside Everywhere.	My wife and I needed somewhere to stay in Midtown for our 3rd Anniversary weekend, and after an exhaustive search on TA, AMEX Travel, Hotels.com etc. I picked the CQ in Rockefeller Center. I wanted something that looked fairly new, wasn't outrageously expensive and was close to everything in midtown. CQ hit all of those points easily. The hotel is literally 15 seconds from Radio City and Rockefeller Center by foot, less than 15min to Times Square,10min to the theater district, close to Grand Central and a doable walk to Central Park. 5th and Park Avenues are about 10mins away as well.After booking via American Express Travel, I called the hotel and requested an early check-in. (Normally 4pm, we checked in at around 10AM) Check-in was easy via kiosk but there was an attendant close by if we needed her. It lasted all of 5 minutes and we were on our way to our room. When we got off the elevator the first thing I noticed was that there were only like 6 rooms per floor. As a result it was very quiet the entire time and I never even saw another person on our floor. Upon entering the room we noticed it was quite small, but new and pretty clean. There were a few dust bunnies roaming around the desk and end tables but it wasn't so bad. The LCD TV was nice and was out of the way of everything else. There was a VGA connection to hook up your laptop to the LCD TV but the front desk said it wasn't operational yet. The room had a decent cordless phone as well as a provided Ethernet cable. Free internet was provided and for you business travelers, VPN worked great.The bed was nice, trendy, with a duvet. Air conditioning controls were bedside. We did keep getting some weird oder from the bed and I think we narrowed it down to the headboard. It is covered in a satin-like material and I guess with everyone's head grease it started to smell after a while. Not horrible though. The bathroom was small but clean and the sliding door really didn't do much for sound isolation. No safe in the room so we opted out of maid service and locked our laptops in out luggage. Extra towels and small freebie items are available on every other floor in cabinets by the elevators. There are also fill your own bottled water stations as well by these closets. No problems sleeping or with noise, W51st on this block is very quiet at night. Room service was decent, not too pricey and you have the option to order to a couple different places outside the hotel and have the food delivered to your door. (and added directly to your bill) FYI the outside Italian place stunk. One club level dining option with limited hours, but we never looked into it as we had all our other meals planned around the city. Checkout was a breeze. We will be returning here as soon as Christmasof this year. It's a new hotel that isn't too expensive, has exactly what we need and not much of what we don't.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at Club Quarters Rockefeller for 3 nights in August of 07. We had room 1009, which is a comfortable small modern room with a &quot;view&quot; of an adjoining building. The room is equiped with a flat panel TV, fast internet hook up,and an in-room thermasat. The elevators were not operating properly our first night which made getting to and from our room a little challenging. The elevators were fixed the next day so it became a non event but it was quite frustrating having to wait so long.The self check-in and check-out computers were easy to use and made the process very quick. Club Quarters has free internet access on the seventh floor along with a bar/lounge area with a nice patio that overlooks 51st Street.The location of the hotel is great ( on 51st Street, between 5th &amp; 6th Ave.) You are within walking distance to Time Square, Grand Central, and Central Park. There are subway stops nearby on 6th ave that got us to further away destinations. We felt that this is a nice low key hotel in a great location and would stay there again.	
Aug 7 2007	Perfect: Clean great Proximity right price.	Club Quarters is located in a perfect place if you want to stay close to Rockefeller, Times Square, etc. The rooms were designed for 1-2 people and they were clean with updated furniture. A flat screen TV was present and the bathroom was nicely updated and decorated. The check in process was painless. This place has a nice workout facility. I'd recommend having a drink on the balcony of the 7th floor restaraunt. Great views and atmosphere. This place is close to everything when staying around Rockefeller. Checkout is automatic and painless. The price was right for this place and I'll stay here again on any future trips.A few complaints: 1 of the 2 elevators was not working the entire weekend. This made for long waits and the stairs wasn't an option to get to the 23rd floor.No iron/ironing board.	
Jul 9 2007 	Marvelous hotel	Club Quarters Rockefeller Center was centrally located both to Times Square, 5th Avenue shopping, and bus loop areas. For those travelers who wish privacy and quiet, this is the hotel for you. The room was spacious for two people, a/c, well lit, clean, nice view of the cathedral--although the bathroom was small, it had a full shower. I was very pleased with the staff, courteous and very helpful. My stay in New York City was a hit.	
Apr 25 2007	Very Clean and Great Location	We stayed in room 1208 in April 2007. While the room was a little small for two people, it was absolutely immaculate and updated. The location can't be beat as the hotel is literally across the street from Radio City, 30 Rock, and down the block from St. Patrick's. I would detinitely stay here again. Keep in mind that this is a business oriented hotel so it does not have all the bells and whistles such as a large lobby and concierge, but if you know your way around NYC, you don't need that stuff.	
Apr 5 2007 	A little piece of heaven!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night over St. Patrick's Day weekend. We go to New York on a regular basis for shows and events as we live close by in Philadelphia. Of all the hotels we've stayed in around the same price range, this was one of the best. We were at first suprised by the size of the very small lobby but check-in was a breeze on their computer check-in system. The rooms are small (as they often are in NYC), but they are nicely decorated, very clean and modern. The bathroom doors are frosted but you cannot see through them as one of the other reviews suggests. They actually help make the room appear a little larger than it actually is. The greatest part about this hotel is the Terrace Club on the 7th floor which is a large, relaxing space with an indoor and outdoor area with nice views. There are armchairs, magazines, newspapers, internet access and a small eating area and bar. It was great to return to the hotel after a long day and hang out there. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and we look forward to returning.	
Mar 12 2007 	Sleek European Modern Style in Rockefeller Center	My company is a corporate member of CQ and my boyfriend and I decided to go to New York for Valentine's Day. While we were dissapointed that we couldn't get the weekend special, the price for one night was still good for the location (about 220 for a standard queen). The lobby is small, but what do you expect in the highest rent district in the city? Our room was also small but well designed and laid out. The design was european feeling and we just loved it. We have stayed uptown at the Marriott in Central Park West in a huge suite, and by far enjoyed our CQ room better - it was just more our style. The bathroom only has a shower, and the door slides open and shut - there isn't much privacy. We didn't have a problem with this, but some may. The location was awesome - while it's not the best place to wander around at night (not much to do), we enjoyed the proximity to the museums uptown, and the subways to downtown. We had a view of Radio City Music Hall, and couldn't complain about the noise, there didn't seem to be any. The beds were very comfortable, and there was a thermostat in the room, which was nice. The breakfast was nice, but a little pricey - 10 dollars for continental, I believe. But - you're probably not going to find any cheaper anywhere else in the neighborhood. You aren't really there to enjoy the food though so much as the atmosphere. The dining area is very nice and not outdated like so many hotel restaurants, and the patio is closed in for dining during the winter - which was sortof fun. We also liked that the hotel was private and discreet, again, just a matter of taste. We loved our stay and can't wait to try the CQ downtown!	
Mar 9 2007 	Great location but that is it	We stayed at Club Quarters in August, 2006. On my only previous trip to NYC, we stayed at the Embassy Suites - a wonderful place, but too far away from the Theatre District. We were referred to the hotel by a local university that we were visiting for my teenage daughter. The first Club Quarters we tried was sold out, so we were referred to this location. There were three of us - me and my two teenagers. The location was excellent - just a block from 5th Avenue and a few blocks from Broadway. It was an easy walk to anywhere. I was very disappointed with rest of my stay. The room was very clean, but very tiny. I knew the hotel was meant for a business traveller, but they should not even allow 3 in a room. With a rollaway bed (and paying a premium for the third person), there was no room to move. You had to climb over the bed to get to the bathroom. Service was only fair. We were without the complimentary internet service for 3 of our 4 days. The exercise area was closed due to remodeling. It was our understanding that the breakfast was not free, but $8/person. We had to find extra towels for ourselves. Like the other reviewers, elevator service was poor and there was no view out of our window except for the building next door. Noise level from the street was loud (even 20+ floors up), especially when the Today Show was having a free concert.Overall, I would not stay here again unless I was alone. The location was convenient, but I would rather stay a little further out and get a larger room.	
Mar 8 2007 	Price isn't everything	We stayed for 3 nights at the Club Quarters Hotel in first week in March. The location is perfect, right across from Rockefeller Center between 5th and 6th avenues.We booked an efficiency room, which is slightly larger than the standard room and includes a wet bar, micro, fridge and a very small sitting area with one chair. Any requests for extra pillows, towels, etc were answered in no less than 5 minutes. There arent really any drawers to speak of to store your clothes and the bathroom is tight for two people. Lobby is very small and the front desk people are not at all efficient in handling the back up.The restaurant is the Terrace Club on the 7th floor and it is PRIVATE, a fact which no one informed us until the 3rd day we were there. Everytime we got on the elevator and tried to use our key to gain access to the restaurant we had trouble, usually there was another hotel guest on whose key worked. On the 3rd day when no one was on the elevator to help us we went down to the lobby to complain our key didnt work. We were informed that we were staying at the Rockefeller Center Hotel, floors 2 through 6 are open to the public. Floors above 6 you have to be a member of Club Quarters to stay there. No where did our confirm say we were staying at the Rockefeller Center Hotel and not the Club Quarters. Since we were not members, in order to dine at the restaurant we had to pay $20.00 a day extra for that privilege. Meredith at the front desk was snooty, and rude to say the least, upon delivering this message and treated us coldly the rest of our stay. We were also charged a second person fee nightly for the room. Also not disclosed on the confirm or by reservations when booking the room. We have been coming to NY for 20 years and have stayed at the Waldorf, Palace, Carlyle and Pennisula Hotels, so the hidden charges weren't too much for us to pay, it was just how the information was not known until we encountered problems. And how we felt as if we were second class citizens because we were not &quot;members&quot;. To save $200.00 per night it is not worth it to us and we will not be staying here again.	
Jan 7 2007 	Great Location Very Clean	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights over the Christmas and New Year period. I was a little concerned as I had read mixed reviews about this hotel.The Hotel was great, It's in a great location - steps away from 5th Ave, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Hall and Times Square and Central park is within walking distance.There are plenty of deli's around the hotel which serve breakfast and are reasonable too.We did take a look at the hotel's restraunts menu but it was quite expensive and you had to be formally dressed during the week!You can order room service from I think it was 6 different restraunts locally, and they bring it up to your room which is good if you have been sightseeing all day and are tired.Staff were friendly and always helpful. The airline lost our baggage and as the hotel staff were expecting our cases at some point they sent them straight up to our room during the middle of the night as they knew we were eager to receive them as soon as possible.The rooms were very clean, we had clean towels and bedding was changed every other day as stated - which I think is fine, how many people really change there sheets everyday?The hotel recommended a great india restraunt just round the corner called Bombay Palace (very nice)The only couple of things that were slightly disapointing was the Bathroom as it was'nt very private, the toilet is right next to the door which is a sliding frosted glass door so everyone who you are sharing your room with can see to on the toilet!it was fine though as we were family but if you are sharing with freinds be aware.but hey you had a nice shower and as I have said before it was very clean which is a bonus for me.There was also a very small lobby we almost walked past it misteaking it for an exit! I think this really lets the hotel down as it is a really nice hotel and you just don't get that impression from the small lobby as most manhatten hotels have huge lobbies and that is part of the experience.But we had a great stay at this hotel, and could only find fault with a couple of minor details - I would recommend staying here and would definetly return if I ever go to New York again.	
Dec 27 2006 	Surprisingly Nice	My husband and I decided to take a last minute trip to NYC over the holidays to see friends and family. We found a good deal on this hotel and decided to try it. Overall we were very pleased with our stay at CQ Rockefeller. The room we received on the 19th floor had a good view of the ice skating rink and tree and we could enjoy seeing the hoards of people skating and clamouring for Rockefeller Plaza each day.The hotel is simple and generally nice. We have stayed at many NYC hotels and this one is among the nicer of them. Room was spotless, housekeeping was efficient, free handy water bottles were a nice touch as walking around NYC it's nice to have a bottle of water in hand. The lobby is miniscule but one doesn't come to NYC to hang out in the lobby of the hotel. Bed was comfy aand the flat screen tv was a treat. our room was silent and with the window closed it was completely quiet and relaxing. Our only gripe was really the elevators which are painfully slow. Other than that you could do a lot worse in NYC and the midtown location can't be beat as a jumping off point for sightseing or walking. The subway is a block away and the park and museums are also quite near.I can recommend this hotel -- for luxury you can always go to the Peninsula or Waldorf Astoria to take tea or a drink in the evening and by staying here you will save your money so you can enjoy those things when you visit.	
Nov 2 2006 	We Loved Club Quarters Rockefeller Center!	We just returned from a stay at Club Quarters Rockefeller Center 10/27 - 10/31. The hotel was perfect, from start to finish. My husband and I booked two rooms, as his parents were joining us for an extended weekend in NYC. I contacted the hotel a few days prior to our arrival to request the rooms be close to each other. They assured me they would be, and our wish was granted - the rooms were right next door to each other. We checked in at 6:30 pm, and did not experience any of the trouble discussed in other posts on here. The lobby of the hotel is very small, but that is to be expected in NYC. The check in process was less than 5 minutes and we were on our way upstairs. Each room was very spacious for NY standards, and our room even overlooked the skating rink @ Rockefeller Center. The room was very comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless. I was very impressed with the rooms for the $200/night we paid. The room was clean each day before we returned. One note about housekeeping, in the bathroom, there is only one washcloth unless you ask for an additional one. We had no problem with one, but my inlaws found this weird. To each his own, I guess. One of our favorite aspects of the hotel was the lounge on the 7th floor. Here, you can enjoy high speed internet at the computer terminals or watch TV on the flat screen. Also, we ordered food from the bar to eat while we rested on Sunday and caught our favorite football team! It was very neat. There is also a fireplace in the lounge as well as a terrace. It was too cold to use it to eat, but there were great views for picture taking! Check out was also very smooth, and we even booked a return car to the airport via the front desk. Overall, we were very pleased with the hotel and cannot wait to return. We have stayed at Club Quarters Midtown on 45th street, and it pales in comparison. We would definitely stay at this location.	
Oct 30 2006	Central Location	We've just come back from a trip to New York and found the hotel to be first class for the money. We had 3 rooms (all on different floors) which we all found to be exceptionally clean and functional. The decor is very modern, and perhaps a little dark (hence the descrption that it's male oriented), but neither of the ladies that I travelled with complained.What did stick in my mind is the excellent facilities - flat panel TV, cordless telephone, coffee maker, filtered &amp; chilled water station, individual electronic room thermostat, which made the experience enjoyable. We all found the beds exceptionally comfortable - great for weary English travellers. There was a great gym (which sadly I didn't have time to use).The bar/restaurant area looked nice, but was not licenced for a quick drink whilst waiting for the ladies to dress. This was a little disappointing, although it spared our livers. The bathroom is a little small for 2 people - one trying to shave whilst the other does her hair means that at time we were tripping over one another. However, I am being picky as it wasn't really a problem, and the brightly lit, clean and modern bathroom area more than made up for the short comings.The hotel was excellently positioned. The ladies loved the shopping opportunities in 5th Avenue, we were grateful of the Heartland Brewing Co in the opposite direction.The lifts were a little annoying as 2 had to serve 24 floors, but it was not really a problem unless we forgot something and had to go back to the room. The traffic noise was not an issue, nor indeed the ominous looking air conditioning plant 2 stories below our window. The double glazing works! The reception staff were very professional and helpful - a credit to New York and Club Quarters.In all - we liked this hotel a lot, and would have no hesitation in recommending it or indeed staying there again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Best of the Bunch	Having stayed at the other two NYC Club Quarters, I can say this is by far the best. The location was great and the room we stayed in (with microwave and fridge) was large enough that we didn't have to go outside to change our minds. As with the other Club Quarters, you have to use your room key to access the upper floors which proved to be really annoying when we were there because they were having trouble with the card readers. The small lobby can feel really crowded when there are more than ten people trying to check in or out. Their guest services are as good as many more expensive hotels and the 7th floor lounge/restaurant is a pleasant place to relax after a hectic day running around the city. The vending/ice machines are only on the second floor so you have to use the awkward elevators to get there (unless, of course you're staying on the second floor)	
Oct 8 2006	Worth the money - but check in early	We stayed in the Club Quarters Rockefeller Center the first week of October.First, we checked in late, and just like the other gal who posted here and checked in late...we were booted.Our experience was awesome, however. We were sent to a nearby hotel that was much nicer. In addition, they handed us cash which more than covered taxi fare. They also gave us a certificate for a free room for a future date at any Club Quarters in the USA.The hotel is very utilitarian. Not at all fancy. A little disorganized.The lobby has a single desktop to greet customers. the staff are nice, but the hotel overbooks, and then the front staff has to deal with irate customers. They were extremely nice and brought my ire down very gently - I admired these folks. We checked in at 11:00PM...the LAST thing I wanted to hear was that our pre-booked and pre-paid room was given to someone else! Seems if you check in late this may not be an isolated incident...so think twice if you can't get here early.The rooms are clean and efficicient. Not fancy. But all we wanted was clean and a good area and this hit both benchmarks just fine.The Terrace on the 7'th floor is awesome. Great view. Comfortable TV area with couches and chairs. We used the computers their every day to rest and check emails. My son played video games which he appreciated after we toured the city all day long.The location couldn't be better. Central to everything, extremely safe...even walking around with my son at 12:30am.Overall, things worked out well. However, I am fairly flexible.They were VERY generous to &quot;make things right.&quot; I appreciate that. But even though our replacement hotel was AWESOME...it was still a bummer moving all our stuff to a second location, and back the next day.	
Oct 4 2006 	Perfect location modern masculine room	We came for a long weekend and the location was excellent for midtown Manhattan. It is located literally right across the street from the Rockefeller centre, and at the end of the street to the left is 5th avenue, and to the right is Radio City Music Hall. It seems many of the rooms are corner rooms, because of the design of the building. We had a corner room on the top floor. From our window we could see the flags of Rockefeller centre and St. Patrick's cathedral on 5th. Everyday it was very easy to get around to anywhere, as we were very close to a subway station as well. Central Park was a short walk north, and all the theatres were walking distance as well. There is not much of a lobby to speak of, because its a business hotel, but the staff is efficient, and they have computer stations to check yourself in which is really handy. The room is very clean, and was in dark greys, blue and green. I thought it looked very crisp and modern and pretty masculine, all of which appealed to me. The bathroom was also clean. There was a coffeemaker in the room. Iron and ironing board were available down the hall. It was a great base from which to see the city and I would definitely stay there again if I wanted to be in midtown.	
Oct 3 2006 	perfect for business	This is an ideal place to stay for a single-occupancy businessperson. The location is ideal for midtown, very close to Rockefeller Center. Reservation through AmEx seamless, check-in very fast. Both high-speed wired and wireless Internet worked right away (some hotels make this a huge hassle), and was included in the price. Coffeemaker, delivery service from take-out restaurants in the area, new furnishings including functional desk. Rooms are small, not for couples or entertaining; there is a restaurant/club in the hotel. If you want a reasonably-priced, small but very clean room, fast checkin aimed at the professional traveller, this is for you. If you want to hang out in the lobby or swim in the pool, you would do better in a more traditional hotel.	
Sep 24 2006 	Glad to have the discount!	Fortunately, my company has a contracted agreement with CQ. So when I decided to take advantage of this by booking a night's stay in NYC for my boyfriend's birthday, I was very pleasantly surprised. This hotel is brand new and in a fantastic location across from Rockefeller Center. Yes, it's true...CQ's are very focused on the business traveler and is not a very service-oriented hotel. But our rooms had huge ceilings, very clean and modern decor, a flat-screen tv and a small kitchen area. It was so new, it even smelled new. Beds were SO comfy and I loved the sliding frosted bathroom door! The terrace on the 7th floor is very nice and peaceful- a great joy to eat out on a terrace looking up the street at Radio City or down at St Pat's Cathedral. The only drawbacks is that to access any floor you need a key and if you don't get a &quot;training&quot; on how to use the key right, you could wind up riding the elevators for a bit until someone can help you. The other prob is that if you're not from a big city and aren't used to street noise, it's quite possible you might not sleep well if your room faces 51st St. I suggest askinf for a room off the street if you know that would bother you. For $220 a night I truly enjoyed it and will absolutely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2006 	Big Incompetence in the Big Apple		
Sep 23 2006 	Ideal for Business Traveller	Very pleasantly surprised with the hotel. Needed a room at the last minute and couldn't find anything decent available for less than $400 per night. It's an ideal hotel for a business traveller. The room I stayed in was compact, but well appointed, very clean, comfortable and modern. It had everything I needed - including free wireless Internet access. Great location. It's a very practical establishment so I wouldn't want to stay there for pleasure - not recommended for honeymooners or couples seeking a romantic getaway. Great for one or two nights, but not an extended stay. Will definitely return to this hotel when on business though. Good value for money.	
Sep 6 2006 	Perfect Location		
Aug 17 2006 	There are SO many choices-- stay elsewhere!		
Jul 21 2006 	"Good Location"		
Jun 26 2006	Great Location Little Else		
Jun 20 2006	Incredible location incredible deal		
Jun 8 2006	Great value without sacrificing quality		
Jun 7 2006	Pleasantly surprised		
Jun 2 2006	Excellent Value for money		
Sep 27 2009 	Perfekte Lage kleine Zimmer aber mit Schreibtisch!		
Sep 10 2008 	Muy buen Hotel con magnifica situacion		
Jan 12 2008 	Super Lage Zimmer gut		
Sep 28 2007 	Qualità-prezzo al top		
Sep 3 2007 	Un passo avanti rispetto ad altri CQ		
Jul 18 2006	Discret et superbe		
