Oct 26 2009 	Truly the Best Showers in NYC!	I booked Chambers Hotel due to its proximity to St Regis. My parents were joining my sister &amp; me in NYC a few days after we arrived and we wanted to stay somewhere close so it would be easier for us to change hotels when they got here.We spent 4 nights in a standard queen room at Chambers and I have to say I love this little boutique hotel. We arrived fairly late at night and the check in was swift and efficient. The only problem we had was attempting to spot the almost non-existent hotel name signage from a moving cab but thankfully we recognized the entrance from the photos. The lobby was small but cosy, with a modern fireplace and stairs that led up to the mezzanine. I LOVE the large industrial style elevators and even though we were going to bring the bags up ourselves, the concierge appeared and he brought it up for us a few minutes later.With only 6 rooms to a floor, it was always quiet and I must admit I never saw another guest on our floor. The hallway was dimly lit and had interesting art pieces on the walls. I also loved that the room numbers were on the floor, although it may confuse the first time visitor!Even though we booked the smallest room (and I was expecting it to be extremely tiny from the traveler photos here), I was surprised to find that it was actually quite spacious and very nicely decorated. A longish corridor led from the room door, passing an empty space for your luggage, an ottoman, a closet and the bathroom, to the main room area, which had a hidden mini-fridge, flat-screen tv, console, glass desk, armchair and queen bed. And I absolutely loved the details! The industrial style lighting was awesome, the desk chair unique, there was a solid wood mini side-table next to the armchair and a roll of drawing paper on the desk with colour pencils to scribble with til your heart's content. The room had so many lighting features which made it easy to light the room exactly how you want it, and it was definitely bright enough to do some reading in bed. There is no centralized control system though so you do have to flick the switch on and off manually (though the main lights have a switch by the bed), but I felt the old-school switch plates just added to the cool industrial chic feel of the hotel.Our bathroom didn't come with a tub, but we didn't mind. It was small but still a decent size, with enough space to move around without knocking into anything. The sink was nice and large and if I did have to make a complaint it would be that the sink didn't have a stopper so there was no way to collect water. There is also no lock on the door so that may or may not be a concern depending who you're traveling with. The shower itself was absolutely fantastic though and I wish I could take it home with me! However, there's only a partial shower screen so the water does tend to splash a bit. The water temperature is also fairly hot so you'll want to turn it down as cold as it can get and work your way up from there. Another thing to take note as well is that the hooks and railings are pretty high up. I'm 5'1&quot; and had no problems, but if you're three or more inches shorter, that might be a bit of an issue! Also, the bathroom could use a fan or blower of some sort to help with the ventilation. It gets really steamy in the bathroom when you're showering with hot water, the mirror gets fogged and it gets densely humid! Other than that, I loved the fact that the bathroom floor wasn't cold even though it was almost freezing out.The bed was firm and comfortable, and the room had french windows you could open to let some fresh air in, although the view of the office building behind wasn't something you'd want to gaze at all the time.We ordered room service once and I have to say the food was good! The restaurant was closed for renovation while we were there and we didn't try the free continental breakfast so I have no comments on that. But there are lots of food options all around so you really won't go hungry.Service was also very good. There was only one staff who seemed a little less friendly, but she was still nice and courteous, it's just that everyone else was super nice and cheerful all the time! Housekeeping was also very good, although they stopped giving us our free bottled water and chocolates on the last couple of nights because we hadn't consumed them! I'm sure they would have topped it up if we had though. Also, they didn't refill the used up toiletries (perhaps we didn't stay long enough for the cycle), but they did have lovely fresh towels everyday. There was also a slight billing issue when we noticed a $20 room service charge that wasn't ours, but they rectified the situation and removed it from the bill once we informed them.Location wise, this hotel is fantastic. Just a minute from all the shops and sights of Fifth Avenue, and even Times Square is only a 15 minute walk away. The subway is a couple of streets away too and it was generally very easy to get around. The street is a little dark at night though, but it's very safe, although garbage collection happens out front every late night (it doesn't stink though) around 11ish or so.Overall, i really enjoyed staying at Chambers and actually miss the hotel. I wish we could have stayed right through instead of having to shift to St Regis halfway through our trip! Hopefully, I'll be back!	
Oct 23 2009 	Studios not worth the money	Im sure the cheaper , smaller rooms are worth staying in for $200-300, the location is excellent, the lobby very inviting, but $600 plus tax for a studio king is really not worth the money. 400sq ft of trying to be trendy space,more felt like it had been kitted out by Ikea, very drab and uncosy, for the same money you can stay in The Mark or The London or even The Greenwhich down in Tribeca.The cheap rooms yes, stay there, for real money go elsewhere.	
Aug 17 2009 	A great value hotel in a central location	If you want to spend time in this part of town this hotel is great. We stayed in one of the cheaper rooms, which came in at $225. I could not fault it. Clean, well designed, and a quite fantastic shower! The staff were helpful, and I would have no hesitation to go back.The only slight downer is that the restaurant is closed (for now) and so food (breakfast) is served on the mezzanine, or in your room. They do offer you to eat in a nearby eatery, but that didn't look too appealing.	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Comfortable!!	A great staff, comfortable room, and oh that shower!! The room was extremely quiet, both from street noise and other guests. A nice touch was breakfast included, a NY Sunday Times and bottled water.	
May 12 2009 	great location great staff!!	My daughter &amp; I stayed there in our search for her prom dress. The staff was extremely helpful in recommending stores and areas that we would like to explore. Rooms are small but nice.	
Feb 26 2009 	Location Great The Shower was immense	Chambers is a stylish modern boutique hotel, I will list the Pros and cons below:Pros: The shower was fantastic, like standing under a waterfall, The bed was really nice and soft, the reception staff were fanstastic. BA had lost our bags and the staff were really really helpful in helping us out. A guy called Angel was also very helpful in giving us reccomendations on where to stay. Also the location is perfect.Cons: The bar is a little pretentious, we found some of the regulars to be a bit snobby. The view isn't great either.Other than that is a wicked hotel, thanks again for fellow trip advisors for helping me choose it.	
Dec 17 2008	A lot to like	There is a lot to like about Chambers. First is the location, literally just off 5th so perfect for shopping. The second is the staff, we had booked the most basic room we could find, ( The dollar was way too strong against the Euro ) but the room was lovely, minamilst but very comfortable and the staff were great, they were happy to get cabs and cars and to book places to eat and made us feel very welcome. We had some great meals, try the 6th Ave cafe for breakfast or a sandwich or Shellys Italian for some really good pasta. There is an up town Magnolia bakery for a sugar high nearby and ..ladies Lily's nails down the street is the home of the $8 maincure!	
Jul 27 2008 	Great hotel!	I was in New York for two days with my husband and we picked the best hotel here.Staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby is unforgettable..even you not going to stay there you have to visit the lobby and mezzanine...go at about 7pm, order yourself a drink, find a cozy corner and enjoy.Rooms are cozy and very clean.Nice amenities;very comfortable beds and soft sheets.The bathroom is small with concrete floors.Shampoo and conditioner is Bumble and Bumble and the soap is full bar unwrapped sea soap that i was told is specially made for the hotel.I will definitely recommend this hotel to all my friend and family and would love to stay here again if i come back to NY.	
Jun 11 2008 	God hotel	Good hotel in great location. Rooms are a bit tired and on the smallish side. No in-house gym. Great staff.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great hotel great 'hood	I have stayed at the Chambers about 8 nights per year for the past 3 years. It is my preferred hotel for business I conduct in midtown.It is a small, high class boutique hotel with elegrant style and service. The rooms are nice sized with contemporary decor. Staff servce is very good and particularly excellent for regulars. The neighborhood setting is wonderful as it sits on (relatively) quiet 56th and has a world of food, shopping, and entertainment options within blocks.The restauant Town is very good. The bar is nice but small and pricey. I would recommend the Chambers for those who seek a relaxed but sophisticated hotel.	
Nov 27 2007 	Excellent service and style	I had some &quot;reservations&quot; about this hotel given some of the prior reviews comments about the service. When I am spending $1,200 for a weekend away, I expect the hotel and service to be exceptional.Chambers did not disappoint.From the bellman to the bartender, everyone at Chambers provided top notch customer service. They were friendly and helpful without being intrusive.The hotel itself has a great location and is very stylish and well appointed. We went to Town for dinner and it was good but seemed a bit pricey but the convenience factor couldn't be beat. The hotel set us up with the TownHouse spa next door for some great massage's and herbal steam soaks. Very relaxing and recommended.I would stay at this hotel again without question. Granted, it's not cheap but you get what you pay for in this case.	
Aug 14 2007 	Between a three and a four	I'll rate this hotel between a three and a four. The entire hotel is ready for fresh carpeting, some paint here and there. Feels very 90's. The hotel was quite clean, just a little worn. Rooms are small but typical for this kind of hotel -- very hip, nice goodies in the mini-bar including condoms, great - make that fabulous showers and a decent bed. The staff was casual and hip but very helpful, accommodating and made our trip easy by dealing with our car, making reservations, dealing with the dog, etc.....For a pet friendly hotel,I'd definitely stay here over the SoHo Grande. Cannot beat the location -- and our room was quiet on the back of the hotel. Make sure you read the little black book - has great info about everythingin the neighborhood from Garren to subway stops. This was our first stay. We walked to dinner at The Modern and could park our car out front with no problem while we got organized.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great location	On my last visit to NYC, my boyfriend picked the Chambers Hotel because of its location. I have had drinks in the bar area a few years ago , but I never stayed at the hotel. The front desk people where amazing and helpful. It was a pleasant arrival. The room was a bit small , but cute. It had a sketch pad on a desk in the sitting area. The bed was comfortable and the pillows where down. The room was very clean. The bathroom was small, but what I didn't like, was that it wasn't really that private. There wasn't a bathroom door ,just sliding cabinets that separate the bedroom from the bathroom. The lighting was awful , So it was hard to get ready to go out. It was located close to shopping and the appointment that my boyfriend had. It worked out ok for the two nights we stayed there but we both agreed we would not be staying there again. The hotel did not have a gym. You would have to go out and walk to the closest gym. The restaurant at the hotel was really nice. I did enjoy that. But I have stayed at a lot of better hotels so I'm a little spoiled . I like a makeup area, which this one did not have.	
May 29 2007 	Best experience in NY so far	I'm not going to write a long review on this hotel. All I will say is that the design is awesome, the location is awesome, the staff is awesome.... I think you need to experience it!!	
May 12 2007 	TOTALLY OVERATED	The worst hotel i have experienced in New York. This is not a high class hotel. Room's were shoddy - poor furniture, poor service (both front desk and room service). 30 mins for a coffee!Shower flooded the bathroom and dressing area every time - nothing was done to recetify in the 4 days we were there. Toilet was blocked on check in. Horrible noisy street. Sadly there is nothing good I can say about it - needless to say will NEVER stay there again so many better (and cheaper) hotels in NYC .. VERY DISAPPOINTING.	
Apr 13 2007 	FANTASTIC hotel/people/location/food!	LOVED LOVED LOVED this hotel. Chic, hip, MOD. Great location. Rooms had an &quot;industrial&quot; feel. Had Bumble &amp; Bumble shampoo and conditioner :) Staff was amazing. Restaurant was THE BEST! Girls wore Norma Kamali--soooo cute. Boutique next door. I stayed in a regular suite--FANTASTIC, and also a 2 story suite that was WOW. I would stay here every time I am in NYC!	
Mar 22 2007 	Chic Chambers central luxury	I booked Chamber very last minute as I tacked one shopping day in New York onto a business trip and I was not disappointed. Beautifully chic, blissful showers and one very good night's sleep set me up for a morning of 5th Avenue shopping - the hotel is perfect located for those wanting the department stores and designer flagships. Well positioned for the theatre district and Central Park too. Lovely, friendly staff and great finishing touches in the room - Dean &amp; Deluca chocolate covered nuts and coloured pencils! My only regrets were that I only got to stay one night and that I didn't get to dine in the restaurant - the menu looked fab. I will definitely go back.	
Jan 23 2007 	The Chambers was excellent	I must admit that I arrived at the Chambers with some trepidation after reading some of the reviews regarding the service here. These fears were completely allayed though the moment my girlfriend and I arrived by taxi from JFK and were greeted by a warm and welcoming bellhop and an attentive and informative reception who checked us in.Throughout our three night stay the service was excellent and all staff members were helpful to a fault.The King Studio room was amazing with a wonderful shower and soaking tub. The location as well speaks for itself with all the sights and attractions of Fifth Avenue and Central Park on your doorstep.The only slight hiccup occurred when there was some crossed wires relating to whether breakfast was included in the tariff. This was resolved though in a professional and polite manner.There's no business centre so you can't check emails, send faxes etc unless you have your own laptop. However the hotel lend out laptops and there is a high speed connection in the room. Reception also checked us in online for our onward flight so we didn't really miss having internet access.All in all a wonderful stay at the Chambers. Yes it’s expensive but – and rarely for New York - you got what you paid for.	
Jan 3 2007 	Service is the Chambers Hotel's Best Point	My husband and I truly enjoyed our short stay at the Chambers Hotel on December 29, 2006. We were delighted by its location and the helpfulness of its young staff. We have never stayed in a boutique style hotel in NY. (We have stayed at the Palace, Waldorf, Benjamen, and the Omni.) We love to try new hotels when traveling to the city since there are so many great options available. We got a rate of $295 on quikbook.com. We were so happy when we arrived and saw the location of the hotel. It is in a superb place for shopping and dining. The bellman was great as was the front desk staff. We were checked in quickly and efficently. Our room was the only slight disappointment we faced. It was small, even by NY standards. The bathroom had a fabulous seemless glass shower with a rain shower head and Bumble &amp; Bumble products. The vessel sink was lovely too. The main problem is the lack of counterspace. I had to place my hairbrush and toiletries on the floor. Also, since the door leading out of the bathroom is glass, when your traveling companion gets up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and turns on the light the whole room is then brightly lit as well. (Not fun at 3am!) The room itself contained 1 queen bed, a desk &amp; chair, a small sitting chair and footstool, tv, and minibar. My husband kept saying that he felt like he was staying in a dorm room with its sheets of wood ceiling. The bed was comfortable though. The staff did make up for the room's shortcomings. The front desk directed us to great restaurants, gave good directions to stores, and held our bags for us since we had an early evening flight out. i just don't get the complaints about the service. I've found that if I just treat people with respect and friendly, I'm treated the same way in return. (Probably part of my southern heritage.)	
Dec 30 2006 	Good - But Could and Should Be Much Better	My husband and I traveled to New York City after the Christmas holidays as we were visiting family in the area and have always loved New York during the Christmas season. We decided to book our stay at the Chambers Hotel based on its location and reviews. The location is utterly fantastic - you can literally walk out the front door and experience some of the best that New York has to offer. The Chambers Hotel is a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and the public areas look like a set design from &quot;Sex in the City&quot;, even if the lobby is a bit on the small side. From the look of the Chambers, it should be a hot spot every night, but as we soon discovered, (and you will too if you continue reading) there are reasons why this is not the case. In any event, the room we received on the 11th floor was the typical size for New York, but with some surprising design twists, including a rain forest type shower, which was delightful. The big no, no's were the service, unfortunately. The highlight of our &quot;service experience&quot; was the greeting from our Bellman Joseph, who seemed to have his act together moreso than any of the other hotel employees we encountered during our stay. Joseph sincerely tried, and succeeded, in making us feel welcome, but he was the exception and not the rule. The front desk arranged for a dinner reservation for us at a local Italian restaurant within walking distance of the hotel, but what they neglected to tell us was that there were two Italian restaurants with the exact same street address. Yes, of course we went to the wrong restaurant who (of course) acted like they had our reservation the whole time. The dinner was less than memorable. When we returned to the hotel, we told the front desk about our experience. Then, after a less than welcoming greeting and cocktail in the lounge (the bar and lounge were another service fiasco), we were eventually told by the front desk staff that it was our mistake by going to the &quot;wrong&quot; restaurant. The front desk staff handled it badly and couldn't have cared less if my husband was embarrassed. To channel &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; -&quot; big mistake, huge&quot;, lol. Instead of trying to ammend the situation by oh, I don't know, even offering us a round of drinks on the house, the front desk staff laughed. That's right - laughed. Downright snickered. I used to be in the hotel business many years ago as a concierge and travel quite exstensively to this day, and believe me, there is too much competition in the hotel business for this type of &quot;service&quot;, let alone at a boutique hotel which supposedly prides itself on it's personable attention to detail. As far as the Chambers Hotel is concerned, until they make changes in their staff and their training, as they say in New York -&quot;fa'get about it&quot;!!	
Dec 5 2006 	Location is amazing - service was painful!	My best friend and I recently stayed at the Chambers for four nights, five days. The location of this property is AMAZING. We stayed in room 63 which had a huge huge terrace. Room was normal NY size- very modern and minimalist room. The money is spent in the lobby, bar, restaurant, etc. Amenities at this hotel are really nice- bumble and bumble hair products, chocolates by your bed, unlimited Fiji Water whenever you wanted it, great mini bar and the most incredible shower I have ever been in.I should preface by saying normally we stay at Four Seasons and we booked this trip relatively last minute. However, the Four Seasons was $900 a night and this was $500 a night ( high season).The front desk / concierge service is sooo bad here. The communication is horrible and I dont think they have had any formal training. In addition, I kept calling my friend the concierge at the Four Seasons to make all of our dinner reservations, because the concierge at the Chambers could not get us in anywhere. In addition to that , the booking of this property, checking in, receiving packages, messages was sloppy. I will say the housekeeping staff was excellent and the food was very good- although room service waitstaff showed up to our room with two burgers and two drinks and then brought one place setting and asked &quot; Oh its two people?&quot;Overall, an ok experience.	
Nov 28 2006 	Love this hotel	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. While this hotel is quite expensive, it was well worth the splurge. It was complete luxury the entire time. The staff is fantastic, the location is perfect, and the shower is AMAZING. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 31 2006 	Very Much overpriced	We stayed in the Chambers Hotel 4 nights in October 2006. The day we arrived (unfortunately quite late), it was very cold in New York (5 degree C) and so was the room. Apparently, the heating was not working and only after several phone calls we were allowed to change the room (although all previous calls had been answered with &quot;we are fully booked&quot;). On top of that, the day was my birthday and my fiancée had prebooked a surprise to be in the room on arrival. Despite the fact that she even had the name of the person she spoke to, the &quot;surprise&quot; never arrived. The rooms of Hotel Chambers are very small and ours was particularly noisy and dark, but the location is great, just off 5th Avenue. However, the staff seems to be fairly disinterested in their guests (every time we arrived by taxi, the same doorman asked if we were checking in!). I find the hotel definitely overpriced. Next time I am in NYC, I will choose a known hotel brand.	
Jul 31 2006	Chic modern and fun!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend trip to NYC and loved it. We had booked a reservation at the SoHo Grand but their power went out and we had to make a last-minute switch and ended up getting a decent rate at the front-desk last minute. The room was large and sunny (for NYC) with minimalist decor, high thread count sheets, generously sized Bumble &amp; Bumble bath products in the shower and a really fun restaurant in the lobby. I don't believe any of the rooms in this hotel have great views since it's a low-rise building across the street from other low-rise buildings. Service was fine. What was distinctive about this hotel was its refreshing, light modern decor (if you're a traditionalist this might not be for you, but if you're up for something new and hip you'll probably enjoy the Chambers.) I would definitely go back, provided we could get a decent rate again (usually prices are sky-high!)	
Apr 1 2006	Trendy hotel with great service	After having stayed at several New York hotels, we were not suprised that our room at the Chambers was somewhat cramped, but we didn't feel that it detracted from the experience. They made the most of the space, and they did it with style. The bathroom has an ultra-modern feel, and the shower had great water pressure. The complimentary bath products included bumble &amp; bumble hair products as well as a fabulous bar soap that I can't seem to find anywhere! The bed was comfortable and although we had an unsightly view, the windows opened up nicely to let in some air. The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of Park Avenue and Central Park. Service was accommodating and the restaurant within the hotel was divine. We would definitely come back!	
Mar 5 2006	Very Boutique Indeed	We stayed at the Chambers Hotel for 1 night during February 2006. The Chambers is very modern with great service, however this comes at a price. The rooms were much smaller than we expected. When you're paying US$420/night you expect something a bit more spacious and luxurious. Overall, a very stylish and trendy hotel but too expensive.	
Feb 27 2006 	A truly stylish place	I was very impressed by the Chambers Hotel. The whole place is very stylish with a lot of thoughtful details to discover. Thus, I highly recommend the Chambers. It definitely makes a stay in New York extra-special.	
Jan 20 2006 	The BEST hotel in New York!!	I stayed only one night at this fabulous hotel. My stay was amazing. When my husband and I arrived it was raining outside, and the doorman quickly rushed to help us with our baggage and gave us a nice umbrella to use for our stay.Our room was soooo unique. If you like hip modern decor you will simply love this hotel. The room comes with a dvd player, and after a long day of touring the city you can go up to front desk and pick from their library of dvds to watch for free!!Then there is the bathroom. Once you jump in the shower you may never ever come out. The showerhead is a high powered wide head, that literally pours water on you. Like standing under a waterfall. They also have wonderful salon quality bumble and bumble soap, shampoo and conditioner.Our one night stay cost was $245. I think the cost was well worth it!!!	
Jan 14 2006	OK but not what we expected for the price	No complaints about the room and the location is very good but on the whole we found the majority of the staff to be disinterested and relatively unfriendly. I don't personally like or expect to be waited on hand and foot but a smile and a friendly greeting doesn't ever go astray especially when you are staying in a hotel for nearly 2 weeks and spending a considerable amount of money to do so. With the exception of 2 particular members of staff who were genuinely welcoming I found the rest (and there were a lot of others - different people nearly every day with a couple of exceptions) to be disinterested and some almost giving the impression of being a bother to them.This was our first time in New York and perhaps that's just the way it is - I can't draw a comparison to other hotels there but we would have enjoyed our time there a lot more if we had been made feel a little more welcome. We had several other stops after New York on this trip, in Europe, the UK and Japan and everywhere we stayed the staff almost went out of their way to be welcoming.Worth staying there if you want a nice comfortable room and a very convenient location. A smile goes a long way.	
Nov 29 2005	Website more impressive than the hotel	The location of the Chambers Hotel and the awesome shower were the best part of our stay here Thanksgiving weekend. You know a hotel is a little pretentious when you accidentally pass the entrance. It's smaller than it looks online. The room itself reminded me of a very cool college dorm room. The desk was a glass top over wooden sawhorses. The cool part was that it had a paper roll at one end you could pull over the desk and drawing pencils in a cup on top. I didn't feel the hotel itself had been maintained very well. The wood floors were scratched and not kept up. Each floor was supposed to have been done by a different artist. The &quot;art&quot; underwhelmed me. The carpet in our room was threadbare and the cement floor in the bathroom was cracked with little black flecks of mold at the bottom of the shower tile. The bath products were very nice: Bumble and Bumble and a special soap which I loved. It's not available commercially - they get it from a local company. The huge shower head has water pressure reminiscent of standing in a waterfall on a tropical island. I took two showers every day! The staff was helpful and attentive - no complaints in that department. On the whole, I'd rather be pleasantly surprised that a place looks better than the website, rather than the other way around.	
Nov 22 2005	Better than I thought	Great location and easy to get to everything you would wish to visit in New York. Had a Junior Suite with two beds so rooms was quite large. The shower as everyone mentions is fantastic as are the Bumble &amp; Bumble products. One disappointment was there was no Japanese tub as described on the website. Great Deli's and Restuarants in the same street. Would stay there again as it is so different. A bit overpriced though in my opinion.	
Oct 11 2005 	Outragous!	The hotel would not honor a reservation that was confirmed both by phone and in writing (email). I will not do business with them again.	
Sep 26 2005	Fantastic location excellent service very impressed	My wife and I were very impressed with the Chambers Hotel. We found the hotel to be very quaint and subdued in a rather busy location (not an easy task). The location (2 blocks from Central Park) just off of Fifth Avenue is second to none. The hotel is modern, yet warm and inviting with every amenity one could ask for except maybe a pool. We were upgraded to a deluxe corner room at no extra charge and found the furnishings to be very comfortable. We stayed for 7 nights and the service was exceptional (having only 77 rooms enabled the staff to recognize us). The front desk staff had excellent suggestions for dining and were able to secure reservations for us in places that required well in advance booking. I would recommend the Chambers Hotel without hesitation.	
Aug 2 2005	Quite a place	The Chambers is a very, very nice hotel. Stylish yet comfortable (and quiet), great location ,and reasonable price led to a great experience. I booked this through the Avant Guide website and got 3 nights for $235/nt. The room was tres chic and the shower was by far my favorite shower ever. The amount of water coming from the shower head would have emptied my hot water heater at home in under 2 minutes! I took 2 showers/day just for the experience.The location is great (right off of 5th Ave and Central Park) and the fact that Town restaurant is attached only adds to the Chambers experience. I'm not sure I'd suggest people with kids stay here, but for a fabulous weekend for a couple or single, this is the place.	
Jun 29 2005	The Excellent Chambers!	We checked the reviews on a whole bunch of hotels after a nightmare stay at the &quot;Hamster Cage&quot; Hudson where our knees touched the walls when on the loo, and it was worth the effort. The Chambers was excellent, we paid a bit extra for a junior suite overlooking 56 St and it was a great size which we know is unusual for New York, with a king bed, sofa, desk area and a fab shower and separate super deep tub which made me forget that I was 7 months pregnant for 45 minutes. The room decor is lovely and modern - it feels really individual with such attention to detail on things like cushions and bedding and the art on the walls. You don't feel like you're away on business in one of those soulless big hotels which are all chintzy and samey, with yucky flowery bedspreads. We had lunch at the hotel one day which was excellent and the breakfast in bed and room service were on time and delicious. The best thing though, were the incredibly friendly and helpful staff who were very down to earth and chatty, without exception. We would highly recommend the Chambers and will definitely be returning for another stay.	
May 31 2005	Great location but expected more	I had spent a lot of time researching hotels for a Memorial Day trip to the city for my husband and 2 friends. They wanted something in midtown, with a good vibe - elegant cool- For the money and based on the reputation, i expected more.The carpets were frayed, housekeeping didn't show up for one day of our stay...and then barged in our room at 5pm while we were napping for turn down service the other. I called the concierge twice in the weeks before our trip asking for assistance with reservations, but there was no record when we arrived and they weren't really able to help us at that late date. And we returned from a dinner to grab a drink in the hotel bar, which seemed like it could be a cool spot to hang out, only to find that they closed at 1030pm. The room is small and austere, the bed is average at best, but the bathroom was fun, with a great shower and really nice Bumble &amp; Bumble products.Although more corporate and not in as good of a location, we would probably stay at W Times Square or Union Square next time- or even down the street at the new Dream Hotel, although they also have small rooms.	
May 19 2005 	Groovy spot.	It's in a wonderful location for mid town access. The rooms are not spacious, but very cool. Don't look for a lot of closet space, just think of your room as an extended closet. The staff is terrific and the bar hip, the food, very good. My wife and I have stayed here a few times, that alone tells you something about the place, there are hundrends of places to stay in Manhattan and this is one of the more interesting.	
Apr 19 2005 	Hip Hotel - Excellent location	I stayed here for a week with work and thought the hotel was excellent. The rooms are small in comparison to European standard. I had a deluxe room though which was fine for just one person.The staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. The bar was buzzing and always seemed to be full to the rim...although I never made a stop there as there were so many other wonderful places to party. The bar seemed like a hip place to hang out.The shower was fantastic. Yes the Bamble and Bamble products are lovely. The bathroom didn't have shower gel, tooth brush etc that you would find in other hotels. A nice touch in the evening was the Lindt chocolates.... great if you have munchies after a mad night out.All in all a great place. Clean, stylish rooms, good lighting, cool bar and restaurant and very helpful staff. It is a small hotel too so there is no chance they'll forget you are staying there.I would stay here again - definetly recommended.	
Feb 19 2005 	Nice boutique hotel	Great hotel if you like something outside the box of typical chain hotels. We loved the industrial, organic decor, although the lighting in the rooms was a bit insufficient. Great shower, though, including the bumble and bumble products. The hotel has a wonderful doorway and lobby, and Town restaurant is a great place to meet business associates for a drink or dinner. All in all, we were very pleased and would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2004 	Pricey chic in a great location	The main thing I will take away from this hotel is that it had the largest shower head in the world! Made for great showers but flooded the bathroom. I arrived and 2 men in puffa jackets removed my luggage from the taxi, thought I was being robbed.It is very modern and the deco is great, we wondered though if it was minimalist chic on purpose or if they had really just not bothered to do anything more than whitewash the rooms. Very, very cool NY style. Fantastic, really fantastic location off 5th Av, across the road from Tiffany's and 2 steps from Central Park. Luxurious and comfortable aswell as modern and chic. Just VERY expensive. I was on a work trip and then stayed for the weekend but I would not pay for this myself probably even if I could have afforded it as I reckon for $800 a night for a smallish room its overpriced and there are even more luxurious places to stay for that money. Go if you're not paying and you won't be at all disappointed. For the location alone its worth it.	
Oct 13 2004 	Midtown hip luxury	Loved having windows that opened wide to the street below instead of being encased in a hermetically sealed cookie cutter hotel room, experienced legendary service, an attendant to sew on a button in a pinch, an on-call yoga instructor if needed, complimentary room service for breakfast…… located in the heart of New York’s Fifth Avenue shopping mecca. Soho in feel. Extraordinary describes this stylish hotel that could double as a fine art museum. Loved our stay and will return again.	
Sep 30 2004	over priced		
Aug 29 2004	Terrific Midtown Choice		
Aug 18 2004	Discrete stylish and memorable		
Jul 7 2004	Excellent Staff		
Jul 2 2004	The worst		
Mar 15 2004	Hip Location		
Jan 15 2004	Very cool hip design		
Dec 9 2003	Sloppy food sloppy service - is this New York 'Style' ?		
Aug 13 2003	Great Hotel		
May 21 2003	An expensive disappointment		
Jul 19 2009 	Agréable Surprise		
Nov 2 2008 	Design		
Aug 20 2007	Triste endroit...		
