Nov 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	Great hotel. Really new and clean. Great location for all tourist sights in NYC. Free breakfast was a great bonus. Fitness room looked really nice (although didn't use it). Loads of TV channels. Really comfy bed. Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Location location location	Our room was a king &quot;suite&quot;, the smallest room type at this property. We were at the back of the hotel, a real plus for us, since this hotel is on a busy cross town street, with lots of traffic noise. Because this is a Hilton Grand Vacation Club, it had a coffee maker and a mini refrigerator, (but no microwave). This property only opened in July, everything is brand spanking new, as a result. There is an owner's lounge here for breakfast and snacks, but no in house restaurant or room service. There is a concierge, and we found her quite helpful. The lobby area is attractive, with lots of hotel personnel, but pretty small. The location could not be more central for Manhattan. Both buses and multiple subway lines are right outside the hotel. We walked to a couple of nearby museums, the Museum of Art &amp; Design, and the Museum of American Folk Art. Columbus Circle and Lincoln Center were only a few minutes walk away, as was Central Park.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location and wonderful amenities!	Loved the location - right in the center of it all! Of course if you're only looking to do Broadway, there are closer hotels, but this one was perfect to check out Central Park, visit Times Square, catch &quot;Late Night with David Letterman&quot;, etc. The room I stayed in was a bit cramped, albeit typical for a NYC high rise hotel - I know a few of my colleagues got upgraded rooms that were a bit bigger. In room stuff (TV, desk, bathroom amenities) were dated, but I understand that the hotel is undergoing a huge renovation project to upgrade everything. Highly recommend this hotel for the location alone!	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent location wonderful staff wonderful room!	If you have an opportunity to stay at the West 57th Street by Hilton Club, you should! This is not a typical hotel as it is part of the HIlton Vacation Ownership portfolio. So if you are staying in it as a &quot;hotel&quot;, then you are considered a &quot;renter&quot;. If you find a rate that you can live with at this property (remember it's NYC), book it!I have only great things to say about this property. The location is wonderful (next to Carnegie Hall, just 1 block from Central Park, ideal shopping just blocks away, nearby restaurants, etc.)! The staff was extremely professional and accommodating - a very pleasant team to work with. They do have an lounge for owners where they have continental breakfast (upgraded continental) and evening hors d'oeuvres, but if they allow you access to it, be sure to use it as it is worth it!The rooms are fantastic and I think quite roomy for NYC standards. I stayed in a studio unit and loved it. They offered both an empty fridge and a mini-bar. They have included many technological enhancements to the rooms so they can be a bit overwhelming with all of the instruction cards they provide. But a quick tutorial by one of their staff (who admits he does these tutorials several times each week), will have you maneuvering through it all quickly.Overall a great experiece! I would definitely stay there again if I get the chance!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location still working out the kinks	We purchased a timeshare at this hotel more than a year before it was completed, and had been looking forward to staying here for months. We decided on a studio unit for our first stay--didn't want to get spoiled by having to later &quot;trade down&quot; from a larger unit. The studio was beautiful, large (for a NYC hotel room!), with ample amenities. What we didn't like was the bathroom design--the glass shower stall is completely open to the bedroom, and although there's a sliding opaque door that mostly covers it, there's still a 6-inch clear glass gap even when it's fully closed, so someone in the shower can see into the bedroom--and vice versa! This wasn't a problem for us, but I don't think I'd be as comfortable staying in this unit with anyone other than my husband....Overall, service was good, and we loved the continental breakfast (more upscale than most) and happy hour snacks &amp; drinks in the owners' lounge. But the lounge got quite crowded at peak hours (particularly between 8:30 and 9:30 am); it really needs to be larger. We didn't use the fitness room, but it was quite impressive, and I'll definitely try it on my next stay. We called about several problems (no hot water one morning and a light bulb making an annoying humming noise in our bathroom) which weren't addressed before we checked out. I was disappointed that the spa wasn't open yet--am also looking forward to trying that on our next trip...	
Sep 23 2009	try this again	My family has returned from a five day stay at the new HGVC West 57th street in New York. I wanted to give you a few of our observations and suggestions.A. People B. Building C. Location D. SuggestionsA. Certainly having good people on site is very important. Our experience was very good. The staff was willing to help in every area where we had a challenge. As DCBob previously reviewed, the Television system is complicated and challenging. The Hilton staff came to our room several times to get the set up explained to us. This includes day and night request. The doorman was quick to recruit us a taxi and to give walking directions. When the computer was removed from the Owners Lounge (now relocated to the welcome area) the desk was willing to let me use the machines downstairs to check emails. B. The building is very much our taste, modern and contemporary. The artist drawings are VERY much what it actually looks like. There are just two guest elevators and they stay busy and move slow. Even thought the lifts are small, my compliments on having floor buttons on each side of the door. The exercise room has a glass window over the street on the 2nd floor. My wife used a treadmill each morning; this area is a 10. It is a super view. Journey to the 25 floor to enjoy the outside terrace (see photos). My family sat up there an hour one night, with a cold beverage, to enjoy the night lights! It is an even better view than the exercise room. Please note that not all the guest rooms face the north (57th). On our floor only 803,804, 805, 806 and 807 had the premium view. Hey, I did not travel to the city to look out the window so our poor view was not a problem for me. A photo of our view is attached. A guest ice machine would be great even if on a few floors. I do not mind calling guest services for ice or even giving a tip, it’s the waiting that is a thorn. The large bathtub has no horizontal place to set your soap, shampoo, or wine. Perhaps a wire type basket could be attached. Our room refrigerator did not get very cold, only cool. We did call and have maintenance check it but it was below standard. C. Super location. One subway entrance is 30 yards and another is at the other end of the block giving us access to several lines. Please note that there is a large pharmacy next door with everything from Q-tips to beer so doesn’t worry about forgetting anything. We walked to Top of the Rock, a Broadway play, Central Park and Time Square with ease. Local restaurants will keep you happy Rue 57 has sidewalk seating which is fun. We walked to Le Cirque and to Ruth Chris, both very good and expensive. My favorite meal was at the Brooklyn Diner just a block west on 57th. The burger was $17 but very satisfying. The club had umbrellas for guest use no need to bring one. This is a location HGVC owners will enjoy as a home base for NYC fun. I did overhear a few people complaining about parking but I do not know the details. D. Better television set-up Ice Machines Bath tub basket Accessible computer to check emails Outside sidewalk cover for rainy days It would be helpful to have a mirror in the living are of the 1BDENJOY, we did!	
Sep 18 2009 	Falls short in too many ways	Arrived on Sept. 16, for 2 nights, a studio room. The room was average size for NYC, nicely decorated with hardwood floors, marble shower (no tub) and high end toiletries. Flat screen TV with residential style cable box with a plethora of channels, including HBO, nice owner's lounge that servce an excellent continental breakfast. So far, so good. Here are the drawbacks: VERY slow internet access in the room (both wired and wireless - it took almost an hour to download a video that at home would have taken 3 minutes - I am a Honors Diamond member, so I have some perspective on the internet standards at other Hilton sites, and this one is just not up to par); no turndown service, even upon request (even the Doubletree Times Sq. has turndown upon request); poor lighting in the bathroom; during breakfast, there is very loud new age music playing (so loud that I could not have a conversation on my cell phone - I mentioned it to a manager, who fixed it, but the next morning it was back to high volume); nice to have a ton of TV channels but no channel guide (either on screen or printed), so with so many channels it can be frustratingly slow to find a specific network (for example, MSNBC, CNN and FOX News are not lumped together); it would be nice to have on demand movies available; the front desk is staffed with many newbies who all seem very nice and eager to please, but they (and even their managers) do not have the knowledge or experience that I've seen at other Hilton properties. For example, the front desk clerk at a brand new Hilton Garden Inn in Long Island knew more about the details of the fitness center hours than did the front desk clerk at W57th. When I asked about the availability of turndown service, it was clear that the clerk had no idea what that term means. I really wanted to like this hotel, but for now I will go back to staying at the Hilton Club at TheHilton,	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Service- Extremely Helpful!	I travel to NYC frequently on business. I always stay in a high-end hotel close to the park, and naturally, decided to give West 57th Street a try. I was extremely pleased with the level of service- which rivaled some of my favorites- the Parker Meridien and the Pierre. The Concierge was extremely helpful. I needed car service at 11:00 pm, which they were able to coordinate for me on demand at the last minute. They also arranged for me to see Billy Elliott on Sunday afternoon by getting me 2 tickets at a great price! The rooms are also very clean and spacious- especially for NYC. I am looking forward to my next stay.	
Sep 13 2009 	Not up to HGVC service standards	I just returned from a three night stay in a one bedroom &quot;premium&quot; suite. Although the suite was nice - three rooms - living room, bedroom, bathroom - and it was huge by NYC standards, the service was really not good at all.We have beeen HGVC owners for nine years. We have stayed mostly in Las Vegas and Orlando and our experiences have been perfect. Big, nicely equipped properties with lots of amenities and staffs who knew the property, the surrounding area and the nearby attractions. This staff was almost clueless. There was one guy, Jeff, who was very helpful interms of directions and the very talented Ovie at the door was charming and really good at his job. Beyond them, though, nothing. My perception, based on the website and advertising, was that the room would have a view of Central Park. Not even close. I had a view of the people working in the buildings across the street. I called the desk when I got to the room to see if I could get a better view since I was paying many extra points to be in a one BR PREMUIM room. The woman said, no dice. All the rooms are the same and none of them overlook the park, Not at all the impression you get from the website.My minibar had no price menu so I called the front desk to ask the price of a bottle of wine. The guy said, &quot;The price list is in the minibar.&quot; I said, &quot;No it;s not.&quot; He said, &quot;Well it should be.&quot; (Is that helpful??) I asked him if he could tell me the price of the wine and he said he'd call me back. He never did.I complained about these two things to a manager the morning of my checkout and he said, &quot;Yeah that's why I'm here for two weeks.&quot; But he never asked for specifics or my name or anything. That was not good. I was trying to provide him with some constructive feedback and he blew me off.Now, the room itself was nice. The breakfast buffets and cocktail parties were nice but wicked crowded. It rained the whole time I was there so the pation seating was unusable but I was unable to sit down half of the time I was in the place. That was unpleasant.Great location but bad service. I'd be careful with this place until they figure things out.	
Sep 10 2009 	Wonderful wonderful wonderful	What a great place. Had a studio w/ a king bed which was nicer than any hotel I've stayed at in New York (all 4*s). Everything was new and clean which helped tremendously. Location is 2 blocks from Central Park, same block as Carnegie Hall. The workout room and owners lounge were very attractive. Staff was very friendly and helpful.Would stay again in a heart beat!	
Sep 9 2009 	Hilton Honors Members - STAY AWAY!!!	I've been an honors member for years and the only reason I stayed at this hotel was to take advantage of the triple honors point offer. I'd read the review below about the woman at the front desk messing up his points reward. Well, the people at the front desk said I was all set when I checked out. Now three calls to Hilton Honors later I have to wait 7-10 days for them to process my claim - and god forbid you lost your receipt (I didn't). So either the front desk people screwed up or the Hitlon people screwed up - I tend to think the former since this hasn't happened to me before. I could complain about the rude way I was treated by the Honors people on the phone, but that's another issue. The valet also took 45 minutes to bring up my car for an important business meeting on Long Island. Basically a disaster for Honors members - nice brand new rooms but that's about it.	
Sep 1 2009 	Luxury made to feel like home!	I went to NY for the first time and since I was alone the staff was wonderful to help me do all the little things like teaching me how to hail a taxi to making reservations at places a solo traveler would feel comfortable. All the staff learned my name on the first day and always went out of their way to welcome me. It was nice to always know who you were going to talk to when a question arose. There was a delay at check-in but it was worth the wait! The room was incredible with views of both the Upper East and West Sides and all of Central Park. I had a Suite that was smaller than most 1-Bedroom Suites in the HGVC resorts but it was plenty big for 1 or 2 people. It had a large couch and a uniquely nice Bose system for a hotel room. The bathroom was the most amazing part since you could take a bath and look out floor to ceiling windows of the city. (As long as your discreet of course!) They have room service that is fast and serves huge portions. One order of bacon lasted me for 3 days. But beware of the mini-bar. I opened it and started picking up several items looking at them but did not take any. At the end of my stay I was charged for all of them and they said that the refrigerator has a weight sensor so when you pick up a item it automatically charges your room. The owners lounge was a nice place to grab a cup of coffee in the middle of the day when I needed a break from the city. However, around cocktail hour it becomes too crowded for my comfort. I'm not sure if you are allowed to go in there if your not an owner though. They had someone outside the door checking off who came in so don't be surprised if you get turned down. I never had breakfast in there so I can't comment on that. The internet worked perfectly and had no complaints overall. It was sort of weird staying at a HGVC resort where you did not have to take out your own garbage and do your dishes. They will come in and empty the trash daily for you upon request only, however like all HGVC resorts they only do cleaning once for a 7 night stay. For me that is to be expected but for others who are checking in here as a hotel instead of timeshare then you need to realize you won't get fresh towels and made beds unless you ask for them. But then again perhaps they treat the hotel guests differently. I don't know. Regardless I loved my week there and did not want to come home.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great new hotel near park	Full of modern decor and accents and a bit of a studio apartment instead of hotel room feel, this property is a comfortable and warm home base for New York business or leisure travel.The rooms are large and well appointed with a soft bed, large bathroom, and comfortable desk area.Television comes from a direct cable feed and not On Command/Lodgenet, so it has a great variety of channels.Room is very well lit and large for similarly priced accommodations. Most rooms don't have a park view though.The lobby is a bit small and feels much more like an apartment entry area than a full-service hotel.Overall, a great value for the location and size of the room.	
Aug 26 2009 	mixed feelings	First of all I praise the newly built room with all my heart. The most important things I look for from a hotel in a business trip is utmost clean(preferably new construction) room and bathroom, quietness at night, fast internet access and well-dried high quality sheets. I hate all the NYC hotels in that sense. Even the nicer ones are not so shiny and need renovations (simply because they're old hotels). Of course 3-3.5 star ones with popular names such as Hilton, Sheraton etc. are mostly tired, exhausted, and guests are treated nothing but as tourists.This hotel fits the bill and I'd probably go back for that reason whenever I go to NYC.However, the hotel may be too young. That is, the management is a bit off. Even though I paid the full fare, I was not given the room with view. My room was on the back side of the building looking at another office building. I might have requested another room with view if I was a tourist but for this particular trip, I didn't care, so I stayed in the room. But I still don't get why they put me in the room in the beginning. Another rare incident was that my check-in was delayed so I had to hang out for an hour. I finally got in the room after 4pm, the wireless didn't work in the hotel unlike they are advertised. I asked for a Lan cable it took an hour and half and four phone calls to receive it. I needed to search the web for some location I needed to go before I left the room but I had to be stuck there for an hour and half and was late for something, which was pretty annoying. If you don't carry cables as all the normal people don't, ask for one before going up to the room or at least check if the wireless works (although I remember when I check in, the receptionist swore the wireless would work fine).After this hiccup on the first day, everything went fine. The breakfast was nothing special (it may be a little too light?) but it helped to have one offered by the hotel.The check-out procedure again let me think that they're not so well-trained staffs. It seemed that no one could answer very simple questions right away. I had to pay some kind of tax I wasn't aware of but didn't have energy to ask. I still haven't received the Hilton honor's point after a month. It seems that they probably don't give points but nothing indicated so when I reserved through the Hilton honor's page. I guess I shouldn't expect too much from these guys. This hotel's mgt is less like the one of a hotel but more like one of rental apartments. I'd go back to this hotel keeping that in mind (then there's nothing too much to complain.)	
Aug 14 2009 	Beautiful property service uneven; very good/and not so hot	For a very detailed, accurate review of this property the first review dated July 5 does the hotel justice, with the exception of the last paragraph about the amazing happy hour including fine cuts of meat etc. We checked into two rooms last night, August 13, with high expectations. On the Hilton website the hotel is beautiful and new. The location between Central Park and Midtown is close to the action without the hordes of tourists.I should point out I am a Hilton Gold member and travel extensively for work and play. When we checked in, we inquired about the happy hour that the previous reviewer had disclosed. The young lady who was checking us in replied quite haughtily; &quot; that is for the &quot;owners&quot; of the hotel; not people checking in for a night.&quot; Not a good start.We then gave her our tax exempt forms and went up to our admittedly beautiful rooms.The next morning our bills under the door did not have the taxes removed. A quick stop at the front desk before breakfast from a wonderful young lady quickly took care of that problem.When we checked out, I noticed that my Hilton number was not on the receipt. The same young lady advised that since this is a vacation club property Hilton members do not get points. When I returned home tonight, I checked the Hilton website. The happy hour is not listed on the website, but there is no mention that we do not get our points.I telephoned Hilton customer service and they stated the clerk was wrong and we will be awarded Hilton points in two to five days. We shall see.I do want to point out that except for the young lady with the attitude who checked us in; everyone else went out of their way to be friendly and courteous. There was also plenty of staff on hand to attend to everyone's needs.The fitness room (not mentioned in the previous posts) is adequate with the standard Hilton Precor Fitness equipment and free weights.I would stay at this property again for it's amenities and location if they can work out the service bugs.Cheers.Marius	
Jul 5 2009 	Enjoyed my stay at this beautiful luxury timeshare property	The location of this property is in the heart of midtown Manhattan and it's on the same block as Carnegie Hall. You couldn't find a more convenient location to both Central Park and the Theater District.I checked in the morning of Friday, July 3, which was opening day. The check-in experience was very quick with so many staff members working that day. The staff were all friendly and tried their best to accommodate any reasonable request. I requested and received a Studio Plus room on a high floor (the 20th - the top floor is the 26th). The elevator was fairly quick up to the 20th floor. Key card access is set up in each of the two elevators but is not working yet.When I opened the door, I smelled the odor of new leather from the stuffed chair in the corner. The next thing you notice is the handsome blonde all-wood floor and an awesome all Italian marble shower stall with a glass wall letting in lots of light from the floor-to-ceiling windows it faces. You can also slide an opaque door to cover the glass wall if you want privacy, but you might prefer not to do that to get the most natural light!The boutique toiletries are from Archive and include Green Tea &amp; Willow soap and shampoo, Rosehips &amp; Lavender body lotion, and Grapefruit and Neroli shower gel.There is a 37-inch LG high-def flat screen TV and a Yamaha surround sound projector plus a separate Pioneer DVD player. Full 800+ channel digital cable TV is provided through the Time Warner Cable system. The array of available channels is nearly unlimited. The only downside is mastering the use of three separate remote control devices. There is also free high-speed internet in the room using wired Ethernet access. Wi-fi access should also be available soon.The bed is comfortable albeit a bit firm for my personal taste. There are three designer lamps in the room, a 2-cup coffee maker, a mini-bar, and a separate refrigerator that you can fill with your own items.You will find a beautiful Owners Lounge on the second floor across from the fitness center. I won't comment on the fitness center because I did not use it. The lounge features ample seating both inside and on an adjacent outside terrace. There is no kitchen, so all food is catered by the nearby Redeye Grill. Continental breakfast is served from 6:30 AM - 10:00 AM seven days a week. They have fresh fruit, Greek-style strained yogurt with fruit or honey, bagels, croissants, pastries, cereal, cookies, cheese and crackers, bread, orange and grapefruit juice in addition to milk and various bottled water, juices, and drinks, coffee and tea, etc.Evening cocktail hour runs from 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM seven days a week. In addition to soft drinks, red and white wine, canned and bottled beers, and spirits, there are the usual cheeses and fresh fruit plus several hot tapas served from Redeye Grill, including Kobe beef pigs in a blanket, shrimp dumplings, mini quiches, meatballs in marinara sauce, and spring rolls. The food is delicious and a several cuts above the Hilton Club New York, probably because of the caterer used. The spirits are all top shelf (for example, Ketel One vodka and Tanqueray gin).I truly have enjoyed my experience here and highly recommend it to others.	
Jul 5 2009 	Bien situé		
Aug 8 2009 	Fabuleux...!		
