Oct 8 2009 	A great simple place	We spent a few days at the Solita. The folks at the front desk were all very nice and the rooms were very clean and modern. The rooms were teeny, so if you are looking for closets or space, this is not the right place. It is great to be at the edge of soho and little italy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location pretty room no wireless.	I had to spend a weekend in New York inbetween meetings. I wanted to stay at the Solita because of all the nearby dining, shopping and entertainment possibilities, and it did not disappoint. The rooms are small but nicely decorated, and on the 8th floor, anyway, very quiet. The hipsters at the desk were very friendly. The only disappointment was that there was no wireless in the rooms (I had not cable with me), but I was happy to discover that the cute little New York Public Library branch at Mulberry and Jersey does have free wireless!	
Sep 15 2009 	Perfect hotel for what we needed on this trip.	Stayed at The Solita with my wife and 4 year old daughter. The main purpose of the trip was to go to the San Gennaro festival in Little Italy. The hotel is only a block away from where the festival took place. Aside from location, the room was clean and comfortable---typically NYC small---but worked fine for us. Front desk staff very friendly and helpful. They mentioned that we would be better off with a higher floor, due to nightclub noise, and graciously found a room for us on the 9th floor. Parking at the nearby lot on Centre St. was high---&quot;festival rate&quot; of $45 per day--but I found free street parking the next day a few blocks away to eliminate that expense. All in all, a great bargain if one needs to be close to Little italy or Chinatown.	
Sep 2 2009 	Would stay here again!	Great hotel, staff were friendly and courteous. It was very clean and nicely outfitted although a small space. We had two double beds, which were very comfortable, great pillows! Outstanding location for Chinatown shopping and near the subway.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel on good location	I travel to New York alot and have stayed at various hotels, I usually stay in L.E.S. mainly at the sohotel. Anyway I wanted to try something new and searching around, I found the Solita hotel and booked it for this time. Knowing rooms are tiny and showers usually pretty crappy in NYC, I really really liked this hotel, room ofcourse small, but nice and clean, the shower is actually the best I ever had i NYC. Staff very nice and helpfull. In general Ill say I will definetely be comming back to the hotel next time I hit NYC	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location but do not book queen rooms	Hotel is clean, modern, but queen rooms are too small and hot! You cannot leave the air conditioning on because it is too close to the bed! Book king or double rooms....I saw them while cleaning staff was inside ;-)There is a work in progress area close to one side of the hotel, so if your room is on that side you can hear a little noise when they start working early morning..Btw his location is fantastic: Soho is a very nice area, 2 blocks from Little Italy, and a walk from South Manhattan or uptown ..subway is close too..	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location great value	stayed here 2 nights with my wife and daughter on their first trip to NYC. Great location for walking to stores that were appealing AND affordable for a 16 year old girl. Also walked to some great Chinese and Italian restaurants - all recommendations from the staff.Rooms are really small, but it's New York - what did you expect? The biggest drawback was that the double beds are really only doubles - it's been a long time since my wife &amp; I slept in a double. I forgot how many elbows she had.We stayed on the 4th floor, and didn't notice a lot of street noise. There's no business center and I needed an e-mail printed out. Andrew at the front desk just had me forward the e-mail to him, and he printed it out for me.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very nice!	This is one of my favorite hotels now. very well appointed rooms, close to chinatown and little italy. i stayed for 5 nights and the staff there did everything they could to make my stay pleasant. i'm in the hotel business and they were tremendous! i'm jealous that i don't get to work with them. Best hotel i've seen in a long time, especially considering the location and the price. both awesome!	
Jun 16 2009	Great location small rooms but nice and clean	Great location in NYC, next to Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown and by walking distance of the East Village or Greenwhich Vilage. Loved it, all Manhattan and Brooklyn were easy to access.	
Jun 10 2009 	Perfect location comfortable bed excellent service...	Okay, so the rooms are small but it is NYC so that's to be expected. I've stayed in larger rooms in the city for around the same price but one was filthy and one we shared with a family of mice. Cleanliness is such much more important to me than size and I was very happy with the cleanliness of our room. The hotel staff was excellent. They were friendly and courteous and quick to respond to our needs. We had the misfortune of being on the second floor, right above the disco, but that didn't really bother us any as we never made it back before 3am. The bed was very comfortable and I don't usually sleep well in hotels but slept great. The location was perfect. Took a walk through little Italy and the St. Anthony's was going on which was a nice surprise. There were a lot of great places to shop within walking distance. I was walked to Katz Deli, a place I visit on every trip to NYC. The subway was right around the corner. We were fortunate to be in town when the John Lennon exhibit was going on at they NYC Rock-n-Roll Hall of Fame annex and that too was within walking distance. I was disappointed with the size of the TV. There is definitely space on that wall for a much larger TV. The hair dryer left a lot to be desired. It would overheat constantly. Overall we were very pleased with our stay and will definitely stay there again.	
May 13 2009 	Perfect place to stay in lower Manhattan	The Solita is a small hotel in Soho. My husband and I stayed there twice on an extended trip going to and from NY. The price is very reasonable. The rooms are small (as is everything in Manhattan) but very clean and very nicely designed. If you get a room on the higher floors noise is not a problem. The biggest plus of this hotel is the wonderful staff. All of them were genuinely friendly and helpful. The second night of our stay we had problems with some partying college students that woke us up and the person at the desk gave us a price break for the next time we stayed. This is the hotel we will stay in every time we go to NYC.	
May 3 2009 	Great hotel great location AAA member discount!	I loved this hotel. Since this is NYC, don't expect a huge space. However, if you are a very long legged person or someone who requires 'ample' space to walk around the room, this might not be a suitable hotel for you.The room we stayed in was on the 8th floor, so we didn't hear the disco downstairs. When you book, make sure you book at the higher floors ( I recommend 5th floor or higher ). The room was beautiful, the bathroom was decent. It's safe to flush if you're husband's taking a hot shower. Since they give you a few towels, set one on the floor to avoid slipping accidents when you step out of the tub/shower. As far as floor space to set your luggages in, there's enough room for 1 small trolley luggage and a backpack on the floor. If you have anything bigger, you'll have to close you luggage and set it upright, otherwise, you'll be hopping over them to get to the bathroom. There's a safe in the closet ( it can fit a small 13&quot;macbook ), free internet access and a flat screen tv with some decent channels. You get a copy of NYTimes in the AM.Also I highly recommend a cool little bar around the corner ( Baby Grand ): you'll meet the friendliest New Yorkers here.I would definitely stay here again	
Feb 21 2009 	Not a Clarion Standard	We stayed at the Solita Soho Hotel at the end of January and found the only positive about this hotel is the location. Its situated close to both Chinatown and the Soho retail precinct. The hotel is small with 4 rooms per floor; the room is tiny, so is the reception area. Furthermore we had no room even to put our 2 bags, not to mention the pillows on the bed. There's only one lift, therefore during busy times of the day, we had to use the stairs. The air conditioning in the room is stuffy and extremely noisy, I think its done deliberately to mask the noise from the outside. We could hear the subway noise, the night club on the ground floor and fire trucks, police and ambulances outside all night. The front office staff were generally helpful, except one girl that worked the night shift - she didn't want to be there at all. The internet wasn't working neither. Overall, its not a 4 star hotel, more like a budget 2 star hotel. We wouldn't go back again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Location + Great Hotl= Great time in NYC	Just stayed at the Solita Soho and loved it. The location could not have been better for us right in Little Italy and walking distance to China town, Greenwich Village. The only complaint that I would have is that the rooms were small like other reviews said, it was tight for all four of us to fit but it worked just fine. Are room was on the 11th floor and we could not hear the nightclub that is right next door(which I was worried we would hear). Other then that the place was awesome definitely worth checking out next time your in NYC, and if you do stay here check out Petit Abeille for breakfast on 134 west broadway only a 14 minute walk from the hotel.	
Dec 23 2008	These reviews are great	I never write reviews but feel compelled because I read the reviews on this site and they were so helpful. I had a great experience. My room was one of the more noisier ones, I was told, but I slept fine without a problem. The room was clean and bed was better than most hotel beds (soft pillows), bathroom immaculate, and location....awesome, 2 blocks from Ferraro's - yummy. Rooms a bit small but big enough for me, View not so good but so what. Hope this helps you decide, I totally thought it was worth it. Location: East village on the right, Soho all around, what more can you want.	
Dec 9 2008 	Perfect! :o)	We were taking our daughter to NY for her 16th birthday and wanted to get a feel of living in a big city. Solita Soho was a perfect choice! Short walk (2 blocks) to #6 train taking you straight to Grand Central Station, walking distance to Little Italy(but don't eat there...better Italian food anywhere else!) and Chinatown. After reading some of the negative reviews, I must admit, I was skeptical. Once we arrived I was thrilled! We were on the 10th floor with a great view. We could actually see the tip of the Empire State Bldg. The staff was very pleasant and overly helpful. Room was small, but fine, even for four of us! Who wants to be in the room anyway? To all the women who didn't have a vanity, room to hang of lay out there clothes, Get a Life! Needless to say, my daughter's 16th birthday trip was a huge success which she will always remember and cherish!	
Nov 1 2008 	Friendly 	This was our first visit to New York, and this hotel was recommended by friends.From the minute of arrival to departure we felt well looked after, and most welcomed, which was very nice after exhausting sightseeing in the city.Although 3 in a room, the cleanliness and good housekeeping kept our room fresh the whole week. From the 12th floor we also enjoyed a very good view.The location in Soho is perfect for those who like a more lay back style, which is still very central with very good cafes, restaurants and shops minutes away.The staff were very efficient and welcoming. It would be impossible to write this review without a special mention for Stephanie. Her natural charm, humour, and care, mixed with her efficiency and knowledge of places to enjoy New York made our holiday very special.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Location Great Staff	We stayed here for one night for my wifes birthday. It was a great little Manhattan hotel. The room was small, but very clean. The location was superb for our needs as we were going out for the night. Best of all, the staff were great.	
Aug 24 2008 	Clean and convenient -- a great bargain!	We chose this hotel after reading other reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed! We were looking for a basic but decent hotel that was close to the subway. The hotel is small -- only 42 rooms -- and has no business center, restaurant, or workout room, and not even much of a lobby.Having read that rooms on the lower floors should be avoided due to noise from the nightclub next door, we asked for a room on the highest floor possible and were given one on the top [12th] floor. It was very small, but had a nice flat-screen TV and a clean, modern bathroom -- and a view of the Empire State Building! [It had two double beds, which were each a bit small for two people but otherwise OK.] It was very quiet and we didn't hear any noise from downstairs -- surprising, since the music was very audible when we were in the lobby. We had hot water every morning with no problem [and the shower had two separate shower heads, each of which could be aimed separately]. My husband had forgotten a cable for his computer, and the front-desk clerk gave him a &quot;loaner&quot; one to use while we were there. [The free wi-fi worked well too!] Also, they delivered a New York Times to our door each morning. As advertised, the hotel was about two blocks from the subway. Our only two minor annoyances were: 1. The in-room safe didn't work; we asked for someone to fix it and were told the next evening that it was fixed, but it still didn't work. We ended up just doing without it. 2. One morning when we got on the elevator, we pushed the button to go down to the lobby, but nothing happened. We ended up walking down 12 floors. The front-desk clerk said &quot;Hmmm&quot; when we mentioned the problem and said the elevator had to be re-set, but didn't apologize. When we came back in the evening, the elevator was fixed. All was fine with it until the morning we checked out, when it was out for a few minutes for &quot;routine maintenance&quot;. Other than those minor issues, the hotel delivered exactly what we had hoped for -- a clean, quiet room that was a good place to crash after a busy day. I would also recommend the Landmark Coffee Shop located directly across the street -- the pancakes and French toast were very good and the service was excellent!	
Jul 14 2008 	Best thing is the location	This hotel is perfect for sightseeing in New York. It's well placed in Soho, so makes a change from staying in Manhattan and the usual touristy areas. Good for 'second timers' to New York who fancy something different!We found it was a good price, had nice (small, but it's New York) clean rooms, and a lovely clean bathroom with good toiletries, big towels and a good hairdryer. Our main concern was going to be noise from the nightclub having seen other reviews on here before. To solve this, we emailed the hotel direct and got a written promise we could have a room on the upper floors. We took this with us and presented it on arrival - we were given the 7th floor which was silent! Couldn't hear it at all, so our ear plugs were not needed. The hotel staff are desperate to get the club closed down, but have had no luck so far with the management and some legal reasons apparently.We had no issues with bedbugs. We had no cause to speak to the manager so can't comment on him, but the reception staff were very friendly and helpful to us. There is a good little deli over the road for breakfast, so you don't have far to go if you're starving when you wake up (no breakfast at the hotel).It's located close to Little Italy and Chinatown, and also a subway stop when coming from the airport with all your luggage; you don't have far to walk (something to bear in mind). Taxi was about $40 - $50 I think, but at 2am we didn't mind paying.Reception staff were very helpful (esp Lorelei) in providing maps and info on things to do, and how to get to attractions, calling taxis etc. There is a really good off-licence over the road with some lovely wines in (unusual in America!) but they close at 11pm, and I think 9 on a Sunday, not crucial but bear in mind if you want a drink in your room after a meal out - the next place is a fair walk away and just sells warm beer.Having said that there are plenty of nice bars around SoHo.No complaints about this hotel, and we would definitely go again and recommend to others. In fact I did recommend to a friend, she has just been, stayed on the 9th floor and had a great time.	
Apr 13 2008 	Family of 4 Spring Break Dwntwn Manhattan	The Good: Great location, within walking distance of the Lower East side, SoHo, what's remained of Little Italy, and of course Chinatown. If you go further north, the Village and further south the South Street Seaport. There is a decent diner across the street for breakfast, attached to the hotel is a reasonable French resto...we didn't eat here but looked at the menu and sounds OK with manageable prices considering this is NYC...Ate mostly in Chinatown since it's cheapest, Lombardi's, Katz's. We walked everywhere and saw a lot considering we were only there for 2 nights. The staff was very pleasant. Don't be put off by the gritty, old looking neighborhood. We found it safe. Locals were always milling around. It got quieter at bedtime but you probably won't be able to sleep in in the morning if needed.The Bad: the hotel room is SMALL, say 300 sq feet including bathroom area for $276/night reserved months in advance...this would have been very uncomfortable if the kids (ages 12, 7) were teenagers, the beds were up against the walls that I've banged up my elbows a couple of times..i've banged up my knees on the heating/AC unit because it was too close to the bed... you can't use the iron/board, there is no room to open up the ironing board, we had to relocate the coffee maker to the bathroom to be able to use it...and there is hardly any counter space in the bathroom, so the lesson here is don't bring a lot of luggage/toiletries because there is no room to put them (we only had a medium duffle bag and an overnighter, so it's not like we had a lot of luggage)..the hotel also sells itself as a boutique hotel, i don't see the reason, yeah they have ONE bath robe, there were 4 of us...Oh, maybe because their shampoo/conditioner is organic?....Make sure you know the address, we passed it by because it does not have a marquee on top. I saw another couple looking for it and they would have passed it if they hadn't heard us talking about the hotel.All in all I would stay here again if i can't find anywhere else to stay. I would recommend this hotel to people who've been to NYC and familiar with the prices, interested in staying downtown and know what they're getting into...	
Jan 23 2008 	OK Hotel in Convenient Location	I stayed a the Solita Soho for four days during the first week of December for business. Honestly, it wasn't our first choice, but hotel rates in NYC that week were insanely expensive and the Solita was reasonably priced. I think we were pleasantly surprised as you could do a lot worse in NYC. The room was your standard boutique hotel room. A little small, but most are in NYC, and I actually had a double. The heat worked well (very important to me), and it had standard beds and pillows. They also provide you with a robe. There is a small wardrobe for you to store your clothes in, but don't plan on putting your luggage in there, as it won't likely fit. I just left my bag on the extra bed. The bathroom is clean, the toiletries are good, and the shower/water pressure is good too. They have a double shower head which was interesing. My room was right next to the elevator and I had no problems with noise. On a side note...one of my colleagues requested a smoking room and ended up with a room right above the adjacent club. He didn't sleep for days. :-P We thought maybe it was to discourage people from the habit.Location is very convenient. You can walk to Little Italy, Chinatown, and Soho. It's easy to catch a cab. You can grab breakfast across the street at the diner. if you are inclined. The staff at reception offered great restaurant recommendations in Little Italy, all within walking distance. Essentially a good hotel if you need a place to sleep, so it's good for business travelers. If you're looking to hang out in your hotel, then this may not be the place for you.	
Jan 16 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!	Picked the Solita based on location, price and style. I was more than happy we did. GREAT location! China town, little Italy, Soho, the lower east side. Awsome area. Hotel was clean, comfortable, nice bedding and a HUGE bathroom. Very nice! Coffe in room, a robe, free wi-fi. We got a corner room (1022 I think), just a little bigger then the rest of the rooms, nice. Will stay here again.The people who complained about the noise are either overly sensitive or were on a lowere floor than 10. I could just barely hear the club (no louder than other NYC noises) and we stayed on a Saturday night!Nice people at the counter. Overall, very happy	
Jan 14 2008 	Painful and Itchy	A friend and i checked into the Solita Soho on December 30, 2007. We traveled there from California to celebrate the New Year. On the morning of our second day, i noticed what i thought were mosquito bites on my arms and abdomen and i dismissed it as such. Later that evening i mentioned the bites to my companion and she told me she had the same thing. To my knowledge i have never been bitten by a bedbug so the thought of being bitten by one never crossed my mind until she told me about her bites.After my conversation with her i told the desk clerk that i thought our room had bedbugs. He kind of dismissed it saying they would have the room swept the next day (our departure day). Upon checking out, the desk clerk gave me the name and number of the hotel manager (Mr. Hakim) and aked me to call him the following day.After returning home, i called the hotel and asked for Mr. Hakim. I was told he was out of the building and would return soon. I left my name and telephone number with the person answering the phone and asked that he call me when he returned. When i did not hear from him, i telephoned the hotel again. This time i was told Mr. Hakim was ill and did not return to the hotel the previous day. I left a second message asking that he call me. To this day he has not called me back!In the meantime i went to Choice Hotels web site and left an email regarding my experience at the hotel. I wrote that i simply wanted the manager to return my call to listen to my concern. My guess is my email was sent to Mr Hakim because i received an email (not a phone call) from him. The email was an apology and it stated the hotel would refund 30% of my last night's room rate, roughly $30 dollars.I sent an email back to Mr. Hakim asking that he call me and telling him i thought his offer was unacceptable!After returning home i went to a doctor because the bites on my body were extremely uncomfortable and the skin around the bite sites was dying and peeling off. Upon seeing the bites the doctor said he knew they were made by bedbugs.After returning home i mentioned my experience to a co-worker. He provided me with an article written in November 2007 describing the bedbug problem on the east coast as near epidemic. I have never written a review of a hotel or any other business in my life and i probably would have never written this one had i received a call from someone in charge at the hotel willing to listen to my concerns. Instead i was dismissed and ignored!Bedbugs are disgusting littled creatures. I don't know if my reaction to their bites is common. It is now January 14th and i still have evidence of the bites on my skin. The thing that concerns me the most is they could have gotten into my suitcase or other clothing and i could have transported them home. They can live up to a year without feeding. Once you have them in your house they are extremely difficult to get rid of.I wanted soemone at the hotel to be responsive to my concerns, they were not!! This was my second stay at the Solita Soho and it is safe to say there will not be a 3rd visit. In the past i have recommended that hotel to my friends, this won't happen again either!!!	
Jan 12 2008 	great staff but too noisy	I am a private travel consultant who mystery shop for a major retailer. I recently had to stay one nignt at the Solita. Its location in Soho was one of the reason i choose this hotel. The room was small but comfortable. furnishing wasa typical hotel, need upgrading. The bed was ok, new mattresses needed. I stay in 423 and this room is located right above the night club that's in this hotel. It was a mistake to put a night club in the hotel, I requested to move to a higher floor but none was available. The noise was unbearable went from 8:00PM to 10:00am the next morning. So if you book this hotel beware. The best part was the staff, especially Emily and Lorelei, who both went out of their way to help me. They turn an unpleasant stay to a pleasant one.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great location quaint botique hotel would return.	We recently spent 2 nights, Friday/Saturday, at the Solita SoHo Hotel and were impressed. Location: The hotel is located only steps from the central spine of SoHo, as well as Chinatown and Little Italy. Though at first glance the street looks a little questionable, we did not observe or have any issues. We parked our car on the street, just a block away, without incident. There are numerous restaurants and clubs in walking distance as well as shops. Hotel: The room was standard size for NY, which all be it means small, but offered everything we needed. The room was spotless and updated in a modern style. Robes were provided, as well as higher end toilteries. We did not find the lobby &quot;ghetto&quot; as noted by some, though it does not offer much besides the reception desk and a small seating area. (but really what else does one need??) We had no issue with noise from the club, though we requested and stayed on a higher floor. We found the staff friendly, though not particularly knowlegable as to offerings for restaurants and nightlife in the area. Though they did offer, without us asking, guides for things to see and do. Touristy magazines were offered in the rooms. A NY Times was supplied on Saturday morning.We would most certainly stay at the Solita SoHo Hotel again.	
Dec 12 2007	Obnoxiously Loud	The hotel is well located for SOHO activities. It is clean. The rooms are nice enough. The room size is small, but fairly ok for New York standards. The water pressure is great. BUT ...The insurmountable problem is the club mentioned by others. We stayed on Friday and Saturday nights on the 3rd floor. It was literally impossible to fall asleep until 2:30 am or later (I think exhaustion did the trick at that point). The music coming from the club (techno stuff) was obnoxiously loud. Every time the bass boomed, you could hear items rattling in the room (I'm not kidding). I still can't get the never ending, techno version of Stars and Stripes Forever out of my mind.With absolute sincerity, I don't understand how a hotel can get away with charging people for these rooms. Maybe the noise is not as bad on higher floors. It was literally unbearable on ours. Which is too bad, because everything else was fine. I just like to be able to sleep. If you make reservations and are stuck on a low floor, you're out of luck.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Hotel For People on the Go	This hotel is good for someone on the go. Its not an amazing hotel by any stretch of the imagination. Its in a good area for getting anywhere in NYC...close to the tube. The room is very small, the staff is friendly, and the lobby looks really ghetto. We had a problem with noise one of the nights we stayed here, because there is a club downstairs. However, the other nights we stayed here, we went out on the town, so it was not a problem. If you want a hotel that takes great care of you...stay somewhere else. But, if you like to roam the city, and won't spend much time in your room...definitely stay here and save some money.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good hotel but very nosiy	While the hotel is situated on a nice block in Soho, the night club attached to the hotel would drive you nuts. the music was loud and went on all night long, stopped for an hour then statred up at 5AM on Sunday morning no less. Talking to other guest, they all have the same complain. I will definitely think twice before booking here again.	
Nov 16 2007 	Very small room but I liked it overall	This is a small hotel. The rooms are small by most cities standards. However, I have stayed in smaller rooms in New York City (and paid a lot more $$).The bathroom was decent size and amenities are good.You can open the room's windows which was great since the weather was nice. I would stay here again.	
Nov 14 2007 	My New Fave NYC Digs	Booked a room at the Solita based on Trip Advisor recommendations and wanted an affordable downtown hotel. Went thru Expedia and had no problems at all. Some reviews said hotel was noisy, but we (me, husband and teenage son) were on the 3rd floor facing Grand St. and all slept well. Maybe other travelers were not accustomed to the usual City sounds...I love the constant hum of the city and the nightclub noise was a really faint sound I only noticed a couple of times. The room was typically small (it's NYC!), but nicely appointed. No big amenities, but who in the world eats room service in New York City??? The blocks surrounding the Solita are filled with incredible Peking Duck, dumplings, noodles and roast pork. I am not big on eating Italian in Little Italy (only for newbie tourists!), but there is a neat French restaurant next door and great West Village and LES eateries in short walking distance.If you are an experienced NYC traveler looking for a nice little room to crash in with good linens, flat screen TV, nice service and a convenient downtown location, the Solita can't be beat. We walked past the Sohotel which is much more expensive and it is in a crappy and boring area of the Bowery. We are looking forward to our next trip to the City and will return to the Solita for sure.	
Nov 6 2007 	OK but disappointed	We took the decision to stay out of midtown for the first time and feel we should have researched a bit better. While the location, like virtually everywhere in Manhattan is great for subway access, the locality verges on being bland with no really great bars or restaurants adjacent. Internet was down and it took days to fix, so the front desk was helpless in answering any queries we had. Many (not all) hotel employees seemed not to be particularly attentive and our room wasn't cleaned until after 2pm.Noise was rather an issue, with the windows not keeping noise out and an adjacent club keeping us up most of the night. Many intercity buses also leave the area at all times of day and night.On the plus side, the room was recently refurbished and pleasant enough with coffee facilities, fresh water bottles each day and bathroom stuff was fine.I guess underwhelmed was the word I would use. Will look for somewhere further west if staying downtown again.	
Oct 25 2007 	No hot water!!!	As a travel agent I have travel all oveer the world. Then i had the misfortune of staying at the Solita Soho Hotel recently. Upon check-in, the front desk agent seems preoccupied. I found out he was watching movies online!! So much for customer service. The room was not what they advertised. It was smaller than my walkin closet at home. The bed was lumpy. But the topper was that there was no hot water from the previous night.The hot water did not come back until like 10AM the next morning. I was tired from my flight and I wanted to shower so bad that I couldn't. This situation is so pathetic. On top of all this, the hotel have a night club on the ground floor and they must had one hell of a party because you could hear the music on the 10th floor all night long. So no shower and no sleep. When I complained at the front desk the next morning, the agent just shrugged it off like it's no big deal.I decided to change hotel and and move down the block to the Holiday Inn Downtown where at least I had hot water and it was very quiet!!I dare to say that I will not stay at this hotel again and I definitelywould not recommend this hotel to my clients.	
Oct 17 2007 	perfect location clean nice people.	Actually it's not much more than a desk and a lot of rooms. But what more do you need when you're in NY? If on holiday, you'll be out of your room most of the time so you need a good and clean bed and bathroom. Everything you need is in the room. A tv, coffee machine, locker etc. It's a small room, yes, but I couldn't be bothered. It really is very important to ask 5th floor or higher because of the nearby club. The people at the desk are so so friendly and willing to help you with everything. The location is the best, feels very good. I will definitely stay here next time I visit NY.C. van der Horst - Amsterdam, The Netherlands	
Sep 25 2007	Excellent	Very nice hotel. Clean, medium size room with two windows looking out to city. Incredible location in Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown area. Great walking area in Soho, Village, etc. Bathroom clean, nice. I have stayed here twice and will stay again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Place	This hotel was perfect! The staff was helpful.The rooms are small but VERY clean. after all it's the city. The room we had was a corner room single bed, flat screen TV. The hotel has a hooka lounge at night. The music is very loud, we could hear the music in our room (we stayed on the 4th floor) however it didn't really bother us. Parking is a few blocks away and cost's about $30/$35 for a 24 hour period. When you walk out of the hotel about one block to your right is China Town and Cannel St, and about a block to your left is Little Italy. Overall we enjoyed out stay at this hotel and would stay again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great hotel in SOHO/Chinatown	The location of this hotel is superb. About 2 blocks up from Canal street, a few blocks from Little Italy, and a few blocks from great shopping in Soho.The rooms are really small, but nicely furnished. There is a little noise at night from the nightclub (we were on the 4th floor) but I would think rooms on the higher floors would be quieter.The staff at the front desk was helpful, and the price was definitely good for Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved our stay at the Solita	My friend and I stayed at the Clarion Solita Hotel for four nights and had a great time. The entire hotel staff was wonderful. Peter, Hakim, Stephanie, John, Emily and the maids gave us excellent, friendly service. The room was small but very nice, clean and modern. The flatscreen TV was great. The shower was nice and the bathroom was redone in marble. The beds were very comfortable. You can have a mini fridge put into your room and if you ask for a higher floor it is quiet. The coffee maker was very handy. The room, location and the staff made this the perfect getaway. Thanks to everyone at the Solita! You were great.	
Jul 8 2007	great location!	I just got back from a two-night stay at this hotel with my 22 yr-old daughter. We have stayed in the theatre district many times and wanted a different location for a change. This was perfect. Yes, the room was small, but we were only there to shower and sleep, so no problem. The room was immaculate and was nicely appointed. What everyone says is true--a great shower with lots of hot water. We liked the fact that we were only 2 blocks from China Town and Little Italy and very close to Soho shopping. For quick morning coffee and breakfast runs, turn right out of the hotel, go 2 blocks to Ferrara's Italian bakery. Or, go 2 blocks up to Spring St. Balthazaar's french bakery is there. Both were great. We also had a great meal at a little place called Mexican Radio nearby. While this hotel has no ammenities like a gym, restaurant, etc. it's perfect for people like us who were out and about all day and don't go to New York City to hang around the hotel. We will definitely go back.	
Jul 6 2007 	Noise	Nice comfortable room. Staff friendly enough. But the noise from the nightclub next door was incredible. Might recommend this hotel because of the good location and overall quality but you would want to get one of the top floors if you want to sleep before 4.00am.	
Jul 5 2007	Great Service Clean ideal location	This Hotel rooms are small but very clean with great hospitality. Great deal. The young lady at the front desk was very helpful and kind. I brought a group of 25 and they handled the group's needs with propt service. All the people that went on the trip loved their stay. The hotel is very modern equiped with flat screen tv's and sleak interior design. Very accommodating and I would definitly recommend.	
Jun 30 2007 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	The Good: The room was very clean with nice pillows and bed linen. The A/C worked well, not a small thing in summertime NYC. Free internet in room.The Bad: This was probably the smallest room I've ever had in a US property. My room had two beds. One side of each bed was against the wall with less than an 18 in. aisle between them. The room has a tiny wardrobe with a safe being the only storage space. The hotel has NO amenities, no bar, no restaurant, no business center and no parking or decent loading/unloading area. The ice and vending machines are only located in the &quot;lobby&quot; area. The first night the water temp regulator in the shower wasn't working and I almost scalded myself. The A/C was one of the loudest I've encountered, but that did mask the street noise and music from the nightclub others have mentioned. On this visit I was required to have a vehicle. The nearest garage was about 3 blocks away and cost just under $40 dollars to park overnight. Did I mention that this place is small!! There are only 4 rooms per floor!! I could literally stand in the elevator and open the door to my room.The Ugly: I had to cut my stay short due to being called home by my employer. I immediately called the hotel from my work location and told them I would be checking out 2 days early. The desk clerk said OK not a problem. The night before my departure I stopped by the desk to confirm everything with the desk clerk. At first they denied I had met the notification deadline and they would have to charge for an extra night. After I showed her my phone log she then said I told them I was checking out not the next day but the day after that. She said she would check into it and get back to me. She never did. The next morning at checkout the desk clerk was adamant that I said Thurs and not Wed and refused to remove the charge for the extra night. The manager had not arrived for work yet so I couldn't discuss it with them. Since I had a plane to catch I couldn't hang around to wait for the manager to show up. The matter has been turned over to my corporate travel office for resolution.If you are in NYC for pleasure this place might be OK depending on your tastes. If you are there on business avoid it like the plague. The lack of facilities, size and flexibility on the managements part make it a poor choice in my opinion.	
Jun 13 2007 	great great great	This hotel was perfect. It was 2 blocks one way to chinatown which has a subway station that will take you anywhere or 2 blocks the other way to little italy which has fabulous food. The hotel was very clean and the front desk was so helpful and nice. The room is a little small, but other than that this is the very best hotel in NYC. The price is perfect.	
May 18 2007 	A great experience 	I had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel, which is modern, well-maintained, well staffed, and in a great location. I was just a couple of blocks from the Canal Street subway (from which you can get anywhere in a few stops on the express trains), plus three great neighborhoods are within walking distance (Soho, Greenwich Village, Chinatown). Hotel staff are friendly and helpful.	
Apr 25 2007	Couldn't ask for more - just what we hoped for	I have just got back from a weekend in New York. I wanted to find somewhere in the heart of downtown and somewhere laid back and pleasant as it was a 30th present for my husband. When I started looking to book I looked at all the fancy boutique hotels around Soho and the East Village, but then came across SoLita in Soho through a web search. I am so glad I booked it. The front of desk staff are really friendly and the room was small, but very clean with a lovely view. The bed linen was lovely, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom although a little old was clean, and the double headed shower always gave a lovely hot flow. When we stepped outside and got our bearings we discovered we were slap bang between Little Italy and China Town with all its buzz and interest. We were also right by Broadway with all it's shops and only five mins from the centre of cultural Soho. The price was great and you pay for what you get with the SoLita, no frills but very happy friendly service. They booked us a car back to the airport, and we were able to leave our luggage with them, so we could enjoy our last day.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great little hotel in the hottest part of NYC	Looking for a reasonably priced but well located hotel around SOHO, Tripadvisor helped us choose this modest hotel. We were initially concerned by the size of the room (tiny) and were constantly annoyed by the lack of storage space for a couple BUT we had such a good time when we were out of the hotel (which was most of the time) and slept well when we were there that we couldn't see any merit in spending 3 times as much for anything more upscale. The bathroom was fine, beds comfy, housekeeping a high standard. Front desk girls were great - guys not so helpful. Cheap entry to a fantastic gym around the corner was a bonus. One problem - a noisy club abutts the hotel and we could hear &quot;duf duf&quot; on the 5th floor on one night. Fortunately we travel with a white noise maker to drown out such noises. I know the hotel is concerned about this and is trying to tone them down. Best bet - book a room above the 5th floor. In summary, not a &quot;special&quot; hotel but a good, honest and exceptionally well positioned place to call home for a few nights. They would do themselves a favour by increasing storage, even hooks on walls as suggested by a previous reviewer.	
Apr 8 2007	Location location location	If you've stayed at hotels in Britain or Europe, you know the rooms at this hotel are NOT small. Compact, yes. Designed well, yes. Besides, you'll only be in your room to sleep or change clothes. Very clean. Friendly and helpful desk clerks. Previous post recommends fifth floor or above; we agree. We stayed on fifth, still could hear the vibrations from the club's music. Would not have wanted to be on third or second. Tremendous location. We walk, and we could get to so many places in a half-hour. Plus, subway stops are nearby. Area is in transition, meaning much construction, but did not affect our stay. Plenty of places to eat on Spring and Broome Streets nearby, also a Dean and DeLuca's six or seven blocks away to buy fruit, snacks, sandwiches, water. We will return to this hotel.	
Apr 3 2007	Friendly great location	Our group rented 9 rooms at the Solita Soho hotel at the end of March. It's a great location if you want to get out of Midtown and see an entirely different side of Manhattan. We walked to and from Little Italy, Chinatown, the Lower East Side Tenement Museum and Katz's Delicatessen, the East Village, the West Village, Soho and the Brooklyn Bridge. Several subway stops within 4-5 blocks.Rooms are small but not so much by New York standards. Clean and nicely appointed, with internet connection, flat screen tv, and two-head shower. Staff was very friendly and helpful, great at recommending restaurants and bars within a few blocks of the hotel.The only complaint amongst our group was from someone staying on the 3rd floor, due to the club noise mentioned in other posts. Nobody else in our group (staying on 4th floor and above) were affected.	
Mar 30 2007 	Make sure you don't get a room over the nightclub!!	I had heard really great things about this hotel and some were true. The rooms were nice, even though small, the staff was amazing! The only problem, the nightclub!!! the noise level was horrible, even with earplugs! They really need to invest in sound proofing. If ever you stay over for a weekend, make sure to insist on being placed in a room as far away from the club as possible. After 2 sleepless nights I was ready and anxious to leave.	
Mar 15 2007 	Second Stay - Just as nice	My friend and I try to get up to Manhattan every year. This year we stayed at the Solita again. The staff there is wonderful, the place was clean and safe, and while it is low on storage space, you can make it work. The one thing I'd love to see them put in is some coat hooks on the wall though :) The beds are comfortable and the room was quite clean. Yes, the room is small, but for the rates and amount of time you actually spend in the room, it's works well. The shower actually has water pressure which is also a nice touch. :) Everyone at the front desk greeted us and there were cars waiting for us when we needed to leave the area. The front desk person was nice enough to arrange that for us when we mentioned we were checking out later that day.The only issue we had was noise from the nightclub downstairs on one of the four nights we were there. The music was turned up loudly, and I think when we go back we will ask for a higher floor (we were on floor 4). The neighborhood is great. You have soho 3 blocks away, chinatown and the subway 2 blocks away, and litte italy 2 blocks away. There'sa great diner across the street (reasonable priced, decent food and I have never seen two people work as hard as the ladies in there do). Great for a cheap breakfast or a quick lunch. :)The bar around the corner (Lafayette bar) is a great place (not responsible for the aforementioned noise either). Very nice group of people there. Coming back to the hotel regardless of hour, I never felt unsafe during our stay. I will definitely be back!	
Jan 29 2007 	A great downtown hotel	I have just returned from spending a week in New York at the Solita Soho with two friends. We were attracted to the hotel by the good rates and downtown location and were definitely not disappointed.Just a few blocks from the main streets of Chinatown and Little Italy the hotel is in a perfect location to explore the downtown area of Manhattan. Greenwich village, Union Square and the East Village are all walkable if you're a keen walker like me. For places further aflied the Subway is just two blocks away.For breakfast a cafe is located across the street which serves reasonable food and there are lots of other cafes and restaurants in the surrounding area. At night we felt, and indeed were, perfectly safe walking the streets even well past midnight. To the previous reviewer, if you were scared walking around here I dread to think how you would react to a genuinely unsafe neighbourhood. As for our room it was small, as you would expect in NY, but clean and comfortable. Bathroom was compact but we got a small tub and a lovely two-headed shower. The &quot;queen&quot; beds were pretty small but very cosy, and you get a flatscreen TV with plenty of channels. We were up on the 10th floor and had a good view of the old Police Headquarters building and the surrounding streets.The &quot;nightclub&quot; mentioned in other reviews was audible from the lobby but not from our room. Incidentally the entrance to this bar is around the corner on Lafayette Street and is worth a visit - Moroccan themed with live music and a fun, unpretentious crowd of people there.Overall I highly recommend the Solita Soho. It's great location makes for a perfect hotel for those looking to escape the Midtown tourist trap and see more of New York...	
Jan 19 2007 	Not fitting for business travellers.....	I stayed at the Solita on Jan 18th, I was booked in by my corporate travel dept while I was in the Big Apple attending corporate meetings. I found the hotel to be clean but the format was not to my liking. This has to be the narrowest of any hotel I've ever been in. I stayed on the 7th floor and my room was barely larger than a suburban bedroom, it felt more like a dorm room at college. It was roughly 10x12, clean but very basic, no closet, just a bureau sitting next to a small queen size bed which filled the room. The bathroom was small but clean. My window faced out to the brick wall of a neighboring building and there were construction noises permeating the windows from all around. My neighbors in adjacent rooms felt it necessary to talk in the hallway and party through the night so the doors were no barrier to the commotion that went on in the other 3 rooms on my floor. The hotel straddles Little Italy and Chinatown, but the immediate area is devoid of all life and there's no activity. It was pretty scary at night walking around the surrounding neighborhood. All in all, as a corporate business traveller I would not recommend this hotel to stay in. There are zero facilities and no amenities. I checked out the next morning and found another hotel in nearby Tribeca.	
Jan 19 2007	Solita Soho is so welcoming	When my grandson was born early,, in March 2006, I needed to travel from Michigan and find a hotel fast. The Solita Soho Hotel is 2 blocks from my son's residence, but I knew nothing about the property. I called for a 4 night reservation. The first night was booked and I had little time to call around. Christina, the manager, offered and found another property for me for that first night and I stayed at the Solita for the rest of my stay. I have been going back ever since on a montly basis as have other family members. I book my stays directly and the staff is always helpful and welcoming. I feel like family whenever I go and always stay in the same room. The floors are small with only 4 rooms so overall it is very quiet and there is a fun diner right across the street for breakfast. I love the Solita.	
Jan 9 2007 	Unpretentious with great location	My now 14 yo daughter and I go to the city every year or so. She always wants to stay in a different place. I'd be quite happy to just stay at the Solita from now on. First, I will never stay in a midtown/Times Square/Rock Center place. Who needs that aggravation when you can get a cab or subway to a show from about anywhere as fast?This place is in the best location I can think of in the city. At the intersection of Chinatown, Little Italy, and Soho, with Lower East Side, East Village, and Tribeca an easy few blocks walk away.The neighborhood felt quite safe and comofortable. Precinct station 50 yds away. Local breakfast place across the street. Front desk people pleasant and helpful.The room was small, clean, comfortable, and functional. Best NY hotel shower I've experienced.Come to think of it, the name &quot;Solita&quot; (Soho/Little Italy) is a bit pretentious.	
Dec 9 2006 	a gem in little italy/chinatown	We stayed here for our 31st anniversary and enjoyed the hotel very much. the front desk staff was helpful and the bellman exceptional. the location was great, close to the subway and within walking distance of some fabulous eateries. the room was well appointed but could have used some 'detailing' as far as cleanliness, though it wasn't too bad. we are visiting the city again in may and have booked a room at the solita for our stay. be sure to ask for an upper floor-the basement club noise and street noise are LOUD.	
Nov 15 2006 	The place to stay downtown	My wife and I stayed at the Solita Soho in October and November 2006, three weeks apart. We know the city well and usually stay at her father's apartment in midtown east side, when he's out of town, but downtown is really where we spend our time (Soho, Tribeca, Chelsea, the Village) so we were looking for a downtown hotel that is not 500 dollars a night in the fall (or more). I discovered this place on TripAdvisor (what a great site this is) and decided to give it a try.The best thing about this hotel is the combination of location, quality of room, and price. Price: Hotels in NYC between Labor Day and Xmas are insanely expensive--it's high season--but we stayed here for roughly 260 a night (just under 300 after taxes). In NYC in the fall, you could spend more than that and end up in a dump--star ratings are notoriously useless for NYC. There are _lots_ of crappy 250/night hotels.Quality: small but sharp lobby, smallish rooms (though not unusually so by NYC standards--I've stayed in smaller rooms for double this price), but very nice furnishings, linens, bathroom, carpet, flatscreen Zenith wall mounted TV--and free high speed internet (just ask for your cable at the desk). Small, boutique-y feel. Staff is fine--not bad, not great. NYC bored but competent.Location: Unbeatable. There aren't that many hotels downtown (compared to midtown). This is midway between the Spring St. and Canal St. subway stops, two blocks from Broadway, and within easy walking distance of many of the best restaurants and funkiest retail in the city. Safety is not an issue. For breakfast, just walk to Broadway, take a right and Cafe Miro is right there--along with lots of other places. Spring St., three blocks to the north, has fabulous restaurants, including the famous Balthazar, Lombardi's pizza, and Spring St. Natural, among others.I only have one caveat about staying here, and you must pay attention to it: there is a bar/club in the basemant of the hotel, adjoining, and on weekends it is REALLY LOUD until 4 a.m. On our first stay, we stayed on the 6th floor and it was no problem. On the recent stay, we were on the second floor and it was insanely loud; I would have requested a room change but I knew the hotel was full. So: you need to stay on the highest floor possible. Next time I book, I'll tell them I'm not staying below the 4th floor, period, and if they can't guarantee it, I'll go somewhere else. Otherwise, when we go to NYC, this is where we'll stay.	
Nov 13 2006 	Forget the other reviews...Amazing location 	My sister and I stayed there this weekend and were pleasantly surprised after reading the negative reviews. There is tons to do around the hotel. Heart of Soho 3 blocks, Chinatown 2 blocks, Little Italy 1 block. Could ask for a better location. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Rooms were very cleana little small, but come onyou are in NYC! Definitely give them a chancegreat place for the money.	
Oct 9 2006 	Better than I expected	This is a small hotel with either 5 or 6 rooms on each floor. It seems to be in a bit of a no-man-land, but Little Italy, Soho and Chinatown are just a couple blocks away. The efficient room size is to be expected from a boutique hotel in New York, and suburban people may consider this place small, but I found the size to be fine for my trip. The room had one full sized bed, one side table, one armore (approx 2 ft wide) with iron and ironing board, a full sized desk with coffee maker and internet access, a 19 in. flat screen tv attached to the wall, a luggage rack that fit right next to the desk, marble bathroom, nice toiletries, and a very good shower. I think I was on a floor where there was a water pressure pump, as there was great water pressure in the shower. The towels were fine, and the bathrobe was a nice touch. There is an updated hotel HVAC wall unit, which was a bit loud, but at least it was not a radiator that hisses and pings all night. There is a nightclub on the 1st floor of this motel, and when the HVAC fan was not running and drowning out noise, I could hear a little bit of the sub-woofer from the night club in my 6th floor room. A set of ear plugs that I normally carry to NY hotels, solved that problem just fine. Other than that, this hotel was surprisingly quiet when I stayed. NYC is just a loud city in general, but this motel is not on a major street, so I really did not hear street noise in my room.	
Sep 25 2006 	small but nice	Great location where soho, little italy and chinatown meet. Stayed there for business and was lucky enough to be there during the San Gennaro feast in Little Italy. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms looked remodeled and had plenty of room considering the size of the hotel. The staff at the front desk was very helpful. Not the biggest rooms in the world, but plenty for one person. Let's remember this is NYC where space is at a premium.	
Aug 15 2006 	Front Desk Agents.	#1. We were checked into a dirty room (when we notified the front desk, her response was &quot;I was doing you a favor because c/i isn't until 3pm)#2. Because I was sharing a room, I asked the Agent on duty that night 8-8-06 to add my name to the room. His response was &quot;why can't they just ask for her?&quot; Well I work at a 4-star hotel myself, and I was shocked at his response indeed, because at first he told me point blank that he can't do it at all. Would I go back again. no.	
Mar 27 2006	It was cool!	My wife and I just stayed this weekend here and the place was definitely cool! This boutique hotel has fifty rooms (small) and we stayed in the 4th floor. Amenities in the room were spaciously arranged considering the small room size. The bedsheets and the decor were pretty nice along with the black carpet and other sleek stuff. The lobby and lounge were boutique-style with suttle neon lights. The only bad part of the hotel is the views: it's in the middle of chinatown/little italy area with no scenic views from the rooms. If you're young or into hip stuff and can deal with having a nice small room with uninteresting views, it OK!	
Jan 29 2006	Great Deal Comfortable Stay	I stayed at the Solita Soho on a Friday night. I was seriously doubting my choice due to recent postings, but I am very glad I stayed at the Solita. As stated in reviews, the Solita is small, the lobby is small, the room is small. However, it is also clean, convenient, and filled with many special touches. The rug was in excellent condition, the TV was very cool (some kind of smaller flat screen, don't know the name), the bedspread, bed linens, pillows, and towels were clean and in excellent condition, which is such a pleasure when you are away from home. I was on the 10th floor. The only thing that woke me up during the night was when the heater would come on but I always went right back to sleep. I felt safe and I had an exellent stay. There is a little Greek breakfast/lunch diner right across the street, where I picked up a delicious toasted bagel, which I ordered as take away. A short walk brought me to Spring St. with its wonderful restaurants and shops. They also provided a free NY Times to all guests at each door. I would stay at the Solita again.	
Jan 26 2006	okay	We just stayed there on the ninth floor and had awful construction noise from diagonally across the street! It sounded like there were trucks backing up all morning &quot;BEEP BEEP BEEP....&quot;. The rooms are really small but you do get what you pay for. We did like the location because we were walking distance to so much...SOHO, NOLITA, Chinatown and Little Italy.	
Jan 22 2006	Noise from new restaurant	Choose this as thought it was away from the noise of Times Square. However, a new restaurant around the corner, 157 Lafayette apparently opened up. It is more of a club with a live DJ playing loud music through the night. Complained but management couldnt do anything. Make sure you dont get a room facing the back or you will need ear plugs to sleep.Otherwise it is a nice small room.	
Jan 19 2006 	Terrible place	I was down in NYC for a work meeting and my assistant put me down there. After staying there for one night, I have to say &quot;stay away from this place!&quot;. The rooms are extremely small. Also, when I was there my toilet was leaking and there was water everywhere in the bathroom.Customer service is also poor and there is no lobby to speak of. Also, the location of the hotel sucks! Its in the middle of Chinatown with no points of interest in the neighbouring couple blocks.Conclusion: If you are gonna be paying close to $200 / night - why not stay at a better place?	
Jan 9 2006	Not worth it!	I have to agree, the rooms are way too small and the manager is quite nasty. I have a billing problem where they charge me for an extra room (seems to be a common problem) and I have yet to resolve it. There are much better choices in NYC, so definitely look for them. This hotel is not worth the money!	
Jan 5 2006	Great Location and Nice Hotel	While the hotel and rooms are small, I really enjoyed my stay. I was there the weekend before Christmas with one of my friends. The staff was able to give me an early check-in and the room was what I had reserved. I accidentally interrupted the person setting up my room, but he was really nice. I think the rooms could use a coat rack on the one wall they have the TV on. The bathroom was a good size - something that's needed when two women are staying in the room! A little short on counter space, but with a little creativity, it was fine. As a former business traveler, I've slept on a lot of hotel beds. These were some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The neighborhood was safe and quiet. Nothing like staying in the noise of times square or midtown. There is a huge police station across the street. It was two blocks from the subway, two or three blocks from SoHo, and not too difficult to find a cab when needed. There was also a cute little bar around the corner on Lafayette that was great too. The people were really friendly and it was reasonably priced (hard to believe in NYC I know).	
Jan 2 2006	Clean Inexpesive Well-located	The Solita is a great hotel if you want to avoid midtown tourist crowds and high prices. My wife and I, along with my sister, split a room on the fifth floor with two double beds, facing Grand St. The rooms are small (I would not add a 4th adult), but are clean and well-appointed. The beds are also very comfortable, and the double-headed shower is very soothing. A bit of noise reaches the room from the streets below, but it is nothing out of the ordinary if you are used to living in a city. As far as location, I don't believe I have ever stayed in a better one in the City. I often stay at the Millenium Hilton near the WTC site because of its great rooms and rates, but the trade off is a remote location. The Solita is two blocks from Mulberry St. in Little Italy, and you can walk to the best bars and restaurants on the LES and in Soho within 15 mins. The best pub in NYC, Puck Fair, is a three-minute stumble away at the corner of Layfayette &amp; Houston. Finally, the B-D-F-V-N-R-W-6 trains are all within a five minute walk as well. Highly recommended if you are looking for something affordable below midtown.	
Dec 21 2005	Just Say NO	There are much better options than this hotel in this price range. They charged us for an extra room and four months later we are still dealing with it. The hotel manager is rude and nasty. The rooms are cramped, even by NY standards and the airconditioner sounds like a truck engine. You would do better to spend the extra money and stay at the Grand or, if you are on a budget, The Holiday Inn in the East Village, at least they treat you like a guest instead of an intruder.	
Dec 21 2005	A ver y pleasant stay	A small but clean and friendly hotel. Outstanding and courteus staff. Located in an area that is close to trains and major tourists' attractions. Be sure that your taxi driver knows the area, otherwise, you will be given them driving directions. We will not hesitate to return to the Solita Soho each time that we fly to New York.	
Dec 21 2005	Great hotel for a short break	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a christmas shopping break with my boyfriend. The best thing about the hotel is its location (it's actually in Little Italy rather than Chinatown, and it's about a 2 minute walk from Soho). The room was fine - clean, modern, nice bed, nice TV... and no smaller than the average new york hotel room. The only drawback is that the hotel offers no additional amenities (e.g. restaurant, bar or gym) but that didn't bother us at all. One other thing - the heater in the room isn't ideal. It makes a noise (so you can't leave it on during the night). But we had no serious complaints, and it's a lot cheaper than other good downtown hotels like the Soho grand.	
Nov 27 2005	Not good -- much worse opinion than other reviewers	We just stayed at the Solita for three days. Our experience was poor. We were visiting family over Thanksgiving weekend. Ok, the room was tiny (just big enough to fit two full, not queen beds) -- we knew that ahead of time. The closet sits in the room next to the desk taking up the small amount of remaining space. But I can deal with small -- it's NYC. And, the room was clean, also not a given in the city.But they are trying to be something they are not. They have put in all these &quot;touches&quot; that have the same style as actual nice hotels, but with none of the substance or care. The fancy sink faucet hits your head as you try to wash your face. The faucet housing actually came unscrewed at first use -- I screwed it in by hand. There were two shower heads, but when anyone else in the building uses water that cheapo pressure-balancing shower valve created this vibrating banging that woke me up and probably everyone else in the hotel; you have to shut off the water and turn it on again to restore calm for a few moments. All the fixtures were akimbo. So, all the touches with none of the actual care.Maid service failed to leave soap on our second day (we ran out) or replace the toilet paper. Oops!The mattresses were nice, and the linens and especially the pillows (my hotel pet peeve) were quite nice. However the duvet cover was so heavy that my wife and I *roasted* in the bed. There was no insulation on the windows (and it was cold) so cold drafts came in. The heating unit would come on loudly every half-hour. So you were either freezing or roasting. So bottom line: we got only interrupted sleep during our stay. So all the nice linens in the world don't make up for this. No attention to detail.The lobby had the swanky lighting of boutique hotels, except it was just a front desk and elevator. There were no valets, bellhops or anything, not even a reasonable place to park the car while unloading. The location is Chinatown -- there is nothing within a block or two in any direction of interest. It's not a bad neighborhood, but certainly not scenic. No drinks at the Solita -- no bar, no restaurant, no room service, no nothing. And nothing near, really. The guy at the front desk couldn't even give me directions on where to park. Window dressing; no substance.We have stayed in a range of hotels, from lousy (that is, with bugs :-), to really upscale. For an somewhat lower price a few years ago we stayed a few blocks west of Times Square in a cool hotel. The room was small and nothing special, but the hotel lobby was a great place to relax and have a drink. And we did get a good night's sleep there. Not at the Solita.And this place is no bargain. We paid, after taxes, $300 per night. Hell, we stayed at the &quot;W&quot; in Union Square for our anniversary -- that was a wildly better hotel in all respects, and paid a little more than $400 per night for a huge room with all the amenities. Yes more, but an order of magnitude better.I really think you can do better than this hotel for the money, and you can also get the same actual amenities elsewhere (and maybe even a good night's rest) at scores of other hotels.	
Nov 18 2005	The most comfortable beds in the world!	Situated in China Town my first impressions of the area weren't great, especially given the price tag that came with the room, while the hotel itself looked very inviting and clean there was a building site accross the street and streets bore more than a striking resemblance to Soho in London. Once inside our room though it was a different matter, plazma screen tv adorned the wall and a double headed shower in the bathroom was a really nice touch. My friend and I shared a twin room which had quite simply the most confortable beds in the world with 4 big soft pillows each. While the room was rather on the small side it had everything we could want in there.The staff were a little 'New York' with their approach to customer service but were very helpful if you asked for something specific, recommending places to eat for us and helping us with the trains etc.The location of the hotel was dissapointing to me at first but it was soon very apparent that we had the best positioned hotel in New York, not only were we one block away from all the shops on Broadway, but also close to the fashionable Greenwich and Chelsea areas and in the best place ever for chinese or Italian food! The other thing we found with the location was that after going into midtown Manhatten and shopping til we fell over it was easy to get a cab back to Soho as the streets were mostly clear and a far cry from the total gridlock (and noise) which you would have to encounter if you were staying in Time Square for instance.I would fiercely recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York and would stay there again if I went back.	
Nov 14 2005	Decent	My friend and I (in our 30's) stayed here in October so we could attend the Halloween parade in Greenwich Village. The hotel was small- we actually walked right past it at first! The lobby and rooms are very modern and clean. It seems as though they may be adding a bar in the near future. The phone in our room did not work, but we loved the bathroom faucet that comes out of the wall and the double shower head. It was an easy walk to the Village- however, the area surrounding the hotel is questionable at night. You have to walk a couple blocks north to get to the nice part of Soho with the trendy shops and bars. We didn't feel as safe when we walked east or west of the hotel. We thought it was pricey ($260 per night) but it was the cheapest we could find in the area.	
Nov 8 2005	A fantastic place to stay!	My husband, son, daughter, son-in-law, and I stayed at the SoLita SoHo while attending a Bar Mitzvah over the weekend reserving two rooms. The hotel has a great location as far as being able to walk to a variety of popular sites. The rooms are small but very organized with storage places for all your needs. The beds are extremely comfortable with down pillows &amp; blankets and obviously soft, expensive linens. There are modern touches throughout the rooms including a flat screen TV. Also, the gentleman at the front desk during our stay was always helpful and polite, answering our many questions and responding to any request quickly.	
Nov 7 2005	Vaguely trendy - but nothing too special	I usually stay at the Hudson when in NY - which I love, in spite of its tiny rooms - it gets everything else right. On this occasion though my business was down SoHo way, so I gave this hotel a try.What can I say? Its OK - but its not the Hudson, even though it would like to be (in a smaller way)! For a start, it has no bar and nowhere to eat. The rooms are tiny, and the flatscreen tvs are not top notch. Its a small hotel in a slightly out of the way location.....ie its in a rougher street than usual. But if you love the shops on Broadway (eg Dean &amp; Deluca etc) its very conveniently positioned for all the SoHo trendy places.Would I stay there again? Its relatively cheap I guess ($299) - but I think I'd spend a bit more and stay at the SoHo Grand next time I'm down this way.	
Oct 17 2005	Good location but noisy...	My husband and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago. The outside and the street area don't make it too inviting, but the location turned out to be really great. We had dinner reservations in Soho and it was so convenient to be just a quick walk away from the hotel. Little Italy is also just a few blocks away, which was nice.The main problem we had was the noise; we were on the 9th floor and the street noise was fairly loud, but understandable. It was the noise on our floor that was more irritating. There are only 4 rooms per floor so the hallways are tiny. There were also linen and electrical closets on our floor so we were constantly hearing keys jangling and doors opening and closing - VERY loudly. They have flat panel TV's attached to the wall. No matter how many times we tried to adjust the angle, the TV screen would fall to tilt downwards so my husband rigged it up somehow w/a pen cap. (This is not a huge deal seeing as we only watched it for a specific baseball game, but if you care about that sort of thing, it might be annoying.)I would definitely recommend this hotel for early risers who don't mind being woken up in the morning (or the afternoon) by all of the noise. You really can't beat the location for the price.	
Aug 23 2005 	Great location great little hotel	We just returned from a trip to look at New York University for my son. I hadn't been in the city in 25 years so I asked my travel agent to book something within walking distance of the university. I couldn't have been happier! This hotel is so well located, and more than that, it has the high-tech look that I love. From there we walked all over, even down to Battery Park and Ground Zero. The rooms are handsome and use space very efficiently. There wasn't much maneuvering room, but all the amenities are there -- hair dryer, tv, high-speed Internet, etc. I brought the wrong ethernet cable and the concierge gladly gave me one. There are a couple parking lots within walking distance too, if you have to have a car. One tiny problem was that the pipe in the shower began clanking just as the temperature got to the perfect point. You could stop it by making the temp a tad warmer or cooler. Otherwise, a fantastic place!	
Jun 23 2005 	Nice LITTLE hotel!	I stayed at the Solita SoHo from May 15-21, 2005. The hotel is small (only 4 rooms per floor), but it was relatively new, and modern. I traveled with a large group, and may people complained about the room size, but these were also people who had never been to NYC, and didn't understand that in NYC, space comes at a premium ($$$$)!The beds were very comfortable; the rooms have plasma screens because the rooms are so small. The bathroom was also nice. The bed linens were all white, the carpet was black, and the window coverings were gold. Each room comes with a robe and complimentary bottled water (they also leave a bottle of $8 water if you want to buy it). The high-speed internet onnection was free. The only drawback was the ONE elevator. We were on the 11th floor, but we never had to use the stairs. If you have trouble walking, you may want to request a room on a lower floor in case of an emergency - or you get tired of waiting for the elevator. The hotel is close to lots of shopping on Broadway and Canal Streets and restaurants - the place across the street should be for emergencies only...it's not all that. The subway is also close. If you travel alone or are cozy with your travel partner, you're good to go in these close quarters. I was with my sister, and we shared a room as kids, so it was no big deal for us.	
Jun 23 2005	Couldn't Ask for More!	My friends and I (mid-twenties) visited NYC for the day in the beginning of June. After we finished spending all our money shopping in Soho, we made our way to Chinatown for a quick lunch. The three of us decided to stay in the city for the night, instead of going home to New Jersey. We walked in to the Holiday Inn in Chinatown, but they were completely sold out, so they recommended us to The SoLita SoHo Hotel. Only two blocks away, we arrived to the brand new boutique hotel. The lobby is a trendy modern design with it's blue lights, chrome walls, and vibrant music. The young man at the front desk even ran to open the doors for us so we could fit through with all our shopping bags. I must say the staff, from front desk to housekeeping to management, were extremely helpful and friendly, and greeted us with warm smiles during the extent of our stay. As we entered our room on the 11th floor, the size wasn't much of a problem (what can you expect in NYC?) since we requested 2 double beds. The room's layout is perfect - everything you need is in the room. Plus, everything was comfortable and convenient including the plasma TV, double showerheads, marble bathroom, and wonderfully comfortable beds! I also loved the black carpet... the hotel is definitely bringing out the modern look. The price was $299, but it was worth it. Believe it or not, their rooms cost less than most hotels in the area. You get the best of 3 worlds - Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown. If you want to grab a bite, plenty of bakeries, stores and restaurants are within walking distance. The hotel is highly recommended for tourists, couples, friends, and students. Oh I forgot to mention that I thought I locked myself out of our room, but I put the key in the wrong way - I thought the light was broken so I called down to the front desk and they sent a copy up right away, before I could try it again. I guess that's a plus for a smaller hotel - you get more attention! I love everything about the SoLita SoHo Hotel and already have another room booked with my boyfriend for the end of August!	
Jun 20 2005	Great Place to stay! Location is perfect.	We stayed at the Solita Soho for 2 nights in June 2005 and had a wonderful time. The location is great, especially if you love to eat! Chinatown and Little Italy are at your doorstep. Shopping up Broadway is just a few blocks away. Greenwich Village is an easy walk. Staff is very accomodating and welcoming. Room is a bit small, but very clean and nicely furnished - loved the plasma TV and the double showerhead! The bed is also very comfortable.Street noise can get a bit bothersome, but with the air conditioning in operation, it was hardly noticeable. We had a problem with the elevator and had to climb 10 flights of stairs, but it wasnt as bad as it seemed. (Found out in better shape than we thought!) We booked for the Italian Festival and cant wait to return.	
May 24 2005	Great location and price!	We just stayed at this hotel over a long weekend. It was great value for the money. The hotel sits at the intersection of the Soho, Chinatown and Little Italy neighborhoods. A great French/Italian cafe/bakery where you can eat breakfast is just two blocks away on Grand. The rooms are contemporary and like a mini-W Hotel (love the Plasma TVs). I will definitely stay here again. Hint - Ask for a room that ends in &quot;22&quot; (e.g., 1022). These are rooms on the corner of each floor that are a little roomier.	
May 5 2005	Good Value	We stayed here for a week in April. The hotel is on the NW edge of Chinatown and is convenient to subways, shopping and restaurants. We were on the 7th floor and like other reviewers could hear and feel the trains running under the building. The rooms are small, but the bed was very comfortable, the internet access was broadband, the TV was LCD flat-screen and the double headed shower made me want one at home. The hotel is small, our floor had only four rooms. The staff is friendly and doesn't try for a tip ever time you turn around. I have two complaints. There are not enough hangers in the closet and the staff didn't have any extras. Also the black carpet was dirty and needed to be shampooed. Other reviewers have touted the pancake shop across the street for breakfast. We only tried it once. There are more interesting places within short walks nearby.	
Apr 19 2005	Small but clean!		
Mar 28 2005	A Great Little Hotel In New York		
Mar 15 2005	Loved this hotel!		
Jan 20 2005	Could not ask for more		
Jan 10 2005	Great Hotel		
Nov 24 2004	Great little Gem of a Hotel!		
Oct 30 2004	Excellent location and great rates		
Oct 22 2004	Excellent value in an overpriced area.		
Sep 28 2004	Soho Special!		
Aug 23 2004	Brand New - Very Clean		
Aug 18 2009 	Utmrkt hotell p Manhattan i New York		
Jun 9 2009 	Un hotel bueno en ralacin calidad-precio		
Jan 7 2009 	Nettes Hotel  schlechtes Management		
Oct 10 2008 	Hotel bien plac et propre		
Jun 15 2008 	Allez y sans hsiter !		
