Nov 22 2009 	Still working out the kinks	I took advantage of the rough draft special at Ink 48- 48% off normal rates. Note to those reading: the normal rates are incredibly high for a hotel located in a neighborhood of car dealerships (but relatively close to times square).I booked a junior suite and was housed on the 11th floor in an amazing gorgeous room. Note that despite being absolutely huge those rooms have only one moderate size window that looked out on the hudson river. The room had a gigantic soaking tub and an amazing shower. Unfortunately on my first morning in that room I was awoken to a loud jackhammering noise coming from the single window in my gigantic room. It turns out that they are actually still removing bricks (or something like that) from the rear of the building (and they were doing it to the floor below mine. I cannot believe that they would actually house me in a room that would be adjacent to that sort of work on at 8:45 on a Saturday morning. When I called the front desk I could not even hear what they were saying over the noise of the work.As a result of the mishap I was upgraded to a stunning (even more gigantic) full hudson river suite, which had walls and walls of windows. It was an amazing quiet room. If I were to book rooms again I would go with the full hudson river suite over the jr. suite. This hotel has to have some of the largest rooms in all of manhattan.All in all I probably would pick another hotel over Ink 48 because it was too much out of the way. I am still amazed that Kimpton would have jackhammers working outside an 11th floor suite, but the front desk handled the matter very well. I'm certain with time things will fall into place.	
Nov 22 2009 	Still being built but defintiely worth a stay!	The hotel is located a little out of the way (48th St/11th Ave), however this is only a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square so you are certainly not miles away from the action. At present there is still building work going on and the outside has some scaffolding around it. The restaurant is not open and parts of the interior are still being fitted out. We arrived at about 11pm after two very long flghts, the bell boy was excellent and escorted us to our room along with our luggage. We were checked in by reception within about 5 minutes and were given the choice of which floor we wished to stay on. The room was large by NYC standards and had the usual range of amenities. The only slight downside was the noise of the traffic through the window, I know it is a busy city however in a new build one would have expected better soundproofing. We paid half price for the room as part of the introcductory discount, I'm not sure I would be willing to pay full price for the room, however felt that we got a great deal. We were not disturbed by any building work throughout our stay. Overall a very pleasant stay with an excellent team of staff and very good rooms.	
Nov 21 2009 	I would go back in a heartbeat!!	As for many of the other reviews here, I stayed at INK 48 mainly for the great rate. I stayed for 5 nights and had a great time!I think that most people that have said that the hotel was out of the way..and this &amp; that..need to research more of the area and NYC before booking there hotels. You have to know that when you go to NYC there is alot of walking involved. Personally, I love the Hells Kitchen area.Also mentioned by many other people here, the service was amazing from the get go. From the Bell Staff and Front Desk. They were very friendly and went out of their was to help me with restuarant reccomendations and anything else that I needed. Kudos to all of them!My room was on a lower level facing 11th and also right across from the futherest elevator. That is the only feedback for the hotel that I have, is the noise from the elevator that starts early in the morning and the whistle for the taxi's. This is not Kimpton's fault, but the fault of the builders that these areas were not sound proofed. It doesn't help that I am a light sleeper and I also chose not to say anything about it or asked to be moved, as it didn't bother me enough to say so.The continental breakfast and afternoon wine service is a great add on. I was advised by the hotel that the restaurant onsite wouldn't be opened till at least mid december, which was fine for me. But they did give me a great option of the Market Diner which delivers 24/7 to the hotel. I ordered in several times and it was a great option if you didn't want to leave the hotel to eat.All and all, it was a great experience here at INK 48 with a great room/bathroom and fantastic service from all of the staff.Here are a couple fantastic reccomendations that were given to me for pre/post theatre dinners:Becco- ItalianRoom Service-ThaiI don't remember the exact locations, but they are in walking distance. I look forward to going back to INK 48 my next time in NYC, or trying one of the other Kimpton properties in NYC!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Mr. Kimpton Take a bow!	Wife and I stayed for 12 nights from Oct 7th onward, taking advantage of a very generous discount rate. Cannot speak highly enough of the quality of the accommodation, the excellent continental breakfast (free), the very welcome Happy Hour (free), and the friendly staff who tried so hard to meet everyone's expectations. Sure there were a few issues, mostly very minor in our case, but , &quot;Hey folks&quot;, that's why it's called &quot;rough draft&quot;, and why the special discount rates apply!The hotel is situated on 11th Ave (between 48th &amp; 49th), not in the heart of the tourist action, but with plenty of taxis available and a fairly frequent bus service operating along 49th &amp; 50th. Very convenient! Not an over-abundance of eateries nearby, but sufficient to meet most needs. Pom Pom and Market are two nearby diners which are of excellent quality, and a greater selection of family and more upmarket fare are all within a couple of blocks. Judging by the amount of building activity going on in Hell's Kitchen, it won't be too long before this &quot;not so trendy area&quot; becomes part of the mainstream of New York tourism. Enjoy the rates whle you can.	
Nov 20 2009 	E for Effort - Good value and friendly service if you don't mind a few rough edges....	I chose this venue for a last minute leisure trip because I like Kimpton Hotels in general and they were offering heavily discounted rates online. I did read the website in detail about some of the current work in process services and gave the hotel credit for being upfront about this.I booked a &quot;City View&quot; room which was supposed to have a soaking tub and a certain room size. I wanted these features because I was planning to have some in-room spa services (the spa is not yet open in the hotel itself).Since I was arriving late, I called the hotel to make sure they would have my room available and was assured it would be no problem.The hotel admittedly doesn't have much curb appeal or name recognition yet. Part of that is due to the scaffolding on the property and low-profile signage. Once you arrive, the reception from the front desk and bell personnel is very warm and down to earth. They made sure to hand out some material highlighting the services that weren't available (no restaurant, etc.) and how they were handling.Now for some of the rough edges:1. Valet parking is priced at $65/day even if you are only there an hour or two. There is no partial charge. This is something that should be made clear to unsuspecting guests.2. I was given a smaller room without a soaking tub. This room was on a corner facing more towards an industrial garage area. While the view was nice enough, this also turned out to be a pretty noisy location in the early morning for trucks loading and unloading.Once (1) and (2) were brought to the attention of the evening manager (Ray) he made an acceptable adjustment to the nightly room rate, since there were no other rooms available for me to upgrade to immediately.3. I dropped off a dry cleaning item I wanted returned the next day right after I checked in. The next evening, it still had not arrived. Ray had to track it down personally and made several calls to keep me informed. Happy ending, but I was still charged for the service anyway. Other hotels might have comped this for the inconvenience.Now on a positive note:The in-room spa services (especially Alma the skin/masseuse expert) were great. Alma did not have much room to work with given the smaller size but still did a terrific job. While the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; in the 4th floor lounge was not lavish (Marriott exec club lounges have a better quality spread) it was a convivial enough setting and I enjoyed having all the newspapers available to read.I didn't try the wine reception but that seemed very popular during my stay.The rooms are nicely decorated and comfortably furnished. Showers are HUGE with small sink/vanity - could have used a little balance there. Hallway interiors are darkly contemporary and could use a bit more lighting.Every employee was friendly, helpful and courteous.Taxis were plentiful and plenty of quick food options on 8th and 9th within a few blocks walk. For anything more luxurious, you probably need to cab it.I think once the construction is complete to the restaurant and spa this will be a great option for those who want to avoid the heavy tourist traffic and traditional chains. I probably wouldn't pay the regular rates that are being quoted for these rooms under the current conditions, but the discount offers make it a lot more appealing.	
Nov 20 2009 	unbelievably fantastic!	just superb, new, spacious, wonderfully located, incredible staff, from management to bell desk and valet. they're still finishing the upper floors/deck, but keep disruption to a virtually unnoticeable minimum. even the construction guys you occasionally bump into in the elevator are nice! hard to imagine how even nicer it will be when the facilities/deck open on the top floor, and more common areas on the ground floor. but it's luxurious already. views east, to midtown and times square, west to the Hudson and Intrepid, north up 11th ave. all the way to Canada. treat yourself! special thanks to Osama and Vincent, and everybody else too for professional, personal, excellence.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great Hotel but service is not polished	Just spent a night at the ink48 Kimpton hotel in NYC. I had to wait for a clean room for over 1.5 hrs in the lobby (even though it was past the normal check in time). The front desk was abrupt and not very hospitable. I have no complaints of the very stylish rooms. The suite I was checked into was very Hotel Palomar like with breathtaking views of the Hudson. Room service is dismal (to their credit, the restaurant is not open yet).	
Nov 16 2009 	Still Very Much In Rough Draft Phase	The potential of this hotel is very nice but if you are staying there in the coming months, be aware that it is still very much a work-in-progress. On the plus side, it is very nicely designed, beautiful, and very clean. As people have mentioned, the rooms are spacious and the bathroom is large. The windows are well insulated and you don't get much street noise at all.Where it fell short: The first few nights we were there, they were offering a full continental breakfast including yogurt, pastries, bagels with cream cheese and jam, granola, and juices. By the end of our stay, they had taken everything away from the menu except plain croissants with not even jam or butter. When we asked where the butter was, they said &quot;there is butter in the croissant. We have changed our menu.&quot; They even took the toasters away! That was upsetting. So be aware that they no longer offer a breakfast, per se.The drains in the sinks (we were in two separate rooms) didn't function well due to a design flaw. The ventilation/air condition system was absolutely bizarre and extremely loud. We were awakened on a few mornings at 7 AM by the sound of drills directly below our beds. Be aware as well that if you are traveling with older people, the walk to 11th Avenue is not as easy as you'd think. I used to live in NY so am used to walking, but for many people if you are in any kind of fragile condition, the location isn't ideal.All this being said, it's a nice place but I'd never pay the full price to stay there.	
Nov 14 2009 	Interesting special for NY	When I have spent a three day trip in NY early November 09 I flew in JFK very early in the morning and my plan was to jump on to circle line boots tour at 10.00 to have a NY must-do; the Circle line tour. When I arrived at 9.00 in the hotel certainly I couldn´t check in but was told that they try to do by 2.00 pm. Ultimately I was happy to get my key card about 1.00 pm two hours earlier than standard. For sure, the rooms are big, very big for NY (I had a superior w/ City view directly to Time Square). The bathroom alone is the size of my former Bed Room in the Milford Plaza. Though, it is a 10 mins walk in a very safe neigherhood to the Milford Plaza which is very close to Times Square. On my way to Times Square I have stopped to a small Italien Bakery every time to have delicious Italien bred and dolci. This Bakery is only 2 mins from Ink48. I was very much suprised when I came back to the Hotel on Friday afternoon at 4.35 pm as there was no room service at that time. Unfortunately, house keeping jumped in after a 10sec. waiting time when I was taking a shower about 5.pm. That does not work. I do not expect a totaly cleaned up room every day but what I like is a fresh made bed when you come back after an exhausting NY shopping/sightseeing day. But what I am telling you. Next day Housekeeping came at 9. am when I was having....a shower (again) - I told you big, very big nice w/ sand brickwork shower. Still, this is my only complaint and I am telling you because I have liked the Hotel Managers reaction on it. When Rachel asked what she can do I have asked for a very late check out at 6. pm the day I leave and it was no problem for her. OK. All in all. I can recommend for a reasonable price. When I stay in SF I usually also take the Kimpton with the red brick wall in the harbour and this a reasonable priced. So I believe they will have the right pricing policy when the special opening bargains stop. Reasonable would be from my point of view and taking the distance to the hot spots into consideration aprox. 500$ max. I can not say anything to the Hotels amenities as I have spent most of the time when being in the Hotel....taking a shower.	
Nov 11 2009 	What a Helpful and Accommodating Staff!	My husband and I stayed at INK48 for 7 nights (10/27-11/2) because of their soft opening rates, and were amazed at how helpful and accommodating the staff was to us. Our first room (12th floor) was bright (King deluxe), but when we could hear every word of our next-door neighbor's cellphone conversations, we were given a different room. We were moved down to the 9th floor, to a similar room (except we could see the cruise ships and the Hudson River), which was quiet (or maybe no one was in the room adjacent to ours).When I needed a small fridge to store meds (and food), they happily supplied it.When it rained, there was an abundant supply of umbrellas. When I hurt my foot our last night, one of the staff volunteered to bring me an ice bucket full of ice. A free New York Times paper was delivered to our room each morning (but I had to remind the front desk, because one morning it didn't appear). I was able to access free wi-fi on my laptop without any trouble.The fitness center wasn't open, yet - nor was the restaurant or rooftop bar, but they're both under construction and opening soon.There was a complimentary breakfast, where plain Fage yogurt and fresh fruit for those of us who don't eat pastries, bagels, or croissants were offered. I used the free hot water to make instant oatmeal (which I brought with me). The free wine reception each evening pleased my husband - especially because he was encouraged to bring his wine glass to our room.The front desk was unceasingly friendly. I mentioned needing directions to two places in SoHo - and they were printed out for me on the spot. When we asked for a room change, we weren't hassled or told there were no rooms available - we were told we'd be moved by the staff while we were out.The location is a bit off-the-beaten-track - but there's a delicious Sullivan Street Bakery around the corner on 47th Street, as well as a nice walk to subways, the bus on 10th Avenue, Broadway, and restaurants on 9th Avenue. We walked everywhere and felt quite safe at night when we returned to the hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great hotel friendly staff	We stayed at the Ink48 for our honeymoon at the end of October, first the staff was super friendly first look at the lobby the hotel looks beautiful!Our room we were on the 14th floor and we had a nice city view which was amazing!! There was plenty of room for our luggage and walking around, I liked that there was a vanity so I could get ready while sitting down in front a mirrow and a place to put all my cosmetics...needs a but more lighting though. We had 2 sinks in the bathroom a big shower with a rain shower and a HUGE bathtub... which I believe leaked because one of the staff members cam knocking on our door almost as soon as I started draining it and asked if our tub had over flowed, apparently was leaking in the room downstairs :( I am assuming they fixed the problem since I took a couple more baths during the week and no one came to see us.So we found we got a wicked deal because we got the room on the rough draft promotion but don't think I would book the same room for $500 a night when normal rates come in play.As for location, it was a nice 18 minute walk to time square and we walked along 49th/48th and 47th at night and we felt safer walking down 47th there was more lights and seemed to be more business than residental so less people outside on front steps and seemed to have more foot traffic. It was a $5 cab fair to time square then we would take the subway.... if you want to be close to everything this isn't the place but we enjoyed it as it was close enough and enjoyed the morning walk with a coffee.We would not stay at this hotel again for the simple fact that we wouldn't pay $500 a night for a room that's it.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Hotel; Bit Far from Transit	We stayed at the Ink 48 for 3 nights for the NYC Marathon. We paid the soft-opening rates ($190 for superior king city view). The hotel still had a few things in progress; including the restaurants and bar. Overall, it was a great stay. The rooms are VERY large by NYC standards. Plenty of room to move around, open suitcases, sit and read a book. The bathrooms are huge. Ours had a 2-person bathtub, separate shower and tons of floor space (guessing 12x15 size room). The room itself was very clean, modern and well appointed. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. We did not hear any noise from other rooms. Not sure I would pay more than $300 a night for this room, but excellent choice for the reduced rate we received. Near many restaurants too, but lacked easy access to subway.Pros:* Very clean* Staff was wonderful (moved us and discounted $150 when bathtub filled too slowly)* Rooms were HUGE!* 2 long blocks from Restaurant Row (9th Ave)* Excellent location for the NYC Marathon; few short blocks from the expo and a few short blocks from the finish lineCons:* Not near subway station. Was 4 long blocks from the nearest at 8th &amp; 50th [biggest negative!!!]* Regular rates are very pricey* Views for the river rooms not really spectacular. City views are much better.* Still a few things not done (restaurant, carpet runners at front desk were tripping hazards)	
Nov 7 2009 	Fantastic staff chic rooms surprisingly convenient location	Stayed at Ink 48 for four nights for a short business trip in early October. We booked a Junior suite, but changed rooms to a City View the second night. The staff was incredibly accommodating about our switch, and even showed us available rooms and their views and layouts so that we could choose which we liked best.We are spoiled travellers and are accustomed to nice hotels. Any of the rooms in this hotel would be nice to stay in, but we're getting pickier in our old age. The problem with the junior suite, was that it was a riverview (I use that term loosely) room. The unfortunate layout of the Junior suite is such that the only window in the room is around a corner from where the bed is, and can't be seen from the bed, desk, or entry area. It is visible from the couch, but I never tend to use the couch in a suite. That being said, the room is well decorated, and well appointed, and I've had apartments that were smaller than the bathroom in that suite (seriously, big bathroom). When they switched our room to a city view room on the 14th floor, it was a smaller room, but still a good size, andthe view was spectacular. Well worth the switch!The location is deceptively close to things. I was concerned when I saw it on a map that it might be a haul to the theater district, etc. but it is a short walk. There are plenty of excellent restaurants near the hotel, as Hell's Kitchen has become quite the restaurant row. Most importantly, the staff was gracious and helpful. They gladly dragged my picky self around to several rooms to select the one that I liked the best (when, really all of the rooms are quite nice) and even allowed my husband to print something off of his email on their printer behind the front desk. We'll definitely look here next time business takes us to New York.	
Nov 6 2009 	great hotel!	We had a marvellous stay at Ink48 for 4 nights. We had booked a room on the higher floors, bur when we arrived 10:30 pm we got a room on the 4th floor. Thet didn´t have any other available. We slept in that room for 1 night, and the next day when we came back from sightseeing our bags were moved to another room on the 10th floor - great service!The complimentary breakfast where way over our expectations! The staff were very serviceminded, and the room was wonderful!	
Nov 6 2009 	:: Good despite the location ::	If you're young, already know the city and got the rough draft discount, Ink48 is a must.I took the discount rate and I was there from 9 to 15 October. I can say that the staff is the big difference, cares about you and does everything so that you feel good. They are polite - and considerate! The bellboy told me that water out of the minibar was not complimentary and cost around $7 (do they read the complaint posted in this site? hehehe).We stayed at the 10th floor, overlooking the Hudson River side. The facilities are brand new, towels although many still show the VU Hotel logo (must be changed). We had a comfortable restful nights in a king size bed with several pillows, just one day we heard the whistle of a ship at 6am.While the L'Occitane amenities with the delicious shower invigorate the body, the afternoons of wine relax the soul bringing people together in a great atmosphere, almost like a community.Not the best place for first time visitors, couples old and those with small children, especially in winter, since it is out of the loop - theater / food / metro / shops - you will depend of the hard to find NYC Taxis or have a pleasant and cold walk to the nearest subway station (50th at 8ave).I think the hotel is a promise in the city if the neighborhood is developed better. A minibus shuttle (Ink48 &lt;-&gt; Muse Hotel) could be deployed to ease the path of the guests of both hotels, or if they want to go from Ink to theaters or from the Muse to the charming restaurants at 9th Avenue.For a good price this is an awesome stay, but I think for the full price you can get best choices in the city.	
Nov 6 2009 	Close to Javits convention ctr	I agree with the previous postings--great, hip hotel. Gritty neighborhood but perfect if you are going to a convention at Javits--it's a quick walk. Got the 1/2 price soft opening rate, so splurged on the Cityview king studio for $250/night. Wow--what a view! Studio was much larger than the posted photos of the standard rooms. 2 sinks in the open, tub in the open, giant rain shower, etc. Since it is a studio, there is a lack of privacy regarding the bathroom--everything is open. But it was the largest hotel room I've ever had in NYC. Quiet, too considering I was only on the 11th floor. The fitness room was open. It's minor, but they had only 3 headphones plugged into each treadmill. I may be naive, but I hope that hotels are sanitizing them when they put them out again. Doesn't seem the case here, and there's an ick factor with the swine flu scare. They also offer bottled water there. While nice, you'd think Kimpton would have a big jug (greener). Staff was great. Hotel offered free bagels/coffee/juice since the restaurant wasn't open, which was a nice touch. Bar is gorgeous--I assume it will be a hit once open. There is scaffolding over the building currently, so they've put a big banner for improved signage over the front. Cabbies had no trouble seeing it. Kimpton does it again. The rates seem to be rising fast on the website--hope they hold it down so my company will allow me to stay there again!	
Nov 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel.	Loved it. The room was great, the 48% off was an amazing deal considering you get everything except for room service/restaurant and pool. The staff were the nicest we encountered at all of the hotels we stayed out. Love the Kimpton touch of the 'wine hours' too, it really creats a sense of community. We will be back for sure. Can not recommend more highly.	
Nov 4 2009 	Not a Bad Soft Opening	Just stayed for one night on business. The hotel is still going through its soft opening, so there is no restaurant or bar open yet. There is nice little fitness center open, however. The city room view we nice. It was not extremely large, but the bathroom was very big and well appointed. There were nice bath products as well., The room had a nice, interesting design with a column from floor to roof in one part of it. The bed was comfortable. The location is not that bad as it is just a 15 minute walk to Times Square with plenty of restaurants/bars in between. I liked the &quot;soft carpet&quot; on the back walls of the elevators that surprised me when I leaned into it each time. They will likely need to keep the rates reasonable once the soft opening is over. The staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 2 2009 	not the usual Kimpton	Just returned from a four night stay with my husband. Like other guests, I was somewhat surprised by the location. Looking out my window at an Acura dealership is a little weird.The hotel is pretty nice overall-but I wholeheartledly agree with some of the comments made earlier. We were startled awake one morming by a business man speaking very loudly to someone in his company. I thought he was in our room, it was so loud! And I also agree with the comments on the window coverings-what is with those wonky blinds???The hotel is very dark-like the neighbourhood. I found it too far out of the way. We love to walk , but 20 minutes every trip to get &quot;anywhere&quot; got a bit boring. However, having said all that, you still get the wonderful Kimpton service. Stephanie was the manager on out trip, and she solved a miriad of problems with grace and humor. I wouldn't stay here again-but I would definitely go back to The Muse.Love the chain-just not in love with Ink 48.	
Nov 2 2009 	Clean trendy and convenient	Hotel staff was courteous, knowledgeable about the city, and competent at managing our baggage after checkout. Our room was unique and though it wasn't very efficient use of space, we enjoyed the enormous bathroom complete with complimentary l'occitane products. We slept wonderfully on the luxurious bed that had high thread-count sheets, a down comforter, and several pillows of different thicknesses from which to choose.Hotel is within walking distance of Times Square which was our hub for bus touring. My only complaint is the lack of signage on the outside of the hotel. That made it a little hard to identify on foot and we didn't realize we had arrived until we were directly in front of the doors.	
Oct 29 2009 	Something different and a great new option	As frequent NY travellers who normally stay on the East side, 11th Avenue was something new for us. The West side is slowly regenerating and new companies moving in like the big advertising agency just relocated opposite Ink48 will help to accelerate this. However, the area is still a long way from being trendy (11th Avenue is a car showroom strip) and it's poorly served by the subway.The hotel, however, is a delight and we agree with the previous reviewers. We stayed in a Hudson Suite overlooking the river and it's a great space with a big bathroom. There are some design weaknesses (virtually no drawer space and the myriad of blinds to pull each night and morning are a pain - they should be remote controlled!) but this is being picky as it's all rather lovely with the floor to ceiling windows giving a huge feeling of light and space. All the staff are friendly and helpful but a special mention to Stephanie the Front Desk Manager who went the extra mile to please us when we had a problem and Staling the Bellman who was always there to greet us with a smile.We were on the 'rough draft' rate and it was amazing value for money. However, when the full rate kicks in I think they need to be mindful of the location as it's not the most attractive part of town. If they price it right we will definitely return - no question.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great new addition to NYC hotel scene	My girlfriends and I stayed at Ink48 for a long weekend in early October. Excellent experience from beginning to end. The room was well-designed (and large bathroom for NYC standards) and very comfortable. The lobby was gorgeous. I hear there's a roof lounge with hot tub in the works, but it wasn't open when we were there. I imagine it will be a real hot spot once it's open. But the real standout was the fantastic service. Rochelle, the manager on duty when we were there, was awesome. She went out of her way a couple of times to help us out. As for location...it's about as far west as you can get, but it's only a few blocks from Time Square yet not smack dab in the middle, which if you're like me, is a good thing because that scene's a little too much. You can get downtown easily by hopping a cab and jumping on the West Side Highway, which was really convenient.I travel to NYC on business frequently and plan to make this my home away from home.	
Oct 26 2009 	Sleek building with rooms well designed for eavesdropping	This modern, clean, comfortable hotel with excellent river and city views has a lot going for it. However, a mind-boggling design oversight, remarked upon by many other recent visitors, has me feeling very frustrated after a recent visit. The area adjacent to the windows separating your room from both of your neighbors conveys sound as if the sound from adjacent rooms was actually happening in yours. On a three night stay, I was treated to:1) an extended phone conversation by one neighbor pleading for money from a parent, 2) a prolonged hostile argument between spouses, and 3) the persistent crying and regular screaming of a babyThe crying baby kept me up most of the night. Every word of neighboring phone conversations comes through loud and clear.When asked “how was your stay?” very pleasantly by the front desk person at checkout I described this design flaw, and her response was, “we’re very sorry, can I offer you a cup of coffee or glass of water?” Proximity to the theater district, pleasant interactions with considerate professional staff, a reasonably sized exercise room, and great views are amenities that are appreciated while they last, but a good night’s sleep after a busy day in New York is worth much more. If a semblance of privacy and a good night’s rest are priorities for you, I’d strongly encourage you to look for another option.We paid $300/night for a king view room, but others have found rates under $200/night. I can’t imagine this place ultimately garnering the full rates it is presently listing. If a quaint or at least interesting neighborhood location is important, I’d also encourage you to use Google Map’s street view feature in advance. The non-descript stretch of an otherwise reasonably-interesting Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood in which the hotel is located is laced with nothing other than car dealerships.	
Oct 23 2009 	When it's completely finished this will be an amazing hotel	This was my first visit to NYC and I came with my boyfiend and his sisters to celebrate the birthday of their oldest sister who lives just outside New York. I was slightly apprehensive about staying in an unfinished hotel - the scaffolding outside when we drew up had us worried! But from the moment we stepped inside, the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. Our 11th floor room was huge and the view from the window was breathtaking. The shower was fabulous - just the thing to perk you up when jetlag threatened to take over.The bed was enormous and very comfortable and we really appreciated the ipod dock. We had a few glitches with lights and door locks but the staff helped out incredibly quickly - and we were never disturbed by the building work going on to finish the top floors.As for its location - at only 10 mins from the subway and central Manhatten we couldn't fault it. I want to come back and have breakfast on the roof - can't wait for that to be finished!So thank you INK48 for making our stay so memorable.	
Oct 23 2009 	Splendid views	Stayed 3 nights at the brand new hotel. Got a Cityview king studio for 175$ and it was a bargain. The room a nice and big and well furnished. The views from my window were breathtaking. Getting up in the morning and being able to see the skyline was just perfect. As for the neighbourhood I liked Hells Kitchen a lot. Staying in Hells kitchen gives you an oppurtunity to see a part of the real new york - there are not that many tourist and the walking distance to Times square is 10-15 minutes. But the nicest thing about the hotel was the very friendly staff. When everybody is so friendly it is not a coincidence. it is simple Hotel policy - and thanks for that !	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Room	Great room for the money! Staff greeted us by name! Great view and will definitly be back...	
Oct 16 2009 	Kimpton Hotels never dissappoint	My husband and I almost had to stay at another hotel chain, but INK 48 opened in time for our trip.We were greeted with smiles and glasses of wine. Our view of the Hudson was great. There is a deli/coffee shop one block away. Room and bathroom are roomy for NYC.	
Oct 14 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	We enjoyed our recent 3 night stay at Ink48 very much. We were in a Junior Suite facing the river on an upper floor. The room was very large especially by New York standards (from my limited experience, this was my 3rd time to NY) and the bed comfortable. The staff were very friendly and made us feel welcome. The value under the rough draft promotion is undeniable. There are several things they will need to polish up if prices are to increase to the levels I've seen posted on their site. They are working out the kinks but they are evident (the towels and robe still have the previous hotel concept name &quot;VU&quot; on them from before Kimpton took over the project, there was only one robe in the room, one day they neglected to empty the trash...just little things for the most part). The room was quite large, especially the bathroom, it was huge. The whole suite was poorly lit though which was a little odd, I didn’t mind but my girlfriend found the lighting dim for makeup and would have liked a full length mirror somewhere in the room (they certainly had space). The placement of towel racks and in the bathroom was odd forcing one to walk across the room from the sink to get a hand towel for instance and no hook by the shower for towels. Loved the double vanity and large tub though. The location we quite liked but it is not in the centre of things. Very reasonable walk to times square and theatres, easy access to a bunch of restaurants along 46th and 9th, easy to grab cabs. The closest subway is about 10-15 minute walk though so that might be a downside to some. Wireless Internet Access was free which was nice. Overall I thought it a very good value and the staff were a highlight.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great hotel absolutely wonderful staff!	My sister and I stayed here over this Columbus Day weekend. We loved the location as it was just 2-3 blocks from our brother's apt. We are walkers and walked everywhere - even all the way to Greenwich Village. The staff was without doubt the nicest, friendliest and most helpful I have ever encountered and I used to work in the hotel industry. Stalin at the door was wonderful! It was great to be greeted with smiles from the doormen and front desk no matter what time of day we entered.My only beef is that I made the reservation months ago and specifically asked for an upper floor to avoid street noise and was given a room on the 5th which was not high enough. Seeing other reviews it looks as if I should have insisted on another room but other than that, the stay was great.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice 1st impression	&quot;We've upgraded you!&quot; Who doesn't love hearing that! I booked a Cityview Premier King under the Rough Draft opening rate. The &quot;upgrade&quot; was to a 14th floor suite.... but overlooking the river. I appreciated the upgrade, but after a number of visits to NYC, we'd never had a city view (usually a brick wall view). Michelle at the front desk seamlessly changed us to an 11th floor Cityview Jr. Suite. We didn't regret giving up a larger suite for this room--it had GREAT unobstructed views of Times Square overlooking 11th Ave. (however, the hotel is JUST at the wrong angle to see recognizable buildings like the Empire State or Rockefeller Center)Oh.. and the bellman was incredibly friendly and apologetic after we entered the 14th floor suite to see it was 1. a river-front (which wasn't what we'd wanted) AND 2. that housecleaning still hadn't refreshed it from the previous guest! The staff is definitely the star of the hotel--even if they're just passing you or waiting at the elevator with you, they're striking up a natural, unforced conversation.After staying at the Hudson Hotel (near Columbus Circle) a number of times with their postage-stamp sized bathroom, it was great having a double sink, shower AND tub. (The shower alone at Ink was the size of the Hudson's entire bathroom).I've seen complaints here about ink 48's location. We found it GREAT! You walk down 48th street and in a few blocks you're right in the middle of Times Square. We were in the city for a concert at MSG--we walked to and from there. We walked another day up to Rockefeller Center, then up 5th Avenue and through Central Park (up to 72nd street). It was also great to walk through neighborhoods like Hell's Kitchen instead of staying directly in the midst of tourist central. We stopped into quite a few local neighborhood stores (read: they didn't carry &quot;I heart NY&quot; shirts!) It was a great taste of local flavor. Although I didn't get a chance to utilize it this visit, I liked the &quot;runner's map&quot; they had to show you great routes and distance markers along the river bike path for 2, 3 or 6 mile runs.The complimentary breakfast (bagels, croissants, coffee and juice) was a nice move.Room for improvement: The room rate was supposedly 48% off for the &quot;rough draft opening.&quot; I booked for two nights at $265 a night. I think charging $500-$700 per night that I'm seeing on their rate calendar is simply insane. I've stayed at a Ritz-Carlton for MUCH less than their non-discounted rates. And although it's a nice hotel, it's NO Ritz-Carlton. They need to revise their full-price rates to be realistic. Although I have no complaints about service or accommodations, $265 is, hands-down, the most I'd spend to stay there again...and, $265 is hitting the ceiling of what I'd pay.Also, small complaint: we could hear our neighbors raise and lower their blinds. it seems that to accommodate large windows, the walls are thinner near the window area. Nothing worse than hearing neighbors next door to ruin the feelings of privacy in your room!I parked on my own at a garage a block away (at 49th St and 10th ave.) for $27 per day. I did that because I couldn't see the valet rate on their website. ... A good move considering another reviewer said valet was $65 per day. I'm sure with that $65 rate, the valet probably parked cars in the same garage that I was in!And I agree with another reviewer who commented about the water bottle. The last few hotels I've stayed (and of comparable price points) have offered free bottled water. it seems to be a trend now in hotels. At Ink 48, there was a liter of Poland Springs on the shelf next to two glasses. Totally not even near the mini-bar. We thought it was complimentary... until on our last day, I looked at the mini-bar price list and saw that it was $7. They should put a note ON the bottle instead of burying the price in the snack drawer.To summarize: Great hotel. Super friendly staff top-to-bottom, moderately spacious for NYC hotels with great views of city and river/NJ. The &quot;48% off&quot; rate is what they should charge all the time. $65 valet per day is off the charts insane. I'd stay there again if I got a rate comparable to (or slightly less than) what I paid last weekend.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good value	I've never been to NYC before so I cannot compare rooms to other hotels. I can say, however, that as far as hotels go, it was better than average for the price. It is about a 15-20 minute walk from Times Square but only 10 minutes from the theaters. We stayed on the 8th floor facing the city and there was city noise but we were so tired from walking all day, it didn't wake us at night. The lighting in the bathroom is not great for make up but they do have a magnifying mirror. If you drive, beware: the valet is $65/day. Don't let them take your car, otherwise they will charge you $65 regardless if they have it for 5 minutes or 23.5 hours. Get a parking spot down the block for $20. The hotel parking is ludacris and they need to come down off their price.The staff is nice and accommodating. The customer service is top notch.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good at the sale price but not if your room is $600+	We decided to stay at Ink48 because they were offering a half-price deal during their initial opening. The night we stayed the hotel had only been open for a few days. The staff are friendly and genuinely interested in guest comfort. The bed was comfortable and the room was immaculate. Many items branded with the old VU logo, so not all is new at this purportedly NEW hotel.We were promised a room on the 12th floor when we had our car parked in the a.m. (The valet was a great guy and the $55 charge is on par with other places) but when we went to check in it wasn't yet ready so we got a 4th floor room. Not sure why they couldn't explain this or why they wouldn't let us wait until the room was ready. They seemed eager for us to take the 4th floor room. Most of the lobby cordoned off during the day for some odd reason so there were only a handful of chairs for guests to sit in.I would NEVER consider paying the regular price of $600 for the room we stayed in. The $300 sale price tag is comparable with other rooms in NYC and is a decent value while it is being offered. I hope they are offering full price payers a lot more. Even with the L'Occitane toiletries and LG HDTV on the wall, you can do just as well elsewhere. Hell's Kitchen will be a great neighbourhood someday, but the sketchy factor is definitely still there and there isn't much in the direct area. You can walk pretty easily to Restaurant Row or to Times Square if that is your thing...	
Oct 12 2009 	Amazing! Can't wait to return!!	We stayed at Ink48 for 3 nights in September 2009, and as the first guests we were given the most amazing welcome!!On arrival, there were about 10 members of staff to greet us, we were presented with a beautiful gift of guide books, biscuits, a beautiful vase of flowers, and an upgrade to two connecting room!The hotel is gorgeous, very funky and trendy, as said before the restaurant, gym and bar areas were not yet finished, but this did not detract from how fabulous our stay here was. Our rooms were spacious, huge light airy windows, with the most amazing views of NYC!! Just perfect for our first time visit. The bathrooms were big, very clean, and the shower was fantastic. Also very appreciated was the complimentary L'Occitane toiletries, which were replenished every day. The maid service was brilliant, the rooms were cleaned everyday, and were left spotlessly clean.The staff at the hotel were beyond doubt the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered - especially Sam, Suzanne, and all of the concierges. The first morning we missed breakfast, and this was brought down to us in the lobby, even thought it had finished over half and hour before! Any advice or information we needed was attended to straight away.As previous people have said, the hotel is situated about 10 minutes walk to Times Square, and its no problem to hail a taxi outside. We never felt unsafe walking about at night, however we stuck to main roads, as we would do in any area at night. Yes there is noise from the street - taxis, car horns, fire engines, but your in NYC, it all just added to the experience for us!!We cannot wait to return, hoping to book again for next September!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great for the current price location has some pro's and con's	First trip to NYC and recently stayed here. We found the staff willing to work with you, trying to learn the neighbourhood and outgoing. The rooms are a good size, the view of Time Square makes you appreciate you are not staying right in the core, yet the walk at times can add 20 minutes to any reservation. Taxi's are always an option, yet walking is a great way to see and understand the city. The surrounding neighbourhood is safe, just not upkept. The price is worth the trade off on location.	
Oct 8 2009 	New and good can be great when kinks worked out	Stayed in hotel over a weekend only a few days after it opened. Overall we had a good experience. The hotel is still very new so amenities like the gy, restaurant and business center are still being set up. We liked the location as it was a little out of the way and hence you avoid the craziness of the crowds. However, if you like being close to Times Square then that is about a 10-15 mins walk away. The nearest subway station is also about 10 mins away. We like walking so those were not issues for us. We spent a couple of nights in a room on a lower floor facing the street and the street noise was definitely very high. So, if possible, get a room on the higher floor. Of course, this is an issue with almost every hotel in a busy area. The next couple of nights they shifted us to a higher floor room on our request and that one was fabulous. Great river view, decent space (hard to find in NYC), nice layout, and a great bathroom. The staff was definitely trying very hard to make up for the growing pains of the hotel and went out of their way to be nice and friendly. Lastly, we did get a discounted rate and hence the value for money was great. Though at full rate this hotel would definitely need to have all the kinks worked out as there are many other near-luxury options available.	
Oct 8 2009 	Sophisticated funky boutique hotel with top notch service	My fiancee and I planned a long weekend in NYC to meet with friends and have some engagement photos taken. When I began researching hotels, I saw that Ink48 was offering a generous discount (almost 50% off!) on their room rates due to the fact that the hotel restaurant was still under construction...and what a deal! The room was A-MAZING - just like the website photos, clean, HUGE bathroom, marble floors, fantastic city view, quiet, luxurious white/red/chocolate brown decor (and zebra-striped robe to match), with L'Occitane bath products (freshy supplied each day). The front desk was prompt, friendly and professional. The doorman was knowledgeable, funny and attentive. They even allowed us to use some of the roped-off areas for our engagement shots - the lobby is just gorgeous and the bar area and seating areas served as a lovely backdrop to some of our photos.Not to mention, the price. 48% off? A total bargain. I was a little worried that we would be in the middle of a hard hat zone at that price point. We never heard any construction noise and, to make up for the fact that the hotel restaurant was not yet operational, they offered very reasonably priced room service selections. Other pleasing points about this hotel? Location: a block from the piers and in Hell's Kitchen, with no shortage of restaurants/bars/clubs and within walking distance to shopping, Times Sqaure and the Empire State Bldg. Room amenities: a bathtub so big you could do laps in it, a shower with rain soaker AND handheld shower controls, double sinks with huge vanity/mirror, additional vanity area outside bathroom with stool and mirror, plasma television, cool funky lighting fixtures and a big, comfortable hotel room. Not at all cramped like the W, and not cookie-cutter like, well, everything else out there. A truly unique, funky, sophisticated hotel with excellent service. Need I say we'll be back?	
Oct 6 2009 	Extremely desapointed	Just stayed 4 nights and at US$ 200.00 it is not the worst choice, however poor location and definitely over rated. They are offering for free a breakfast which was terrible and made me fell as if I was in one of those cheap motels. Not even gonna mention the cheap wine on their free wine tasting. If you are used to 4 stars deluxe hotels, this is not the right choice.	
Sep 30 2009 	New stunning hotel near heart of Manhattan	I rented eight rooms at Ink48 because the hotel was brand new, and they were running awesome promotion for that week. I mean where can you find a 4 star hotel in NYC for under $170?Once inside the hotel you are enveloped in the pleasant and friendly atmosphere. The hotel is decorated with taste, the staff is helpful beyond the call of duty, the rooms are a just mesmerizing. Of course we had some small kinks here and there (one of the rooms had a broken lock, but it was fixed within the hour) but all in all everything else was really top notch. Oh, and the night city view is stunning (just hope you're on the higher floors) This is really my new favorite hotel for out of town guests because it will impress.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Service	I spent 2 nights at the new Ink 48. It had only been open a few days, so gym, restaurants, etc not open yet. I agree with other reviewer that it is a little bit out of the way, but I went on a run each morning and felt perfectly safe, and it's an easy walk to Times' Square. My only complaint is that they charge $7 for the bottle of water they leave on the dresser, with no mention that it is part of the honor bar. My room was very nice with a great view of the Hudson River and some of the NYC skyline, but what really stood out was the service, from the front desk staff to the doormen, to the dining staff, they all went out of their way to be friendly and of service. One morning, I was taking food from the continental breakfast back to my room and the dining room attendant saw me and rushed to open the door for me, then followed me to the elevator and pushed the elevator button, and proceeded to wait for the elevator and push the floor button for me. One night our toilet appeared to be clogged. I called down to front desk and within 5 minutes someone had come and fixed the problem. One night we went down and inquired about tea or decaf coffee. The dining staff reported that they had no coffee pots and no microwaves to heat water, but offered to go out and get us some. We declined saying it was no problem and went back to our room. About 20 minutes later, Laura, the in-room dining staff knocked on our door with a tray of tea bags, hot water and muffins! Truly remarkable. When I return to NYC, I will definitely look forward to returning to Ink 48.	
Sep 29 2009 	Hipster Sylish Boutique Hotel	We spent one night this past weekend at Ink48 and had a fantastic time. It started off a little rocky as I had reserved a Hudson River Suite and a standard king. To my dismay they had no record of my Hudson River Suite at the front desk but just two standard rooms. I showed them the reservation through my iphone and they were very apologetic and worked hard to come up with a solution. The Hudson River Suites were all occupied but they gave us a Studio King at a highly discounted rate (moreso than the promotional rate) that I couldn't argue. As soon as I entered the room I quickly forgot about the mishap. The view of the city from the floor to ceiling window was absolutely amazing. Because you are a couple blocks from most other high rises there are no obstructions.I found the location to be perfect as it was slightly removed from the insanity but only a few blocks away. We never once got a cab and walked to Times Square, Restaurant Row, Theatre District, Hell's Kitchen, etc. The room was very modern and simple with a cool fresh vibe. We also really enjoyed the wall of shoeshine bristles in the elevators. Dissapointed that the rooftop lounge was not open as I can imagine it will be quite an amazing view.Overall this was a great time despite the initial mishap. I'm not sure I'll be able to afford the hotel once they move over to regular rates but if you can, I say go for it.	
Sep 27 2009 	First time in NYC	We had a Hudson view room which was perfectly clean and comfortable. The only downside to the proximity of the river is the cruise ships &quot;announcing&quot; their departure at 6 AM by sounding their horns! Also the garbage trucks emptying the dumpsters VERY early in the morning....what unpleasant and unwanted wake-up calls! On Friday night we brought some beverages to our room and placed them in the ice bucket. When we returned from touring the city on Saturday, the ice bucket AND our remaining beverages were gone. The front desk was quick to replace what was taken (and added a few more) as well as two glasses of wine. This was greatly appreciated and hopefully is an isolated incident. Although the hotel is new and beautiful, the staff friendly and efficient, I'm not sure if I would stay there again...the noise from the cruise ships' horns that early in the morning was too much for me.	
Sep 26 2009 	Hip and Helpful	We enjoyed our roughdraft test stay of the INK48! Suzanne at front desk was excellent on arrival. We got there well before checkin time and a room wasn't available so we dropped our bags and when I returned to check in later, she then remembered where I'd gone touring and asked me about it AND further, she put a list together of some restaurant suggestions after our conversation of what type food we were craving. Also Jose was very helpful with making sure I liked our room and offering tips for finding restaurant row and how to get around area. Obviously much care has gone into hiring great staff. High compliments to INK48 for swiping the best folks from the area hotels!The room was great. I checked out a room on front of 11th street with view out to Times Sq (great for city lights) but settled on a side room with both hudson and city view. We also snuck up to see the penthouse rooms being built with full glass views and rooftop - they will be amazing. The shower in our room was fantastic. One of best hotel showers ever. I will try to attach pic. Lobby is funky with small nooks to tuck away into and temporary location of breakfast is fine in 4th floor meeting room (though meeting room seemed very dark). We had a great stay, thanks!	
Sep 22 2009 	interesting	Stayed at the ink 48 this past Saturday night for one night under their rough draft prices since the hotel had just opened two days before and the restaurants, spa and room service had not started yet.the hotel is on the west side on 10th ave which is great for me but not a a good location for some if you need to be in the middle of the crazy action and crowd of times sq. The area is quite and a little shady late at night in that it is pretty deserted and the side streets are a little dark, but is is pretty safe. It's a great location for grabbing a cab to get around since there is less traffic and your trip time is reduced.The staff was great and very helpful even as you can tell they are still learning this hotel themselves. They even went out at 2am to get me an apple juice from a local store. that was very nice.The rooms are very nice... We had booked a Hudson suite which was nice and had a good view of the Hudson even though there are some eyesore building blocking some of the view... still it is a very good view.the room is large with some stylish but comfortable furniture and no pull out sofa for the extra space that would make the room nice for two couples.We were the first to stay in the suite which was cool, but the room had not been dusted in a long time and there was a lot of dust that had accumulated since the construction. It wasn't a big deal since the room is so pretty.the bathroom was huge with a walk in shower and a separate huge deep soaking tub that was a little dirty and had a broken drain plug. Again, not a big deal but this is a new room that they will want $500-$700 for a nite later next month and beyond.Plenty of closet space, only one robe though, I pod docking station would not accept an I phone which is weird....it would only take the Nano..... There is a funky shade/curatin system that takes forever to adjust because you have to pull they cords that are hard to grip. We had one break which meant we could not raise the shade rest of the stay and the combo does not darken the room. In the morning the room is super bright which would bother some.There is also a lot of sound/conversation that comes in the room from the vents in the bathroom which was kinda strange too.All in all.. at a discount rate, this hotel is a great deal but at higher prices and smaller rooms I am not so sure.	
Sep 21 2009	Ink 48 Review	Stayed at the new Ink 48 hotel this past Saturday for one night.The hotel had just opened two days before and it was kind of cool to be the first to stay in a room. I had reserved the Hudson River Suite under the rough draft rates which was advertised to be 48% off their future rates. I have since seen this room go for $700 later this year.The hotel is located a little out of the way on the west side. If your goal or desire is to be in the middle of midtown, this is not the place you want. If you don't mind a quite area that is a little creep early in the morning and evening and without so many tourists, then this is a good spot. I am from NY so I am not worried about being a little out of the way. It is much easier to hop a cab and get uptown or downtown without so much traffic.The exterior of the hotel is rather dumpy as they are still doing construction. The lobby is nice with a lounge feel to it but no view to speak of. The front desk and staff were excellent and even went out at 2am to get me an apple juice that I had requested. The gym, spa and restaurant are not open yet, but that was not an issue for me.The Hudson Suite is 600 sq ft and rather beautiful. The bathroom is very nice with a walk in shower and a huge and deep soaking tub. The shower is tricky to use but pretty nice.The tub, like most of the room was a little dusty and not very clean considering no one had ever stayed in the room. It was like they constructed the room weeks or more ago and then dust accumulated everywhere. Not a huge problem, but noticeableThere were floor to ceiling windows that faced the Hudson which gave a good view that was not spectacular. The building across from the hotel is a building with a bunch of trucks parked on the roof that was an eyesore. The intrepid and cruise ship also blocked the Hudson view a little but it was still nice.The curtain/shade combo on each window was a pain to lift up and down. You have to pull these slippery chains to lift the curtain and then another to lift the shade. One chain broke which left a huge curtain blocking the view for the stay. The combo also does not eliminate light so in the morning the room will be quite bright. There should be a better system in place and there should be black out curtains too.Noises easily travel through vents esp. in the bathroom where conversations from another room? maybe were sometimes annoying which is something I do not expect in a room that is billed to be so great.I do not see how the hotel will be able to justify the cost of the room with several flaws in the design of the room from the curtains, to uncomfortable , but stylish furniture, a 600 ft two room suite with no sofa bed in the extra room which would make the room nice for more than two people, a brand new ipod dock that will not let you dock an I phone which is weird... only the nano would dock, bathtub was dirty and the drain was broken, one robe instead of two, a huge bathroom, but the toilet should be enclosed for privacy and out of the way location.There was also a tacky list of items that you could buy from the front desk in case your forgot something. Some items were free and some were $2-$4 which was tacky, imo, because with the price you are paying to stay in such a suite, they should just give you little items like floss free instead of charging you. Water and some simple bar items should also be included if you are paying the $500-$700 a nite they want for this roomThe room did have nice artwork, good lighting and design but was not a cozy room if that is what you like.For a good price this is an awesome room, but when they expect to get $500 or more for this room, there are just too many other options in NY.this hotel is promising, but they have a ways to go before they are up to full speed. With that said, if you can get a rate under $350 then this is a pretty good optionthanks for reading	
Nov 20 2009 	Très bel hôtel		
Nov 18 2009 	Fantastico hotel maravilloso personal atencion impecable		
