Nov 12 2009 	nice	Not a big fan of boutique or trendy hotels , but was booked here for a few days by clients.This was really a very positive surprise and experience , much better than other trendy hotels i have stayed in . Located in a great neighborhood with lots of local flair and history,plenty of coffee places , restaurants and old famous delicatessens - have to spend the weekend next time.The service is excellent , from the doormen who were very helpful and knowledgeable about the area, to the check in staff.The bar is nice if you can use the outside deck , inside not so fun. The restaurant has a good menu , but questionable lay out and decor . Rooms are comfortable , a bit on the dark side for me , beds are very comfortable, slept like a baby.	
Nov 11 2009 	Not a flawless stay @ the Thompson LES but manager handled it well...	My girlfriend and I booked the thompson hoping to have a romantic weekend in NYC but when we arrived at 5pm and were told that the room was not ready, i thought this is off to a bad start. The manager apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a drink at the bar while we waited. It took about 20 min to get our room so we enjoyed our drink while we waited...Once we got the room, we were happy with the overall look. Its very trendy, dark, and romantic. Also, quite new which is good.The next day, we left the hotel around 9am and returned around 5pm. To our surprise, the room had not been cleaned. We called the front desk and the manager who offered us the drink was working so i informed her of the situation. They sent us fresh towels right away and i requested to have the room cleaned once we left the room for our dinner. This was done. Besides these two incidents, we liked the hotel overall. It has a nice look to it, nice spa and gym, and the manager did handle the situation appropriately in my opinion. I would give the hotel another chance... Hope this helps.	
Nov 10 2009 	Disappointing. Amature front desk help.	My wife and I go to NYC at least twice a year for a little R&amp;R. Despite some negative reviews, I booked the Thompson LES in the hopes that my experience would be without issues. I called the hotel directly (a month prior to my visit) to make my reservation. I requested an early check-in and a high floor knowing that people complained abouth the noise from the 7th floor bar. The day we were checking in, I called the hotel to confirm and ask about the early check it. I was told I could not check in until 3pm because the hotel was booked solid. That was fine. My wife and I kept ourselved busy and arrived at the hotel at 4pm. Our room wasn't ready so they offered us a drink at the bar and an upgraded room (from studio suite to 1 bedroom suite). The room was nice, the balcony was cool, but we were on the 3rd floor directly above the lobby bar and it was loud. I would have rather had the smaller room I asked for on a higher floor, but I let it go. At 11am before we checkd out I called the front desk to get my car from the garage. I was told it would take 20 minutes and it took AN HOUR AND A HALF! I was told the hotel was very busy, there were a lot of guests checking out, blah blah blah. Give me a break. I The manager was nice enough to take the parking off my bill, but the whole experience was disappointing. We always stay at the Royalton on 44th St and will do so in the future. If you want to stay at a great hotel with unbeliveable rooms and service try the Royalton. You will be much better off.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great stay at the Thompson LES	We had a fabulous stay at the hotel in a King Suite room on the 11th floor at the bargain rate of $165 per night. Plenty of room and surprisingly the room was lighter than I was expecting after reading previous reviews. Having stayed in midtown our previous two visits I couldn't believe how quiet it was at nightime in our room here Staff were very friendly and helpful. Bed was extremely comfortable and loved the shower. Our only complaint was that our room was serviced around 5.30 to 6 the first 3 days just when we got back from being out and needed to shower and get ready for the evenings activities-it was quite inconvenient.Whilst the area is a little ordinary during the day at night time it was a fabulous place to be with all the bars and restaurants nearby. Recommend nearby Rayuela for a meal and Stanton Social and East Side Company for a drink. We had two lots of friends staying at the same time as us and their experience was positive too. We did visit'Above Allen' the first two nights after dinner-great views and fun bar but very loud music-it was more fun to explore the neighbourhood bars once we settled in.	
Oct 30 2009 	A Life-Saver!	I came here at 1 am after checking out of a bad hotel nearby...the staff was great, the lobby was beautiful, they gave me the kind of room I requested with a window that opened for fresh air, the room was stylish and roomy and clean...very nice. There was a mini-bar, a safe, amenities (no shower caps, though) -- all at a good price. I recommend this hotel, but parking is difficult in this neighborhood and the nearby lots are pricey.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel in the Heart of Lower East Side	Me &amp; my girlfriend stayed here for a friends wedding and what an experience. We took a Red Eye from LA to NY and had arrived at the hotel at 8am. Our room wasn't ready so we went sightseeing and were ensured our room would be ready by the afternoon. We arrived back at 6pm &amp; our room wasn't ready to my annoyance. We were given a large suite on floor 15 with the best view of the NY skyline &amp; an amazing balcony. The room was exquisite, clean, roomy, great walk in shower &amp; the best comfy bed I have slept in ever. The staff were friendly especially the doormen were by all the ladies in the hotel would gladly stop &amp; stare at them...hahahaha.Location is right next to China town, Little Italy, Soho, great restaurants &amp; bars in the vicinity &amp; great Mediterranean cuisine round the corner from the hotel for a nice kebab at 2am.The hotel made all the guests feel welcome &amp; friendly and also a fantastic place to meet the odd celebrity...I had the honour of meeting Phil Jackson (LA Lakers head coach) in the hotel lift...very friendly &amp; yes my girlfriend went crazy when I actually managed to get an autograph for her addressed in her name.Overall if I am ever back in NY I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Super trendy and stylish but expensive.	I really liked this hotel but you have to like that kind of style. My boss for instance didn't like it that much becaus ehe likes the traditional design and couldn't make the half of the things to work :-). I found it fabulous! The design is very modern and chic. The hotel definitely has a character, which I very much appreciate. It is located in the hip Lower East Side full of bars, restaurants, artsy shops and more. I was very pleased with the customer service. Everytime I asked for something I got it in no time. The bed was extremely cmfortable with heavenl soft sheets - big plus! Batroos was large and had Bigolow toiletries - nice! This hotel is expensive hoever so I was bit disappointed that you had to pay separately for Internet ($10) and breakfast ($17), while in Europe these things come for free in majority of hotels. Oh, the food in the hotel was very good to and the bar on the 7th floor with a terrace overlooking Manhattan was super fun too! I will definitley gp back there again.	
Oct 25 2009 	The WORST	This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had in New York. I travel about 50 nights a year and have stayed in many New York hotels have never had a worse experience. We arrived at the hotel about 30 minutes before check-in and our room was not ready, but could upgrade for more money if we wanted a room early. We declined, we were already paying over $400 a night, and wanted to get out into the city, so we had them hold our luggage and came back at 5:00pm to check-in. We booked a non-smoking room and was given a room on the 8th floor that smelled like smoke and had cigarette butts on the roof below the window. I called down to the front desk and asked for a different room. The reply was is it really that bad? Can't you live with it? I said no, I want a room that doesn't reek like smoke. She said she would check and call back in a couple of minutes later. 15 minutes later when the bellman showed up with our luggage and still no phone call back, we decided just to go back downstairs. The bellman then asked why we were changing rooms and I said because it smells like smoke. He said, well, you are on the smoking floor in a smoking room. We get back downstairs and am told we can upgrade to a non-smoking room. I said we booked a non-smoking room. I was then informed it was a preference not a guarantee. I asked if he had any non-smoking in the category we booked available and he said maybe if I came back at 7:00pm. I said, no worries, I will just go to another hotel. Now it was, &quot;wait just a minute, OK I have a non-smoking in your category&quot;. Wow, just amazing in 2 minutes it was now available. The room was the smallest room even for New York standards, smaller the a cabin on a cruise ship! The front desk staff acted like they were working on commission and tried to get us to pay for an upgrade several times and try to get us to pay for things we were not interested in. We were there for one night for an event, that I was then late for by the time we finally got into our room, over an hour to get a room after all the mess. All this for $400 a night! There are so many hotels in New York that the rooms are decent size, a front desk staff that is pleasant and helpful and not there to gouge you, and you should consider any other hotel before booking. For the price you should have accommodations of a 4 star hotel. This is a 2 star hotel that is putting more money into marketing then into the hotel.	
Oct 15 2009 	good value some stylish touches highly recommend.	Stayed in Thompson les last night, and had a great night!I stayed with a friend and we had booked a room with two queen beds. They first had no record of this, and gave us a room with a King (which was nice, with amazing views and a huge bath), but then they did find a room with 2 beds, but sadly was a smoking room and did smell. Why in this day and age do they still even have smoking rooms??The room was beautiful though, and huge. 8th floor, but view not as good as the first room! For just over $300 it was pretty good for NY.(don't bother packing your swimmers though... pool outside (which I didn't realise from their website) and so closed until spring...No late night room service, but they brought up local delivery venues which I thought was good.Pala Pizza next door is really good, especialy if you are not in the mood to travel far from the hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel inexperienced night manager	We stayed in the LES Thompson for 6 nights. Very pleased with the room, I had requested a nice view but it was of side street. After arriving we unpacked and went out to see Times Sq. Came back exhausted and got ready for bed only to find that my half of the bed was WET. Yes, a previous guest had urinated in the bed. The manager came to inspect and was more interested in a quest who was arriving at 5am the next morning. He suggested we repack all our belongings and move to another room 5 floors below. It was now 11.30pm and we had been on the go since 4am British time. I felt this was unreasonable so I suggested he could swap the mattresses and bedding around. He hadn't thought of that. I don't know how it wasn't noticed by housekeeping. We heard no more about it. I wrote to the head office but didn't receive a reply.However, other than that we were happy with the hotel. In our next DC hotel we had a mix up which I didn't even report to anyone, another guest did, and we were surprised to find wine, cheese and crackers in our room with a lovely card full of apologies. Now that's nice!!I would recommend this hotel but not the best position for 1st time in NYC, a bit removed from the main attractions.	
Oct 3 2009 	This hotel was great!	I stayed at Thompson LES after agonising on which hotel to stay at and best location. Friends had said that the area wasnt great. I took a chance and loved the hotel. I got a great price on tablet.com and upgraded to a suite for a good price. The staff were great - friendly and helpful. Certainly not too cool for school. My room was modern but with character. I cant say anything bad about the hotel or location. Have weekend brunch around the corner at Prune and make sure you do the Tenement Museum.	
Oct 1 2009 	Cool Hip Trendy Modern How does this thing work?	We stayed two nights at the Thompson and enjoyed our stay very much. We are in our late 50's and appreciate art, design and architecture so we were excited to stay here. Check-in was a breeze, very pleasant, professional staff, stunning room with two double beds, very cool bath and shower. Our room 1411 was just steps off the elevator through a door with two rooms off a small hall. We smelled very strong stale cigarette smoke in this small hallway and mentioned it to the bellman. He offered to move us to another room if we were bothered. Upon opening our door we found the room to be beautiful and the air fresh. Later that night and on two other occasions a very strong odor of cigarettes filled our room. One night, around 4am it was strong enough to wake us up. At checkout we complimented the staff on the hotel and mentioned the smoke. The response from the young man at the front desk was &quot;sorry about that.&quot; He wasn't surprised and offered no explanation.Positives:Beautifulnice stafflarge, clean roomsRoom ready on timeflat screen TVnice bar on 7th floorgreat viewsNegatives:couldn't find any movie channels$10.00 charge for internet (cheapens the experience)no ice machines (you have to order ice from room service)elevators not working for an hour so we climbed to the 7th floor bar to waitNever figured out how the remote control workedNever figured out how to use the hand held showerFinally figured out the main shower controlsHad to ask for a lamp (promptly delivered) The room so dark we had to use a flashlight to find things in our suitcases. Very dim lighting.Shower and bath area had frosted glass walls and you could definitely see a person in the shower from the bedroom. I've been told there may have been a button to push to fog up the glass walls however there were no instructions.All in all I would recommend this hotel and we will happily stay there again. Next time we will be calling the front desk for instructions.	
Sep 13 2009 	You can do better. (So should the hotel.)	First, the good things... the rooms are big. The showers are huge and walk in, the toiletries are CO Bigelow, the bed is comfortable. The location isn't bad, smack bang on the edge of the lower east side. Most of the staff are lovely, especially the doormen. It's very very clean.Now, the bad. The lifts are always packed, usually with staff, and you have to use the room key to activate them, and the room keys seem to have a mind of their own and need constant re-programming. The only room service is delicious-but-rich-and-quickly-boring food from Shang. The air conditioner is noisier than a Mustang '67. (Seriously, whoever organised the air conditioners here should be shot.) The (paddling) pool area is full of cool, pointless people. Several of the more senior staff are smarmy. The TV seems odd and slow, and there are no in-house movies or HBO on demand or a DVD or iPod. We won't stay here again, put it that way. There are too many good hotels in NY to have to put up with one that has so many faults - even if it is stylish and permanently on sale on quikbook.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fabulous!	The Thompson LES exceeded my expectations in every possible way. The desk staff was smart and attentive. The room (corner on 16th floor) was luxurious with an amazing view. The bar was chic and fun. I would definitely stay at the Thompson LES again and would highly recommend it to friends...especially for the cost!	
Sep 9 2009 	Good But Not Great	The positives: The staff was friendly and helpful. The room had a comfortable bed, a large flatscreen TV, and the large rainfall shower was fantastic. The hotel's location is great for exploring the lower east side which is a very interesting neighborhood. The negatives: Some of the room furnishings had a very cheap appearance including the fake wood paneling and the sectional sofa in the sitting area of the room. The sofa was dirty and very uncomfortable to sit in since the back was not a cushion but made out of hard material. Also, the room was dark. You could turn on every light in the room and it would still be dark. While this created a &quot;hip&quot; vibe there are times when you just need some light.To sum up I would say that while the hotel is nice I think there are better values in NYC for the price. So unless you have a strong desire to stay on the lower east side you may want to consider other hotel options.	
Sep 4 2009 	Loved It!	Stayed only one night...wished it could have been longer. For me, the most important thing about staying in a hotel is that you feel COMFORTABLE. Well, we had comfort with 1) Great, supportive bed...slept like a baby! 2) Friendly, welcoming, unassuming staff...no attitude! 3) Room service delivered promptly and cheerfully, 4) Clean and contemporary bedroom with awesome floor to ceiling city view, and a bathroom with refreshing shower set-up (with &quot;rain&quot; and hand-held options.) I will definitely return here on future visits to Manhattan.	
Aug 27 2009 	December 30 - January 5th - LES was just Meh.	I had the opportunity to spend New Years in NYC. Obviously there are 100's of choices available in NYC, but the LES is limited for well priced options.Here's what I found as drawbacks:1.) Found a pair of eyelashes (yes, sticky glue fake eyelashes) affixed to the black lacquer bed when we arrived. Not a big enough deal to call housekeeping, but still uber gross to have to get tp and throw them out. It was like the bed was staring at me.2.) A prior guest left what I can only assume was toothpaste on the back of the door and housekeeping did not remove it during our entire stay.3.) Bed had a ledge of sorts on the back (facing window) that had mounds of dust on it - stayed there for all nights of our trip.4.) Fire alarm went off on night/early morning of day 4 (I believe) and upon return to our room door was unlocked/open. Ran around to make sure we hadn't been robbed and luckily we weren't. Highly annoying because we were tramping down the stairs from a higher floor and did not receive any direction from staff. Finally decided to go back to room when alarm went off and didn't see or hear even ONE other person. Guess it was a false alarm, but firetrucks did arrive and could see them quickly leave.5.) Front desk called me one evening when I was out enjoying dinner and asked some random question - tried to get more info, but I guess they realized their error and HUNG UP on me.6.) Only 1 elevator appeared to work.7.) Not really a negative for me, since it was NYE and I like to party with the best of them - but upon arriving back to our hotel around 3 AM on NYE found random drunken females riding in elevator trying to get off on the 7th floor I believe. Once we arrived back to our room we could hear a party going on. Again ONLY happened on NYE, but I can only imagine how annoying that would have been on any other night.8.) Shower doors were ever so loud and made a huge slamming sound that would make you believe the glass was about to burst on top of your head. You could also hear this sound from other rooms.Positives1.) Hotel is newer than most other hotels in LES and for what we paid well worth it..2.) See negative #7 - could be positive if you are looking to party3.) Elevator required a key card to get off on your floor.4.) Subway stop across the street5.) Other than #5 all contact with employees was nice and I noticed one of the doorguys from 6 Columbus was now working here. Actually the employees were super nice - so double plus.6.) Our room was absolutely amazing. We had a corner room which if you stood on the bed (how I came to notice #3 above negative) you could see the Manhattan and Brooklyn bridges - or perhaps just the Manhattan bridge. Have to check pictures. Awesome - awesome view of lower Manhattan and if I pressed my cheek against the floor to ceiling windows I could see the ESB.7.) Other than slamming shower door from above NEVER heard a peep from any other guests. I only saw one other person on our floor the entire time we were there, so I'm not sure if the hotel was at capacity, but I would assume not considering the bargain basement rates this hotel had even the day before we arrived.I didn't try the restaurant, but I loved this restaurant one block south of LES on Allen street called Kampuchea. It's a Cambodian restaurant - yummy. Sugar next door was also very tasty - ask the guy why they don't have strawberries hehe. Whole Foods is about 2 blocks away and has many great options and a cool place you can sit and eat and enjoy street views. There's a crepe place a few blocks away that you should try (but only order one) I suggest a desert crepe. Pianos was fun in the LES as was the burlesque show across the street from Kampuchea. So all in all - not sure if my negatives (mainly surrounding housekeeping) would keep me from recommending the hotel to a friend - but, I probably wouldn't stay there again because I got the eery feeling that in a few months the housekeeping issues would turn into maintenance issues and the whole place would be a dump with great views. Actually I am headed back to NYC for Labor Day and I didn't even look at Thompson LES rates, because come to remember it the bed staring at me was just too gross and everytime I see a black lacquer bed now I'll just think it's winking at me.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Location	We ( 2 twenty somethings and Mum!) stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in August, getting a last minute discount with GTA hotels. On arrival they were overbooked so we were given the pent house for a night, which was absolutely amazing with fantastic views. The next day the manager couldn't be more helpful showing us round different room options and upgrading us to a King Suite which had plenty of room for 3.The location is fantastic with lots of nice bars, delis and restaurants and very close to a subway station. The staff were really helpful and friendly, and the rooms clean and spacious. The bar is definately worth going to, and the gym is good. We would stay here again, and will go back to this area next time we are in NY.	
Aug 13 2009 	Beautiful But Some Quirks	There is no debating that this sleek hotel is beautiful and hip and we did enjoy our stay. But there were some quirks that bear noting. Our Studio King Suite was spacious, yet, there were no rug pads to prevent the area rugs at each side of the bed from sliding on the floor in a startling way. The extremely comfortable bed was made with a down comforter slipped with a fresh duvet cover ... but without a top sheet. The AC vent blew directly on the bed, yet we couldn't not turn it off or even down very much since we had no cover options. A wake-up call came at 7:15 a.m. Sunday morning jolting us out of sleep, although we had not requested one. We wondered which guests did not receive their call... At check-in, the desk manager raved about the &quot;members-only&quot; Above Allen rooftop bar, indicating that hotel guests qualified as members. Yet, when we attempted to get a drink there late Saturday night following a play and dinner, we were refused despite flashing our room keys.	
Aug 9 2009 	Trendy 	Very impressive building! I didn't come across any parts of it that weren't done well (and believe me, I looked). The place had nice finishes all-around and just had an overall classy vibe to it. The moment I got there, I said that I was gonna write a review on here about it!The place straddles the line of laid back vibe and party hotel very well. I was in town for a conference, so I wanted some decent rest, and found no problems being totally relaxed there. I was on the 5th floor and I could occasionally hear some dishes clanking from the restaurant, but nothing overly excessive. Almost no traffic noise from a relatively busy part of the city.At the same time, if I had been up for a party, this would be the place to find one. The place is quite trendy and in a pretty lively neighborhood, so I could see some people feeling a bit out of place there. The staff (and patrons) were all amazing so if you're sometimes uncomfortable being in trendy places, just keep an open mind about it all, and I'm sure you'll find everyone absolutely charming.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fun hotel but needs to work out a few things...	Perhaps we were expecting more out of the Thompson LES since a few friends who had recommended this mini-boutique chain of hotels had raved about it. Not to say we were disappointed, just thought that they need to work out a few kinks.We booked a King Junior Suite. Upon arrival, we went through a fairly smooth check-in process (the doormen at this hotel are top-notch by the way, but I'll explain that later). The room itself was spacious for NYC hotel (although in any other city, our room would be considered an average size King room), nice amenities (C.O. Bigelow bath products, beautiful soft Italian sheets and a very relaxing waterfall shower head). I'm not a big fan of the current trend in hip boutique hotels towards having platform beds but I have to say, this one was one of the more comfortable ones that I've slept in.Our room was on the 7th floor - right across from the &quot;lounge/patio/bar&quot;. As the night wore on (we were weary travelers who just wanted to sleep), the music from the bar just got louder, the people going in and out of this bar more and more loud and drunk. Also, our room (#703) was situated directly across from an exit door of the lounge that was constantly being used by the bar patrons. I ended up calling the front desk and spoke to the night Manager (Alfie) who was as helpful as possible but didn't have another King room available on another floor until the morning (they had a room with 2 Queens but my husband is 6'4&quot; and that wouldn't have worked for him). We decided to make the most of the night (well, what was left of it) and would move in the morning. If you find yourself during check-in being given Room 703, try and have it changed unless you are okay with a sleepless hotel night.In the end, they moved us to Room 1103 - a lovely Junior King Suite room on the 11th floor with a beautiful view and most importantly we were able to sleep soundly through the night.The Wifi was down throughout our stay (although we were charged on our bill, they did adjust it ) and during our check out the Front Desk's IT system was down as well so we were unable to receive a copy of our bill. Overall, the staff was friendly (and beautiful - something to be expected). The Doormen however should receive special kudos. They were helpful with making sure our rental car wasn't ticketed when we first arrived since we had to park in front of the hotel for about a half an hour, and they were just great at always making sure our bags were taken care of (luggage and shopping!).My husband (who is less the hotel snob than I am...but that's only because I travel for a living and stay in a ton of hotels) loved the place and would highly recommend the place. Me, I liked it too, would recommend it for its location (right in the heart of the Lower East Side, close to the great shopping and restaurant districts of Soho, Nolita, East Village and LES). Conveniently located across the street from an F subway stop that easily takes you uptown or to Brooklyn.	
Jul 20 2009 	WOW!	My husband and I decided to crash in the city for our 1 yr anniversary even though we only live about 8 minutes from Manhattan. We chose the Thompson LES because we wanted to be downtown and also had heard about the rooftop pool and the weather was great. The staff at the front desk was so accommodating and treated us very well. They also upgraded our suite to another room and made us feel extra special. The room was incredible, let’s just put it this way it was the Penthouse so I have nothing bad to say at all. Nevertheless, the pool was nice and great when it was 90 degrees. The bar was a cool place to hang out at night, and even with so many places to have drinks in the city I thought the open air bar was fantastic. We are planning on going back, and the hotel is a great choice. Yes it is modern and very typical trendy NYC. So if that is not what you are looking for, keep that in mind.	
Jul 10 2009 	Stiff Back But A Super Stay	Thompson LES has a very modern look and is clean. Additionally, the front desk was super accomidating and went out of their way to give us directions and assistance. Christian, the &quot;doorman&quot; rocked! He gave us so much help and being a native, had wonderful tips, conversation and very quick service. The food and drinks were good, not stellar. The rooms are small (stayed on the seventh floor) but were always attended to by the cleaning service. It is housed in a fun neighborhood; Soho and all the unique shops are close by, (we suggest hitting Rice to Riches on Spring St., a delicious rice pudding only place, for a yummy and unusual dessert experience). Only real draw backs were the pool because it was disorganized in regards to no towels, minimal lounging areas and closed bar. Also the bed STUNK! Horrible sleep and only a few inches off the ground-very uncomfortable and not for anybody with back issues! Overall for the price, its a good hotel experience because the hipness factor is not sacrificed for the cost; during our three day stay we ran into Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson, several famous football players and a Vouge photoshoot was hosted in the lobby. A customer can get a true, well-rounded New York experience at Thompson LES.	
Jul 10 2009 	Absolute bargain loved it!	I had the Hotel Chandler booked originally due to the great reviews here but changed it to the Thompson LES when I heard about a deal which was $167 per night with a $100 credit for the restaurant Shang for a King Studio Suite.I was a bit wary after reading some of the reviews here but what can I say! We loved it! I don't understand what a lot of the negative comments are about. We got an email from the concierge beforehand asking us to choose when we would like our meal in Shang.We got tickets for the US Open (golf) delivered to the hotel and they were only too happy to help.When we arrived we didn't have to wait long at all to get checked in. Our room (407) was on the 4th floor overlooking the pool. It would have been nice to have a higher floor with better views but the room was so lovely that we were really happy. The room was absolutely massive - it is separated into bathroom, living area and bedroom. It was very simplistic and trendy in design - all very cool and new. The TV was great and had a nice feature where you could turn it into the living area. The shower was the best shower ever! It had a rainhead showerhead and another attachment too. Unfortunately, the products aren't Kiehl anymore they're Dr. Bigelow which were still lovely.My only complaint would be that there was no tea/coffee facilities either in the room or elsewhere. I asked one day and they said that room service was the only way to get it. The minibar is expensive but we bought cokes and beers elsewhere and squeezed them into it to chill. A further suggestion to the hotel would be to put a mirror over the desk/dressing table. The feature of the free paper each morning was lovely and was much appreciated over our breakfast.Our meal in Shang beautiful. With wine and beer it was only $105 before tips which was a bargain for the quality of the food and the standard of the restaurant.The weather wasn't great but we ventured to the pool for one hour on our last day when it was sunny - it's lovely with great loungers but isn't heated so be warned.The gym is fabulous - didn't use it as we were too busy enjoying New York but had lovely facilities and a sauna.On a further note, the LES is a great area to stay in. There were plenty of great restaurants and bars (included Sugar, Russ &amp; Daughters, Cafe Charbon) nearby and Economy Candy right around the corner.	
Jul 7 2009 	Would Definitely Stay Here Again	Honestly, after reading the reviews here I was a little nervous about staying at this hotel. To me, there's nothing worse than paying a bunch of money for bad service. But I found a rate of $120/night through Quickbook and figured I could suck it up for all the money I was saving. I didn't have to! We were put in a great room on the 15th floor with a fabulous view. The floor to ceiling windows made the decently sized room feel even bigger. Seriously, by NY standards, this room was not that small. The staff was friendly and the location can't be beat. My only regret is that I didn't have time to check out the pool.We skipped the restaurant because of all the great options surrounding the hotel and the &quot;club&quot; was definitely not our scene. But I honestly have no complaints about our stay.	
Jun 29 2009 	If you're a light sleeper stay away!	I just completed a four-night stay at this hotel. In general, it presented good value for the money. The problem was room noise. And, it was not the expected room noise. Surprisingly, street noise was not the problem, unlike in many NYC hotels. I was on the 6th floor and really could not hear any street noise.BUT: The walls are like paper; any conversation in the next room could be heard in mine. When the phone next door rang, it sounded like it was ringing in my room. My neighbors kept odd hours. Neighbor conversations could be heard---loudly---at 5am and at 2am.So, while the hotel offers good value, if you draw a neighbor that keeps odd hours, be prepared to &quot;join&quot; every conversation in the neighboring room.I would not return for these reasons.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not perfect but very good value for money!	Stayed at the Thompson LES in June 2009 for three nights in a Studio King Suite for $216/night w/ breakfast and late check-out. Room was very nice, modern decor, spacious for NYC. Hotel has a cool, hip vibe, located in a fun neighborhood. Service was friendly and mostly good, although minor quibble in that maid service was very late one day (5 pm). Hipness went a bit overboard in the gym in that the low, recessed lighting is kind of annoying during workout. Good location to midtown and downtown and all the fun places in between. Bottom line though, at the price, it is absolutely a steal given the high quality of the room (unlike other reviewers I slept great in the bed and had zero noise issues on my floor (9th)). Would definitely return.	
Jun 21 2009 	terrible bed great staff	The decor has a mod cool factor .The staff extremely accommodating ,warm &amp; inviting.Then we checked into our room .Very Very small.,Bed futon like just elevated inches off the floor.Rain shower no tub bathroom. No fridge just some mini bar box that never gets cold. The worst sleep because the bed was so uncomfortable. The pool was not set up even though it was hot out.No towels,or beds on top of the lounge chairs. Wouldn't rush back to spite being in a cool neighborhood.	
Jun 16 2009 	Super hotel Super location!	We visited the Thompson LES as a long-weekend trip to New York. Me and my girlfriend absolutely loved the hotel! Service at the checkin was really good!. The frontoffice-desk-guy pointed out some good coffeeplaces in the neighbourhood and arranged that our suitcases would be taken to our room. The checkin was as smooth as it should be. The doorman always held the door open for us and asked if he could arrange for a cab. We felt very welcome at the hotel!Our room was absolutely amazing. We booked a King Superiour. The room had a balcony with stunning views of the LES and Manhattan Skyline (from CBD to Empire Statebuilding, Brooklyn Bridge, Chrysler Building etc). The room wasn't superbig, but for NY standards average. The flatscreen tv had a lot of options, information about the neighbourhood, HDtvchannels, OnDemand movies etc.The Lower EastSide is a nice neighbourhood to explore. It features lots of bars and restaurants. There was a nice Italian restaurant right next door to the hotel.We would definitley stay at the Thompson LES when we visit NY again in the future!	
Jun 15 2009 	Small but sweet-ish.	Small reception, friendly staff, tiny rooms - well enough equipped but I just found my room too cramped, with nowhere to put your stuff. I was only there one night, if I'd been there for longer (or with someone else) I would have found it very claustrophobic.Like most Thompson hotels, it's very dark and cool with nice trendy amenities in the shower, but does lack some of the services you'd find in a Hyatt or Sheraton. Form over function, a bit.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the LES for 3 days as part of our honeymoon.First impressions were not great, as the entrance is very understated and the reception is very small.We stayed in a King Suite and were very impressed. The room was large and very modern. The Floor to ceiling windows let all the light in (although they did not open).The bed was fantastic, with the best linen I have ever slept in.Bathroom is roomy and again very modern. The shower is amazing and the bath is big enough for a family (but that would be wierd).The area itself is great, with a GREAT breakfast place next door, plenty of restaurants and bars in the immediate vicinity, across the road from the subway and a 10 minute walk to the centre of SOHO.One gripe I would make is that the bar is very expensive, but so was NYC on the whole. We ventured up to the bar one evening for a pre meal drink and got told it was closed for a private function.The hotel is also quite noisy...you can hear the noise of the bar upstairs, and the walls are so thin that you can hear reception giving next door a wake up call!!I would not recommend this hotel for NYC first timers, but instead for those who want to avoid the tourist traps and opt for chilling out in the bohemian surroundings of the LES.	
Jun 10 2009 	Extraordinary experience	I recently went for an extended stay in NYC for business. After a week, my partner joined me, we moved together uptown. I wished I had stayed put. I had stayed at other Thompson hotels, and LES is my favorite. The staff went out of their way to make my visit extraordinary. My Studio King Suite was impeccably clean, comfortable - and the rain shower was just out of this world. The area is terrific. I know NYC well, and I found staying in this are to be fun - thrilling. Most of my business was midtown, and plenty of taxis were available and the &quot;F&quot; train conveniently across the street. About a block away there was a huge Whole Foods Market - and at the corner a gem of a deli called Sugar where I could get my morning bagel. I cannot say enough about the staff. And the restaurant - SHANG - is the best! I love this hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great location that's about it.	Let me say we got a great deal for a King suite at 166 a night, with a restaurant credit. The location is unbeatable. There are great cafes and bars all around. Check in was easy, and the staff was great. I requested a room on a higher floor, and had to wait until about 4 to get in. The room was nice, very modern looking. The beds are a nightmare. I think Europeans, like my husband, are used to sleeping on VERY firm mattresses, but I am not. The linens included no flat sheet, just a comforter. My husband is used to this, I thought it was a nightmare, as I was always either too hot or cold. The view was nice, with floor to ceiling windows. The lights are on dimmers, and take some fumbling to get them working. The minibar is well stocked.Breakfast in the hotel is subpar, and expensive. Go somewhere else. The restaurant is nice looking, but service stinks, and the food is mediocre at best.Here come the concerning parts. Our second night, my husband's key stopped working, so he stopped at the front desk to get a new one. It was about midnight, and the receptionist was on a personal call, took his key, asked what room number, and just reprogrammed it. She did not ask for his ID, or even his name. He could have found that key on the street!Our room was never cleaned. We arrived on a Thurs. Fri, we left the room at noon, and came back at 7, to a dirty room. We figured we may have missed the cleaning window, so we didn't complain. Sat, we left at 8, and came back at 6, to a dirty room. We called down to complain, and ask for at least some new towels. The irony, the minibar was magically checked and restocked each day. Hmmm.That Sat night, we made it an early night, and around 10:30 pm, someone tried to get in our room, using a key. They knocked, but did not announce who they were. I cannot fathom ANY reason a staff member would be in a guests' room at that hour!Checkout was quick, though they made a mistake with the bill. The hotel is just okay, but with the subpar service, I would never stay again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Design-led hotel in buzzing area	Had a great week-long stay here: rooms are small but well-equipped and they all have fantastic views over Lower East Side by virtue of the fact that the building stands several storeys higher than anything else in the area. Very designer-led with great back-lit headboards above the beds. It's a great area and you can walk from the hotel to SoHo, Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, Financial District and even Mid-town as long as you're prepared to spend the hour walking there.Only downsides would be lack of a bath (in mid-range rooms), expense and staff service. Although we didn't have much cause to speak to reception, we did ask them to book our pre-paid shuttle service back to the airport, and gave them our receipt with the telephone number and booking ref on. The head concierge booked the wrong shuttle without realising, which meant we were waiting 90mins for a non-existent shuttle, before having to catch a taxi at our own cost in order to make our flight in time. All email correspondence since has been met with a wall of silence! So although I would probably stay here again for the location, I would prefer not to ask reception for anything and would certainly organise all travel arrangements myself!	
Jun 1 2009 	Loved it	Stayed at the Thompson LES with a friend in a king suite. The room was beautiful, with the bed being the most comfortable thing I have ever slept in, The rooms were beautifully cleaned each day, and chocolates left for us on our return. The room and hotel as a whole were stylish and immaculate. The only flaw was the restaurant. We ate there one night, and whilst the waiting staff could not be criticised, neither myself or my friend enjoyed the food we had. There are a range of bars, and we used th pool a few mornings and had it completely to ourselves. The hotel is close to a number of subway lines, and many bars and restaurants. I would highly recommend it. Not cheap but definitely worth it.	
May 27 2009 	Brilliant hotel in a great location	This is the second time I have stayed here, the first was just after it opened in '08 and there were a few issues but this time things have certainly gotten ironed out.The location is away from the normal tourist spots of Central Park, Times Sq, 5th Ave etc but where the LES is located is just great. One block away from the Subway and therefore not really that far from the tourist spots BUT you are just a few minutes away from other great areas such as SOHO, Tribeca, Chinatown, etc. The area may be a little &quot;rough&quot; around the edges but you get a realistic New York experience.The staff are fantastic, always greeting you on arrival and go out of their way to help you. Their restaurant recommendations are terrific, and there are plenty to choose from.The rooms are large for Manhattan with floor to ceiling glass affording you great views. I guess if I was quibbling I could say the iPod dock/ music system could be a little better and may be a few more choices on the TV channels but that is about it. The rooms are immaculate and beds supremely comfortable.	
May 23 2009 	Nice Hotel in a great area	I really enjoyed my stay at the Thompson LES. The rooms are nicely decorated and the bath room big and beautiful. I also liked the products from Kiehl's. The location of the hotel is fantastic. There is so much variety regarding restaurants and bars!I also thouight that the hotel staff was very friendly and helpfull.	
May 21 2009 	Fabulous location with great rooms with the upgrade	Whenever I travel to NYC, I stay in the LES or SoHo. It's easy to get to all the happening bars and shopping. The Thompson LES is in a great, great location in the heart of the LES and close to subway lines that take you to SoHo or downtown. There are plenty of restaurants and shops all around. That was the best part of staying at this hotel.We were upgraded to a large corner suite which was huge in comparison to other NYC hotels. Everything was clean with modern furnishings, floor to ceiling windows, large bathrooms with rainshower and a huge deck with tables and sunchairs. The furnishings while modern were done in cheap materials but hey, that's what you get from boutique hotels. The A/C made a bit of noise at night but it wasn't too much of a bother for us. I've heard though that the standard rooms can be kind of small.The restaurant was terrible. Asian fusion at it's worse. There's too much good food outside, don't eat in the hotel. The &quot;members only&quot; club has seen better days despite it not being open for that long. When we walked through, the place looked tore up and filled with drunk, frat boys. Again, go outside if you want a NYC scene. Room service at night is very minimal and they order from a local restaurant. You're better off again, venturing outside. :)	
May 21 2009 	Typical boutique hotel: good looks but poor service with a huge attitude	I love boutique hotels, but I hate the staff who work in them...they often forget that their role is to &quot;serve&quot; and not to be fashion models, they live in a Wallpaper dream. The new Thompson LES is at a very cool location and it is well designed. However, watch the service! I booked a King Suite for 7 nights through Quikbook. All had been confirmed for one month...but when I arrived, they told me that they had no room for me, my room was not available because one customer decided to extend his stay (!). They made me understand in a very clear way that my only option was to shut-up and go to some ther hotel, extremely nice welcome upon arrival from an overseas flight. The staff in charge just acted as a teenager, he didn't care much if I was happy or not, his hotel was full, he was stronger...	
May 18 2009 	great location; pretty great hotel	The summary: the hotel and room were clean, the bed comfy, the room was large and quiet by NYC standards, the staff were very helpful and service focused, and the location is good. I will definitely consider staying here again on my next trip to NYC.The hotel is located just below Houston St (so at the top of the lower east side within easy walking distance of the east village, SOHO, Nolita etc). I booked my room through an on-line seller and got a good rate and a $100 credit for the restaurant so great value for money. While trendy in décor and clearly trying to be a hot spot the hotel is attracting a wide variety of guests and the staff provided good service – often trendy hot spot hotels can have snotty service and attract only hipster guests – not the case here.Check-in was efficient and friendly as was check-out. Concierge services were helpful and high quality. When I checked in well into the evening I had to ask to have the bedding changed as I hadn’t informed the hotel ahead of my feather allergy and housekeeping came up immediately and dealt with it. Whenever I ran into housekeeping staff during my visit they were friendly and efficient. Three warnings. First, the room heating and cooling system in my room was located right near the bed and the fan blows at the bed. For me this was fine as I sleep best with some white noise and don’t mind air movement. I mention this as I have friends for whom I know this would be an issue - if it would be for you, you might want to inquire about room configurations when booking. Second, the location was great for me since it was located in amongst some of my favourite parts of NYC in lower manhattan. If you are looking for the luxury NYC experience you may not be comfortable with neighbourhood which is certainly grittier than the hotel heavy area just south of central park or the upper east or west sides. Third, the hotel is currently brand new and I think some of the finishes may not hold up well under constant use (for example the bathroom counter-top is already showing some minor signs of water damage) so I’d be interested in hearing about the condition of the rooms in another couple of years.	
May 16 2009 	Great for a visit to the East Village or Soho	I stayed there for my daughter's graduation from NYU and because she lives in the East Village. Great location for wandering in that neighborhood or down into Soho. I got a $160 night rate for a Queen room, so it was reasonably priced. The room was small, but well appointed. I would have helped if they had a luggage stand for my bag, but we got over that and just worked out of the bag on the floor. There were only a couple of petty annoyances, one was the 9am test of the fire alarm. We did have to call down to the front desk to make sure there wasn't a real emergency, and the other was making note, because of the alarm, that the fire alarm/smoke detector in the bathroom still had it's pre-construction covering on it, which made it inoperable, just in case there had been a fire in the bathroom. The continental breakfast was haphazard with some fruit and bagels laid out on a table like it was for unexpected guests. Room service would probably be a better choice. Overall, I liked the place, the people seemed helpful and friendly to us and we liked the location for a leisure visit to the lower city.	
May 15 2009 	Could be great	Stayed for 2 nights in a king room on 3rd floor. Room was very well appointed for the price. Bathrooms modern and clean, great shower! Room service comes from &quot;Shang&quot; restaurant downstairs. It is expensive but very good!Bar scene is fairly 'happening' and all very 'cool'. Location is just a little too far from Broadway to take a quick easy walk, but not too bad. Bellhops were friendly and helpful. Front desk staff were like robots. No life in them at all. They seem either desperately unhappy or were trying to seem way too cool. A hello and good bye would help in converstations. After asking for directions I received an uninformed and vague answer and then the front desk guy just walked away. I thought he was going to get me more information, but he then started 'serving' another guest at the desk. It was quite awkward. There were no welcomes or farewells at check in and check out. It was all so sombre. Some communication skills and some genuine hospitality would bring this hotel into the league i assume it aspires to be in. The truth is that I would have come back to stay there again right up until I paid my bill and checked out. It was then I think that I gave up on the place.The front desk man barely grunted at me, took my money and without another word walked away into the back office door . No one said good bye so I flagged down a cab and headed to the airport. Plenty of other places to stay when I return to the city in a few weeks.	
May 4 2009 	Everything was perfect	My husband and I stayed on room 1103. We got a special promo rate of roughly $166 a night for a Studio King Suite. It was a total steal! The room was well designed, modern, sexy, super spacious, and the lighting was fantastic. I don't understand what the other comments were complaining about it being too dark, there are dimmers to all the lights and you can dial them up pretty bright. The temperature was perfect and we heard nothing, no noise at all... we slept like logs every night. The linens were very comfortable, and everything was super clean. My husband and I absolutely loved our room and would stay there again in a heartbeat. The front desk was very friendly and helpful, when we pulled up to the hotel in a cab, they ran outside to help us with our bags. We were greeted by all every time we walked in and out of the lobby. One down side is that Wifi will cost you $10/day.All things aside, the location alone is worth every penny. The lower east side is very cool and not commercialized at all. The hotel is literally steps away from the city's coolest bars, vintage shops, independent boutiques, etc.I think if you like the lower east side, you will like this hotel. It's no Sheraton... and the lower east side is certainly no Time Square.	
May 4 2009 	LOVED IT!!!!!	Wow, the lower east side has really changed since the last itme i was there. it is the hippest part of town. i almost didn't know we were at the hotel when we pulled up. we had king studio suite and it was huge, in comparison to other nyc hotels. clean and cool furnishings. floor to ceiling windows, modern and large bathrooms with rainshower (light water pressure was a bummer). the platform bed was not the most comfortable but the sheets &amp; pillows were, so it evened out. i am definitately staying here next trip.	
Apr 27 2009 	Special evening underwhelming room	Where to begin? We were offered to pay $150 to upgrade to a king suite room, which were told would still be 50% of the regular price of that room. We took it, figuring why not it was my husband's bday and we were just staying over night and enjoying a chance to sleep in while our sitter watched our two little ones. The room was nicely furnished, quite big, but for a hotel that's not that old we were surprised at small wear and tear already like rubber stripping hanging off the balcony door, a loose towel rack hook by the shower, and plumbing pipes made a horribly loud noise for a solid 15 seconds every time you ran the faucet or flushed the toilet. Other complaints about the room were that half the closet doors were blocked by a nightstand and there were two flat screen tvs back to back - one to watch from bed and one to watch from the couch - which weren't working and required a few calls to maintenance. Service-wise the room was only set up for one person in terms of towels and robes, there were no toiletries at all in the tub/shower (just a bar of soap at the sink), a card addressed to another guest had been left in our room, and it took 20 minutes and 2 phone calls to have a bucket of ice delivered to chill some champagne we had brought with us (this was after we'd made the request at the front desk during check-in). I have heard great things about the new restaurant, Shang, but we didn't try it out since we already had dinner reservations elsewhere. I would not though recommend the overpriced room service coffee, which was weak and cost $20 when you added in the required tax/tips.	
Apr 21 2009 	Can't be all things to all people	Stayed 7 nights, original booking was for a Studio King Suite on a deal of $166 per night + $100 dollar credit for Shang restaurant, can't complain at these prices, but I would complain if I was paying much more!! E-mailed ahead to ask for a high floor quiet room, on arrival we were allocated a 6th floor room. Young, slightly aloof receptionist tried to sell us an upgrade to a Thompson Suite on same floor for an additional $50 per night by talking down the Studio King, we viewed both and didn't think it was worth the extra. Staff obviously pressured to make the hard sell in these credit crunch times. Room was spacious, clean, well kitted out but a bit gloomy and dark. Street noise was a problem, so next morning we again requested a high floor. Very helpful guy on reception was moving us to the 14th floor when the original check-in girl from previous day became involved and suddenly only a 9th floor room was available, we were not thrilled but reminded ourselves that we were on a good deal and let it pass. 9th floor was a definite improvement &amp; the new room (a double, double), was quieter &amp; brighter with a better view. A word of warning &amp; to echo the previous poster, I heard numerous people complaining about the noise from the 7th floor bar, in particular a receptionist telling a guest that their were no other rooms available &amp; they would ask the DJ to turn down the bass the next night!! I suspect if you're in a front room on the 8th floor you won't get much sleep at night, fine if you're a party animal, less so if you're not. This I think is the Thompson LES's dilemma, it's a big investment &amp; needs the revenue from all areas, unfortunately this may be at the expense of some of it's other guests. There are many good qualities about this hotel and the rooms are of a high standard but the overall experience just leaves you cold. It's just too cool for school &amp; want's you to know it!We ate in Shang on a Monday night &amp; found it to be a shambles, we waited 15 minutes for menus &amp; 45 minutes to place our order, only managing this by placing it with the celeb chef as he exchanged pleasantries with us! The Singapore Slaw &amp; Sashimi starters were outstanding, we found the main courses &amp; overall service to be mediocre.We loved the area, loads of local bars, cafes &amp; restaurants , try SimonSips just over the road on 1st Street for the best breakfast cappucino &amp; granola we found! Would we return to the Thompson LES? Unless it was another great deal - probably not. No way is it worth anywere near full price in the new post credit crunch world order, it was built in the boom and I think it's going to struggle now we're in the bust.	
Apr 10 2009 	Just doesn't cut it	First of all when staying at the hotel do not stay on the eigth floor as there is a club below and your room rumbles to the bass of the club and u may as well go down to the bar because the noise is the same as if you were at the club. The service staff are less than friendly and seem to be very young and inexperienced. The rooms are very dark and it is difficult to see things. The elevators are terrible and you can not see the floor buttons because of mood lighting gone bad. You also have to use your card everytime you are in the elevator and you have no time if you are on the third or fourth floor. The lobby is cold and less than comfortable especially when they leave you waiting as the housekeeping staff fall behind.	
Apr 5 2009 	My current favorite hotel in the Lower East Side	Great hotel. Very clean. They even fold my clothes for me. The rooms and design are very clean and modern. Best location in LES. 8 blocks to SOHO. A hop skip and jump to the East Village bars and restaurants. I stayed here for 9 nights on business and wouldn't hesitate to do it again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Cool Hotel Great Room Interesting Location	Having obsessed about which hotel to stay at for our first time together in NYC we ended up selecting the Thompson LES due to great deal for suite combined with other favorable reviews and its downtown location.Arriving from JFK mid-afternoon to be honest were initially slightly disappointed by reception area but once we headed up to room began to like and then love our selection.The suite was extremely spacious and the full height windows in our room on the 9th Floor at the back of the hotel let in amazing light &amp; gave us great views over the LES. The shower was fantastic as well and the kiehls products were great.Checked out the hotel bars on the second floor &amp; the seventh floor which could have been busier but struck lucky on the Saturday night and managed to get in to a private party on the seventh floor bar. We met some fantastic locals, all having a wild time, and talk about trashing a stereotype, everyone was amazingly friendly. Wandered out on the first afternoon and the area itself was slightly gritty but once we found our feet realized how fantastic not only the LES is but also how near we were to SOHO, the Village, Chinatown etc. and travel uptown could not have been easier on subway.Just round corner from hotel is Russ &amp; Daughters Appetizers, an amazing bagel shop, and great new bars and restaurants such as the Stanton Social &amp; Schillers. All this on top of the bars &amp; restaurants 5 mins away in SOHO and beyond. While in town checked out other hotels we had looked at including the Smyth, 60 Thompson &amp; the Hotel on Rivington and would say that while some of them had ,in our opinion, 'cooler' design to lobby areas the value for money we obtained at Thompson LES could not be beaten.In summary we loved the hotel room and its amazing views, the location and the great value for money. The area might not be to everyones taste as it is still slightly run down and edgier but it is very interesting and had cool bars and restaurants suited to a younger crowd.	
Mar 11 2009 	More Than I Expected	other places looked at staying were The W, the ritz carlton, radison, the hilton. Upon arrival, i was greeted on a first name basis, they had been expecting me. my flight arrived very early, and the room wasnt supposed to be ready until checkin time. i was put into a room 5 hours earlier than was supposed to be, and more importantly, i was given a room which i had requested but was undecided about, since this was a very important date, valentines day, this was a deal breaker. the room was big, very nice and comfortable queen size bed, very clean, had amnenties that most other uber expensive hotels did not offer, bathroom in all black slate, with flosted glass, ie huge tub, big shower room. the staff was friendly and was a great help on the dining suggestion given. upon leaving i was helped in keeping my bags, longer than the check out, as how my flight was delayed. the price was great, and i believe what i paid was far less than i should have. 2 night stay was 560, and given other stays around the world, i loved it, already have a stay booked for july 4th wkend, it helps i received an offer for complementary stay.	
Mar 2 2009 	Unbelieveable rate for a really nice hotel in NY	Stayed at the hotel over the last weekend in February. Got one regular room and one suite, the prices were incredible through Quikbook ($150 for a king bed suite with a pull out double couch and $120 for a queen bed regular room). I don't remember ever paying that little for rooms in NY and remember getting really awful rooms for $300 a night in midtown. The hotel is, as my husband put it, &quot;groovy&quot;. Very modern and &quot;stylin&quot;, typical NY. But also really nice, clean, nice soaps and shampoos, comfortable. For us the location was perfect. We also fit 4 college students plus my son, whose show we went to see, and one friend into the suite and the hotel knew we had too many people and just said nothing. They were so friendly and the service was amazing. My daughter and her friends had bought a pint of ice cream and called for spoons which were promptly delivered and later a blanket for the extra bed which came up immediately. We had breakfast at the restaurant since there were seven of us and we didn't want to try to fit in somewhere as many of the restaurants and cafes in the area are small. It was delicious, with a beautiful buffet and a great menu. Not cheap but it was worth it so we could all eat together and the room is really nice and light with lots of windows and nice muted colors (big orange lantern type lights, very tasteful). We were only blocks from the little theater we were going to, and ate dinner at a fantastic ethiopian restaurant a couple of blocks away. Transportation is very convenient. Oh and we had amazing views of the city on our side. It was a bit noisy as we were over a club which played til about 2 am, but we were up til about 1:15 anyway. As it was a Friday night, I don't know what that's like during the week. My daughter was in the back which was quiet.At this price, I would stay here over and over and even when it gets more expensive, I'd return. I'd pay double the price per room and more but happily, so far, the price is amazing. There were plenty of people in the place and the bar seemed to have people in it as well, so they may raise the price soon. If you are going to NY and don't mind staying on the lower east side, or even prefer it, this is a great place to stay.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed there with a TV crew. Perfect location to be in the neighbourhoods and out of the hustle bustle of Mid Town. Rooms are delicious and wonderful toiletries. Food is very expensive though.	
Feb 2 2009 	great hotel for location	stayed here twice in january. once had a very small room on 12th floor, then a nicer room on 16th. Both rooms were the queen/king sized superior rooms. I assumed the smaller room on the 12th was just a design quirk, but I am sure there other rooms of that size. Also, I had some small issues with a draft coming from outside. But as long as you kept the heat on in the room (which you needed since it's pretty cold in nyc during january) you did not feel it. The service and staff was great. The previous comments about a minimalist feel to the rooms is correct. The bathrooms were very clean and comfortable. But since this is new york city, you need to expect the rooms to be small, but the beds were comfortable and you had some great views. I would recommend staying on higher floors since allen street is a busy one. But there are great restaurants around there and you are a 5-10 minute walk from chinatown, little italy, soho, and close to many subway stops. I booked the rooms at quikbook, so I got great rates. Don't know if I would pay full price for the rooms, but that's more a reflection of my budget. I imagine it will be quite popular in the summer with the outdoor pool and bar. The exercise room was adequate but small.	
Jan 30 2009 	very friendly staff	Meant to stay at Smyth but not completed so got offered a room at the Smyth rate (quikbooks). This hotel in good location, with 2nd Ave subway, and wholefoods around corner.The weather was bad (snow and rain) and as the interior is dark made it look a bit dreary. The lights drove me a bit nuts - having to use the dim switch to turn off and on (or maybe I couldn't figure it out?!). Shower floor was uneven so bit of flooding after a while. Room was great size compared to some other hotels except I was on a lower floor (4th) and could hear the street noise (esp the buses idling nearby).Staff were really great, esp. the guys at the door and reception. Very friendly and helpful. Wanted to have a drink at the bar in the afternoon before my departure but not open, a shame. It was a crappy day weather wise and didn't want to venture out. You don't really see people coming and going so hard to tell if place is empty or full.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Hotel Great Nieghbourhood	Us 3 girls stayed at the Thompson LES for our second annual shopping trip to NY. Had made a great deal with the Smyth Thompson but as it wasn't opened on time we were offered the same rates here. Rooms - Two shared and I had my own room. Very cool and trendy. The concrete ceiling is a bit ridiculous but after the initial sighting I didn't notice anymore. The wooden floors are a bit cold - could have done with slippers. Loved the decor, the tv, the bathroom and shower - everything really. Had the most fantastic view from my room - ESB, Chrysler Building etc. Staff - young, extremely helpful and friendly. Didn't make me feel like I wasn't cool enough to be there like some places do.Didn't eat in the restaurant but had some drinks in the bar which had a great atmosphere and outdoor terrace. We were too busy to get around to checking the spa etc but will do that the next time. The neighbourhood is the best. Lovely streets full of interesting shops, bars and restaurants and within walking distance of all the places we wanted to be at night. We used the subway to get uptown during the day and it was great just to be able to stroll around this vibrant area at night. Loved Mole - the Mexican across the road from the hotel. Jose made the best margahritas and the food was great too. Sugar next to the hotel was great for a good breakfast with friendly service. We all agreed that we will definitely go back again both to the area and the hotel - if we get a good rate. Hope we do!	
Jan 26 2009 	Smaller than Small	Just returned from a one-night stay at Thompson LES.On the positive side, the room was pretty cool. There was an entire wall of windows, great linens, and an awesome shower. The location was also desirable.But do not let the deceiving pictures on Thompson's website fool you. If you book a &quot;Queen Superior Room,&quot; it is smaller than small. Well appointed, but tiny.The guys at the front desk were very friendly and helpful, but the manager had the personality of a dishrag. I had a problem with my reservation and she flat out lied to me on the phone and ignored me during check-in and check out.Unfortunately (mostly due to the actions of said manager) this wasn't the same level of service I have enjoyed at other Thompson properties. It felt like a poor man's 60 Thompson. Sure, the room rate is lower but they nickle and dime you at every opportunity.	
Jan 15 2009 	great place	I stayed at LES for 5 nights from Jan06 to Jan11. The hotel is new, I like the rooms a lot, we had a phantastic view towards Washington Bridge with a breathtaking sunrise to be seen from bed.Everybody working there was really helpful and friendly. The bar is open now as well and although they told us that they had not done much marketing yet it seems that the guests are not only from the hotel.Some very nice restaurants in walking distance.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great property and location	Stayed this past weekend after New Year's for 2 nights. Got a great rate on a King Suite, which is a very nice room with separate seating area w/ sofa, nice large flat screen TV, great shower, nice bedding. Great modern decor, a little &quot;cold&quot; for my taste, but very nice. The thermostat in our room didn't seem to work, kept turning the heat down but temp stayed at 74 degrees and the heat wouldn't turn off so finally turned everything off and slept with the window cracked (it was 25 degrees at night). Early Sunday morning the fire alarm went off around 6:00am, but only lasted a few minutes. We figured it was a false alarm and didn't leave the room. No mention of it was ever made when we checked out the next day. I'm sure these are just minor glitches that are common in new hotels; was very pleased overall with the room, the hotel staff, the bar/lounge area, and the location which was great! Very close to Nolita, SoHo, Bowery, etc. with lots of cool little restaurants/shops/bars around to explore. The bar and restaurant had just opened a few weeks before I believe, and while there was no one in the bar area when we went for drinks both nights, the lounge/bar is beautiful and worth checking out. Not sure if it was quiet due to the wkend we went after the holidays or if it is so new no one knows about it yet, but I'm sure it will be the hotspot, especially in the summer when the outside bar opens. We've stayed at quite a few Thompson hotel properties, and have been always been pleased. I probably prefer 60 Thompson to this hotel, but would definately stay at the Thompson LES again.	
Jan 6 2009 	Modern boutique funky but missing something..	I have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Thompson LES over christmas. I echo the last poster and would agree this is a great hotel if you can get it for a reasonable price. We got a deal on Quickbook for $99 per night. For that price I could not fault it. The Hotel is brand new, and modern. They claim that the decor echoes the surrounding LES. That is obvious in its modern, urban, minimalist decor. There is a lot of concrete, monochrome, urban looking everything. The rooms are spacious enough by NY standards. I was lucky to get a 17th floor corner room with views of ESB, and Chrysler Building. The beds are very comfortable with good quality linens. The shower is huge, and has a rain shower head which is very powerful. There were some issues with the water whilst we were there. It was brown &amp; murky, and was turned off totally for 1 day. The toiletaries are Keihls. The safe/mini bar etc are what you would expect from a Hotel of this standard. There is a large LCD TV, but very poor choice of TV stations and no ECD to assist in finding anything. The new restaurant &amp; lounge are open, and the food is of a good standard. Overall the Hotel does what it says, but I feel is lacking something in terms of atmosphere or soul. The quality of the amenities I'm sure will be improved when all the facilities are finished. The urban vibe feels somewhat cold, as did the restaurant/lounge space. I think the Rivington captures this essence much better. If you can get the Hotel at a good rate, I would highly recomend it, bbut for the advertised rack rates, I think you could do a lot better.	
Dec 30 2008 	Worth it if you get a great price.	Stayed at the hotel for 3 days right after Christmas. We were able to get a fantastic rate of $129 per night for a King Suite, on Quikbook. At that price, this hotel is definitely a steal. If i had paid more than $250, i would have been disappointed with what they have to offer.The Rooms - the suites are really nice: great design, still spanking new, very large, fantastic hi def tv's and channels. Problem with sound from other rooms though. I could clearly hear when my neighbour talked slightly louder or had their tv on.The Service - the front desk, bellman are pleasant and obviously trying to be very serviceable. But they don't have a very good check-in system that they understand. Had the wrong rate listed on check in, then the wrong name after registering, and their equipment to scan id's didn't work.The Amenities - none to speak of really. it's just the rooms right now. If you want a lobby space to hang out in, or a great bar, or a place to grab something to eat...this is not the place. But Lower East Side has a ton of places just steps away, so this didn't matter to us.So overall, if you can get a great deal, go for it. Otherwise, if you're paying over $250, i'd say stay at the Rivington or another hotel that is fully set up.	
Dec 25 2008	god i love this hotel	i am in new york about 14 times a year so have seen my fair share of hotels, but none i have fallen for as quickly as the thompson les.yea, yea, the rooms are small and not everything is working yet, but did you catch the view? i am talking wall to wall, floor to ceiling windows that provide a sweeping view of lower manhattan. the place is in spitting distance of anything you could possibly want to do in nyc, the front desk crew is nice even when you arrive jet lagged and cranky at 2am, and the soap smells so good i took a bar home despite years of chiding my father for doing the same when he travels. i felt like i was stealing when i booked the place for just $169 and actually had to pinch myself when i came back two weeks later and it was just $99. the concierge told me too many hotels had opened downtown and they needed to fill the rooms. my research shows similar steals straight through to march. yahoo.	
Dec 12 2008 	LES is less - very disappointing property	I stayed at the LES on a getaway without the kids or hubby with a girlfriend. Booked and confirmed on arrival a room with two double beds. Returned to check in and there was no room with two beds. It took them TWO HOURS of us waiting there to get the room issue resolved. When they did finally give us a room the TV didn't work, twice asked for a second bath robe that never arrived, in the morning they started construction above us at 7:00 AM , and to add insult to injury the drain was clogged in the shower so you had to stand in your own sludge to shower. Though they significantly reduced the rate and apoligized it really was a very disappointing stay.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great deal during soft launch	Booked a Wed night stay in mid Nov via Quikbook.com, for $175/night. Worth every penny given the location, cool vibe, comfort of the room and amenities (Kiehl's). Lower East Side is full of great restaurants, bars, shops and still feels like an ungentrified part of NYC (but that's changing). Soft launches at hotels down here tend to be good deals (I stayed at the Rivingtion several times during their soft launch) so long as you don't rely on the hotel for the public spaces or food. Room was typical NYC size, bed quite low to the ground. Internet service worked perfectly. Only concern was how ridiculously cold the concrete floors were - not much of a rug and there were no slippers in the rooms. Hotel didn't have a gym, but relationship with nearby gym - small, neighborhood place which is 5 minute walk away, very friendly and packed full of everything you need for a great cardio or weight workout. I'd stay here again -- but not once the prices soar after the soft launch period ends!	
Dec 5 2008 	I PAID $99 for a Thompson Hotel Hotel	I am not kidding I paid $99 for a Sunday night stay at a brand new hotel. I used Quikbook.com to find that awesome rate! I love checking out new hotels and was wondering what I could get for $99 at Thompson LES. I would say ALOT! If you are looking for the pool, then you should not book just yet. If you want a great location and great room, check it out now.But, the rooms are in great shape and seem to be complete. I was really impressed with the cool design.Also, I think the gym may not have been ready. All in all we had a great, cheap, stylish getaway.	
Dec 4 2008 	A stylish steal	Sure, it's not totally finished yet and we had some housekeeping glitches which were promptly and cheerfully addressed by the staff. But the superior room was stylish and surprisingly spacious with a great downtown view, comfy bed, excellent shower and unbeatable location. We loved staying on the Lower East Side with easy access to great restaurants and shops away from the tourist-ridden midtown. Rates are very low right now owing to the newness of the hotel and the sluggish economy - a great time to discover this gem.	
Nov 30 2008 	Hip and cool	This place is in a great location, even though my HQ offices are in Union Square. The cafe and bar have yet to open, but there are so many great places within 3 blocks who cares.I will be staying there again next week, then in January at the Thopmson Smyth in Tribeca. I used Quickbook and got great rates....I normally stay at the Ganesvort in Meatpacking District.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great hotel in great location	I really enjoyed my stay at the LES for 3 nights. We stayed in a King Studio which was very spacious, particularly by New York room standards. As expected from the hotel website, the decor is quite industrial and modern but not in a cold way. The bed was very comfy with great bed linen and the decent sized Kiehls toiletries in the bathroom are a nice touch. The large windows have blackout curtains and our room was very quiet with no street/traffic noise - we overlooked the pool at the back so we were not on the Allan Street side. The pool was filled with water whilst we were there but it is still not open to guests - however, given the freezing November temperatures, a swim in an outdoor pool was not all that appealing! The Thompson LES is still not finished as previous reviewers have pointed out and the bar and restaurant have yet to open. However, this did not affect our stay in any way, given that there are so many amazing restaurants and bars in the LES to choose from. The hotel is very well located (there is a subway stop across the street) and within easy walking distance of bars, restaurants and shopping in the LES and Soho.They are still sorting out some communication wrinkles in the hotel - we had to call a few times to get some wine glasses sent up to our room but aside from this, the staff were very pleasant and helpful. We got a great rate on the room - I suspect the actual rate for the room we stayed in will double once the hotel is finished, so go now if you can live without all of the hotel facilities!	
Nov 12 2008 	well I liked it!	I was a bit apprehensive about staying here given the negativity of some the previous reviews but I really liked it and enjoyed my stayCheck in was quick and efficient and our room was absolutely fine - it was clean and everything worked! We were in a corner room and so we had the most amazing views from the 2 floor to ceiling windows. Nice touches like the complimentary newspaper each morning and the water and brownie left in the room each evening were great. We also received a complimentary bottle of saki on our first evening and again on the 3rd evening we were there which I thought was a really nice touch. The shower was amazing, specially after a long day travelling. Mini-bar well stocked too.So the spa and restaurant weren't open but I checked this with the hotel before I left and they told me this and gave me a list of recommended restaurants and also the addresses of a couple of other spas/healthclubs in the area which could be used.Yes, it's a work in progress and construction is still going on but it's not like they are keeping that a secret! I think when it is finished, it will be great.Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone planning a trip to NYC.By the way, went to a great restaurant in China Town - Joe's Shanghai (Pell Street off Bowery) - the food was fantastic, especially the soup dumplings!	
Nov 9 2008 	Could do better and may yet	Stay: November 1st thru 8thThis place is still a work in progress, so I'll try to separate where the hotel is NOW from where I think it may be in a few months. Let me start with the &quot;now&quot; stuff.The Thompson website hasn't update it's page on this hotel for three months, and I guess the reason is that they want to allow readers to be misled. Their website says the gym, pool and spa are open. THEY'RE NOT. In fact the modular units for the pool were being delivered on November 8; construction people I spoke to implied that the hotel may not be complete for three months or more.The service elevators aren't working, so one of the three guest elevators is permanently reserved for construction workers, a second is used most of the time by hotel service staff, so for much of the time only one elevator is available for guests to cover 16 floors. Longish waits are the norm.The restaurant is not yet open, but they do have a kitchen working. As compensation for this, they have a &quot;hospitality suite&quot; serving free &quot;continental breakfast&quot;. This is just a joke. It's a converted bedroom, containing a vacuum coffee pot, paper cups and wooden stirrers, cartons of half-and-half, and a few assorted cakes. Room for about six people to sit at low tables. I went once and didn't bother again.OK, so there's a lot missing, and the question becomes how much are the hotel discounting their rack rates to compensate for these failings. Unbelievably, the answer is ZERO. The hotel management is in denial. When I was trying to book in mid-October, the rack rate for the King Studio Suite I wanted was $549 a night. I rang the hotel and asked what they were charging. The answer was $549. When I told them I knew that much of the hotel was incomplete, they said they couldn't reduce the rate. Totally ridiculous.So I found Quikbook.com who (I deduce) have block-bought a stack of their rooms and are heavily discounting the rates. Interestingly, as the date you want approaches, the rates they charge get cheaper and cheaper. I finally booked with Quikbook about 10 days before going there, and got a rate of $230 a day, which is a discount of almost 60%.When I checked in I asked whether the gym, pool and spa promised on the Thompson website were ready. When they said no, I told them their website said they were. &quot;I'm surprised at that&quot; said the receptionist. Nine days later the website hasn't been changed. BUT they have at last reduced the rack rates on the site. The suite I had has come down from $549 to about $320 (it varies according to the days you want) so maybe they've had a bit of a reality check at Thompson. Equally, it looks a s if ALL New York hotels are struggling to fill rooms, and are starting to reduce rates. Nevertheless, I think Thompson's cavalier attitude to knowingly lying to to heir potential customers is disgraceful. If I had booked direct with them at full rates, when I discovered that I had been scammed, I would have refused to pay the bill --- and I told them that at the hotel.By the way, Quikbook are still 30% cheaper than booking direct !Right, now I'll go through some features of the hotel which will still be around when the place is complete.The King Studio Suite is a good room, total about 520 sq ft gross. The bed/lounge area is open plan with a half-screen between. Bed very comfortable, as is the sofa in the lounge. Fabulous big flat-screen TV with all the channels and movies you could want. Pretty good cupboard and drawer space, a safe and a minibar (well stocked). The bathroom runs of that area to form an L-shape, and it's tiny by comparison at 12ft by 6ft. You need to close the bathroom door to use the WC, The shower is narrow, and you need to work your way round the shower door when you get in or out. The water pressure is too low in the shower, and the hand-held shower is ridiculously unusable. But it works, at least.The room has free internet connection. They have four Wifi circuits, but they're all UNSECURED which means you really shouldn't use them to log in to any important sites like banks. I told the receptionist the day I arrived about this, and she was very surprised and said she'd notify the management immediately. A week later nothing had changed, and considering it would take someone about five minutes to secure the networks, this is again indicative of a bad attitude and practice by the management.The room is not well soundproofed. Twice I was woken at around 4am by traffic honking horns on East Houston Street (which my room faced) - and I'm generally a heavy sleeper. Noise from other rooms (plumbing, TV etc) was also detectable.I was staying on my own, and I really liked the room a lot despite the couple of shortcomings. The staff are universally excellent. They're friendly and eager to please, and they're efficient. Housekeeping seemed a bit disorganised (I had to ask them after 4pm every second day to make up my room), but at least when asked it was done immediately.Finally the area. The hotel webpage describes Lower East Side as “one of Manhattan’s creative focal points” which is just silly PR hype. LES is just another fairly typical Manhattan neighbourhood. It’s generally old buildings with lots of small local shops and cafes and restaurants. It isn’t a great tourist area, although it’s a brisk 10-15 minute from Chinatown, Soho and central Greenwich Village. There’s nothing WRONG with it, but my first-time tourists to the city may not like it..And the bottom line is this. For what I paid - $230 a night - I thought the hotel was excellent value, and I really enjoyed my stay. At the hotel's apparent new rack rate of around $320 I would be unhappy. When complete, this will indeed be the luxury boutique hotel they set out to build. But in this area, I don't think it will command the original prices they set on the rooms. Their newly current prices look about right.	
Nov 4 2008 	Manhatten Hotel Lower East Side Highly recommend	I have just returned from overseas and when booking accommodation, I used trip advisor to get feedback from other travellers which I greatly appreciated. I am now returning the favour.I just came back from New York where I spent four days at the Thompson LES. The hotel is new and I would certainly recommed it to other travellers who are wanting a very well appointed upscale hotel. The service was great and I especially liked the rain shower in the bathroom. This hotel is on the Lower East Sde of Manhatten and if all you want to see is Times Square this is not the place for you. The Lower East Side is a bit grittier and I loved the area. There is a great Italian resturant next door who has wonderful pizzas. The subway is across the road. I booked on the hotel website and reviewed it a couple of times prior to travelling. Not paying upfront allowed me keep an eye on the price for the room. Fortunately the price came down so I was able to cancel and rebook at a cheaper price.	
Nov 1 2008	Very nice and great design	stayed for 5 nights, one of 3 hotels that we stayed in NY - the other being the Sheraton Towers and 70 Park Avenue. (will post rev on 70 Park Ave as the sheraton is the sheraton) i moved due to the getting good rates at each location.I would consider this to be the best in terms of design, decor (very minimalist and chic), room size, room ameneties, great size bathroom and love the rainshower.subway stop across the street, good eateries near by and walking distance to Soho. I could not ask for more. Concierge was great, I lost my purse in madison square, was found by a nice gentleman who called the hotel to inform them that he had found it (my hotel key was in there) and conceirge arranged for the delivery back to the hotel. Vanessa was very helpful, and sincere in her attitude.and thank you to for the lovely bottle of champagne in celebration of our 10th wedding anniversary, if i get a chance to come back to NY and can afford the room rates they are charging once they are fully completed, i would definitely stay again as I am sure that the rates will be in the $400 to $500 plus per night category. Not having a restaurant/pool did not bother us at all as we were out from lunch to midnight every day so I would say stay while you can!	
Nov 1 2008 	Vermin Infested and worst customer service of any hotel I've ever stayed at	Where do I start? The mouse running around my room at 2am or the complete indifference of the hotel staff regarding this incident. I booked 5 rooms at this hotel for my company. During my first night's stay, I awoke to the sound of a mouse rummaging through my belongings. I immediately called the front desk and their response was &quot;We'll call you back.&quot; The bellman came to my room and helped me move rooms. He proceeded to move me to a smaller room, with a smaller bed. Due to the poor customer service over the phone, I decided to walk to the front desk in my pajamas. I asked to be moved to a similar or better room than my original one. Reluctantly, they moved me to a bigger room that reeked of smoke. They informed me I was in a non smoking room but the bellman agreed that the room stunk. I was then moved to a better room and the only problem was the filthy sheets. I dealt with the filthy sheets. My colleagues didn't have much luck either. One of my colleagues was seriously injured when his bathroom counter collapsed to the floor. Since there were missing bolts in the counter, he decided to photograph this blatant safety violation. Being a professional photographer I think his photos will come out great and can only hope he uses them to file suit against this establishment. He was more upset with this ordeal than the 2 mice that were frolicking in his room. Eventually, I spoke with the manager and he did little to assuage me. He informed me that there was no record of the mouse incident and attempted to charge me the full rates. Although the manager was fairly cordial and completely unaware of the incident, after an hour of explaining my story he decided to cover only the first of my 3 night stay. I'm not sure if it was because I'm a very young-looking woman that they treated me like a nuisance, but one would think they'd be more accommodating to someone booking a bloc of rooms for a very successful event corporation. Needless to say, I will never stay at this establishment ever again. Since we represent myriad high-end clients in the Manhattan area, I'm not likely to recommend a vermin infested hotel with abhorrent customer service to anyone. This review is specifically for this location and I am in no way writing off other Thompson hotels. I have had much better experiences at the Los Angeles-area Thompson hotels.	
Oct 5 2008 	Beware	We booked the Thompson LES for its proximity to the Slipper Room where we had a photo shoot the next day. We were greeted by very courteous doormen and being early were told we could leave and they'd call us around 3. It was about 2:30 and we were told that their system was down and they proceeded to check us in using paper and pen. I guess we should have started worrying then. We never got the call and returned to the hotel around 3:30. Our room wasn't ready and we were told to go to the 15th floor hospitality suite where we could use wifi. Our shoot was meant to be monitored on the web and we were disappointed to get up there and find no way to connect. Calling the desk produced seemingly stunned clerks who promised to send tech support to check the issue. This never happened. After repeated calls to the front desk, we got our room at 5. Two hours late. There we were told we could plug in and get internet. Again, we could not. And again we were told that a technician would investigate and call us. After waiting bewildered and getting more and more annoyed I went to the desk and asked for the manager. Finally, she explained that their entire system was down and she had no idea when it would be restored. While not the hotel's fault, their staff was completely unaware, untrained or totally lying when they answered our earlier queries. They were nice but clueless. If they had told us initially we could have gone to an internet cafe and gotten 2 or 3 hours of work done, especially given we were checked in 2 hours late.Later that evening, we stopped at the desk again and asked if progress had been made. A man was also asking questions at the desk. We again complained about being checked in late, about no one having a clue what was going on, about trying to conduct business in a hotel with no internet. This man overheard everything we said and then got on the phone with the hotel's service provider. He asked some questions, nodded, hung up and left. We asked if he was also an annoyed guest and were shocked to find he was the owner! He had heard all we had to say and never even offered a remedy or some sort of recompense. If the owner doesn't care about his guests issues why then would the staff care.Indeed at around 7PM a maid walked into our room, no one heard her knock, said turn down and proceeded to draw the curtains and place brownies on our pillows. I do believe upon entering a room with guests in it, she should have asked if we wanted her there or not. We could have been in any state of dress or undress. This was just completely inappropriate.I hope this place gets better but it isn't cheap, it isn't finished and the staff needs a lot of training.	
Sep 23 2008 	Good location disappointing hotel	The place isn't finished yet, and lacks basic amenities like a gym, restaurant, bar and pool. The bathrooms don't even have towel racks. The pay-per-view movie system is iffy, and the picture quality on the flat-screen TVs is below average. Every room has an identical picture of a tree with an ugly fluorescent light behind it. I was hassled needlessly about an incidental deposit, and the tendency of the doormen to rush ahead of you in order to hold the front doors open is annoying. I stayed on a business trip, so my costs were covered, but if I'd had to pay to stay here I'd be really unhappy. Great neighborhood, though, once you leave the hotel.	
Sep 23 2008	Shambles	This hotel opened before it was ready, which is a disgrace. The pool wasn't finished, there was no restaurant, no fitness centre, no WLAN and worse no helpful staff. It was essentially still a building site where work commenced at about 8am.On arrival, we received a &quot;complementary upgrade&quot; on our room to a room with a balcony. Sounds good but the balcony was locked. When we asked for it to be unlocked we were told that they hadn't been safety tested yet. So no benefit from the upgrade. The housekeeping staff managed to lose a retainer that we had left in a glass of water by the bathroom sink. Five times we asked at front desk to be told that they would come back to us - nothing, no response. On check out, we were told it was lost and sorry. That's it. Subsequently, I had a $60+ charge on my Amex which I'm told by the staff is for dry cleaning - a service that we didn't use, wasn't on our bill and worse still dated from a time when we weren't staying at the hotel. I still haven't got the money back.Don't stay here. It will get better (you'd hope) as the hotel is finished, but the fact that it was opened when clearly not ready shows the scant regard for guests. The rooms aren't that great, it's expensive and the staff are unhelpful.	
Sep 11 2008 	Why pay more for (THOMPSON) Les?	Are you kidding? Even though none of it's projected perks are up and running Thompson Les is already dishing out attitude. I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the hotel during fashion week and I will never ever ever do so again. Besides the obvious snobbery the hotel experience in itself is just horrible!The rooms are cold and not properly insulated. You can hear your neighbors and doors slamming on the floor. It's a party hotel that is impossible to actual party in. NOTE: No sex at the LES unless you want a call from downstairs - I had to call it was embarrassing for everyone, and I was not alone. Constructions was happening two floors down and yes, you can hear it. While the raw look of the ceiling is intentional, there is a reason for insulation people...sound, temperature comfort, etc. Will they ever remedy this issue? Each floor has the oddest odor also, perhaps its just new carpet but it smells like vomit. An expensive candle on each floor would be nice. The cleaning service arrives at 8am and will persistently return every 15minutes ---so make sure you put up a do not disturb sign...8am really! Internet connections are an issue and the alarms....dear god the alarms!! I read that the construction of this glass monstrosity was cursed and it makes sense now. Never telling, how many artists and elderly people were evicted for the construction of the cheapest place on earth. When I was an artist living in New York in the 1980's the LES stood for something . . . artist, junkies, musicians, real individuals and characters. The Thompson LES is a sad, sad, reminder that all that was once tragically beautiful has been replaced with a shiny new glass facade. Yet, their attempts to be cool and hip are cheap, trite and well...transparent!Sadly sadly disappointed....back to the Hotel Rivington, 60 Thompson or the Mercer.	
Sep 10 2008 	We love the Thompson LES	Because our reservation in the new Thompson Hotel Gildhall in Wallstreet was not ok, we checked the other options ourselves on the pc in this hotel. Then we found the other Thompson hotel LES in the area lower east side, a neighbourhood next to SOHO. We decided to change and the hotel staff here was very collaborative. We reserved rooms in Thompson LES for a historic low rate because the hotel was not finished yet (no pool, gym, restau etc). We found a very trendy stylish hotel in a HOT neighbourhood that still has very original and authentic places.The staff here was very helpfull and always ready to help. Their staff was quite large so always a helping hand. Complimantory breakfast was great and served on a great terrace with splendid views. We are sure you will like it!	
Sep 5 2008 	Good potentatial when it is fully operational	Given previous reviews, I was somewhat anxious when checking in at the desk. First good surprise: I could get my room right away although it was only 1.30 PM. While I had booked a king studio (quite large and appointed with couches), I asked to move to another room, which turned out to be a queen, because of noisy neighbors (and also because the studio was rather dark).The two types of rooms offered the same modern, so-called industrial design; floor- to- ceiling windows, cement ceilings and and black wooden floor, shower with grey slates. Very Soho indeed and RIYL. The desk in the room was really narrow, but the bed was wide as was the flat TV screen.There are some interesting views from the rooms but it depends pretty much on which side and floor you are located. Some rooms, essentially those on Allen Street, are noisy. As other reviewers pointed out, there is virtually no service at the moment: no restaurant or bar, no spa or pool. In addition, most of the time, only one out of the three elevators was working. However, at the difference of a previous reviewer, I could get an internet connection (included in the rate).Also, a complementary, kind of basic breakfast was available in a small hospitality room on the 15th floor. This was not indicated when I booked my room and might be a sort of compensation for the .nuisance due to the ongoing construction within the hotel.Finally the front desk staff (with the men being especially elegant in trendy suits à la Paul Smith) was quite friendly, Most of them are young and some of them speak foreign language (notably Spanish). The bell guys were terrific and constantly servicing. I would not say the same of the concierge, who suggested restaurants by googling.The best part in this unfinished hotel is probably its neighborhood. Although increasingly invaded by tourists, the Lower east side is still a mixed and lively area of New York, with plenty of interesting shops, nice restaurants, charming streets and old fashioned buildings. An the Thompson LES is certainly a good base for exploring this part of the city.	
Sep 4 2008 	Nice hotel even if unfinished...	We just returned from a 2 day stay at the Thompson LES. We usually like to stay in Soho, but after getting an unbeatable rate on Quikbook for an average of $ 164.00 a day, we tried the LES this time. Actually this was our third stay at a Thompson Hotel in their opening phase. We had also stayed at their 6 Columbus and Gild Hall Hotel recently. The hotel is not finished yet, but we did not mind not having an in-house restaurant or pool. Check-in was OK, however there computer came up with a higher rate, but luckily I had a printout of my actual rate. I have been using Quikbook for many years and never had an issue before! We were told, that the room was not ready, but we could store our luggage and wait at their hospitality room on the 15th floor. Our question about an estimate when the room would be ready was never answered by the clerk, who seemed fairly unsure during the whole check-in process. We just thought, that we would stick around, if they thought it would be ready within the next 1/2 hour.We left the hotel and sure enough 15 min. later received a call, that the room was indeed ready. However we were already on the other side of town. When we returned later in the evening, we had to check-in all over again, since the previous clerk had not done it right, but the brazilian woman who helped us this time was very professional and also told us about the hotel and that a continental breakfast would be served in the hospitality room on the 15th floor. After check-in our stored luggage was nowhere to be found, however the previous bellboy had already brought it to our room during the day, which was nice - but lost in communication.Rooms were nice with hardwood floor, zebrawood furniture and all in all very modern sleek design. Loved the rain shower and the Kiehls amenities.Among all the 3 Thompson hotels, I personally thought the pastries served in the morning were much worse than at the 6 Columbus or the Gild Hall, but than it is hard to compete with the pastries from Bouley's bakery at the 6 Columbus. A plus was, that there was always plenty of complimentary Voss still water at the hospitality room! Another nice thing was, that when we called the hotel on our last evening, that we were on our way back from an early dinner and wanted to swing by the hotel with our cab to pick up the stored luggage, since we were running a little late to go the airport, the bellboy was already waiting with our bags in front of the hotel and we did not even had to stop to go in the hotel!All in all even with a few hickups, we had a nice stay, however having been at the Gild Hall as well as the 6 Columbus during their opening phase, I thought they were more professional than the LES.	
Sep 3 2008 	No Ready	We have a reservation to stay Sept 10th for 4 nights. I recently called the hotel to make sure everything would be up and running. They informed me the fitness centre, pool, restaurants and bars are NOT going to be ready until mid October. I will probably cancel and stay elsewhere. Rates are way too high for only receiving 50% of what is promised on the website!	
Sep 2 2008 	Great new hotel in SOHO	We stayed at the Thompson LES for the long weekend and had a great time. The hotel is new, so there were a few little issues that need to be sorted out, however we still loved the hotel.The service was excellent. All of the staff went above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. We had one issue with housekeeping. They did not make up our room on the second night. When we called down to tell them, they were ready to send someone up right away. Also, they provided turndown service the first night but not the second night- a little inconsistent, however not a big deal.The rooms are very nice. Sleek and modern. Spacious for NY standards. The pull out sofa is very uncomfortable though.The hospitality suite is a great place to relax. Nice terrace. Breakfast is served here. They provided fruits, coffee, water and pastries. Nice touch.The restaurant and pool are still not finished which explains the great price we got on the room.We would definitely stay here again and hope to go back when they are fully operating.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great hotel will be awesome when finished	We had an excellent stay at the LES, although it was not without a few hiccups. Beside the pool and bar not being finished many of the guest floors were not finished. Most of the time only one elevator was working at a time and briefly there were none. The staff was excellent. Every issue that we brought to their attention was dealt with promptly and efficiently. There were frequent apologies for the construction issues. Our room large by Manhattan standards and being on the 16th floor we had an awesome view. One story down was the hospitality suite where the continental breakfast was served. The patio here gave a sweeping view north, east and south of the building. The continental breakfast itself was decadent; cream puffs, chocolate croissants, and other sweet and savory pastries. There was also fruit and other standard breakfast fare.The decor at the Thompson LES is very sleek and modern and if that's not to your liking could be considered cold and unwelcoming. Some of the fixtures in the bathroom hav unfamiliar and sometimes baffling controls (there is a secret button on the shower control to allow the temperature to move higher that luke warm). The area is awesome with tons or restaurants and nightlife. There is a subway stop less than a block away.All in all a very nice stay. We'd like to go back once the pool is finished. I suspect the rates will go up once the hotel gets better known and works-out their remaining bugs. Hopefully we'll still be able to afford a stay there :)And don't forget to go around the corner onto Houston St. and hav lunch at Katz's Deli. Not just a landmark but amazingly good sandwichs.	
Aug 19 2008 	A Great Place to Stay	Stayed in August 2008What beautiful rooms! At night you can see the city lights. Floor to ceiling windows. A Great Location, close to many restaurants and shopping galore. Their restaurant and bar wasn't opened yet, but the front desk said they will open soon. Don't worry, plenty of food within walking distance. Staff at the hotel were plenty of help and very friendly. Not a bad price for NYC.I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Aug 6 2008 	A Construction Zone I mean a Hotel	Having just returned from staying at the new Thompson Lower East Side, I was surprised and dismayed at what I found upon arrival. This hotel is NOT ready for business. Beside the fact that the hotel was very much still under construction (NO fitness center or pool as advertised on the Hotel website), there was NO wireless internet connection and the elevators were essentially either not working or barely working. When I voiced my exasperation upon check-in, the management was certainly apologetic, but wasn't able to do much to remedy the situation. The staff were young and enthusiastic but had their hands full running around trying to operate this unfinished project of a hotel. I would certainly wait a while before considering a return engagement.	
Jun 22 2009 	Große Zimmer geniale Umgebung		
Apr 28 2009	schick und ausblick		
Jan 6 2009 	Tolles Hotel in genialer Umgebung		
Aug 16 2008 	Durmiendo en un edificio en construcción		
