Nov 18 2009 	A grand dame reawakens in splendor	The Pierre is one of New York's most iconic hotels and the Taj group have done a wonderful job in restoring the property to its former glory. I stayed for a few nights in early November and could not have been more enchanted. The location has always been beyond perfect, but the refurbishment that has been brought to both the public spaces and rooms is a great success. I very much enjoyed the classic yet contemporary feel in the rooms and was impressed with how the bathrooms had been reconfigured. The lobby atmosphere is lovely and only improved by the very charming staff that you come across throughout the hotel. A particular mention must go to the best elevator operators ever! I also shouldn't forget to say that the new restaurant Caprice and the new lobby bar appear to be quite the hot spots as both were busy well into the evening, even on nights earlier in the week when I was staying there. Overall, I hope Taj maintains the impressive efforts currently in place; if so the Pierre will be my only choice in New York.	
Nov 17 2009 	Absolutely Charming	I had a fantastic stay at The Pierre. I live in New York City and I am quite familiar with the local 5 star hotels, but my company recently put me up here during a conference that I attended so I decided to experience the city as a tourist. Check in was fast and easy (it probably helped that my company was footing the bill) and I was escorted to my room by a young lady who was charming and a great ambassador to the hotel. I have to say that I was impressed that the hotel still maintains its 'old-world' charm by employing elevator operators (who couldn't be more friendly) and by having maintained most of the architectural details during its recent renovation (I really enjoyed that they still have a functional mail chute, expansive marble lobby, and crown moldings throughout the building). The room was elegant and modern at the same time with beautiful furniture of a quality that I am not used to seeing in hotel rooms. The bathroom was fabulous with seperate tub and fully enclosed rain shower that I never wanted to step out of. The bed was perhaps one of my favorite aspects of the stay. I slept better there than in my own apartment. I didn't try room service but I ate in the lobby lounge, which has a small menu in addition to a surprisingly reasonably priced cocktail menu. Try the Gin Gin. It has fresh cucumbers and it is amazing. I've already been back to the lounge with friends and this drink is a real hit all around. I really must highly recommend this hotel. While I was inside, I felt like I was transported to a different time where 5 star hospitality was more than just flat screen televisions, pretentious attitudes and high prices.	
Nov 15 2009 	An absolutely perfect place to stay	Located right across from Central Park, the location is extremely convenient and is a cheap cab ride to just about anywhere in the city. Both the room and the overall hotel were in immaculate condition and the staff was extremely generous. From the doors being opened to the polite elevator attendant, we felt pampered the entire weekend.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great stay in NYC.	
Nov 14 2009 	One of the finest hotels of the World!	We have had an absolutely outstanding stay at 'The Pierre'. Since it reopened, it offers the splendor of the 'good old days' , with todays or even tomorrows touches: great athmosphare! Service and attention are impecable. The restaurant 'Caprice' perfectly redone - great service and food!'The Pierre' with its friendly staff - especially at its Lounge-Bar and Front Desk - is truely one of the finest hotels of the World! We are very much looking forward to return.Best location - splendid view to Central Park.	
Nov 10 2009 	Not ready for prime time - not now and maybe not ever.	The positive things first: friendly staff, great location. Those are really the only two redeeming things about this hotel. With so much competition in the hotel market in NYC, they are really going to have to do something drastic to compete. When we walked into our suite there was a very distinct odor of something like a damp basement. It never went away. When my husband saw the rooms he wondered what had possibly been renovated. The decor was nice enough but it didn't look that new to be honest. The bathroom was definitely new and was nicely marbled. However, for a suite it was extremely small. There was a single sink and the toilet was right next to the bathtub. The shower was decent and the fixtures were new. There is no powder room so any guests you have will be using your bathroom. The bed was very comfortable. The service was excruciatingly slow. It took over 45 minutes for a bucket of ice. It took 2 days for my husband to get internet service. The restaurant (Le Cirque) is not owned by the hotel and it took over an hour to have breakfast served. There were about 8 elevators but only 2 every working at one time. The rest were not in service. One evening we returned from dinner to find the security man and the plumber in our unit because someone on the floor above had left water running and the entire kitchenette was flooded. The did offer to move us but since we were leaving the next day, we declined. They did clean up the mess. The following morning there was non stop hammering going on below us and it took about 4 calls to the front desk to get it stopped. They are still doing construction out front so you have to walk around the barricades. We just can't ever stay here again. We're going back to either the 4 Seasons or the Mandarin where we usually stay. We thought we'd give this a try due to the renovation and the location but it's not worth the price in any way.	
Oct 31 2009 	A surprisingly poor renovation	The Pierre is a classic hotel which I have enjoyed in the past. It was indeed in need of renovation but the rooms had an old world charm. After spending US$100m on a renovation, during which the hotel was closed, I returned. What a disappointment. The rooms have lost their character, but worse there has been a lack of attention to detail. This is most obvious in the bathrooms. Two colleagues and I had exactly the same observations. One was hanging a robe next to the shower door that always got caught by the door, another putting the toilet too close to the wall, with a phone placed so close it always fell to the door. Examples of failures of detail that suggest the designer and management did not sleep repeatedly in a mock-up to analyze details of the design. Materials used are quite mediocre for a property of this standard. A colleague had a chance to talk to the manager who seemed quite defensive. Most surprising was his reaction to learning that one of his staff in the breakfast room had used his initiative to get various cooked items not on the menu from one of the kitchens. He did not praise the initiative to please a guest, but said it was against the rules and gave instruction that it should not be done the next day! I am doubtful I would stay again at the Pierre even though it is so ideally located. An unfortunate situation for the Taj group often has produced excellent hotels.	
Oct 27 2009 	elegant luxury	We stayed here for 4 nights from 11th - 15th October for our 5th wedding anniversary.The room we were allocated on the 7th floor was large for a standard room particularly in New York, with a walk-in closet , chaise longue, desk and small table with chairs and a wonderfully comfortable bed. The bathroom was small with only a big shower ( no bath which is not a problem for me - I believe other rooms do have one) but was all newly done in marble and had all the fittings needed.The staff were very friendly and welcoming and I loved the old fashioned touch of the bell boys in the lifts!As the Caprice restaurant was not yet opened a complementary continental breakfast was offered to all the guests in the bar, which was a nice gesture and helps for future goodwill!The only very small issue was that the air -con in the rooms is loud and when we turned it off and opened the window, our room overlooked the back of the hotel and the main air conditioning unit for the hotel was underneath us which was even more noisy. However it being October and not hot we just closed the window and didn't have a problem.This is a lovely hotel - 1930's style glamour with revamped up to date luxury.	
Oct 23 2009 	a huge disappointing fiasco	The first room was located right next door to a condo unit under construction with pounding and sawing all day long and plastic sheeting on the carpet leading to the elevators. The &quot;hotel&quot; has both transient rooms and owner condos so construction is always a possibility. But why put us in a room right next door to it! Second room(graciously changed and upgraded) had the oft-described noisy A/C(engineer tried to mute the noise and changed the air filter which was filthy)and no water one afternoon, with no notice beforehand. To shower, we had to put on a robe and go to another floor. When the water came back on in our room, it sprayed brown water over our clothes. This hotel reopened in June '09 but certainly doesn't have all the &quot;bugs&quot; out some 4 months later. It's not a luxury experience despite it's lovely furnishings. And the room service prices are ridiculous even by NY standards.	
Oct 18 2009 	Beyond disappointing-so many things went wrong	My family and I just returned from our stay at The Pierre, and I still struggle with how to put this experience into words. It was strange, to say the least. At times, I felt so invisible (despite the hefty price tag we were paying for our 8-night stay). I felt I got a very different response from the staff when it was just me and the sitter with the children. There was a different attitude when I would walk through the hotel with my husband in tow. There's an old-world charm to the hotel (but also an old-world mentality at times). You don't necessarily see it at first, but then it slowly pervades.Our experience: my husband needed to be in NY for work, so my children and I decided to tag along. We also brought our babysitter/nanny to help us with our 2 small children. The good points first: our 1-BR suite, plus connector was gorgeous, well-appointed, and super luxurious. We received a warm welcome---a room appointed with amenities for both us and our children. From there, it all went downhill...I focused this post on the 2 incidents, but there was an overall feeling of dissatisfaction. Our sitter was coming back by herself one day, and was stopped by a doorman at the front entrance. He did not believe she was staying at the hotel, and would not let her inside. WIth much reluctance, he finally did let her through the doors. She shared the experience with me, and I was dumbfounded. I didn't know what to say because I couldn't believe something like this would happen. That evening, I spoke with the night manager, who was quick to apologize to my husband and I. But we said that our sitter is the one who deserves the apology. More importantly, THE DOORMAN needs to be the one to apologize for his inappropriate behavior. We felt the situation needed to be addressed and rectified so that our sitter could feel comfortable throughout the remainder of our stay. The manager agreed, but said he would need some time to &quot;investigate&quot; the incident. After not hearing back from the manager, and several days of getting the runaround, he referred me to a different manager who said they were still &quot;investigating&quot; the incident. This manager asked if the sitter could come down to the front desk so she could talk with her about the incident further. She ended up apologizing, but still no apology from the actual doorman. At one point, the staff said they would send someone up to our room to apologize to our sitter, along with giving her some type of amenity. Nothing ever came of this. It was pretty clear they were trying to brushing the whole thing under the rug.There were also incidences of other door staff neglecting to assist us with getting our stroller in/out of the handicap-accessible entrance (the door was always locked from outside, and someone from inside the hotel had to open manually).	
Oct 15 2009 	Pierre Hotel- nice hotel but not sure I would stay there again.	The rooms in the renovated Pierre are beautiful but small. There is no coffee maker and I found that getting morning coffee was irritatingly difficult. The a/c unit in the room is very loud and goes on and off a lot since it is set on auto and can not be adjusted. We found that if we shut the inner curtain then the fan would stay on longer and be a street noise blocker. I got very little sleep the first night because of the constantly switching fan. Those issues aside, the room and the bathroom are very lovely. The staff was all very nice (except for the older man seating people for breakfast who kept ignoring me). The desk and concierge staff were very patient and helpful. The elevator attendants and doormen were also very pleasant. Great location. I may stay there again if I got another good deal and upgrade one more level to a larger room...they did not have any available but I did get a park view room. They really should a coffee maker in the room.I may sound like I am focusing on the negatives and it is a beautiful hotel but I do like a constant sound of a fan to sleep and like a good cup of coffee in the morning.	
Oct 13 2009 	Revival Extraordinaire	Former guest of the Mark and Carlyle hotels, I was pleasantly surprised to find the re-opening of the Pierre so lovely that I now opt to stay at the Pierre on my visits to NYC. It's a bit of a further walk to shopping, but it's a wonderful walk up Madison. With Central park right across the street, this luxurious hotel is one of my favorites!	
Oct 8 2009	My favorite place in NYC	We have just returned from a week at the recently renovated Pierre. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. The rooms and amenities exceeded expectations.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great look shame about the management and facilities	Looked great, nice room, expensive. If it had been at 3 star prices rather than deluxe prices it would have been great. So what didn't work.Aircon was so noisy first night that we couldn't sleep. Found out that there is no central Aircon so will always be noisy if fan is required to run. Internet access didn't work first morning. Lamps in room would not switch off and had to be yanked from socket. All except the aircon were fixed.Managers generally indifferent to issues.Hot breakfast not possible as no restaurant. Then $12 for a cup of coffee.Overall a miss.	
Jul 21 2009 	One of the grandest hotels in the world	This landmark hotel is by far my favorite hotel in New York. The staff members are wonderful. This is an old world experience. My favorite touch is the elevator operators. The hotel is cozy, the workout room and spa is fantastic. I have stayed at the Pierre often in years past. It is a real treat.	
Jul 11 2009 	THE most AMAZING hotel in NY	This is my first review, and only because I had such a nice time I wanted to dispell any negative comments from previous reviewers. We stayed at The Pierre in July 2009, about one month after they reopened from extensive renovations. ($100 million worth to be exact). So beware that previous reviewers may be talking about the old rooms that are now new. We came here for our one year anniversary, and it was the nicest, cleanest, and most beautiful hotel we have stayed at (and we have been to a lot of nice hotels in hawaii, vegas, california, florida etc.). The hotel just opened after a lengthy renovation, and we stayed in a suite. From the brand new bathroom, with Molton Brown toiletries, to the slippers, rain shower, thick/plush carpet, bose surrond sound, ipod dock, to the bed with flat screens, everything was beyond first rate. The staff was friendly and willing to do anything and everything to make your stay more comfortable. (as if it could be made better). The location is central and cant be beat (for shopping or the park or transportation to wherever). They opened a new lounge for late night drinks too. Since we had a suite, we had a desk with free internet, complete with a printer, fax, copier for our unlimited use (so if you have business needs, not to worry)The only downside is the price, but what else do you seriously expect for the nicest and classiest hotel in ny? Just beware that the doormen are not trying to be mean when they ask you if you have a reservation before they let you in the hotel, they just want to make the hotel safe, and not crowded by tourists since there are residences in the hotel (who can blame them, if this was my apartment building, I wouldn't want just anybody walking in either). My only offical complaint is that I didn't stay longer.	
Jun 24 2008 	Beautiful Grand Dame.	The Pierre is a great old hotel. Our room was very spacious and cozy. The staff were very helpful and attentive. It is in a great location, in walking distance to almost everything. The Pierre is a great hotel and if you get the chance to stay there, go!	
May 22 2008 	Pure Old New York	Every year my sister and I book rooms at the Pierre to celebrate Christmas. We bring a tree, our gifts and a couple of bottles of champaigne. We grab tickets to the Nutcracker or a play, hit the restaurants, walk Central Park. hit a holiday party at a friends and do lots of shopping. The Pierre is the perfect place to return to after a cold New York winter day. I don't understand the reviews that say the rooms or bathrooms are worn or outdated. I think the place is pretty perfectly charming. Also people who might complain about the value; This hotel is on the upper East Side of Manhattan. Located in basically in one of wealthiest zip codes in America. Life in this neighborhood is not expensive- it is very very expensive. The Pierre is worth every penny. The hotel is closed for renovations. I think it will be reopening in 2010. I am really disappointed that our family tradtion will be put on hold until then.	
Jan 30 2008 	Amazing relaxing New York indulgence	I was at the end of a 6 week holiday which included camping in Alaska and wanted to spoil myself. Even though I have plenty of friends to stay with in NYC, I wanted to try an old world, luxury NYC hotel. I picked the Pierre because it had been recommended by friends, plus I got an excellent deal. Although reviews on Trip Advisor were varied, I was sure I would love it, and I did. It was absolutely fantastic. I felt relaxed, pampered, and ooooh the bed was just divine. The hotel itself is beautiful. Be sure to have cocktails in the Rotunda (i think thats what its called) in the evening. An excellent way to end a hectic holiday!	
Jan 14 2008 	Best Room Service	-The Pierre's Room Service was simply the most memorable we've ever had. Very professional staff, courteous, food was delivered on time and with the correct tools. In fact we had a twin room and the table height was perfectly in line with the edge of the bed so that we could wedge the table in between and eat...awesome. Well done!-The first room we had wasn't stellar, we had a neighbour that was clearly on a business call to Asia at 3am due to the time difference. They moved us to an upgraded room the following day and it was very pleasant with a large bathroom, walk-in closet, seating area.-The Pierre's right on the edge of Central park.-The staff were great about handling messages and passing flight arrival information to my mom who was waiting for me to arrive from London.-The Concierge staff were able to locate some last minute Rangers tickets, couldn't go unfortunately.	
Jan 1 2008	The quitessential NY experience	From the first time I stepped into the lobby, I was welcomed with professional and interested help.I was greeted with a &quot;Welcome home&quot; by the bellman at the curb. This hint of civilization was indeed welcome after spending a week or so in the north woods of Maine.The previous week we stayed a couple nights to explore NYC. It is perfectly located to find the best chocolate store on the planet and all of the shopping you could hope for.I enjoyed the room which had the nice wallpaper and the while I did miss extra towels or bathrobes - they were available. A phone call was all it took for the little extras to arrive like a roll away bed for the kids.I got a few funny looks from some of the guest, taking them to high tea, but my kids are beautiful people we enjoy their company. I wonder how good they raise dtheir kids to have such a sour outlook. lol!Each time I stay I find something that will go wrong, like a bit of wood that showed up in a home made cracker- I'm glad I found it before swallowing! I experienced an apology by the chef. Thank you.The sheets in the room were clean and pressed.While traveling with the kids, there was good service helping us get around the city. From a driver who met us at the airport who helped reduce the chaos with 2 kids and 5 bags of luggage.I would prefer to focus on the positive aspects of the experiences and chalk up the rest as NYC flavor.I can't wait to see what the Taj has in store. See ya in a year or so!	
Nov 7 2007	Loved it! The people make the stay memorable.	I took my niece to New York for the weekend--she's 12--and booked a great rate through my corporate travel group. We were in a standard room, which was plenty spacious for two twin beds and room to move around. Traditional decor, but nice enough. Very comfy beds, and plenty of big towels, toiletries, etc. What made our stay really special were the people--from the front desk, who gave us an early check in, to the elevator operators (Khady, especially) who couldn't have been more wonderful, to the concierge, who, when we asked about the times for the Central Park Zoo, made sure we got free tickets to the zoo--and gave us extras when I told him my brother and his wife were joining us.And then there was the doorman, who when we were headed out to dinner and the theater,and asked for a cab, told us to wait for a moment, and summoned the 'complimentary Rolls' for us. Wow. Lucy and I were both dazzled. In short, service is what make a top notch hotel, and this was the best service I've received, anywhere.	
Jul 26 2007 	A 5 Star Experience	We were fortunate to find a great flight and hotel deal that allowed us to stay at this gorgeous 5 star hotel. This was our third visit to New York this year and this was by far the best hotel experience.Room was spacious, clean and lovely decorated. We liked the rear view which gave us an interesting skyline without the traffic noise. Out front you literally crossed the street and entered Central Park at the S.East corner. We walked through the park and down Museum Mile. Location also allowed us to walk to the Theater District, We were located on Fifth and 61st street.We only had breakfast there once as it was very pricey but we did enjoy Cafe Pierre on our first and last night in New York. The food is absolutely wonderful, the service friendly and attentive, and the singing by Ms. Landis a welcome addition.Concierge was helpfu with theatre tickets and always available. Attendants in the elevators was a different touch. The hotel overall is well-maintained, beautiful and comfortable. Would stay again in a minute providing we found another special rate as it is one of the finest hotels in New York and the cost reflects this.	
Apr 15 2007 	Worst Iconic Hotel Experience Ever - Asked for Refund	For my wife's birthday, I booked the Le Petit Pierre (children's) package for our family of 4. The per night rate for a 2-bedroom suite with living room was $1140 (Suites 1119/1121)...11th floor. Since it was a special occassion, I was game for it and I expected to be blown away...I was counting on getting one of the rare hotel experiences of my life. I certainly got that. The carpets in the suite were filthy...the upholstery and drapes in the room were from the 70's and looked like Aunt Helga's dress. There was a brick that was wrapped in the same material as the carpet serving as a doorstop. There were 3 Zenith 19&quot; TVs, the kind that cut of the image on the corners since the screen curves... I haven't seen one of these since the early 90's. The door handles and locks are very old...at least 25 years old. There were stains and food particles on most of the furniture, which was of poor quality. On the bedpost on one of the twin beds in the kid's room, there was a certain something picked and placed on the bedpost. The comforters on all the beds were thin...nothing that you would expect to see at a 4-star hotel. The bathtubs are of the standard issue small size for 1-person and there are 4 handles (hot-cold for the tub...hot-cold for the shower.) Old filthy shower curtains. The toilets in this particular suite were installed crooked, you can see that it doesn't align with the tiles on the floor in a dramatic way. I started writing a letter to the manager as soon as I opened the door to the suite...and the suite was very spacious. Considering how valuable space is in NYC, even neutral furniture quality and moderately new fixtures and furnishings would have been worth it even at $1000+ per night. But the cleanliness and quality was detrimental, rather than neutral. My wife repeatedly asked me whether I was mistaken in thinking that the Pierre was an iconic hotel since she was stunned as well. The staff was very friendly, but the service was poor. This rarely happens...usually rude, inconsiderate people result in poor service. Here poor service is institutionalized...meaning even a good, friendly staff can execute poorly and incoherently. .After pulling up at the 61st street entrance in our sedan for valet parking, the bellman brought in the bags, but the front desk didn't make sure that the bags were taken up...we took them up ourselves considering it was a one-night stay and it was only 2 bags. Still. The concierge was called for dinner recommendations...she said she would call back as she was helping another guest, she didn't. After dinner, my wife needed something picked up at a drugstore...she was told the fee was $15. I have never had a hotel charge for something like this (W, Beverly Hills Hotel, NY Palace..) This morning, April 15, it was pouring and we were 3 blocks away at the Nespresso store on Madison and we wanted to avoid the downpour with 2 kids in tow; we requested a house car to drive us to the Met. The concierge couldn't arrange for us to be driven from 64th and Madison to the Met as she told me the house courtesy car is only available for drop offs directly from the hotel. She rudely passed me off to the assistant concierge who also couldn't make it happen. Unbelievable. We cabbed it after getting soaked trying to hail one down.The rooms are big, the ceilings are high. The location is the best in New York. I am Indian, I was hoping that the Taj brand would represent renowned luxury. The Pierre is a hotel that expects to lure people into paying a premium for its status as an iconic landmark hotel and figures that remodeling is an unnecessary expense. Simply awful. Ask to visit suite 1119/1121 and see for yourself.	
Feb 20 2007 	Really enjoyed the Pierre	Hi I was a little worried when I saw the reviews of the Pierre, but it all changed when we arrived. We had an arranged airport transfer through the hotel which was much appricated after we finally got off our delayed flight. They contacted the hotel before we arrived and there was someone waiting to greet us and show us to our room (very nice way to check in)We had booked a dinner cruise that night (Valentines night), but due to snow the company said the boat had to stay in port, but we couldn't get a refund as we could still go for the dinner + dancing which we had no intrest in. The concierge got on to it and had our refund in minutes and a nice table at an Italian around the corner from the hotel for dinner (This really turned a disappointing stressful start to the holiday into a lovely evening which we really appriciated and on Valentines night I'm sure reservations wern't easy on such short notice)For the rest of our stay the staff were lovely. Elevator staff and doormen all friendly and helpful.The rooms were lovely if a bit old school and the bed was so comfortable. The closet is walk in which is very handy for shopping.The bathrooms are small for this price range, but great showers and Molton Brown toiletries as well as cotton balls, large towles, towling robes and all the rest.The location is ideal. Right on central park and 5th av shopping and theres a subway stop just at the corner.We only had breakfast in the hotel so I cant really comment on the restaurant.We got the voucher for the hotel stay as a gift, so price wasn't an issue and I know it is expensive, but while it may not have the large marbel foyer of some 5 stars (and i've stayed in many) it is lovely and the service is certainly great and you won't beat the location.The only negitive I had was the breakfast. It was so expensive. Many of the best hotels i've stayed in would have a buffet option, at least for the continental breakfast. This was all order per item and I thought $35 for eggs, sausage, juice and a coffee was a little excesive even in new york. However in its favour you could have it in the room for the same price, which we did on the last day and it was lovely.All in all a good hotel	
Feb 4 2007 	Over the Top Service	We spent four nights at The Pierre in mid January '07. Once we were upgraded to a nicer room on a high floor at a small ($50) additional nightly fee, my spirits and opinion of the facility and staff improved dramatically. They seem to be double staffed with long time experienced employees proud of The Pierre and anxious to make you feel comfortable there. Doormen are friendly and helpful, the courtesy cars to take guests nearby are a welcome perk. Great place for single women as elevators are staffed and the high floors only have a few rooms and no long corridors. Great water pressure in shower and bathtub. Happy hour at the bar is a bargain and we enjoyed a lovely lunch and breakfast in the Rotunda. Would recommend and would return to this excellent location.	
Jan 20 2007 	new year's eve weekend at the Pierre	I had stayed at the Pierre before when it was a four seasons and thought it would be a great hotel to stay at for new year's eve weekend. I had seen on trip advisor that it got mixed reviews since the taj took it over and wanted to determine it for myself.Before coming to New York City, my boyfriend and I had a very bad cold/flu and unfortunately knew it would put a damper on our nyc weekend. Even though we were sick, the top notch service and our hotel room made up for it. The rooms were big, clean, traditional and very comfortable with prompt and professional room service. No, the bathroom is not like the big marble bathrooms at the Ritz or the Penninsula, but the Pierre is not a new modern hotel. However the bathroom toiletteries, molten brown, and the shower water pressure were great! One day we were on our way to lincoln center and asked the hotel doorman for a cab and he offered the hotel limo instead which was a nice surprise. This hotel is definitely a 5 star hotel with an extremely professional and nice staff. I would definitely return and recommend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2007	old and tired resting on its laurels	This place has totally gone to the dogs since Taj Group took over. While the place still looks nice from the outside, the little details are all gone. The carpets are dirty, there are dusty fake plants in the public bathrooms, fixtures that are chipped, chaulking that needs to be redone. They're cutting corners and prices are still high. The high tea service, for $42, advertises loose tea, but instead you get a tea bag in your tea pot, albeit a big tea bag, but still, it doesn't steep as well. Little things matter at this price point. Take you money and go to the Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental or some other luxury hotel where they know what they're doing.	
Dec 17 2006 	Horrible Experience	First of all, the stay we had at the Ritz-Carlton Central Park, in lieu of the Pierre, was outstanding.We bought a two night stay at the Pierre, on ---.com, and paid with AMEX. Both the Pierre and Lastminute have refused to honor the purchase. I have contacted both the Pierre and Lastminute, as well as Taj Hotels. Spoke twice to Asst. Manager Justin at the Pierre. None have responded. I have never encountered a hotel at this level which would not honor a paid obligation, or at least return phone calls or e-mails. Taj is purchasing, or will start to manage, the Ritz in Boston. Hopefully the same poor management and the total disregard of proper business practices will not occur.Unfortunately, this is headed to small claims court, which strikes me as ever so silly.The one dot rating is somewhat unfair since I have never been able to stay there, but somehow even though unfair, it is quite just. Perhaps through Tripadvisor, they might deem me the courtesy of a response.Caveat emptor. E-mail for further info before you reserve.Alain Ades, M.D.aadesmd@yahoo.com	
Nov 21 2006 	LOVED THE SUITE AT THE PIERRE HOTEL	Wow!, just returned from one nights stay at the Pierre in NY City, i am not sure what is with the Negative reviews, this hotel was first class all the way,booked a superior room was upgraded to a two bedroom suite,soft king size bed,the other room had a couch and a desk, the room service was excellent, , as was the dinning at the caffe pierre we where celebrating our wedding anniversary, ,they sent up wine and cheese and fruit i have stayed at other 5 star hotels, such as the ritz carlton nothing compares to the experience we had at this hotel if you can try to get a room on the 12th floor,you are right on 5th ave and central park, the location can not be beat, with all the 5 star hotels in NY city, this is one of the nicest.	
Sep 28 2006 	Needs renovation and roaring AC	The Pierre is a nice hotel but the AC in my room was roaring and made sleep a little bit difficult. Beds are comfortable, rooms are clean, concierge desk very helpful managed to get me a table at Jean-Gorges on short notice. Some new paint and lighter colors on furniture and carpets are needed felt a little bit heavy and old. My room was large compared to other New York hotels and comfortable but needed a little bit of refurbishment felt old but they had done their best to cover spots and room was clean. I had a corporate rate of 330 and for that it was good value but on ordinary rate go some place else. Old school hotel with people running the elevator and staff all over the place. What all the staff did i can not understand..	
Jun 21 2006 	warning!!!!	Since this property has changed hands, (Four Seasons to Taj) sevice has taken a dive. It was possible to overlook the tired decor and snooty staff when the Four Seasons managed the hotel, but now all of the warts on this old dame are visible. Service is non exsisitent , there is no such thing as a non smoking floor and the snooty staff is now just plain rude. At this price point, theere are a number of great alternatives, I suggest looking elsewhere.	
Apr 10 2006	One of the Best in New York	I just returned from a two night stay. I reserved a King Deluxe Room. Upon arrival I was greeted promptly, and escorted to the front desk. Even though check in was at 3pm, they had my room ready for me at noon. The staff is what makes this hotel so nice, they are genuine and care about the guests needs and requests. Rooms are classical style, with black and white marble baths. I was in room #1435 which didn't have much of a view, but it was quiet and immaculate. Turndown service was great, they go the extra mile to make sure you're room is turned down before you arrive back to the hotel. In short this is a great luxury hotel, very expensive at $500 a night, but if you have the cash, then a stay at the Pierre gives you the true New York experience.	
Feb 20 2006 	Not Good Enough	Spent a night at the Pierre during business trip. My company had negotiated a 'discounted' rate for my room of $370 versus the usual $550. I just don't think it was worth it. OK, the room was large with a king-sized bed. But the bathroom needed updating and the free toiletries were minimal and unexciting. Where were the reams of fluffy towels, extra pillows and luxurious toiletries that make a hotel stay special instead of ordinary?And at those prices, I really objected to the surcharge for broadband Internet access! I also hate the type of access where you have to sit at a desk to plug in, instead of broadband wireless. That said, front desk staff were extremely welcoming. Service in general not bad, but instead of paying people to hit the elevator buttons, upgrade the bathrooms and give guests free Internet! Compared to its 5-star peers, the Pierre is a hotel coasting on an past reputation. Glad I wasn't paying.	
Dec 30 2005	If you want elegance excellent service and fantastic location...	If you are looking for elegance, excellent service and fantastic location...stay at The Pierre Hotel in New York! The hotel is beautiful with a staff trained to make every guest feel very special. Our &quot;premier room&quot; was very large and immaculate, but could have had better lighting for reading. The bathroom is adequate, but needs updating and we were told that the new owners plan a major renovation in the near future. Our dinner in the dining room was outstanding as was the excellent &quot;substitute&quot; pianist. The hotel's location is perfect for all 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue shopping and we would highly recommend a stay at The Pierre.	
Dec 16 2005	Personal and Elegant...	We just returned from a magical trip to New York where one of the highlights was the staff and accommodations at the Pierre. There was not one thing that we could say that was not done first class. We have stayed at some the top hotels in the world and this experience was second to none. Our Children were greeted by name by the very friendly bellman and elevator operators. Cookies and milk was waiting for them in the room upon check in. The location and accommodations were even better than I expected. When you leave the hotel to go to the theatre or shopping you were offered the hotel's new Rolls Royce. It truly felt like we were staying in a Private residence not a hotel. We can't wait to return.We used to stay at the Plaza and there is absolutely no comparison.	
Nov 8 2005	Above Agerage	This was a wonderful hotel, old world style like others have mentioned. Away from noise, beautiful bar...very quaint. If you stay longer than a few days they know you by name. Would defiantly stay here again. We did &quot;chauffered&quot; in the Rolls Royce!	
Oct 18 2005	Run down and overpriced for what you are paying !	We stayed at this hotel after our cruise and found it to be sadly in need of repair. Our bathroom leaked, marble tiles were cracked, and the bath tub had a coat of paint because it was so old and disgusting ! The room was small and the carpets were old and the furniture is cheap and worn. We couldn't believe that this was a five star hotel charging that kind amount of money. The food in the hotel was fine but expensive. The service was also fine. The hotel is well situated next to Central Park.	
Oct 6 2005	Nice but room sort of a let down	I stayed at the Pierre (now a 4 Seasons too) earlier in the year. We got a corner suite with a view of Central Park through lovely bay windows- very exclusive. When I first entered the hotel I noticed the security is very strict and they treat guests like VIPs, phoned the room I was going to, making sure my boyfriend said it was OK as I was officially a visitor! All in an old world, Euro-style building, that looks like something from the salons, dining rooms you'd find on the Titanic. It's that very grand style. Also lovely cafe/tea room with ornate wall hangings.The elevator operators are very friendly and treat you like VIPs. This I have not noticed at many other hotels, but it's something the Pierre specializes in. I also noticed some escorts w/senior gentlemen in the elevator a couple of times...The front room had an office area with a desk - fine furniture in I think mahogany or oak, a wooden chair, a small table, in a windowed room. There were 3 closests in the room. The king bed was nice and I asked for foam pillows, which were brought up fairly quickly. The clothes closet was large and had a small cabinet in it, too. The bathroom was a disappointment - art deco style I think but chipped tiles, not a large bathtub but the separate shower was ok. The toilet wasn't modern looking either... Amenities were not big name and I didn't enjoy them in particular. I took a bath there which was nice but I think the bathtubs at the 4 Seasons in midtown are much nicer (sunken, modern) - marble in bathroom there, too.The dining room (for dinner) requests that men were a jacket. If you don't have one it's ok - they will lend you one. It's probably one of the only places in NYC that does this... I felt like I was in Boston. But it's just part of that &quot;old world style.&quot; Service is basically white glove and they bend over backwards. The food is lovely and there's a nice selection and a good wine menu. Breakfast was even better I thought - more white glove service and excellent food - I had Belgian waffles which were great. I'd love to have my breakfast there anytime. I felt like a princess!I have to say the room was just not that impressive. Definitely not &quot;sumptuous&quot; though classy. On the second day, maintenance visited 3 separate times to try to fix the mini bar, which had stale nuts. I complained to the front desk when we checked out and we didn't have to pay for our nuts!This is a lovely old fashioned grand place to stay in NYC but if you like streamlined modern decor, try the 4 Seasons in midtown or the Central Park Ritz for a warmer feel.	
Sep 12 2005	Lovely hotel	My wife and I stayed for 4 nights in the Pierre and we had a fantastic time. The hotel is right on 5th Ave overlooking central park and very close to all the major shops (Barneys; Bloomingdales; Saks etc). It is very ornate in an old worldly New York style (ie more like the Waldorf or Plaze than the Mandarin Oriental or Peninsula). It still feels like a Four Seasons even though it is now part of the Taj group of hotels.Our room was large by NYC standards, in excellent condition, and was exceptionally quiet (no traffic noise). The staff were very friendly and Don the concierge is particularly worthy of mention - he simply could not have been more helpful. One night while we were leaving the hotel the doorman offered us the hotel's new Rolls Royce for a courtesy trip which was a lovely touch.I would rate this hotel very highly and would have no hesitation in recommending.	
Jul 11 2005	Needs a lot of improvement under new Management	Rooms (moved around 3 times) are in serious need of renovation - stained carpet, chipped bathtubs/marble/walls. Foul stale smell on the floors. We indeed checked out and moved to Ritz after spending 1 night and had an awesome stay from there on. Pierre Bellman/Doorman have this attitude thing (no help with luggage maybe because we were dressed in casuals and hailed a yellow cab). No offer for their use of courtsey car (whose driver was standing next to doorman and simply smoking) even when we informed Doorman we are moving to Ritz CP! Front Desk didn't even bother to ask why we are shortening are stay and that they are loosing $1800..guess no one cares	
Apr 19 2005	Magnificent Hotel	A fabulous hotel. We would absolutely stay here again. The hotel is all about service and elegance and succeeds at both. The staff is professional and attentive. A great place to stay.	
Mar 23 2005	Don't believe many of these negative reviews	It all has to do with expectations. If you're a self-important jerk who thinks the world revolves around you and if you demand nothing less than perfection from the staff of every hotel you visit, then the Pierre isn't for you. And neither are most fine hotels. But the Pierre works quite nicely for me.My wife, kids (ages 7,4, and 2) and I stay at the Pierre a few times a year and absolutely love it. We love the staff who seem to take a genuine interest in us and our children. Remarkably, the staff has changed very little over the years and we know many of them by now. The rooms are very nice and large by New York standards with lovely marble bathrooms and nice amenities. The hotel has an &quot;old New York&quot; feel and is quite grand (especially at Christmas), but I wouldn't describe it as dated or tired at all.The location is great. We love to stroll through the upper east side and shop. The kids love the fact that the park is right across the street and we usually stop by the Central Park Zoo, which is minutes away from the hotel. For families, the hotel has a great package that gives you two adjoining rooms, breakfast, milk&amp;cookies for the kids, treat bags/games for the kids, candy box from Dylan's, all for about $700/night.I've stayed in other grand NYC hotels (Carlyle, St. Regis, Plaza, Waldorf) and liked them all, but the Pierre is my personal favorite	
Feb 27 2005	Like Your Favorite Old Cashmere Sweater	Like your most comfortable old cashmere sweater, the Pierre wears like it fit from the first day you tried it on. Quiet, comfortable, and yes, old-fashioned, everything is done to make you feel like the most important guest of the moment. For the standard corporate rack rate, we got a huge room with sitting area, a large double-sink bathroom and the most comfortable bed we've ever slept in. The Cafe Pierre with it's faux-rococo ante-room provides a calm, unrushed oasis of murmuring service with steaming hot tea or icy cold martini's in an adult manner and atmosphere where you can actually hear yourselves think and just barely hear the rustle of your neighbor's mink. Ladies, get a pedicure from Ines in the Salon Dominique, and Gentlemen, if you want the shave of a lifetime, ask for Robertina. The main thing is, take your time to enjoy the hotel, and you will definitely want to return.	
Feb 1 2005	Overpricedstay at the Palace!	I have to say the location is nice but there are better hotels than this in New York for the price.I would stay at the New York Palace before the Pierre again.The service is okay and some of the staff seem stuffy.I do not recall anything outstanding about the property.And we have stayed at many different properties in the city and I had always wanted to stay at the Pierre so my husband finally gave in,he does not have to worry about that again.	
Jan 23 2005	Old style Fifth Avenue hotel	Stayed at the Pierre for 3 nights. Wonderful old style boutique hotel on Fifth Avenue opposite Central Park - fantastic location. Room was spacious and comfortable with traditional decor. If you want a modern hotel - this one is not for you! My wife loved the Bulgari bathroom products. Slight hiccup one day when the room lock malfunctioned and the lower door panel had to be removed so we could clamber out! Staff were extremely apologetic, however, and gave us 50% off that night's tariff. If you want to experience traditional style Fifth Avenue we would definitely reccomend this hotel.	
Jan 19 2005	Pleasantly surprised	Stayed here for 2 nights this past weekend, and was pleasantly surprised. (I must said that after reading most of the negative reviews I was not expecting much) The staff was professional and anxious to help, up to Four Seasons standards. The room was large enough to make the king size bed look small (unlike my experiences at the Waldorf or Marriot Westside), except the TV was tiny, I don't think it was even a 19 inch. Everything seemed clean and new, and the bed was the most comfortable I've slept in. My only complaint is that it was very noisy, throughout the night I can hear machinery sounds( the elevator?), I'm a heavy sleeper and it sure bothered me, I can't imagine what it would be like to a light sleeper. Overall I would recommend this hotel, especially the location can't be beat if your plans include shopping in the fancy stores.	
Nov 14 2004	Adequate but not stellar!	My husband and I stayed at The Pierre for a week in September. The location, of course, is great. But I found the hotel a but &quot;stuffy&quot; and pretentious. I don't care for elevator operators (after all, if I can't push my own floor button, I should stay home!!). The room (jr suite) was very nice and spacious, but it was pricey. I would not stay there again. I would rather try a different hotel, or go back to my favorite--The Michaelangelo over on 51st and 7th Avenue.	
Sep 5 2004 	There Are Many Betters Hotels for The Money	I love the location of this hotel. However, that's about it. I went for a quick overnight business trip, and wound up in a room not much bigger than a walk in closet. Although it was clean, and it was apparent that the hotel had tried to make it confom to Four Seasons standards, it is not even remotely close to say, the Four Seasons Chicago, or the Four Seasons Toronto, or other Four Seasons Hotels. Based upon my experience, this is, at best, a 3 star hotel. Frankly, given its wonderful location, they just need to gut the whole place and bring it into the 21st century with decent sized rooms and elevators that don't creak.	
Jul 6 2004	Looooove the Pierre		
Jun 16 2004	If your looking for an 'escort' this seemed the place to be..		
Apr 26 2004	Not up to Four Seasons Standards		
Feb 22 2004	Fantastic Hotel will stay again.		
Nov 24 2003	A very special birthday!		
Nov 20 2003	Horrible Experience		
Oct 20 2003	More is less		
Mar 11 2003	Stay at The Four Seasons Hotel On 5th Avenue Called The Pierre		
Mar 15 2002	one horrific experience		
Mar 11 2002	Spend your money elsewhere		
Nov 14 2009 	Best Stay in New York		
Nov 13 2009 	Ein Hotel in dem der Kunde noch Knig ist.		
Oct 20 2009 	Le plus snob mais le meilleur		
Mar 19 2009 	Sublime!		
Jul 31 2008 	?????????????		
May 30 2007 	incredibile		
