	Perfect bolthole	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on a pre xmas shopping break in November 2009 and found it to be a really good choice, the rooms are very small as per some of the other reviews, and as a result storage space is practically nil, and the free WiFi isn't really worth bothering with because it keeps dropping out. However they are the only negatives of the hotel, the location is great for access to Soho, Noho &amp; Greenwich village on foot, while the uptown madness is also only a short ride away on the F V subway line or by foot also.I noted one of the other reviewers complained about the price, saying he was paying near £250 a night, I'd also be insensed if I was paying that much but we picked the East Houston for economy and location, paying only £130 a night and to that end we feel we got what we paid for. Rooms are clean and the shower room, while having one glass wall which isn't ideal, is a reasonable size. Decor is attractive while being unremarkable, in the flock wall papered style favoured by 'boutique' hotel proprietors. There is an iPod docking stereo in the bedroom and bulgari toileteries in the bathroom. Most importantly the room was clean and the the bed comfortable, even if you may be disturbed by the traffic and street life outside, but you'd have to expect that from a city that never sleeps.	
	Beautiful boutique hotel at great location with friendly staff - and a fabulous roof-top lounge	Very nice design-hotel. rooms are quite small but location is great for restaurants, bars, museums, galleries, shopping.. even breakfast is included - a small but good and healthy breakfast buffet. very friendly and helpful staff. the only thing I did not like: the dirty breakfast tables. I recommend this hotel!	
Nov 21 2009 	NOT a boutique hotel - smells dirty looks tired messed up reservation RUDE staff HORRID expereince	From the second we walked through the door, our experience at East Houston was my worst hotel experience to date, at a very high price. You can get so so much more for your money else where.As we came into reception we were hit by the smell of dirty mouldy water - i think this was maybe what they were mopping the area with - dirty water, nice. Then we discovered they had totally messed up our booking - these things happen, but it was the way they dealt with it that left us sad and still angry.We'd reserved 4 nights at approx £240 per night - pretty expensive - for a superior queen room. When we arrived they said we had to move to a twin room the next night and another the following night, and didn't understand why that would not be ideal for a couple on a romantic break, the only other option was a tiny double directly off the ground floor lobby with no window where we would again have to move around the hotel. There would be no discount they said! Fine we said, as you cannot fulfil our aggreement, we'll find somewhere else tomorrow and just stay tonight. We had to argue in reception for almost an hour to get them to agree to this and not charge us for 2 nights stay, we actually were charged for 2 nights, and had to deal with the manager for another hour to get the refund the next day.The rooms are teeny tiny, look tired, scuffed and scratched floors, walls and furniture, old toothpaste splattered up the bathroom wall, and very very loud air con. Having glass bathroom walls is ridiculous for sharers - if someone needs the bathroom in the night the light wakes the other person up!TV didn't work and we really did not want to have to spend more of our short holiday speaking with staff there to try and get it sorted [it probably wasn't broken but on the wrong setting - control didn't work with it]. Internet free, but very very slow.Breakfast is served in the basement and would be fine for a budget hotel or hostel, but seriously embarrassing for a so-called boutique hotel. cheap flimsy tiny tables and school chairs. the actual food and drink was fine, but at the price we were paying, very disappointing.So we went around the corner, into the reception of a proper boutique hotel - a famous trendy chain - and were welcomed so nicely, and given a beautiful huge room with floor to ceiling windows on 2 walls AT HALF THE PRICE per night. Only reason I am not naming is because I went back to NY recently and it was fully booked and I want to stay again soon! Sorry.This is the first time I have ever had to write a bad review of anything online, and I am still angry at the huge waste of money. If you get this for a low budget price like $100 a night, it's fine, but do not believe the nice pictures or description on the website - you will be disapointed if you pay boutique hotel prices and expect the service to live up to expectations. This is a BUDGET level of service and decor.	
Nov 19 2009 	Everything I hoped it would be....and a bit more!	Chose this hotel because the website had great photos and...it was very close to a medical facility that a friend a mine is currently residing at.Let me say first off that this is a 'boutique hotel'. If you are wanting Waldorf-Astoria amenities, you will not find that here. If you WANT the Waldorf...stay at the Waldorf. If on the other hand you are looking for a cozy, affordable hotel with helpful 24 hour front desk staff, daily continental brkfst with excellent coffee, 24 hour rooftop terrace for your leisure moments and 24 hour use of computers in basement area..you're at the right place! The location could not be beat. Such an easy walk to subway stations. Katz's Deli 2 blks east of hotel and Whole foods market 2 blks west. Very close to China Town, Little Italy and nightlife. I'll agree that the rooms are not huge but traveling solo, I did not mind one bit and once again...'boutique hotel' so it's what I expected. My Queen room was lovely and immaculate! Bed was comfy and bathroom was spotless as well. Slept great at night. Windows must have been soundproofed! Room had a flat screen TV, hairdryer, alarm clock, terry slippers. Maid service came daily and they did a great job...left plenty of Bulgari toiletries and bottled Fiji water. I had only one carry-on with me and I did not have clothing that absolutely had to be hung up. Room only had a small wall unit for hanging clothes up top and a few folded clothes below so I can see this not being convenient for a guest who is there for a week or more with loads of luggage. 7:30 am to 10:30 am Cont. brkfst in the basement area was outstanding probably because it's so similar to the type of breakfast I have at home each day...great assortment of bagels, breads, croissants, cereals, cheeses and crackers, fruit, yogurts, juices, Hot tea, cocoa and some of the best coffee I've had in a while! Seemed like they kept the hot tea, cocoa and coffee available for guests through the day. The rooftop terrace on the 7th floor was amazing! Even though the temps are not summerlike at the moment, I made my way up there each AM and each evening...(with my hot cocoa) so I would not miss out on great views of this beautiful city! I enjoyed this wonderful hotel which I will definitely recommend to friends and will plan to stay at for all of my New York visits!	
Nov 10 2009 	Don't get much for your money here.	If you don't mind that your room is NEVER made up till at least 5:00 p.m then maybe you'd like this hotel. The hangers in the closet cannot be reached without a chair unless you're at least 7 ft tall. Do NOT get them to book you a cab even if you're leaving at 4:00 a.m. as they call THEIR cab which charges DOUBLE the going rate. Otherwise it's a clean hotel, the staff are polite and the breakfast is fine. It's right across from a subway station which is handy. I would not stay here again mainly because of the rooms not being made up. It 's awful to come home in the afternoon to put your feet up and see everything the way you left it. We stayed 5 days.	
Oct 13 2009 	The best hotel I stayed in NY!	It was my 7th trip to NY, this time I was going alone and I was pretty concerned about choosing the ideal hotel for my 7 days of vacation! After I've read all the reviews about east houston hotel it was easy to decide - All the reviews were good! It was the fisrt time I stayed in the Lower East Side and I could stay the entire week around the area, trying the several bars and restaurants.It took also a short walk to Soho or East Village. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was really small but still it was modern and clean - I simply hate carpets and I always prefer wood-floors. Wi-fi was available for free. They have a very nice rooftop where I could realx in the end of the day - The view was great, I could see the Empire States, Chrysler Building,...Breakfast was good, they served very tasty croissants, pain au chocolat and pain aux amandes. There were also yogurt, cream cheese, a good choice of assorted cheeses, milk, jam, tea and coffee. And all that for USD199 + tax (Stanton Full Room). I've definetely found &quot;my place&quot;in the Big Apple! I highly recommend it!	
Aug 8 2009 	A great place to stay	I was a bit worried at first not knowing the surrounding area, but that was soon gone as we found it to be a very cool upcoming hive of activity. Loads of great bars and restaurants all within a stones throw from the hotel.The staff in the hotel were all very helpful and polite ,yes the rooms were quite small but we were only sleeping there, we had room 603 which was a corner room with views of the Empire state building and the Chrysler building !Subway was right next to the hotel with a fast route to Times square and Central Park.Fantastic Mexican restaurant just around the corner on Allen called &quot;Mole&quot; great food great atmosphere.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who just wants to have a great time. Thanks for a great stay.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great place to stay!	The location was great with easy access to everything we wanted to do. When we checked in the staff offered to store our bags and deliver them to the room as soon as it was available. The front desk clerk recommended places for brunch or coffee since it was mid morning. The room was small (it's NY!), but clean, modern, and comfortable. I have to warn you that the bathrooms in the rooms are not for people who may be shy - there's a textured glass wall separating the restroom from the rest of the room. I'm not shy, so it didn't both me or my fiance, but it's something that should be known. Loved the Bulgari bath products! Breakfast was fresh and delicious with pastries from Balthazar bakery and gourmet coffee. The staff kept our luggage again while we toured the city on the day of check out. They even allowed us to use the hotel's refrigerator to store left-overs from dinner. And the rooftop deck was a fabulous place to enjoy breakfast or wine in the evening. Overall it was a great experience and we will be staying there again! Last thing - for the non-New Yorkers the hotel is pronounced &quot;house-ton&quot; not Houston.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fantastic Location with Super Friendly Staff	I heard about this place from my mom, so my husband and I decided to try them out. We both used to live in NY, so we wanted to stay at a place as far away from tourist-y areas as possible, yet still be near good restaurants, bars, and walking distance to everything. This hotel is a stone's throw from Soho, Little Italy, and the East and West Village. We saved so much money not using taxis, and walking instead! WholeFoods is a couple blocks away so we could always run out and pick up anything we needed. The staff was super friendly and very accommodating. We weren't used to this kind of friendliness from New Yorkers! I have to agree with most of the other reviewers, and should warn that the rooms are on the small side. But, for the price, I expected as much. Still, it's clean, stylish, and the bed is really comfortable (I like a firm mattress). The windows are sound-proofed, so even at night when things are bustling, we got a good night's rest. The roof-top deck has great views of the city...perfect for snapping some pictures. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone on a budget who wants to experience downtown NY at its best. People that are used to hotel suites with spas, room service, and lounging around in their hotel rooms wouldn't like it much. I, on the other hand, love this hotel!	
Jul 8 2009 	Small rooms but GREAT location service and view.	Awesome.The only reason I'm giving this hotel a 4 out of 5 stars is because of the size of the room. Everything else about our stay was excellent.First off, the location is great. It's a block away from the famous Katz Deli and only a few blocks away from Ippudo (only the best ramen I've ever had in my life). SoHo is just a walk away as well, and the subway station was just down the street. I loved being able to walk everywhere and having the subway so close as well. And it's not CRAZY like the area in Times Square. After staying in the Lower East Side, I think I only want to stay here now when visiting NYC.Second of all, the staff was great. We were already stressed out from the fact that our airline had delayed our luggage and we had no toiletries with us for the night. They provided everything we needed and were super friendly.Thirdly, the view from the rooftop terrace is AWESOME. From the rooftop, you can see the entire city, and at night, when the summer breeze hits and you can see all of the city lights, it's amazing. My husband and I brought dinner back to the hotel so that we could enjoy the view.The hotel also offers free wireless and has 2 or 3 computers in their downstairs cellar for use (free of charge). They also provide complimentary bottles of Fiji water at the hotel (my favorite)!Aside from the fact that the rooms were tiny (but what else can you expect from a boutique hotel), I loved staying here. I would definitely come back.	
Jun 9 2009 	I'd Check Back In	Happy to have gotten lucky with this hotel. The staff were very helpful and the hotel was chic without being pretentious. Good value for the money and located in a fun neighborhood. Nice rooftop lounge as well.	
Jun 3 2009 	perfect location clean comfy and a little chic - but small	After years of staying up in mid-town i wanted the cozyness of soho, lower east, village for my last trip to NY. Mixed feelings. The hotel was perfectly situated, walking distance to subway, and shopping, restaurants etc. the room was pretty, very trendy decorated. Bed was quite hard. Breakfast was fabulous (really european with french cheeses and pastries from Balthazars). Internet was via terminals in the breakfast nook, or WIFI.However, the room was (and i admit, i read it) extremely small, even though we asked for a corner room (they are bigger). We were with 2. There is no place to put the suitcase, no place to hang anything. no shelf in the bathroom. If you get out of bed, you have to shuffle/squeeze against the wall to get around the bed.All in all, it was ok, because the location was great, the staff friendly, super clean, nicely decorated and fabulous breakfast. just be prepared to be cramped.oh: note to management: the water leaking all over the floor in the shower is a real bummer.	
May 21 2009 	Very good value for NYC super clean and nice staff	We arrived at 10 pm of a Tuesday; the lobby was very nice and the person at check-in was very nice and kind. There is free wireless internet. The rooms as other reviews said are pretty small, but don't let this scare you, they are not CRAZY small. The bathroom as very nice and the whole room very clean; the bed very comfortable, we slept very well. No noise or problems of any kind. The area was very populated at night, there are tons of bars in East Houston. We just went outside for half hour (it was raining) and had an ice cream one block from the hotel. Best thing: breakfast is included, they have a nice-size buffet.We paid $199 +taxes ($240 tot), not bad for this quality of hotel in NYC; would definitively go back!	
Apr 18 2009	Good low budget hotel	Hotel was clean. Staff cordial and helpful. Stayed in the standard room. Room was small, but comfortable, better suited for 1 person than for 2. Good sized bathroom. Water pressure in the shower very high, hence they give you shower caps. Stayed here 2 days, pretty quiet the whole time. Wood floors a nice feature, but loud when guests walk around in heels. Breakfast was simple and included in the price of the room, just be sure to get there early. Lounge had a few computers with internet access. The staff was kind enough to print out my bus reservation for me at no charge. Hotel was laid back and unpretentious. They allowed me to hang out at the hotel for a couple hours after I had already checked out, since my bus reservation was late in the afternoon and I was too tired to walk anymore. I would stay here again. The area is a little gritty but safe, though I wouldn't walk around the area immediately south of the hotel alone at night. The metro's around the corner and several other stations are within a few blocks. Whole Foods is about 2 blocks down the street. East and Greenwich Villages and Soho also within walking distance.	
Mar 28 2009 	Perfect home-base for a weekend in NYC	We're a couple from Montreal in our late twenties... we went down to New York for a weekend of sightseeing. Found this hotel through Expedia, but ended up booking directly through the hotel (since it was the same price - $129 USD / night - and allowed us to cancel right up to 48 hours before our stay - unlike Expedia). Hotel has a true boutique vibe... nicely designed, clean, modern. Terrace on the 7th floor as a great view towards uptown (be sure to check it out at night). Location is great - right in SoHo, close to some cool shops &amp; restaurants and 4 blocks from Broadway. A 15-20 minute walk to Greenwich, Tribeca, Lower East Side, ChinaTown, etc... even the Financial District is walkable. Half a block from the F &amp; V subway lines to take you uptown. Like some of the other reviews mention, the rooms are a bit small, but after a day in Manhattan, you don't need much more... just a comfortable bed (which they do have). Only concern for some may be the semi-transparent wall between bathroom and bedroom - not a problem if you're close with the person you're staying with.The free breakfast should not be overlooked - much more than just a coffee and croissant. They had cereal, fresh fruit, pastries &amp; bagels, yogurt, cheese plate, fruit juices, coffee - more than enough to get you started for a day of sightseeing.Parking can be a challenge in New York - there are parking garages available for about $30/day... we were lucky enough to find a spot on a side street about 2 blocks away from the hotel that let us leave our car from Friday morning to Sunday afternoon. Didn't cost a thing, and we didn't have to move it once. So if you drive, spend a bit of time searching before giving into the pay garages. Staff was very friendly and check-in/out was hassle free.We'll definitely stay here again if we go back to NYC.	
Feb 6 2009 	Loved the place!	I usually prefer staying on the West Side because most of the places I go are there, but I had to go and add downtown to the Priceline location list and voila. I was a little nervous that the East Houston would be too out of the way, but with a subway stop right around the corner that could bring me right to Herald Square, the worries evaporated.As for the hotel itself, I loved it. I was in Room 205 and I don't know if is was bigger or laid out differently because it was a wheelchair accessible room, but I found it quite comfortable. The bathroom was cavernous and while the lighting was a little iffy, I didn't mind. The continental breakfast in the basement was the usual assortment of muffins, breads, cereals, fruits and yogurts, but it certainly did the trick both mornings I was there and there's access to water, coffee and tea all day.There was also a Whole Foods about two blocks down the street that I used to good advantage.I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 15 2009 	Bring a Head Lamp	This is a nice hotel and the location is ideal as other reviewers have noted. We found the staff to be really helpful and friendly as well. And yes the rooms are tiny. We enjoyed our stay here. Do note that, however, that in an attempt to give the place a nightclub type cool ambience it is dark - real dark. Our rim was lit by just three very dim bulbs and no option for additional light. Don't plan to do a lot of reading or fine needle point work in your room!	
Nov 23 2008 	Location Location Location on the transition of LES and East Village	We were supposed to go to the Beer Festival in October but pushed trip back to November to see some theater performances instead. The Hotel is very discreet and our Taxi person also had a hard time locating it. The check in was quick and smooth. The rooms are designed very well but very very small (I think our corner king was 1/3 the size of our room at the Rivington). We had a built in desk, small closet with several shelves and a fireplace. We stored one suitcase on a stand in the entryway and the other suitcase under the bed.The bed was nice (like my swedish mattress at home) with at least 300 thread count linens. The shower was a decent size with great water pressure. The best part of this hotel is the downtown location. We walked though the LES, NOLITA, SOHO, Battery Park, Gramercy, Wall Street, East Village and China Town. When we had to go to midtown to meet my cousin at the Four Seasons it was only a 10 minutes cab ride. Ditto for the two performances (Spamalot and Boeing Boeing). We had a wonderful dinner with Kim Watson in the Lower East Side on Saturday night and brunch in SOHO on Sunday. All walkable :) This is definitely a great location for the people who are more downtown (it is also 100 feet from the subway entrance).	
Oct 24 2008 	Sufficient	I booked a double room here for about US$269. It was TINY! We barely had enough place to put all our luggage. Breakfast was way too simple. Other than that, everything else was fine. The manager was very helpful and so were the other receptionists. The room itself was clean and comfortable, although I felt rather awkward with the glass wall of the toilet - not the most comfortable if you are travelling with someone other than your spouse/significant other! The location is good, just opposite the subway. I was satisfied but I'd only stay here again if I couldn't find someplace better.	
Oct 6 2008 	Nearly top marks	This hotel is really, really lovely. The only downside is the rooms are TINY! It's in a great location a short stroll to the Soho shops, Little Italy and Chinatown and there is a fantastic Wholefood Market a few doors away. Lovely Thai restaurant called Kuta one street away and lots of friendly bars near by. It's on a big main street but noise was not an issue at all. It's beautifully fitted out and has an amazing roof deck which is also very tastefully and stylishly finished. You can take your breakfast up if it's fine weather.The breakfast that is included is great. Good choice of food and beverages, cozy basement room where you can also use the computers and the whole place is spotlessly clean.Staff are helpful and offer advice on local restaurants etc.Bathroom was small but with a large shower cubicle and again very stylish.The only negative is that there is absolutely no storage. A small shallow cupboard near the door which at best would hold your coat and no drawers at all. You really do have to live out of your suitacase the whole time. Fine for us, as we were only staying 2 nights. Any longer and it might drive you nuts.This really is the only downside and if you travel light and don't shop much it may not be a problem.Would I go back? Yes, but only for a short stay.	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice hotel although missing a certain something...	This is a nice little hotel in a nice area of the city - away from the more touristy parts! On arrival I was given a standard room which was one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in, but was able to upgrade to a better room throughout my stay which was much nicer and definitely worth the extra! The staff are very attentive although the continental breakfast in the morning is a little strange...More akin to a roadside travellers motel... plastic cutlery and paper plates. All very strange for what is otherwise a very nice hotel. I also think it is a shame that the hotel does not have it's own bar as it is in a nice area and has a brilliant rooftop. Aside from this, I would still go back and the price is very reasonable compared to other hotels in the City.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great little hotel	The East Houston hotel is a great little hotel in an interesting part of town. We'd previously stayed in New York in Times Square and this was a much more enjoyable experience. It's in a vibrant and trendy part of town and a world away from all the comedy-club leafletters and hotdog vendors. The room was compact and modern and adequate for our needs. It was by no means palacial but it was a reasonable size for the price. The bathroom wall was opaque glass and this could be a problem for some people as when the light is on shapes are visible!Breakfast was self service and comprised cereals, pastries, youghurts, coffee. It delivered as expected.The hotel is ideally located for anyone wanting to shop in SoHo, explore Greenwich village etc and is a two minute walk from the uptown subway stop for anyone wanting to go further.Nice bars and restaurants nearby on Ludlow Street and we enjoyed especially the live music in the Living RoomStaff were friendly and keen to helpWould definately recommend this hotel	
Jul 19 2008 	Great small european-style hotel	We stayed only 1 night during a quick trip to NYC but the Hotel East Houston was excellent. The room was tiny, but spotless and had everything any traveller would need, unless you want a spacious room. The bathroom was recently re-done as was the rest of the room and had nearly the space of the rest of the room. The toiletries provided were of excellent quality and like the rest of the room the bath was spotless. The soundproof windows completely blocked out all street noise so that even though the hotel is right on Houston and the room windows face a bar with a thriving night scene the room was quiet. The air conditioning worked perfectly and was also quiet. A continental breakfast was provided and included yogurt, chese, crackers, fresh fruit, bread and pastries, orange juice, tea and coffee and free web access was provided in the breakfast room. If they got rid of the plug-in stinky fragrance things in the hallways it would be perfect.	
May 29 2008 	Fantastic stay	After reading some of your reviews, we arrived totally open minded. To begin with the hotel is in a great location, subway, Broadway, Soho, Nolita, Little Italy, etc etc the list goes on, then there's an abundace of brilliant restaurants/cafes with in 5/10 mins, you won't get tired of trying a different one every night.The hotel is very clean, friendly (helpful) staff, rooms just right for a long weekend, we didn't go to new york to hang around a hotel with all the pomp, we wanted a nice friendly, almost personal experience, which the hotel catered for, there's also the bonus of a fantastic roof terrace, with brilliant views accross the NY skyline.To sum up, i would highly reccomend this for couples, small groups, who like to get out and about adventuring NY &amp; the L.E.S.Would deff stay there again.	
May 27 2008 	Perfect place	Great location. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Amazing rooftop. Room was small but very nice. Beds are a little hard. Overall just a great place to stay and we will return.	
May 21 2008 	East Houston Oasis	This hotel is fabulous! Not only is it in a great downtown location, it's clean and modern and gives you all the little extras like free breakfast and internet access that make your trip so much easier! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and did I mention the roof terrace with a view of the Empire State Building?! The room was on the small side but I didn't go to New York to stop in my hotel room...Affordable and chic - what else does a girl need in NYC?	
May 9 2008 	Perfectly nice	We stayed here for a wedding in March. We had a fabulous group rate, which colors this review - if we had paid retail prices, I would likely have been less impressed. The room was small, which we were warned about, but it was plenty big enough for me, my husband and our baby. However, we were only there two nights and would've been extremely crowded if we'd been there any longer. The staff seemed to be well-meaning but not particularly well-organized or efficient. The location was great for our purposes, as all the wedding-related events were on the Lower East Side, but if we had been up on a more general visit, the LES is not particularly accessible to the rest of the city.The bathrooms were nice, and I didn't have a problem with the glass shower. Walls are thin - I felt bad for our neighbors when the baby woke up at 5 in the morning - and windows are not sound-proofed, which has the potential to be an issue since the hotel is directly on Houston.	
Apr 24 2008 	Small but Comfortable	Hotel not too easy to find, cab driver had no idea and eventually dropped us off on the wrong side of road. Have you ever tried to negotiate 6 lanes in rush hour!! Anyway got there.Check-in was friendly and quick although the receptionist initially could not tell that we had prepaid for our room. Porterage was available if required, thank god for for cases with wheels!The twin room we booked was small, very small. barely enough room for 2 adults let alone our cases. But the room was clean and modern and we were not going to spend a huge amount of time there anyway so it was adequate.Breakfast in the basement is simple coffee/tea, juice, ceral and pastries. All very nice and self service, there is also internet access however the speed is painfully slow!The roof terrace was brilliant really good views over the city including Empire State. You must see at at night excellent!!Definatley recommend this place as a base to see New York (underground just around the corner), if however you want to spend longer in your room i'm afraid you may need to look further.	
Apr 7 2008 	With frequent trips to the area scheduled would not stay here ever again.	The size of the rooms are expected to be small. The problems and how they are addressed become a bigger issue.To get it out of the way, the number one complaint my wife has was the translucent wall between the bedroom and the bathroom, with the toilet next to the this. The image of whomever is on the throne shows through to the bedroom.The room we were initally give was appointed well enough to suit our needs, and fulfilled my request to be away from the noise of Houston St. Unfortunately the thermostat was broken. We initially compained about the blowing heat at 2pm, but returned at 7pm to find it still a problem, and the room at about 85 degrees F. Since we had dinner reservations, we made a mad scramble to move to the room that they now furnished us with, now that they conceeded that the thermostat couldn't be addressed. Unfortunately, this new room was smaller, faced Houston St. and had the stairwell outside the door, which conveyed all the hallway's noise easily into the room.They did adjust our rate to reflect the small room size, but I think if they had tried to make a change 5 hours before, perhaps we could have been better accommodated.The final issue was on our day of departure. We checked our bags with the desk, so we could spend the afternoon in the area before leaving for the airport. We returned 15 minutes before our car was due to arrive, but the hotel could not locate our luggage. 30 minutes later, after phone calls to the staff that was on duty but no longer there, and extensive searches, which included both rooms, various closets, and their storage areas, they found our bags, and we escaped.This hotel is a nice discount over the area's other boutique hotels, but if you want to stay in that area for those rates, I would go with the Hojo on the next block first. Otherwise, pay the premium for the quality.	
Mar 23 2008 	Hotel Least Houston	When I booked my stay I was told I would be in one of the nicest rooms on the 6th floor. I don't doubt that I did get that room but c'mon. I will not waste time on the room size since we all know that we will be getting a queen bed, two nightstands, and a desk into a 11x13 room, along with your luggage with no problem. The problems I had were with the 'newness' of this place. First, the A/C would randomly belch out a roaring noise that would rattle the windows surrounding the bathroom. And not for just a second, this would go on for minutes, shaking the walls of the bathroom until I shut it off. Next, you can tell they opened on a tight schedule. In my room alone the thermostat did not even cover the wall outlet it was installed over and there were random swipes around the room where someone touched up the flat paint with gloss instead. Lastly, I was willing to put up will all of the rest until I stepped in only to be accosted by a so-called security guard that may have not been intoxicated, but sure sounded like it. Apparently, Guys with winter caps and back packs are a real problem on the Lower East Side. The problem is when you jump on them on their way to pay $1k for a bed that sits 12 inches off the floor they tend to get ill. If this happens to you , don't bother leaving a note or one of those 'rate us' cards from the room because they don't answer those either.	
Feb 18 2008 	Hotel East Houston - a nice little NYC oasis	This is a new small hotel in the Lower East Side. The room was small and very pretty with an Asian minimalist decor, dark wood, cherry wood floors. Flat screen tv, granite bathroom, Bulgari toiletries. The bed was comfortable, the bedding nice, and bath towels oversized- the small details were appreciated. People at the front desk were very nice and helpful. The lobby is attractive.You'll be pulling your suitcase up two steps. I had problems with the room's wireless connection but they gave me an ethernet cable which worked fine. Downsides were the lack of room: no place to put your luggage so we had it on the desk. A tiny shallow closet will hold a coat and a few garments. Also the wall facing the bed was a textured glass giving you a good if indistinct view of whoever is in the bathroom. For the illusion of privacy, go to the desk where your suitcase is, up against that glass wall, and flip up the suitcase front-voila- a wall of sorts. Or at least a view blocker. I'd suggest they mount some shades there. The design of the sinks soapdish meant water cascaded all over the floor when washing-a minor annoyance. We had a room facing Eldridge Street and night one there was still loud music at 1 a.m. We're travelers-we had brought a small fan to block out any noise. There is coffee (great, strong) available and pastry/bagels for breakfast. Plastic cups in bathroom (those granite floors...), ice quickly brought you by request. They have a computer and printer downstairs for guest use. We went to Sugar, a block away, for breakfast which was excellent. They're open 24 hours. Katz's deli (of Harry met Sally fame) is a few blocks away. You're right near the subway and convenient to Soho. I'd definitely stay here again, only if I could get the same great rate deal I got on a discount web site. I liked the hotels size and the calm vibe of the room after spending so much time in the city.	
Aug 21 2008 	petit et accueillant hotel		
