Nov 18 2009 	Fun!	Stayed overnight with Marriott points and was treated very well as a Silver Elite member. Packet with the keys included a voucher for a free bar appetizer between 5-10pm. Unfortunately early dinner reservations and a show meant we weren't around to take advantage of the offer. The concierge did make reservations for us and recommended DB Bistro Moderne which was EXCELLENT!I thought it odd that the doorman did not come out to meet cab and stayed in the entrance just hitting the handicap button to open the door. Check in was flawless, the staff friendly and our room was ready at 10:00am! Bellman offered to bring our small bags up to the room but there was no need. The room was small, but clean and with a great view of 57th and Lexington. Unfortunately there was no toilet paper or hair/body products in the bathroom, but the chambermaid was in the hall and this was quickly rectified. The bed and pillows were very comfy!There are 2 Starbucks just right outside and a great place for breakfast just next door.Overall, a great experience and a fun overnight. Would go back again and try out the bar.	
Nov 16 2009 	Its a good place but not up to Marriott standards`	I'm not sure if my expectations of this place were too high based on my experience with Marriott and speaking with Marriott's reservations dept. This is advertised as a boutique hotel. I didn't see anything in this place to make it unique from any other hotel I've seen.Oh--actually I'm mistaken. When you enter into the hotel you're not sure if you've actually arrive as the lobby is more of a hall way. The door men hit the button to open the door, which is normally reserved for the disabled. Once you're finished your hallway check in you have to take your bags up one level cross over to the other side and wait for the elevator to take you to your floor. I was disapointed with the room. It was too small. I'm a Marriott silver card holder and the room I had was, in my opinion, inadequate. The decor looked like any other hotel I've been to. The scenery was the side of a semi-derelict building. In order for room service to awaken (at about 9 or 10 AM!), I had to call them 2 or sometimes 3 times asking them where my order was.Now if this place wasn't sold to me as a 5 star location boutique hotel, I would not have expected 5 star service and I would have probably been satisfied with it. However, when a hotel rates them selves so highly and fails to deliver a particular standard, its disapointing.If you're expecting a 2 or 3 start location I'd suggest this place to you as you'll be pleasently surprised. If you're expecting above 4 star, go some where else.	
Nov 15 2009 	A Gem	This hotel is a quiet gem! Don't be put off by the&quot;mediocre&quot; reviews posted here. This hotel is very clean, the staff very helpful and friendly ( even let us borrow an umbrella). It has been totally remodeled. The decor is sleek and modern--it has a European feel. Granted, the rooms aren''t the laregest, but they are well designed with built-ins and a frosted glass pocket door for the bathroom. The bar/restaurant was hopping--but upstairs the rooms were quiet with no street noise. The location is great too--walked back from a Broadway show.	
Nov 7 2009 	Very mediocre	i am a Marriott loyalist for their consistency and quality. this hotel was slightly off the mark. the room was extremely small, and the location was very loud/busy (even for Manhattan)i was most disappointed in the bathroom which had mold/mildew that had not been cleaned properly &amp; where a few fixtures were due to be replaced. not a great Marriott experience for me	
Nov 3 2009 	Beautiful Fun Hotel	What a cute boutique hotel. So intimate and personal.Great location.Service was extremely friendly.It was nice to see the General Manager , John, walking around and talking with the guests.Nice restaurant bar too.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location	Hotel is in a great spot close to NYC's finest shopping and top attractions like Central Park, Rock Center, Times Square. Service was outstanding. Although we we traveled with a 10 year old I would not recommend this hotel for families. Did not eat at restaurant so no comment.	
Nov 1 2009 	Staying in Hotel 57	Great hotel, comfy big beds, big-screened flat TV, and big bathroom!...All good!	
Oct 30 2009 	Ok but not great	The rooms were clean and the location convenient. Service was fine, nothing to write home about, though. The hotel is expensive for the price, even by NYC standards.	
Oct 29 2009 	Can't wait to return!	My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance 57 last weekend and we had an amazing time! The location was perfect and the room was a standard NYC hotel room size. It was clean, comfy and had a great view. True, this is not your standard Marriott hotel but this is what made it unique. I would recommend this hotel to couples and friends looking to have a good time and aren't planning on spending your entire stay in your room. We will definitely return to the 57!	
Oct 20 2009 	Chic meets reliable	We discovered this hidden gem of a hotel. We thought we were staying at a reliable Marriott property, but were very pleasantly surprised when we stumbled upon Hotel 57. It was a quiet sleek hotel with all the comforts of a big hotel. The people who worked there were helpful and kind, the hotel gave off a positive vibe. Opia was the hot spot and and the new loung for hotel guests was perfect. I reccommend this hotel to anyone who's looking for a cooler NYC experience.	
Oct 19 2009 	Smallest room ever	Stayed this past weekend under a group rate and I can only guess they put aside the smallest rooms for this group rate. This was without a doubt the smallest room I have ever seen in a hotel. I also never got the heat to work. The check in was interesting. While waiting my turn to check in, I was number 3 in a line, a woman walked by asking if everybody was being helped. As I was saying no, she continued walking by, never to return. Classic! A positive is the great midtown location. I was on the 12th floor and did not find traffic noise to be an issue. I had a so-so breakfast in the dining room. Ordered an omelet and toast. The toast came dry and I had to flag a server to get butter and jam delivered. Although I understand city center hotels generally have smaller rooms, I will most likely try another hotel in my next trip to NYC.	
Oct 19 2009 	The worst Marriott experience we have ever had!	With the exception of Geoffrey, the concierge, and the doormen, the staff was non existent or totally disinterested. No umbrellas were to be had but we were told to go around the corner to buy a few, the cleaning staff never refilled the coffee maker until collared in the hall. The restaurant provided truly mediocre fare at a lofty price. The location was great, but for $400 a night the service should have been equally good. We've always had good experiences with Marriot Hotels around the world, but this facility clearly defines the nadir for the chain	
Oct 18 2009 	Not Family Friendly	We are Marriott Reward Gold members and typically enjoy Renaissance hotels, however this is not your typical Renaissance. Management clearly will tell you that this is hotel is part of a special brand of Renaissance referred to as Boutique. The rediciously small concierge lounge was open to anyone, not that I care but Gold status members and those paying extra for lounge access ultimately are getting ripped off. Not to mention they do not offer an evening buffet of apps, rather you can order off a tapas menu. This hotel is definitely not for young children! We should have figured that out when the stroller barely fit in the elevator and when the 2nd floor lobby had candles lit all over the place, just lying out. Way too posh! This hotel may work for couples or single people but definitely not for those traveling with toddlers/infants. Rooms are tiny, not to mention we had a jr. suite...still too small (guess this is typical for NYC). No bathtub, only glass enclosed shower. No bathroom door, only a pocket door. Way too many breakable items in the room. End tables are top heavy. Not to mention the hazardous wooden platform bed which sticks out horribly. By the time you put your luggage, crib and stroller in the room you have zero room. NYC in general was overwhelming for us. The subway system does not provide elevator options at all the stops...and many restaurants do not have elevators...i.e. TGI Fridays around the corner.	
Oct 13 2009 	Hotel 57 Is My New Hotel Of Choice In Manhattan!	Recently, my Partner and I stayed at the newly renovated (and newly ‘Renaissanced’) Marriott Hotel 57, a gorgeous boutique hotel in the Midtown East a.k.a. Sutton Place district of Manhattan. After reading a few reviews warning against the hotel, we were a bit concerned, but decided as most of the concerns focused on stays during the renovation process that we could chance it as the renovations had been completed several weeks prior to the beginning of our stay. We’re thrilled we took the chance as our five-night stay at the Hotel 57 was extremely pleasant, luxurious, and more than memorable. From the Lacava fixtures in the sumptuous bathroom (we stayed in one of the Sky Loft suites complete with a huge private terrace) right down to the Breville Die-Cast Smart Toaster (http://nifty.cjw1.me/N) featured in the concierge lounge on the main gallery level, this hotel has seen to every detail to make its guests feel pampered and special. The staff of the hotel expertly seemed genuinely friendly, was utterly attentive, and completely professional. Our suite was sumptuous albeit fairly compact, and it should be known this is completely in keeping the boutique hotel style – if you’re used to your hotel rooms being the same size as your suburban McMansion bedroom, you won’t understand or appreciate the boutique style and should perhaps stay elsewhere. As it stands, we live in a two-story loft in the metropolitan downtown of a world-class U.S. city, and are well-used to compact city life. The suite afforded us to amazing views of the surrounding buildings and starting / ending each day of our stay relaxing on the private terrace was nothing short of sublime. The bedding was, as expected of a hotel of this caliber, top quality and completely comfortable. The bathroom was quite luxurious and beautifully appointed, featuring double sinks and plenty of space; the fantastic steam-shower in particular was a welcome treat. The renovations of the hotel have more than paid off and the modern organic esthetic of the Hotel 57’s new look oozes charm, sophistication, and whispers posh just loudly enough to be heard (as opposed to shouting it in a brash and flashy way); new photos taken during the hotel’s recent Marriott Renaissance Branding Party have replaced the artist’s concept drawings previously on the site and are well worth a look. We dined at the Opia restaurant, starting with appetizers and cocktails on the hotel-side in what serves as the concierge lounge by weekday, and were very impressed with the quality and deliciousness of the food we ordered – our stay in Manhattan focused on eating in some of the best restaurants the city has to offer, and we felt Opia easily kept pace with those places. I encourage you to seriously consider staying in the Hotel 57 and am confident you won’t regret it.	
Oct 12 2009 	Don't bother- total disappointment	My sister and I shared a double room, each on a business trip. The curtains didn't fit the windows and were bunched up blocking the heating system. The light blocker in the window didn't block the light so the lights across the street were also lit up our room. The bathroom had no shelves! Toothbrushes, makeup, etc. all had to be stored on the desk in the room. It is not good for business travelers - only one available outlet at the desk so no computer work while charging a cell phone. The coffee maker was broken - we reported it, however, it wasn't replaced the first day of report. We then left a large note attached to it and that evening there was a new pot - however, because of only one plug at the desk, we made coffee on the floor at the end of the room next to another outlet. We did request a small refrigerator which they did bring up. The iron didn't work. The business center printer was not functional. All this for over $300 a night.. I completed a comment card with my email, phone at work, Marriott reward number (I am a gold level) and now over a month later have never heard a thing from a manager, customer service rep or anyone.	
Oct 8 2009 	In between 2 brands	The Marriott Renaissance Hotel 57 is caught between 2 brand images. I was in NYC for a wedding. This hotel was booked by the wedding party but its BAD for elderly visitors. Its trying to be a hip hotel but has the brand of a Renaissance? The lobby area is a waste of space--requires that visitors proceed up an elevator 1 floor, exit and then get on another elevator to go to the rooms. It was very confusing and inefficient. This hotel could learn alot from the San Francisco Marriott Renaissance Park 55 Hotel which does it right.Service was slow. Coincerge pick up of phone calls took after 5 minutes on hold times. The modern fixtures in room are inefficient--hip circular sink design does not drain promptly, its impossible to fill a water bottle from the sink. On the positive side--the coffee self service in room, Aveda products, iHome, and ice machine are nice touches.	
Sep 26 2009	disappointing	Have no 'marriot expectations', I Iike boutique hotels - but something just didn't add up, having stayed in all types of hotels all over the world I felt that the emphasis was not on the guests that were paying to stay there but rather on the parts that cater for the public and that guests have to pay extra for - the bar and restaurant. Therefore the location which is AMAZING and bar were the selling points.Service in general was sloppy - real shame as some people seemed brilliant but were diluted and let down by some completely incompetent. Read on for specific problems with the unit LOCATION:AWESOME, amazing - you are a literal stones throw from bloomingdales for shoppers.You have to travel for most sights - the location is brilliant for those that want to soak up 5th, park and madisson and lexington avenues aswell as central park.BAR:it's a public bar and a brilliant one in it's own rightPRICE:what you're really paying for is the location and some snazzy decor because you don't really feel like you're getting what you paid for as the hotel is rather compact...it's hugely overpriced in september!At such high prices you think you wouldn't have to pay for a few minutes on the internetSERVICE:Far from the marriot groups normal serviceon arrival, my mother and I (2 women) passed 4 bell hop/assistants in the space of about 10 metres - they all asked us how we were but not one offered to helps us through their doors and with our 2 large bits of luggage or to take our luggage to our room - there weren't any other guests so they weren't busy. (I never care about carrying my own luggage but when you pay their september rates of around 700 a night - you would think that you may get some help?) The small lobby is always filled with workers - not that they're actually helpful or do anything most of the time...They have 2 check in desks - there was a bit of a queue at one desk and with other check in assistants hanging around, they still had no urgency to actually do anything.check out bills should not be left outside ones room on the floor for all to see - with personal details on show.Would be helpful if they were more pro active with information, we weren't told anything about anything...specifically about checking out - would be helpful if they told you something about their services or other services available.BEDROOMSreally comfy bed - but their doubles are smaller than other hotels'suites' are not suites,rooms are small - and are badly arranged (can't open wardrobes and stuff properly as it's against the bednice bathroomBREAKFAST / restaurantalthough in the hotel/public bar - it's run like a separate restaurant and is priceynice to sit on the balcony for breakfast - great location looking over 57thThe food was niceTHE SERVICE WAS THE WORST WE HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED, IN THE WORLD. I am not joking - less than 8 other people in the restaurant we ordered 2 omelettes, we waited well over an hour and 15 mins and went through 3 wrong orders. Eating out all over the world, this is the worst we have ever had. CLEANLINESSseemed clean and new, is easy to make these rooms look/feel clean.	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	Arrived to the hotela at 5pm and unfortunately our rooms weren't ready. Not a good start but we were offered drinks and an appetiser while we waited. The rooms were not huge but spacious enough and very well appointed. The staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay and nothing was too much trouble including recommending and booking restaurants for us. We booked our rooms through Tavelzoo and got a great rate which made our stay all the more enjoyable and affordable.	
Sep 22 2009 	What a great bed!! ahhhhh.....	I really liked this hotel. I think it had just recently been remodeled.Very stylish. Very comfortable. Of course, the rooms are not huge, but everything was well designed.THE BED!!! It was sooooo comfortable. Nice details, from the Aveda soaps, shampoos, to the lighting and the lounge.	
Sep 8 2009	Don't bother ............	Arriving at 7.15pm room still not ready - had to wait an hour! No apology from management. Next day room not cleaned - had to complain and finally at 6 pm it was done - and the housekeeping manager blamed us for leaving a Do Not Disturb sign out.... if so how had someone gained access to repair the drapes? I was basically called a liar. Duty manager offered complimentary bottle of wine as apology - we're still waiting ..... Doormen and concierges very good, hotel management waste of time. On checking out they asked if we'd enjoyed our stay, and I replied &quot;mixed&quot; - they didn't ask why and could not care less. Lots of other hotels far superior - steer clear of this one.	
Sep 5 2009 	Not Great for Business Travel	This was not my favorite Marriott Hotel. On the plus side, It has a great mid-town location on the corner of Lexington and 57, walking distance from major tourist attractions. The zen bathroom with double-size stall shower was fabulous. The bed and the linens were quite nice, which is standard for the Marriott. Now for the negative. My visit to the restaurant was a disaster. The service was both arrogant and incompetent - a particularly horrible combination. When I complained to Marriott management, they distanced themselves, telling me that they just leased the space to the restaurant and that they have had other complaints. Due to my complaint the restaurant manager called me and offered me a coupon for another visit. I declined, because who wants to waste a meal in NYC at a substandard restaurant? She insisted, took my address, and several months later has yet to send me the coupon. Adding insult to injury, as they say. The concierge lounge takes the minimalist approach to food, with a small plate of sliced fruit, a few muffins here, tiny pitchers of milk. A lady helping herself to some of the fruit worried there wouldn't be enough for other guests.The decor may strike some as wacky. The hotel isn't consistent and doesn't have a decent restaurant, so it isn't great for business travel where you may arrive late and just want service. If you're staying here as a tourist it may be a better bet because of the proximity to the attractions and because you are less likely to use the restaurant or concierge lounge. For business travel I prefer the Marriott Eastside a few blocks away.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel with knowledgeable staff	We loved Hotel 57. The hotel is located close to the subway and the major attractions. We were within walking distance to great shopping and Central Park. The staff went out of their way to make sure everything was perfect, including a free room upgrade. The doorman was the best - he always knew great places to go and the easiest way to get to our destination. Our room was always spotless and the beds were really comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice rooms not great service	We just came back from NYC and a stay at this hotel. While the rooms are small, at least the ones they give you if you get a discount price, they are very nicely appointed. The rooms are modern, with nice storage and bathrooms. There's a large TV, a coffee maker and a very modern bathroom.Our only issue was that the AC in our room didn't work and it was quite stuffy because the windows don't open. Instead of immediately solving the problem by switching rooms we went through engineers coming 3 times to fix it. On the third try the next day, they finally decided we needed another room. My sense is if we'd booked a full price room with them we would have been switched earlier.	
Aug 28 2009 	Perfect.	We stayed in this hotel back in April 2007 and I loved it &quot;from head to toe&quot;.I had read some negative reviews before going to New York, so was quite scared. But the 57 Hotel was a fantastic choise.Room: Really clean, comfortable, very well designed/decorated, fantastic bathroom, huge closet, ironer, TV, hair dryer, music player, huge bed. It was on the 14th floor and we had views to 57th street. No noise at all, just some random police car/ambulance.Staff: really nice. I had a call one night saying &quot;ops.. wrong room&quot; but that's all. The cleaning was perfect too.Location: Just perfect. 2 blocks away from 59th Street station (line 5 and 6, which are like the perfect lines to go up and downtown), on the most fashionable street after the 5th Avenue and with not one, but two Starbucks on the same block.The day we left, I gave 10$ to the door man and he was quite impressed (I don't think it was that much anyway) so he told me &quot;Next time you come, I'll put the red carpet for you&quot; hehehe.I spent one week on the city and this hotel was, like the title say, the perfect choise. Not very cheap, that's true, but not too expensive either. Something in between. I'd repeat for sure, but next time I think I'll rent a flat for 1-2 weeks so I can spend more days over there.	
Aug 26 2009 	Boutique Gem	We just spent two nights at this property and cannot wait to return. Bravo to Marriott for breaking out of their mold and opening this chic boutique city hotel. The Renaissance Hotel 57 is unlike any other Marriott we have ever experienced. It is hip, trendy, upbeat and located in an ideal location. Our room was small, but so are most apartments in Manhattan and staying here was like living in NYC for a few days.  Decor was minimalistic but modern and edgy, service was outstanding with doormen, and bellmen and concierge greeting you with gusto and helping in every respect. Our room had a small terrace, which in and of itself, is a small luxury in NYC. Food was good and ambiance chic in the resturant. The location was amazing, we were able to walk to everything or it was a quick cab ride away. New concierge lounge had just opened and offered a nice array of foods and had a very interesting decor. This hotel is not for guests who are anticipating the usual Renaissance stay. It is small and inviting and very NYC. Gone is the &quot;Marriott carpeting and drapes&quot; and in it's place cool seating and warm lighting and artistic glass. You won't find a big check in desk when you walk in, instead there are small kiosks where you are checked in and directed to an elevator to the main lobby and to the room elevators. This hotel is for guests like us, who are ready for an interesting city stay and instead of booking an independent small hotel or a W Hotel can now happily book a Marriott property and get and redeem points. We enjoyed our stay very much and were very impressed with the interesting differences between this hotel and traditional city Marriott Hotels.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fabulous Stay	What can we say but excellent customer service, very accomodating from hotel staff. Great location, walking distance to great stores. Close to public transaportation. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone that is visiting New York. Kudo's to Jay the doorman he was GREAT....always working with a smile on his face...he deserves a raise. Hotel 57 staff was FABULOUS......enjoyable, enjoyable stay. First time my husband wasn't ready to go home after a couple of days.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very clean and cozy - although extremely cramped even for NYC	I really enjoyed this hotel! It is much nicer than many other places in the same 3 star range.Pros: - Very clean- Comfortable bed- Good storage area for the space- Nice bathroom- Excellent locationCons:- Price (almost $300/night)- Layout of the bed- Just skip the breakfast (they finally told me it was free on the last day, but service was ridiculous and a waste of time)Overall, it's a great hotel but make sure you look for a good rate. I got stuck last minute and had to pay a fortune. Very cosy feeling and great location. Only a few minutes to Central Park and 5th Ave. Nobu is literally right down the street. (although for better prices and sushi just as good head to Times Square - &quot;Blue Fin.&quot;) I think I'd like to stay a little further down next time, the walk from Times Square/Midtown area was too long after a long night.My ONLY complaint (and I am not easily bothered by room size I swear!) is the bed layout. It has VERY sharp corners and the very first night I banged into the edge. I have never had such a bruise that was there for literally weeks. Kind of hard to move around and I am quite small as is my fiance. A squeeze for sure, and if you are larger it may be near impossible.	
Aug 18 2009 	Courteous clean charming convenient	Hotel 57 was worth every penny! The staff were polite, the rooms were clean, and the location was great. On top of this, the complementary cheese plate, Chardonnay, and personalized &quot;warm regards&quot; card was an added bonus.We arrived to a spotless room on Friday evening with a staff eager to assist us with our luggage. We dropped our stuff off, dressed, and got a drink at the restaurant before hitting the streets. I like my scotch and I appreciated their selection so 57 gets a nod for that.The hotel was brand new, and looked it! The bathrooms were *clean*, the beds were comfy, the TV was nice, there was plenty of room for storage, there was a full size mirror with peripheral lights on the back of the closet door, and a great view (I was on the 13th floor). The overall design of the room was chic and clever.In bullet form, here are the takeaways from my stay at this hotel:* Courteous: the staff was polite and helpful* Clean: the bathrooms, beds, rooms, restaurant, lobby, etc. were in great shape* Charming: the decor of the bedroom along with the assortment of lighting options (beneath the bed, behind the bed, ceiling, overhead reading lights, etc.) can really help set the mood. Don't forget the complementary cheese plate and wine!* Convenient: It's on 57th and Lexington. That - in my opinion - is actually better than the hotel in Times Square which is just a zoo...	
Aug 12 2009	Posh Hotel	Weekend trip with grown chldren, husband, sister, brother-in-law, and brother-in-laws friends. The hotel is on the corner of Lexington and 57th--great location. The hotel is new, so the rooms were nice and clean. We were within walking distance of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Central Park, Tiffany's, and many other tourist attractions. The subway was approximately 1 block from our hotel--took the 6 train to about everything.	
Aug 6 2009 	Location location location	This hotel is in the heart of New York, it’s a fantastic location. The rooms are small but modern and very clean. There is a great bar here too to start your evening off. Once you step out of the hotel entrance you are straight in to the hustle and bustle of the NY sidewalk. I spent 2 nights here and found the staff friendly. It was a little pricey but nevertheless this is where I will stay on my next trip to NY. I recommend highly… enjoy	
Aug 2 2009 	Have a blast in NYC	I cannot understand some of the negative comments for this Hotel. Brillanty situated, staff attentive and extremely helpful. Room was great with four of us in it , two teenagers. Great diner next door, within walking distance of main sites. decent restaurants and shopping nearby. There are some ongoing alterations to first floor reception which did not affect us in any way. Bar was expensive but a swanky place to have a quick drink. Conceirge excellent as was the door staff. Limo to airport well worth the fare of $55, compared to the yellow cabs. Loved the place , situation and would recommend. On 14th floor by request no problem, and when air con failed immediately offered another room . Great service and location. Go no further if you want cleaniness and service for a reasonable price.	
Jul 30 2009 	Truly wonderful experience	I recently stayed at the Renaissance 57, and unlike many others, I must have missed the construction. My friends and I arrived at the hotel at 12, with our room not being ready. We decided to go do a little shopping and told the front desk that we would be back. Around 5, our room still was not ready. However, we were given free drinks and food at the hotel bar, which has great service and a lovely atmosphere. Overall, the room was a great treat, considering some of the hotels in NYC. The bathroom was spacious, and the beds/bedding was extremely comfertable. The high-def TV was a plus, but because youre in NYC, you probably arent going to use it alot. The only problem in the room was that if you wanted to put the AC on, it never went off. Also, the sink had a drainage problem but we informed the front desk about it, and they fixed it.My friend got sick, and the hotel gave us 5 bottles of water for free. Also, they would continously hold open doors for us, and gave us whatever we needed. One of the bellman, Joshua, was amazing for negotiating with cab drivers for us. Overall, it was definitely a great experience and if Im in the NYC area again I will definitely choose this hotel.. Its a great find!	
Jul 21 2009 	%100 Honest Review (Long but very helpful)	I usually don't write reviews of hotels, but I felt compelled to do so because there are some up here that don't do the hotel justice. I stayed at this hotel the weekend of July 4 with my girlfriend. We both agreed that this is a very nice hotel. For someone who has only been to NY twice, this is the PERFECT location. Lexington ave has plenty of shops, and you are 1-3 blocks from Park, Madison, and Fifth Avenues. Bryant Park, The MOMA and everything you would want to see are close by. There is a subway station on 59th and Lexington Ave. It's also a short walk to Central Park and Times square. You get the midtown feel but without all of the tourist traffic. If you look at the Renaissance in Times Square, you'll find that it is in the heart of Times Square, which means extra congestion and noise all hours of the night. I would much rather walk the 10 short blocks down to Times square.As for the hotel I got an incredible rate of $179 a night. They are renovating the hotel, and there was a lot of noise in the lobby. but once you get up to your floor you won't hear a thing. They also stopped construction around 5pm and didn't do any on the weekend. We arrived too early to check in and the concierge was kind enough to hold our bags until our room was ready (note- we arrived at 10:45 and there were still tenants in our room, which was why is wasn't ready.) the bellhops were extremely friendly and always greeted us every time they saw us. There is a restaurant in the hotel that also has a lounge and a bar, so it's a good place to relax and have a few cocktails. We didn't get the chance to eat there but the menu looks good. Average prices for a NY restaurant. We stayed in Room 411, which I would highly recommend for any couple. The bathroom was extra spacious, and there was a separate bathtub. there's a large mounted plasma TV in front of the bed. there is also a desk and a couch. I'm not sure if it's pull out, but either way the room is spacious enough for 4 people. I'm a 25 year old male btw. Anyone who says the rooms are small have unrealistic expectations for hotels in NY. It was quiet at night, except for the occasional car horn. But again you are in NY and it's expected. I'm also a light sleeper. I guess the only blemish is that you have to pay $20 for internet but I highly doubt you need it. I just wanted to by some tickets for a party at the last minute. There is a restaurant right next door that offers a good breakfast/brunch for a great price! the total bill was $19 for two people. For my future visits to NY I will be returning to this hotel. By my standards which are high but realistic, I approve of this hotel! I do not suggest the Renaissance in Times Square. It's too busy and you won't get any rest. Please don't miss out!P.S. Be sure to visit Crumb Bakeshop at the corner of 52nd and Madison. It's delicious.	
Jul 20 2009 	Expect more from a Renissance Hotel	Spent the 4th of July weekend at the Renaissance 57. Couldn't beat the price but expected more from a Marriott Renaissance. The hotel is still being remodeled and so the concierge lounge that is much advertised wasn't finished. There was a lot of dust due to the remodeling.With the exception of one of the front desk managers (Elizabeth), the service was terrible. I never saw a valet or doorman the entire time we were there except one night they were outside smoking. We had to carry our own bags and the only way we got a cab to the airport on Sunday morning was that the desk clerk went out to find one (I gather from her frustration this was not the first time this had happened). The concierge was not helpful at all and didn't seem to know much about the city, on one occasion giving actually wrong information which someone overheard and corrected. The restaurant is very mediocre and the service poor. Breakfast doesn't start until 7:00 making it impossible to get a morning flight and even get a cup of coffee.As a Marriott gold member I was upgraded to the best available room. If so, I would hate to think how bad a standard room must be. While it was a fairly decent size it was missing many of the amenities you would expect from a Renaissance hotel--no robes, minimal towels, toiletries were not refilled, clean glasses were not put in the room. Although the hotel was recently remodeled, the plugs in the bathroom kept blowing the fuse for the hair dryer. Ended up having to plug it into the lamp to get it to work. I wish Marriott would get with the trend and stop trying to charge exorbitant prices for WiFi connection. We just went to the Starbucks next door and got it for free. The location is good although its far enough up E57th that there are not a lot of restaurants nearby. The nearest subway station is about 3 long blocks away. Unlike other areas of the city, the streets were pretty deserted after 10:00. For some reason there is music blaring under the entrance to the restaurant which is very annoying. At $169 per night it was tolerable but I would look definitely look to stay elsewhere for a return trip.	
Jul 17 2009 	a lovely surprise	Marriott has done a great job updating this hotel. Everything in this hotel was on a smaller and much more intimate scale. The dining room food was excellent and offered tables for two on small balconies. The staff was helpful, polite and very accommodating. Our family will certainly return to this hotel in the near future.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Stay	If you know how to get around the city, this hotel is a perfect location, lexington ave has all the stores, the neigborhood is calm and safe... there are many subway stations around, you can go by walk to serendipity... the rooms are small but we were 4 girls and had no problem.... would definetly stay again the staff super friendly, we even run into one of theme at serendipity and he told the host to take care of us...	
Jun 22 2009 	Category 7? Not yet...	It's a nice hotel in a great location, just blocks from the SE corner of Central Park. I'm a Marriott Rewards Member (Elite-level status), and this hotel is classified as a Category 7 - but I found it lacking in a few areas. My wife and I met friends from the UK here, during the weekend of June 19, 2009.We took the subway from the Jamaica station at the end of the JFK monorail straight to Lexington Ave and walked to the hotel up Lexngton to 57th (about 4 blocks). It cost us less than $14, and we were at the hotel an hour after landing at JFK.They were overbooked for the room-type that I had requested (and was guaranteed), so I had a difficult (awkward) check-in. I went back and forth with the clerk a few times while he 'looked' for another room on the computer, and it wasn't until I told him that I'd be expecting some Elite-status compensation that he found a suitable room for me. It was almost like he wanted a bribe or something to get me the room - which was really weird for a Marriott. We did eventually get the room-type that I had reserved, but it was alot like pulling teeth, and I felt more like I was bartering for a purse on Canal St, than checking-in to a 4.5 star hotel.They are currently undergoing renovations, which were supposed to have been finished by now. A bit disappointing, as it will look beautiful when everything is complete - so we missed-out on seeing the rooftop-terrace and the concierge lounge, and we did hear some hammering and drilling during breakfast. If you are lucky enough to eat at Opia for breakfast, (we got a free breakfast voucher since the concierge lounge is undergoing renovations) the food is fantastic. The french toast with apples and eggs benedict were amazing, but the wait staff gets overwhelmed when it is busy. We had wonderful service on Saturday morning, but waited forever for our coffee to be refilled, and never got our condiments or orange juice on Sunday. Terrace tables overlook the street, and are a great way to start the day.Our room was a Superior King, which was a good size by NY standards. There was an iPod-friendly alarm clock, a 37&quot; flatscreen tv, a quality hair-dryer and a nice well-lit desk for doing work. There were supposed to be complimentary robes, but ours were missing. The complimentary in-room safe was a great feature that I would like to see offered in more North American hotels. The bathroom was also a good size but no fan, and the shower head was powerful though you did get peppered with ice-cold water from time to time during your shower. Not sure what was going on there?!?There are 3 elevators, but they don't go straight down to the lobby for some odd reason. You have to take them to the 2nd floor, and then either take another elevator to the lobby or walk down a spiral staircase.Upon check-out, we were 'offered' a $55 car service to the airport. This seemed pricey, as we were sure that a taxi is only $45, but we were told that the $55 included the tip, so that was ok. Unfortunately, once we'd gotten to JFK, the driver had no change, and couldn't accept a credit card. She also wouldn't call the hotel to see if we could charge it to the room - so we asked a few people if they had change, but no luck. So the driver got an extra $5 tip. No big deal, I guess - but it felt like we were getting hosed.I would marginally recommend this hotel. As I said, I would love to see it when it's completely renovated, and has been up and running for a while. It was very clean and the concierge was polite and accommodating - making dinner reservations for us at the Mercer Kitchen.	
Jun 7 2009 	Love this Gem	Having stayed at various hotels in New York City, Hotel 57 comes across as a little gem. My last two stays in the other NYC hotels were overpriced and lousy to the core. Hotel 57 exceeded nearly every single of my expectations.1. Our room was on the sixteen floor - a corner unit. It is spacious and clean. The recent refurbishment definitely helps. The toilet is also very modern and equipped with Aveda toiletries. I'm so glad that this hotel actually included a small coffee maker in the room - something that often left out by the other hotels.2. Staff was very helpful... from the bellboy to the receptionist. Requested for an early check in and managed to get our room at 130pm (about 1 and 1/2 hour after we arrived at the hotel). This is impressive especially after a 24-hour flight.3. The gym is small but has all the necessary equipments. They are also very well maintained.4. The hotel was still undergoing refurbishment but it didn't affect me at all.5. The location is superb! The subway is a stone throw away. Just next to Bloomingdale's. For those who are in NYC to shop, Hotel 57 is just within walking distance to 5th Ave. There are two starbucks around the corner (for those who does not want to have the hotel's breakfast). You could also have a brunch at Forty Carrots in Bloomingdale's (though they open at 10am).6. You can get good food before 9pm (especially if you go to Bloomingdale's). But after that, you will have to settle for TGIF at the corner. 7. The only complaint that I have is that the hotel staff took two days to fix a safe in the room. It was only after the fourth call on the second day that they actually did something. But other than that, it was a pleasant stay.	
May 31 2009 	fantastic after makeover	Went to NY to see the Christmas Lights. The hotel was under construction. The staff went out of its way to be friendly. Our room had everything new and had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. The bed had a very comfy new mattress with a brand new white down comfortor. It was decorated with new red pillows. I was on a cloud of comfort. The bathroom had an unusual door with an an Asian flair by its insert of clouded glass. We loved it. Made a cup of coffee and enjoyed the elegance of the room and comfort that surrounded us. It rained the entire time in NY but when we came back to this room it made us forget we were soaked to the core. We were close to central park and only blocks from all the decorations. I'd stay there in a heartbeat. Only one downside the told us the parking was free but at the end they charged us daily and it wasn't cheap. We complained and they were willing to go half with us. They really did tell us by phone the parking was free. We weren't very smart not to get a name on that one. It was 25.00 per day to park there. I wasn't happy about that encounter. All else was great though.	
May 31 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at Hotel 57 on the final part of our USA trip.The location is great for exploring the city. A few blocks away from Central Park and Fifth Avenue.The Door staff are wonderful! Really helpful and frendly.Check in was smooth, but if I had to make a small complaint, it was the staff constantly using the lifts ment for the guests, which sometime caused a little longer waiting for the lift than you would exppect.The room we had was on the nineth floor over looking Lexington Avenue and it was a little noisy at times, but this is New York and it's something you get used to. The room it self was very comfortable and the Bathroom was completed to a high standard. There was building and refurbishment work going on while we were staying, but unless you took a wrong turn and ended up the wrong part of the hotel, you didn't notice it at all.All with the other New York hotel we've stayed in, we would look to stay in this hotel again.	
May 22 2009 	Not for the countess but good for the Discountess	Arrived at the Renissance Friday morning. Memorial day weekend. it was about 85 degrees in New york, and the AC was not working in the tiny lobby. There was a huge floor fan blowing warm air around. After being told the Des riguer answer that there are no rooms available at this time despite the fact that I am an elite member with marriott, we proceeded to store our luggage. Came back at 3 pm for the requisite check in. Was given a corner room with a double bed. The room was a modern, cheaply done faux &quot;hip&quot; room. Flat panel TV, tiny bed, a faux suede chair with one broken leg was added for good measure. thats about all that fit in the room. All in all I would say that the renissnace is a good bet for a discount price. I would not hesitate to stay here for 180 or less, anything more is outrageous in my opinion. The location is excellent. The lobby is a mess ( May 25, 2009) wires, plastic sheets and drywall all over the place. Not pretty! I think you can probably find a better hotel for the same price given the economic situation at this time. The hotel tries to be modern , plush and hip but really misses the mark on all levels.	
May 15 2009 	Over-priced but great location	Hotel 57 was undergoing its transformation to Renaissance Hotel 57 throughout my 12-day stay there. This was noisy and inconvenient in both the lobby and the restaurant areas, though not in my room, fortunately! The staff , too, had a lot to put up with, and things were clearly well behind schedule. They were patient on the whole, but not over-friendly to guests, I felt.The hotel is located just perfectly in mid-Manhattan, close to subway stations and bus routes. You can either eat junk food or spend rather a lot on eating in this area. The hotel's own restaurant, Opia, is rather pretentious and too pricey.My basic room rate rose overnight from $169 + taxes to $239 + taxes as the hotel &quot;completed&quot; its Renaissance. However, the work was still not finished when I returned 10 days later to query my bill, which was incorrect. They had charged me $16.95 per 24-hours for internet connection during my entire stay, when I had only signed up for 2 sessions. However, one of their accountants was very friendly and helpful whe I revisited, and is in the process of refunding the overpayment to my Mastercard account.	
May 14 2009 	A really great hotel with nice staff...	This was the first time I had visited New York and must say I really enjoyed and will go back again one day. My first impression of the hotel was very positive, the staff are really friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them - at the moment the 57 is undergoing some refurbishment work however the vast majority of the hotel is complete. The rooms are are very spacious and very comfortable - there is a big plasma tv in each room with superb picture quality. The beds are amazing btw!!!The maids come in very day to tidy and make the bed. On the downside, I found the restaurant/bar quite expensive so try not to eat here if you can - there are plenty of Subway shops about where you can get a quick snack. There is also a great cafe around the corner where you can get breakfast for a few dollars. There is a fab clothing store opposite called Daffy's where you can pick up designer lables for next to nothing and if you want something more expensive visit Bloomingdales just a stones throw away.Times Square is a short taxi ride which should cost about $10 - if you prefer to walk it should take you about 20 mins.To summarise, this is a great hotel with friendly staff and its deffo worth a look. Any questions please e mail me at daburrows@ymail.com.	
Apr 30 2009 	Fantastic rategreat locationbut...	I stayed at the Hotel 57 for just under 2 months while on business in NYC. I was given a fantastic rate of 99 dollars a night because they were under construction. At one point I had three rooms in the hotel for my co workers as well. The room I stayed in was spacious, well appointed,comfortable, and had a great balcony overlooking E57th Street. I had dinner in the hotel bar several times, and I was very impressed with the food. The bartender Dascha was an absolute sweetheart as well. Breakfast left a lot to be desired. I probably ate breakfast 5 times in the hotel. Every time I went to breakfast at the hotel the wait for the food was well over 40 minutes. No apology was given, and no effort to make me a happy customer was made. The quality of the food was good, with a good presentation, but there really is no excuse for the time it took to bring it out. Especially when considering that every time I went there were less than 10 customers in the entire dining area. The bellmen were excellent and attentive, the front desk staff was the polar opposite. Additionally, the key cards were faulty. Almost everytime I came back to the hotel at night I had to have a new key made. The key cards became an issue when my girlfriend came to visit for a weekend. I had arranged with the front desk to have a key waiting for my girlfriend. I also had the man at the front desk put her name on the list for my room in case the key did not work. The key was there when she checked in but it did not work. This would not have been a problem had the person at the desk actually put her on the list. He did not. A woman named Barbara was at the front desk when my girlfriend came back down to get a new key made. Barbara was extremely rude to her. So rude in fact, that it prompted a call from me. She continued being rude to me, hung up on me, and was quite short with me when I requested to speak to a manager. Manager resolved the issue but it definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. During my stay at Hotel 57 there was a fire on the 16th floor. An actual fire...not a fire alarm. I was awaken at 5am with a german couple on my 15th floor balcony yelling fire. They were the only alarm! There was no fire alarm sounding in the hotel none! The sprinkler system was operating, and took care of the fire, but there was no alarm! When I checked out I disputed over 1000 dollars in internet charges, and was met with a horrible attitude from William at the front desk...his attitude was so horrible I asked him if I had done something to anger him, or if he was having a bad day. He said no to both questions,so I asked him why he was being such an (rhymes with glass pole). He did not like that...I suppose I can understand why. All in all this would be an excellent hotel if the front desk staff was replaced with people that actually care.	
Apr 27 2009 	Loved the location	We stayed at H57 for 4 nights and loved the location. It was our first visit to New York and found the room (17th floor) quiet, roomy and clean. King bed was comfortable with great pillows. We loved the convenient location to the subway lines, shopping and Central Park. The staff and concierge (when there) were friendly, however several lacked knowledge of the area. We enjoyed drinks in Opia and the new lounge looks awesome. We could overlook the ongoing construction because it was reflected in the price. Internet charges were ridiculous! We used Starbucks two doors down. The lack of much of a lobby didn't bother us, but a few comfortable chairs might be nice.	
Nov 16 2009 	Strategico		
Aug 7 2009 	Las últimas 3 noches		
Jul 3 2009 	confortable mais...		
Jun 9 2009 	Der Schein trügt....		
