Nov 8 2009 	My new favorite hotel in New York City	I've stayed in several hotels in NYC and I will never stay anywhere else but the Lafayette House ever again! It's a beautiful hotel in a great location. I was traveling with two teenages and our room had a queen sized bed and they brought in a very comfortable air mattress. The room is very large for a NYC hotel room (sitting room with fireplace was gorgeous) and the bathroom was quite nice and well outfitted. If you want to stay in a place that is more like living in a NYC neighborhood than a box hotel --- this is your kind of place!	
Sep 13 2009 	Absolutely gorgeous. Great for independent types.	If you want a concierge telling you where to go, and hot and cold running lattes and a spa with an in-house masseuse, this isn't the place for you. But if you like the privacy and peace of being in a real house, sleeping in a huge room (suite-sized, really), right smack bang in Noho just a stroll from Soho and Nolita and the LES and the West Village and well, everywhere, then this is the place for you. It's decoated, as mentioned, as though an eccentric, arty great-aunt did it in the late 40s and it hasn't been changed since. The bed is comfy (if a little noisy...), the tv is awesome (and has DVD player, HBO on demand, etc), the shower is INCREDIBLE and the bath is about four feet deep. One of the reviews alleged that it's not clean and everything is falling apart - completely untrue. It's spotless, and the threadbare rug is part of the charm, darling. Perhaps she'd be happier at a Marriott.The one thing that does need changing: the drapes. No matter how you arrange them, there's a two-inch crack on either side of the windows and light comes straight in. Not ideal for jetlag. There's no room service, as mentioned, but the B Bar and Grill next door does great coffee and brunch and incredible burritos, there's a sushi bar downstairs, Five Points around the corner does one of the best burgers I've ever tasted and well, it's New York. You're never going to starve, are you? Oh, and the staff, whilst not visible, are definitely available: I somehow broke the TV (damn remote controls) and sheepishly rang them to ask what to do. The guy came right up and fixed it within about one minute. That wouldn't be so quick in most hotels. I'd definitely stay here again... and I'd ask for a room with a courtyard. Those sound awesome.We go to NY a lot and tend to try new hotels each time... but I'm definitely coming back to Lafayette House. I wonder if I can get them to change the curtains first...	
Feb 25 2009 	A must see!	The most fabulous room we've ever stayed in. Had soooo much character and warmth. Perfect location, perfect atmosphere and perfect service. We didn't want to leave and will definitely go back!	
Feb 25 2009 	exquisite	Being an avid traveler I consider myself savvy in the process of choosing Hotels. My standards are quite high and I expect a great deal from the staff down to the quality of soap. I was hesitant to stay at a boutique hotel in NY as it is a departure from my usual mainstream choice, but the location was unbeatable. Upon arrival I realized this was going to be a unique experience. The hotel far surpassed my expectations and I found myself feeling as if I arrived at my own brownstone home in the city, outfitted with an exceptional staff. From the cozy feel of the room’s eclectic design and antique furniture to the grandeur of the high vaulted ceiling and oversized fireplace, the combination was exquisite. It will most defineitly be incorporated into my New York experience again and again.	
Oct 20 2008 	quirky boutique hotel	this place was a real find. In the East Village with an excellent wine bar next door. We were upgraded to a room with a terrace (unfortunately it rained!). Nice touches including free bottle of wine, lovely toiletries, extremely comfortable bed. Not cheap but we loved it.	
Oct 10 2008	Very charming but not for everyone	The hotel is in an excellent location between the NYU/village and the East Village. I was in NYC to enjoy the nightlife and shopping, not to sight-see. This is an old old building, 1848, &quot;Gangs of New York&quot; era if memory serves. This means that things are old and it is decorated in a similar style. If you are not used to real antiques and aren't fond of victorian style, this hotel won't be for you. If you like to be pampered by hotel staff 24/7 you won't like it. If you like to be left alone, you will. I do like it and It reminded me of similar old hotels in New Orleans. It is very charming but it is not full service, faux vintage &quot;modern luxury&quot; hotel. This also means it has no elevator and narrow steep victorian stairs. If you are person with mobility problems or disabilities, this hotel may be a no go for you unless you are on the ground floor. I stayed all the way on the top floor in a gigantic room. (pictured in the tripadvisor page) with a pleasant sitting area and fireplace. I had no noise problems, although I believe that your experience of this hotel *could* differ greatly depending upon which room you are in. Very important to me is the fact that the thick double paned windows of my room shut out the vast majority of the New York noise.. and best of all, they opened so I could enjoy fresh air if I wished. The cost was a fair value for New York ( New York hotel rates are way higher than the rest of the country) given the size of the room, but not if you were expecting modern fixtures. If you appreciate the style, this room would be excellent for a romantic get away (or for someone like me who appreciates a bit of history). It has a large deep bath tub. Negative is a shower that requires some arcane knowledge and skill to operate. Positive: I had several special requests that were met right away. In contrast to what some others have written, I found the hotel staff to be very cheerful and responsive. One possible warning: They are doing construction across the street. While I was staying there no work was being done, just a big hole in the ground, but I would check first. For me the mood, privacy, service and excellent location outweighed any negatives. I would definitely choose it again.	
Oct 8 2008 	Disappointing	I recently stayed at the Lafayette House in New York City. I saw the reviews online and was convinced it sounded like a very nice new boutique hotel. Overall the reviews were overrated and you can definitely do much better for a similar price.Pluses:1. Great neighborhood/location downtown 2. Nice sized room with a working fireplace, chandelier and sitting room3. Pretty terrace that opened out into the courtyard downstairs. Enjoyed it very much especially with the early Fall weather.4. Free Wi-Fi5. Small Kitchenette with mini-bar amenities6. C.E. Bigelow products7. Nice big king sized bed BUT see belowMinuses: We stayed in Room 4.1. Bed reeked of cigarette smoke. When you are visiting NY for a day and a half and paying $425/night for 2 nights TO SLEEP the last thing you want is (literally) a smelly night's sleep. Manager promised to have all pillows, mattress pad, blanket and sheets replaced but when the maid came, we did not see any of the so called replacement supplies. In order to avoid the same problem, I emailed that morning requesting that she ASK the maid to make sure her instructions were followed. Instead of being profusely apologetic, understanding and bending over backwards to be helpful, I got a snide response saying I should think about moving rooms or to another hotel (not ideal when I was working all day and not returning late that night). I have emails to prove it. Guests should NEVER have to apologize for a cigarette-smelling bed. I don't care how new or boutique the hotel is. And yes, the bed still smelled the second night.2. Manager was virtual. We only communicated via email the entire time. Never saw her once, never got a consolation fruit basket, nothing. The worst part was at 7am, someone started literally banging on the pipe. Free yet unwanted alarm clock. Not the hotel's fault but still...added more discomfort to an already bad situation.3. Decor was not my style - Dusty rose velour curtains, shabby chic style but it looked more shabby than chic (to me). Some people may adore this look but I personally like to see antiques refurbished and appropriated the way Kelly Wearstler does it. Overall, room looked like your grandparents old townhouse from 1898 (think the Age of Innocence 1898, not Manhattan 2008)4. Bathroom was disgusting and old. Not old and preserved in a good way but broken tiles, sink was scuffed, mirror was hung too high and not what you would expect from a nice (albeit residential townhouse) hotel.5. LIGHTING - It's poorly lit everywhere. It's caters more to mood rather than task. I would like to know how women are supposed to apply makeup in the dark poorly-lit bathroom.6. Mediocre Service - If you are going to have a residential hotel, service should be impeccable.This is a more DIY, deal with what you get place. If things don't work, hotel won't care. They say they will fix something but won't.Room #10We booked an additional room for a guest who WANTED to stay here and actually suggested it and just today told us his room had &quot;ghosts&quot;.Overall the place feels like the Chelsea hotel with slightly better appointed furniture. But you can't really get away from that dark, danky feel. I'm used to better rooms and better service. This one is a NO for me.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great hotel for families with young kids	We stayed at the Lafayette for 10 days while our house was being renovated. We have 3 kids age 5, 4 and 1.5 years old. We stayed in a room with a kitchenette that had access to the courtyard garden. We had a great experience. This is not a typical hotel with a front desk and lots of amenities, but we didn't miss any of these things. The location is ideal for young kids. It's very close to Washington Square Park, Children's Museum of Art, Joe's Pub and other places where young children can be amused. There is a Wholefoods store 5 minutes walk away and a kids-friendly restaurant next door for brunch (B Bar). The hotel manager is excellent and they provided us with a huge blow-up bed as well as a crib, so we all stayed in the same room. The kitchenette makes a huge difference and the kids were dining on steak, salmon and haricots verts every night!	
May 28 2008 	Amazing room	Last December as I was contemplating where to stay in Manhattan for my daughter's graduation from NYU , I received a card in the mail from Lafayette House which is owned by the same group as The Bowery. Having loved The Bowery and intrigued by the thought of staying in a 15 room townhouse instead of a hotel I booked 3 rooms. We were not disappointed.The doors are kept locked so you have to buzz the office to get in. We were led to our rooms which encompassed the entire first floor (below the entry level). These were by far the largest rooms we have had in NYC in the 15 or so trips we have made in the past 4 years. Each room had a sitting area with fireplace and my room even had a small kitchenette. The rooms are individually furnished with beautiful antiques. The bed was extremely comfortable and outfitted with first class linens. The highlight was the lovely courtyard that was shared by my room and the one my 2 high schoolers shared. It was the perfect place to unwind with a book after a day of walking the city.The only things I would change would be the bathroom in my room really should have been totally redone not just updated. The one in the kids room was and it was fabulous. Also the a/c unit was in an awkward location and did not include a remote so someone from the office had to come turn it on. Speaking of the office--they are only there during office hours. My kids locked themselves out of their room at 8am and we had to wait for someone to get there to let them back in.There are many restaurants nearby so the lack of one on the property was a non issue. We did go to The Bowery for a glass of wine one night and were not exactly warmly welcomed by the host in the lobby (I guess we are not hipster enough) until we mentioned that were staying at Lafayette House. If you are looking for a more low key, local NYC experience Lafayette House is definitely the place for an amazing trip.	
Apr 7 2008 	Elégant branché... tellement New York !		
