	Outstanding hotel with wonderful staff	I and my girlfriend spent the last week of Nov in New York to celebrate her 30th birthday. We spend the first four nights at the Carlton (see separate review) and the remaining three at The Surrey which was a much better choice in every way. To start off, the location is great, just a few minutes walk to central park and the subway. The inside of the hotel is very elegantly furnished and decorated, including the rooms and truly earns the privilege of being called luxurious!As for the staff, from the doorman to the massage therapist, I'm simply short of words. From start they charmed us and attended to our every need.At check-in we immediately received a complimentary room upgrade due to my girlfriend turning 30 during our stay. After inspecting our wonderful room (with the most comfortable Dux bed and lovely details such as the content of the minibar and the lightning system) and unpacking we decided to skip going out for dinner since we were a bit worn out after hours of shopping and just try the in-house restaurant Cafe Boulud (http://www.cafeboulud.com). Even though we had no reservations and the place was packed, our concierge Michael succeeded to arrange a table for two after just a few minutes. After tasting the first bite of the food we realized that it has to be one of the better restaurants in New York (I almost cried out of happiness after tasting their wild mushroom ravioli - A MUST if you visit the restaurant). When I later googled the place I found out that they had a well deserved star in guide michelin and that the chef has another restaurant in NY with three stars so they definitely know what they are doing in the kitchen.As for the spa, we both had a 50 minute massage which was really good and I used the gym once which had what you need for a few days stay. The ONLY negative thing I can point out about the hotel was that they charged $15 for 24hr wireless Internet which I think should be complimentary at a hotel of this standard.In conclusion, I want to send a special thank to Guy who worked at the front desk and the other concierge we had contact with apart from Michael, Abraham, who really made us feel like home with their exquisite service (we actually miss them). The service was truly more than your average five-star standard and I would go as far as claiming that it could be compared with high end hotels such as the Four Seasons or Shangri-La. I only hope that the staff get the credit they deserve from the management.All in all, our stay at The Surrey was amazing! The hotel is very elegant, classy, and modern hip. It feels like everything you would expect from a five star New York City hotel and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who can afford it. I will for sure stay at the Surrey again when visiting New York in the future.	
	The Most Fabulous Stay in the Big Apple I've Ever Had	At first, I was a little reluctant to stay in a newly re-modeled hotel due to some of my past experiences! The Surrey was definitely an exception to that. They had just had their grand opening only a few nights before our stay. The hotel is very elegantly furnished and decorated. It has truly earned the privilege of being called luxurious! I can't say enough about the staff! The management was always in sight and eaer to assist their visitors. They attended to our every need. I truly felt as though I was royalty! We experienced absolutely NO problems. You would not even know that they continued with re-modeling each day! Our room overlooked Central Park, so the view &quot;was to die for&quot;! Our stay was worth every penny we paid for the suite. This was truly more than a five-star stay.....again, you won't find any better staff anywhere, and we've traveled the world over! The &quot;new&quot; Surrey is definitely a treat for your next visit to New York City! We will be sure to stay again soon.....I hope during the holidays!	
Nov 18 2009 	Feels like a home away from home	The Surrey is amazing! It's very elegant, classy, and modern hip. It feels like an actual New York City Hotel. Unlike many out there that look like they're from Europe or Jamaica. The front office staff are very welcoming and very kind. I actually felt like a somebody. They're services there are wonderful. Their Spa there is very intimate, private and I enjoyed a great massage there. They have gorgeous couples rooms (2 to be exact) and their single rooms are very intimate and private. They allowed me to stay in my own treatment room without ever stepping out to move around to get to anywhere or anything. Their staff were great their amenities are outstanding. The teas they serve there are delicious! And I am a big tea fan! I got a tour throughout the hotel as well and it was very nice and humble. It felt like a luxury bomb hit my house and made it beautiful. I really did feel like home there. And I enjoyed the Spa Service there. It does need a few changes here and there with the design, but I would definitely go back!	
Nov 14 2009 	Very Nice Hotel near Central Park!!	We stayed at The Surrey one night celebrating our anniversary. The hotel has recently changed hands and I believe has undergone some upgrades.The hotel is VERY nice inside. The rooms are bigger than you might expect from a hotel in this area - plenty of room for a couple. The bathrooms are modern and it has all the things you would expect from a luxury hotel.The employees could not have been nicer. They catered to your every need.If you are interested in eating at the hotel, be sure to make reservations. We learned they are usually sold out as the chef has quite a following.We were lucky with the weather and walked to Broadway for our play and enjoyed the city. If the weather is a little shaky it's a long walk from 76th street to the Broadway area. But there are lots of taxis and the subway is only a few blocks away.I would recommend this hotel for those not operating on a small budget. It looks like it will be pricey but if you can afford it - I would highly recommend it. (They do have a special for awhile which I believe includes a spa visit and several other items - this looks like a very good deal).Enjoy!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	GREAT SERVICE	The hotel is in a great location, just few minutes from everything, great beds and the room was super clean as was the bathroom.Customer service is clearly a priority at The Surrey. The staff was friendly, the doorman was helpful and the girl who checked us in was good, but the guy who was next to her was even better. He didn't check us in but he gave us a very warm welcome and he remembered our names and details of our conversation the next day. He was so nice and so friendly; his name was MARCO.My wife and I had a little inconvenience with the room so we asked to speak with the manager who ended up being Marco. He was so nice and it was incredibly appreciated his help, although more than the support and solutions he provided to us, it was amazing how he listened us very carefully even when we were rude and with a attitude… He WOW us!! Also, we liked the fact that he invited us to come back to visit The Surrey and he offered himself to help us to make a reservation for the next time, it was incredible!! Well done Marco.We've both traveled a lot for business and pleasure and we were really pleased with the service at this hotel. When my personal assistant made the reservation, I was not expecting that friendliness, I thought it was going to be like The Carlyle or The Mark but glad it wasn’t. Marco gave us a unique and outstanding service which made The Surrey the best service we have ever seen. We truly enjoyed the hotel and the service. The next time my wife or I come to New York we would love to stay at The Surrey again…	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent Service Excellent Location Excellent Experience!	From the moment you walk into the classically modern marble lobby, you know this hotel is something special. The Front Desk/Concierge staff greeted me with a warm and gracious enthusiasm. Brand new decor complete with one-of-a-kind art pieces and timeless furniture give the lobby character.The rooms are on par, if not better, than many of the great hotels of the world. Small touches like hand-painted decals on the armoire and dark wood tones make you feel cozy, yet the view onto Madison Avenue and the Upper East Side remind you of the culture that abounds. The king size bed was inviting and plush; the desk ergonomic and just the right size. A small sitting area overlooking the city comes complete with a Vanity Fair and Lanvin &quot;dictionary.&quot; The bathroom is elegant and spacious; a large shower with a rain head comes in even the most basic &quot;salons.&quot;The Cafe Boulud, off of the lobby, was exquisite. Innovative dishes and attentive service make this restaurant a must when staying at The Surrey. You must try the ravioli!Besides the wonderful decor and top-of-the-line amenities, the service is what really sets this hotel apart from the rest. Each staff member I encountered was polite, friendly, and helpful. It was almost as if every employee was the hotel's concierge! Small details, like pronouncing my name correctly on the phone, (a rarity in most properties) were always considered and even more thoughtfully completed.	
Oct 8 2008 	dirty water dirty little secret	Of course the location is terrific. Just mapquest it. However, the water coming out of the pipes is brown. Let me repeat: BROWN! The carpets are old and frayed. We were given a penthouse that sounded terrific. However, the radiator would not shut off and we had to keep the windows open just to reach tropical temperatures. Next time, we'll bring a space suit from NASA. The hotel staff sent a different person for seven days in a row to no avail. This supposed penthouse was the most bizarre three bedroom suite I've ever seen. It was a dark as a tomb and almost as cheerful as one. In essence, this hotel is a disaster unless you don't mind BROWN water.	
Sep 7 2008 	Unusual Times in NY	We'd never been to NY before, and checked with tripadvisor for hotel advice before booking. I loved the sound of a boutique hotel away from Time Square. We knew things would be a little challenging from the start with an 11pm arrival, but the hotel assured us it wouldn't be a problem. It wasn't, but that the airline lost our luggage was. All of the staff at the Surrey were so helpful, showering us with toiletries, giving us great advice on where to go to stock up on essentials and buy new clothes. We loved our room and though we were a little grotty, loved meandering through NY exploring. Our luggage turned up 3 days later, but by then I'd noticed that our room, while lovely, was also a little musty and my asthma was getting out of control. We had to cut our trip short as I just couldn't stay in the hotel any longer - so Natalie arranged to transfer our remaining nights to the Affinia Gardens. We were so well looked after, I'd recommend the hotel to anyone (though maybe not if you suffer from asthma from musty rooms!!)	
Sep 6 2008 	Large-sized rooms nice establishment	Because the Surrey Hotel was gearing down guest stays for a renovation, I was able to book a suite at a bargain price (for NYC, that is). I was very pleased with my stay overall. When I arrived, the doorman was very helpful. The one bedroom suite was so spacious it was ridiculous - to get to the bedroom from the main door you had to travel down a hallway, past the in-room kitchenette, and around a corner! I was on a high floor with a great view of the city due to the two windows on two separate walls of the room. The bathroom was not huge, but I loved the Aveda products in the bathroom and robe. True, the room and furnishings were a little worn and a tad outdated, so this place will be a gem once they are done with renovations assuming they don't change the size of the rooms or layouts. The location is fantastic. You're just a block away from Central Park. And I enjoyed walking through the neighborhood at night. Although I was by myself, I felt safe. If I have a chance to, I would love to stay again, especially post-renovation.	
Aug 27 2008 	Bargain in the City	The Surrey is a smallish boutique hotel on the upper East Side of New York City. Great bargain rates can be obtained here. We were greeted by a very friendly and helpful staff, who gave us an upgrade without asking. We had a large -- VERY large -- suite located in the back, so away from traffic noise. Very quiet. Suite had a small kitchen which we didn't use, but would have had we stayed more than one night. While the hotel is old and in need of some remodeling, it is still quite comfortable and attractive. Bathroom is mostly new facilities, though small. TVs in both rooms of the suite have DVD players. Large closets in both rooms. Internet access. Hotel is in great location if you are visiting upper east side museums and Central Park. There is a restaurant attached which provides room service to hotel guests. Valet parking is available.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great Neighborhood	The Surrey is a great find. I was looking for a hotel on the Upper East Side for a college visit with my teen. We had always stayed in the Midtown/Times Square area- with the tourist hordes. We were initially given a very large room that had questionably rippled carpeting. The front desk moved us to a smaller but very nice room without making me feel menopausal. The bedding was great and the room large by New York standards. There is a full kitchen and good in room coffee (2 packs of regular each day). The staff and Bellmen were very helpful- they really wanted to get us a cab- but I was trying to teach my daughter about mass transit (closest subway stop 4 blocks). The restaurant next door provides room service but book ahead if you actually want to eat there and plan to spend some money. The food is fantastic which apparently is an opinion shared by a lot of well-dressed people on the Upper East side. I loved my jogs thru Central Park in the AM from the entrance about 1/2 block away. We found great local restaurants nearby. It's not luxury, but it is very comfortable.	
May 12 2008 	Overpriced for the service...and check on the room they are giving you	I chose this hotel, and chose to pay a lot more than other hotels in NYC, because of its location but, most importantly, because of the fact they were promising a full kitchen in their so-called &quot;suites&quot;. This was quite useful for me as we were travelling with a 20 months old baby who is not the easiest customer of NYC restaurants. Unfortunately when I arrived I found out they had no real kitchens in the studio-suites (unlike what they claimed in their internet site) but only in the more expensive one-bedroom suites: in my room there was a microwave oven and a fridge but no kitchen.The manager told me they would give me one suite with kitchen but I had to pay an extra 50$ per night in addition to the already expensive rate I was paying, and I decided to let it go. Apart from that the hotel is a little run-down, and once again I would not have minded if it wasn't for the outrageous price I paid (around 350$ per night). For the same price I could have gone to 5 stars hotels, and I would have done so if it hadn't been for the kitchen.So overall a nice hotel in a nice location but only if you don't pay full price...and read the small print carefully!	
May 2 2008 	Family-friendly	The Surrey Hotel is a great, family-friendly place to stay. We stayed there for 4 days in March, traveling with 3 grandchildren, ages 10, 11 and 13. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The concierge on duty was helpful and was willing to print up our e-tickets for our return flight. We stayed in a suite and the rooms were unbelievably large--two queen beds, a queen sofabed. The kitchenette was in a separate small room with refrig, stove, microwave, coffee pot, toaster + service for 4 (plates, bowls, cups, eating and cooking utensils, too). And the dining table was a full-size dining table with 4 chairs--so eating a quick breakfast before we took off on our day's adventures was a pleasure.Great location--just a block away from Central Park, a few blocks from the subway, a grocery store across from the subway station, and the trendiest fashion stores around the corner. No complaints about noise, either. We were on the 4th floor and were not bothered by street noise--and we slept with the window open. Night or day, we felt safe when walking to/from the subway to the hotel. Our grandkids gave the hotel an A- because the rooms were spacious enough so they weren't bumping into each other and their beds were very comfortable--but there was no free breakfast buffet like at the Embassy Suites. We'd return to the Surrey and highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	Terrific stay at the Surrey Suite Hotel	We stayed here during our Easter holidays and absolutely loved it!! The staff was always nice and very helpful, advising on anything we needed. And as this was our first trip to the great city we asked quite allot. Everything was always clean and we never needed for anything. Even the cleaning staff was nice and always smiling and happy. the only negative thing we could say about is our room. There was a door that opened up to the room next to ours and even though the door was securely closed, noise travelled through quite easily. That was the only negative we can think of. Very happy about our stay and would definitely recommend it to anyone	
Apr 12 2008 	What a location. Loved the Surrey!	We were taking 2 teens to NYC for the first time and doing the &quot;college tour&quot; during spring break. Asked a long time New York resident where to stay and he suggested the Surrey Hotel. We were so pleased with the Surrey. The Surrey is between 5th and Madison on East 76h Street, upper east side Manhattan, a block from Central Park and the most expensive residential real estate in the country. There were many museums within walking distance and the park is HUGE and beautiful. We had tremendously delicious and reasonable food in the Lex or 3rd Ave. and 79-80th street area from deli, to italian to thai, all VERY good. The Surrey has a small but elegant lobby and very efficient staff. Everyone was pleasant, helpful and professional. The restaurant adjacent to the hotel is stellar: Cafe Boloud-this is a very fine restauranteur. Now to the room........It was so big. We had a full living room, dining room, small effiicient kitchen, updated large bathroom and huge bedroom with 2 queen size beds. The only small negatives were the street noise at night and early morning, very stiff sheets ( come on, we need nicer sheets just like home!) and need for a larger counter space in the bathroom. I would definitely stay there again when in the city-it is a fabulous little gem of a hotel. Loved the area too!	
Mar 18 2008 	Reasonable Upper East Side Choice	I wanted to explore a new neighborhood and found a great deal at the Surrey for four nights (avg. $255 per night). Location - Great for my needs, within walking distance of Central Park, the Met &amp; Whitney, restaurants and shopping. Good if you like to walk or take cabs. Not a lot of subway options.Employees - Every employee I dealt with was very friendly and helpful. Room - Huge by all of my NYC hotel standards. It was the size of my friend's studio apt :) A little dated. I felt like I was staying in my grandmother's guest room. Was very clean, but also a little run down. Liked having a kitchenette to keep snacks and beverages in. I am a city dweller, but even I was surprised by the noise on the street below. The garbage was picked up very late or very early every night but sunday and that truck was LOUD!Extras - Was offered a complimentary glass of champagne when I checked in, nice touch. I love when a robe is available, even if it was a little worse for wear. Good aveda amenities. Lousy hairdryer.Would I stay there again? If the price was right and I wanted to spend time in that neighborhood, probably.	
Feb 3 2008 	not for people from country	My girl friend had a surgery recently in NYC and we stayed at this hotel for 4 days, on the 11th floor. It is a very convenient walking distant for her to see her doctor everyday. She liked this hotel very much. However, I hardly had much sleep everyday due to very loud traffic noise. The windows have very poor or no insulation. I can hear people's conversations from the street! From this trip, I discovered that my girl friend has serious hearing problem! Therefore, she could sleep through the night without any problem. So take the noise issue into consideration if you are not used to the big city traffic noise. Another note, I brought my laptop computer to do some work while my &quot;patient&quot; is resting. There is NO WIRELESS!!! Although there are two computers downstairs for you to used but you have to pay &gt;$10 for 30 min!! For what we paid (&gt;$300/day, it is even a special discount price for the patients sent by this hospital nearby), I am very disappointed and will not stay there again. Did I mention that there is no breakfast!	
Jan 1 2008	Wonderful Vacation	Perfect for traveling families! The hotel is not luxurious, but the huge rooms, kitchenette, fantastic service and intimate feel has made it a family favorite.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Location Spacious Room	Although Expedia told us that the Affinia Hotel we booked in NYC &quot;overbooked&quot; and bumped us, Affinia was very kind and found us another room at the Surrey. Our 1 KBR suite was more spacious than my brother's 1BDR apartment we were visiting! Service was good, and doormen were very nice carrying our bags all the way to the corner to hail a taxi. We had a kitchenette with stove, fridge, microwave and china to use for eating in (great for our kids who were exhausted!) The restaurant downstairs is said to be great, but we were with kids and not able to try it this time. It has a small gym about the size of a hotel room, but fine for a quick workout. Easy walk to Central Park and beautiuful side street location. If I can afford it, I'd stay again.	
Nov 12 2007	Loved the Surrey	Fantastic location, really enjoyed the stay here. A bit pricey but for a central location, literally a 5 minute walk to Central Park and bodering Madison Avenue you can't really complain. You have to try the Bouloud Restaurant located on the groundfloor, tried the food, exceptional, will change your mind on American food.	
Nov 4 2007 	Shabby Chic	We have stayed here several times with our family--great location on madison/76th. Huge (apartment size) suites. BUT this hotel is really going downhill. Rooms are getting shabbier and shabbier--carpet dirty--furniture delapidated, dim lighting. Front desk and conceriege not responsive to any problems. Whole place needs a facelift. At least you get space.	
Nov 1 2007 	Excellent Stay	Superb, spacious, beautifully furnished, rooms, attentive and friendly staff, an unpretentions atmosphere, great rates and a quiet location near to Central Park. A subway station is close by. Rates are very competitive.We stayed there for 5 nights in August and had a great time.Only real critisism is that the hotel lacks any real facilities. But if it is room only that you are after then you will be just fine.	
Aug 26 2007 	Never Stay Here	Surrey Suites Hotel, New York City &quot;Never Stay Here&quot;We picked the hotel because we had lived in NYC for 25 years and knew the area. We were returning for medical reasons after being gone for 20 years...so we were not tourists. Our Visa Card Agency booked it for us and we called the hotel THREE times to confirm the one bedroom suite with two queen beds for a three day stay. We also used their car service to pick us up at the Airport. Upon arrival at the hotel the desk personnel informed us that they did not have our room and all they had were two separate Studio rooms at either end of the hall on the second floor or nothing. That would put my husband in one and myself in the other. We had no choice, we took ONE of them and I slept on a rollaway. They promised to have the manager call us the next day....he did not. They promised us the room we had reserved a month in advance at over $485 a night the next day and then gave us a room with only one bed in it. I slept on the Sofa bed the next two nights. Additional charges showed up on our creditcard in spite of my signing a confirmed final &quot;Guaranteed&quot; total. They own five other hotels in NYC called the Affinia Group so avoid them too.	
Aug 7 2007 	huge rooms great location	Last weekend I stayed with my family in a one-bedroom suite. The room was enormous- there was a galley kitchen, a large living room with a pullout couch and a large bedroom. I had requested a high floor and early check in. We arrived at 11:30am and the room was ready. They put us on the 15th floor- I think 16 was the highest. We had a nice view of the Whitney Museum and could see a bit of Central Park. The staff was very helpful- they arrived in minutes with a crib (no charge) and were prompt when I asked to have the sofa bed made. We are a family with two small kids and a baby and were all very comfortable.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great for families! Very friendly and convenient.	Just returned from 7 nights at the Surrey in NYC. It is an excellent hotel for families. We had our 2 teenage sons with us. The suite with kitchenette was perfect. We bought breakfast food at the local grocery store a few blocks away and ate breakfast in our room every day--saved us lots of money. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The housekeeping staff was wonderful and very generous with towels. Our older son came up to join us for a few days and there was no extra charge. It is convenient to the subway, shopping, museums and other sights. We had a wonderful time at the Surrey and will definitely use it again when we travel to NYC.	
Jul 15 2007 	Friendly clean helpfu l great area.	Our trip to NYC was primarily to see Museums and the Surrey was perfect for our needs. I booked directly with the hotel. All of the booking websites had a certain price for only a studio prepaid. I called directly and asked what they had at a discount mentioning AAA--I got a one bedroom for the price of a studio and did not have to prepay. I suugest you call them direct. It is a small chain and I think you can get a better price by speaking with them. We were more than happy with the room which was roomy for anywhere --and amazing for NYC. Dated?---well, I suppose so . It was classic, clean and most comfortable. The front desk and the staff were totally on it--I never opened a door or got my own cab. The concierge was a bit tentative but perfectly adequate if you do your own research--which I suggest. It is so easy on the web. Central park is a block away--the Met is 3 blocks--several really nice restaurants are 5 or 6 ( we like to walk, so if you don't , don't judge by us) This is a fine hotel with really nice customer service. We did not use the subway , but understand it is convenient. Cheaper than Times Square. I really suggest this place if you like space and enjoy a sophisticated but comfortable space. The room service, by the way, is from amazing restaurant with amazing prices---we did not use it.	
Jul 6 2007 	Cannot wait to go back	Everything about the Surrey was beyond our expectations and we would highly recommend it. The front staff was very welcoming and our room was huge!! We entertained several graduate school friends and family members in our room. It was perfect as the kids were in one room with their own tv and toys while the adults were in the sitting room with plenty of space to spare. We used our kitchen everday. There was nothing more perfect than getting caught in the rain on Madison Avenue and taking a hot bath, slip into one of the fluffy bathrobes provided, and then eat homemade food as a family around the table. There is a grocery store two blocks east, opposite direction from Central Park. CP is literally a skip and a jump away and you are right next to the Alice in Wonderland entrance, perfect for kids. The doorman also helped us everday with restaurant recommendations, directions to subway, interpreting the subway maps, and flagging down a cab in the downpouring rain and finding us an umbrella to help us get to the broadway theatre in time without getting soaked. Every room is unique. Our friends staying in 7A and had a different layout, color scheme, furniture, bathtub, etc... They also had a full-size fridge while we had a mini-fridge, ironically they only ate room service.We are defintely going back in October!	
Apr 8 2007 	Great Marathon Location	Picked for the location -- 5 minutes from the start of the marathon. Was extremely convenient. Plus was we loved the neighborhood. Large comfortable bed, lots of space, kitchen a bonus. Short walk to Lexington Ave subway. Near many museums. Would definately stay again.Only negative -- couldn't get breakfast in room before 8am Sunday. Had to buy on Saturday -- that's where kitchen comes in handy!	
Jan 19 2007 	Loved the Surrey!	As another reviewer stated...it was like having your own beautiful apt in NY. I too was offered an upgrade for a price and at 1st I declined and then I asked myself....what will I remember for the rest of my life...lol...the $$$$ or a 1 bedroom luxury apt....I decided to splurge and it was WONDERFUL. I would definitly stay again and I enjoyed it immensely!:)	
Jan 14 2007	Best bargain most space best neighborhood	I recently sold my apartment in NYC, so now I stay in hotels. The Surrey's one bedroom suite is far larger than my apartment was, and at $255 a night, it would cost less per square foot even if I rented it every day of the month! Surrey is like an old-fashioned NYC hotel, not a classic or intending to be luxurious. What you get is normal, every day living in very large rooms, for less than the price of the tourist traps in midtown. They have rennovted many rooms, which means they are fresh and clean, but certainly not elegantly furnished. Go to the St. Regis for that. The big bonus is: a kitchen! Full fridge, gas stove, microwave----dishes, glasses, pots and pans. It's a nice simple place with extraordinarily spacious rooms, fabulous location at the corner of 76 &amp; Madison, and an easy-going, zero-pretense environment. You need to walk about 10 minutes to catch a train, and there are few restaurants nearby except excessively expensive, or expensive and average, such as the restaurant at the hotel.Enjoy this great find.....get a rennovated room, shop around for good rates, opt for a one bedroom suite and pretend you are really living here!	
Dec 31 2006 	Charming Stay in a Perfect Location	We were very pleased with our 2 week stay at the Surrey. Suite was large and acommodating to my adult son and me. Good kitchen and bathroom space, large walk-in closets. The service was top notch and Cafe Bouloud offered excellent food. One block away from Central Park, the Surrey allowed us to start our day with a wonderful walk in nature before we headed into the various neighborhoods of Manhattan.	
Dec 12 2006 	Not reccommended	I was not at all happy with my stay at this hotel. First, I specifically asked if there was high speed internet in all rooms when I originally made the reservation, and I was assured that there was. I also requested a non smoking room. Unfortunately, we got a room with NO internet connection. So after several visits by different staff to figure out why there was no internet connection (none of them really had a clue), we asked to be moved to another room. The new room did have the Internet access, but it was a smoking room so it stunk and I had to smell that stink the whole time I was there. Also, the minibar (fridge) was completely empty. Lastly, when we arrived, it was late at night and not many places were open to eat, so the lady at the front room recommended a place a few blocks away... unfortunately, when we got to it, we found that it was closed down. It would have been nice if the staff had better knowledge of the area. I have never paid such a high rate for a hotel room, and I really expected something much better than what I got. I was expecting 5 stars and it seemed I only got 2 stars. I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 18 2006 	Just So-So	We chose the Surrey for the great location - Upper East Side and close to Central Park. We had booked a studio suite with a king bed as it was only my husband and myself. When we arrived they offered to upgrade us (for a reasonable amount of money) to a one bedroom suite. The suite we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to had 2 double beds instead of 1 king, the wallpaper was falling off the walls, and the heater made a screeching sound. My husband called the hotel manager to ask if they could move us into a suite with one king bed or just put us in the room we originally booked. This seemed to be somewhat problematic and only after going round and round did they agree to move us. The hotel is in a great location as it is on a quiet street and close to the park but it is tired and dated. The rooms/suites are spacious - they should be for the prices they are charging. For the money there are much nicer hotels in New York.	
Oct 22 2006 	Cannot recommend the Surrey	We arrived at 3:15 and only one bedroom of the 2 bedroom suite I had booked was ready. I was told that the cleaning staff were working on it and that it would be finished in &quot;about ten minutes&quot;. When the bellman showed us to our room we dropped off our bags and looked at the rest of the suite. No one was cleaning it. In fact, it was a mess. The second bedroom/bathroom hadn't been cleaned, there was trash/dirty dishes in the kitchenette, a dog dish and water bowl in the sitting room with dogfood spilled on the carpet, and trash on the floor of the sitting room and in a few of the closets.The room and rest of the hotel (hallways, lobby) appeared fairly dated. The carpet in our room was stained and badly worn in places. The paint was chipped. The heating/cooling systems were outdated. The bathrooms were dingy.The hotel staff, however, were quite good. This seems to be true of other Affinia hotels at which we've stayed. And the mattress and pillows were good. And the location is hard to beat being only a block from central park and a few blocks from the Metropolitan Museum.But really, for $1059 a night (for a 2 bdrm suite) before the myriad of NYC and NYS taxes are added, it simply wasn't worth it. For that money you could get two connecting rooms at much nicer hotels than the Surrey. I would not recommend staying here unless you can't find something else or simply want to be on the upper east side.	
Sep 20 2006 	Fabulous Find	Although my husband is a die-hard West Sider, we took a chance on this hotel as it looked lovely. To our delight, it was! We loved the location which is a 2 minute run to Central Park and the Alice in Wonderland Statue. The hotel is buried in the midst of townhouses so it was also fun in the early mornings to see real New Yorkers picked up in their limo's for work. A variety of shops are just a few steps away on Madison Ave. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with a sofa bed in the lounge area which gave my husband and I and our 3 young children plenty of room. Since it was a suite, we had 2 bathrooms, a full kitchen as well as a small kitchenette. The hotel is clean (I am one of those who does complain when the rooms aren't cleaned properly), rooms are serviced regularly and towels are fresh. Although the rooms haven't been updated recently, you don't notice at first because the rooms are filled with light and are so well kept. The doormen were extremely helpful in carrying groceries and are generally friendly without being obtrusive.We will definitely return on our next trip to the City and highly recommend a stay at the Surrey. Make sure to request a dishwasher if you are there for a longer stay AND a quiet air conditioner (it is a typical New York building with window air cons which get lots of use!)	
Aug 26 2006 	Very pleased with the Surrey Hotel	My husband and I along with our 3 children (15, 11, 6) stayed at the Surrey for 4 nights and were very pleased. It is located on the Upper East Side in a relatively quiet neighborhood. We had a one bedroom suite. When you walk in there is a small entry that leads to either the small kitchen or living room area. The kitchen had a full size fridge, micro, oven and 4 of every dish and eating utensil. The living room had a large dining room table, comfortable couch, tv, desk area and it's own small walk in closet. Also it's own air conditioner. The couch made into a bed that my daughter thought was as comfortable as a hideabed can be! The bedroom had 2 queens, tv, chair and walkin closet with safe. It's own a/c also. The bathroom was normal size for a hotel. The Aveda products in the bathroom were great; shampoo. conditioner, mouthwash, lotion, body and facial soap. Leave your own at home! Central Park was just a block away and Lexington Ave a couple blocks away had a grocery store and restaurants. The staff was helpful, the room clean and overall just a wonderful place to stay.	
Jul 10 2006	Great hotel for families	Just got back from a weeks stay at the Surrey Hotel with a family of four (kids ages 6 and 9), and thought it was wonderful. The staff was great, rooms were clean and spacious, location was ideal...a hop, skip and a jump from Alice and Wonderland in Central Park. It's not that far from D'Agostino's to pick up a few snacks for your fridge in your kitchenette, which was very helpful, especially in the mornings. All in all it was a great experience and I highly recommend.	
Jun 3 2006	One night stay	Spent the night before a surgery at Surrey. Can not say enough about the location....Our suite was tired, but okay. Had just stayed at the Affinia Gardens ( a sister hotel) a month prior and loved it. It had been completely redone. The staff was very pleasant Surrey and suggested a good little restaurant within walking distance. Would stay again, just for the location. But would not pay more than $250.00	
May 31 2006	Great Hotel! Definitley stay there again!		
Apr 17 2006	Location location location		
Apr 16 2006	Huge room and the best staff		
Nov 1 2005 	Huge suite excellent service		
Oct 29 2005	Pure class.		
Jul 14 2005	Quiet understated mid quality hotel in a safe neighborhood.		
Feb 22 2005	Wonderful Location		
Jan 18 2005	Serenity and convenience on the Upper East Side		
Jun 29 2004	Fabulous Find!		
Apr 20 2004	Upper East's most outstanding value		
