Nov 23 2009 	I'll be back!	Small, quiet and very comfortable hotel. Wonderful bed and shower. Great location!	
Oct 11 2009 	Can not recommend for the price.	It's probably that I'm just not used to NYC prices but this is personally the most I've ever spent for a hotel room. With taxes and everything it was about $330 a night. For $330 a night I kind of expected a little better. The hotel is very small so no services. Of course I didn't need any but still, for $330 a night I guess I expected more. The room was the smallest I've been in outside of a Tokyo. The bed and room were fine and clean and the location as far as being convenient for exploring NYC was fine. Being my first time to NYC I didn't know where to stay although if I was to do it again I'd probably try to pick something near Soho or NYU in Greenwich Village. More stuff to do down there at night.The room we got was in the back facing another building. With the night shades open people can look directly in the room. There's some building air conditioner between the buildings that hums all night. I was able to sleep but I'd really prefer something more quiet, especially for the price. I guess ultimately I couldn't recommend it unless it was your one of your only options. Still, it was clean and the bed was comfortable which is sometimes enough.	
Sep 28 2009 	Big disappointment	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor, I decided to book a room in this hotel. But when we got there, we found that the room had a glass wall looking onto a horrible view ( we had asked for a quiet room and had been placed at the back of the hotel). The room was small so you couldn't forget the view which was the space between 2 buildings and you got the building air conditioning noise. On top of that, the glass wall was dirty and I had to ask 3 times for an iron and ironing table. I felt I had gotten a terrible deal for $350. Definetly not a romantic place.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel a real Gem in the middle of NewYork	What a great Hotel, new with great facilities including a fridge and safety deposit box.Immaculate room. Recommend to everyone.	
Sep 5 2009 	Lovely stay - clean quiet professional staff.	Got a great rate ($138) with Quikbook.com for the Carvi. The hotel is very convenient to a couple of subway lines, but a bit of a hike if you have B'way theater tickets. I spent lots of time in the East Village, West Village and lower Manhattan, and sometimes wished I were closer to the 2 or 3 lines which were more east - so I ended up having to transfer a lot. Not that big of a deal.The room itself was very comfortable - coffee maker in room, free HBO on a nice flat-screen TV, marble bathroom and shower. Quiet location - even with my room facing the street. Starbucks on the corner, and a CVS drugstore a block away.I'd stay again if the rates remain low - but I don't think that'll be the case.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location clean rooms and extremely nice staff	I was a bit dubious about staying at this hotel because nobody had heard of it! The reason for this, I found out, is that it just recently opened two months ago. I was traveling with my daughter (13 years) and my nephew (14) and we were in New York for a week. The room was very clean and for New York standards it was quite spacious. The bedding and linens are outstanding! I only stayed here for a night since we had already booked the rest of the trip in another hotel in Times Square, but I would happily return to this location instead.The manager, a very nice lady, came out one day to greet us and gave us a very warm welcome, she made us feel at home. Please consider this hotel on your next visit to NYC....you won't regret it!	
Jul 27 2009 	Pleasant Efficient Stay	Just returned from a one night stay at the Carvi on 7/25,(reserved on Quickbook for $112.00 minus tax)The accomodations were fine, (spectacular for the price!) room was clean, ample space, marble bathroom, light wood furnishings, flat screen TV, feather pillows, soft towels, etc...There were no ammenities to speak of, but, plenty of food, drink, deli, spa options on the street.There appears to be 6 rooms per 8 floors, served by a single elevator. The lobby was small, staff were pleasant and competent. The place is somewhat non-descript, as it seemed to lack warmth or any memorable detail, but it was more than sufficient for a night's sleep.I would readily book the property for future visits if the price was right.	
Jun 25 2009 	Last Minute Treasure	It'd be quite some time since I stayed overnight in The City and although my hotel of preference was the Omni Berkshire, my traveling companion was on a limited budget yet I insisted on at least a 4 star rating. She delayed making a decision on several name brand specials so I found myself searching for a room w/2 beds for less than $250, 10 days prior to our arrival. Booking.com listed the Carvi Hotel - a &quot;new&quot; boutique hotel on E 55th w/ a 2 bed special of $179. Payment was not required until check out so I decided to risk it. What a fabulous find - so nice that I already know where I and several other associates will be staying next year.Everything was fresh, clean and new in this renovated former school; the building at one time owned by Madonna. It had only opened the week prior. Front desk reception was very cordial and the general manager was friendly and anxious to assist w/any questions, suggestions, directions, etc. The beds were most comfortable; there was more than sufficient closet and drawer space for 2 women traveling together. Individual temperature controls in each room and a bathroom boasting marble flooring, a tiled double shower w/glass door and nice toiletries included a shower cap and robes. Because of its newness, the mini bars in the rooms were not yet stocked and the bar in the lobby was still under construction. At the end of the street, however, was J P Clark's, a very nice Irish pub. We weren't there long enough but I'm certain if we had any business center needs, they would have accomodated. IF I had to cite a fault, I'd say the hallway was a bit warm when we waited for our elevator.	
Sep 1 2009	hotel carvi da evitare		
Aug 29 2009 	une découverte très intéressante		
