Nov 8 2009 	Charming	We checked in at the The Lowell after a dismal night at Le Parker Meridien. We were looking for a comfortable, elegant, up-scale hotel room in a small hotel and we found just that The Lowell. We found the staff to be extremely friendly and hospitable....far from snobby as another reviewer mentioned. This is a special place where one can escape the busy city outside its doors.	
Jul 7 2009 	Exceptionally elegant	The Lowell is a beautiful hotel in the heart of New York's exclusive Upper East Side. We have just returned from a one-night stay in a junior suite there and were incredibly impressed. As we entered our suite we were quite simply blown away by its sheer size and the attention to detail. Complimentary champagne and a fruit bowl awaited us and there was a fully stocked mini-bar. The bed was amazingly comfortable - one of the comfiest I have ever slept in - and we were made to feel like a king and queen with the level of service we received. In the marble bathroom were Bulgari toiletries, two washbasins, a huge shower room and a bathtub with a flatscreen television embedded into the wall. We could not have asked for more. The hotel is mere moments away from all of Park and Madison Avenue's designer stores and is an ideal base for exploring all of New York's sights. If you're looking for luxury, choose The Lowell.	
May 24 2009 	The Lowell is an example of Upper East Side class	The Lowell is one of my favorite hotels in New York. Having also stayed at the Carlyle and the St. Regis, the Lowell is certainly in this category. While hidden off Madison Avenue and in the low 60's, the intimate hotel has a great staff and my favorite parts, the suites and Pembrooke Room. The suites are newly renovated, tastefully decorated and extremely spacious. They feel like apartments with their little kitchens and gorgeous bathrooms! And now my second favorite part, the Pembrooke Room. It is the ultimate setting for breakfast in New York. Afternoon Tea is also served fantastically. The room is hidden on the second floor at the back of the hotel and is decorated in lovely light spring colors and mirrored. There is tons of daylight on a sunny day. There are not that many amenities within the hotel because of it's size but the Post House. A Smith and Wollensky operation, it is just as good as their signature restaurant or Park Avenue Winter/Spring/Summer/Fall. A lot of celebrities like the bar because of it's privacy and charm. I absolutely love this hotel, there are not that many other hotels in New York like it. Even the Carlyle and the St. Regis can offer the same amount of luxury but not the same amount of intimacy.	
May 23 2009 	On the fence about this hotel...	Depending on your tastes, you will either love this hotel or hate it. I stayed here for 3 nights a few months ago. It was a good stay, but definitely not worth the price in my opinion. This Lowell Hotel is pretty small and low key. The location is great, it's 2 blocks from Central Park in the upper east side. The neighborhood is very residential and not as touristy as other areas of Manhattan. The hotel is right in the middle of a residential street.The lobby is small and pretty dark. So are the hallways and the elevators. The front desk staff is nice, but a bit snobby which I will elaborate on later. The rooms are very nice. We got the cheapest one, so it was pretty small. The bed was big and comfy. The kitchenette is stocked with snacks and drinks but they're pretty expensive. ($5 for a little bottle of water). The bathroom is amazing and probably my favorite thing about the room. There isn't much of a view, just the apartments across the street. This hotel isn't a high rise so you won't get a pretty view of Manhattan like other hotels.What I didn't like was how snobby the staff and other guests were. My boyfriend and I being 21 years old definitely got some condescending looks. It's kind of hard to explain through typing but you'll know when it happens. So if you're a bit older, like low key, non touristy 5 star hotels, then you will love the Lowell Hotel. If you're younger and want to be in the hustle and bustle of Manhattan this isn't the hotel to stay at.It's a good hotel but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Not what we'd hoped for.	This was our first stay at The Lowell and we won't be back. We like trying 5-star hotels around the world (for example, in NYC we've previously stayed at the Trump twice and The Carlyle, and enjoyed both) and based on reviews we've read both here and elsewhere, we had high expectations of The Lowell. Unfortunately, we went away disappointed.We had booked a Lowell King room through the American Express FHR program and we were upgraded to a Junior Suite. It was pleasantly decorated and fairly spacious, but overall there was nothing special about it. There was no view (in fact, we were looking straight into surrounding apartments and thus had no privacy unless we kept the curtains closed), no fireplace, no terrace. It just didn't &quot;wow&quot; us (unlike the 1-bedroom suite we usually get for less money at Trump, with fantastic views of Columbus Circle).We didn't like the Pembroke room, where breakfast and tea are served. It is in a dark, semi-basement location with heavy draperies and an overdone decor (tassles everywhere). We found it dismal. The food was okay but the service was only so-so.In fact, the biggest disappointment about The Lowell was the service. At such a small hotel, with a tiny lobby, guests should expect to be greeted personally by the front desk as they walk by on the way to the elevators. During our entire stay, we were NEVER greeted. In fact, they didn't even make eye contact. There always seemed to be several people behind the desk, but they were all busy talking with each other. Our one request to the concierge was handled pleasantly but impersonally. The most personable people on staff were the doormen, and even they were not all that friendly. We've had much nicer experiences elsewhere.In short, we just didn't enjoy our experience at The Lowell.	
Mar 29 2009 	A quiet lovely spot to stay and hard to top!	I've never stayed at a NYC hotel before, and chose this for location to the park, and for being slightly out of the midtown hustle. Perfect choice. Small, personal, absolutely lovely. We were immediately upgraded at booking to a Junior Suite. Not enormous, but spacious with a closet kitchen, gorgeous bath (separate tub and shower), room service, attentive conceirge. Loved the bed and pillows. Value? I have nothing to compare it to, but this was above midrange during online research.	
Feb 16 2009 	Romantic and comfortable	My husband and I stayed at the Lowell Hotel to celebrate his birthday this past December. We had a lovely experience. While the room itself was not large, it was comfortable and having the working fireplace was great. The bathroom was awesome. Huge class enclosed stall shower, big sink area. Huge tub. We had a great experience!	
Dec 22 2008 	Gem of a Hotel	Don't let the tiny lobby or miniscule elevators fool you, the rooms here are large and exquisite--especially for New York. Our room, 7E had just been renovated and featured a king size bed, kitchenette, terrace, seating area and large marble bathroom with a flat screen TV above the bath. I am not sure if this is technically considered a suite, but I had a hard time leaving the room to explore New York. I have stayed at several nice hotels in the city (The Pierre, The Palace) and The Lowell is by far my favorite. The best part is that you get to avoid the tourist crowds milling around the mouths of the bigger hotels and yet you are in the heart of the shopping district--a perfect place to stay during the Christmas holidays. The Lowell felt like a luxurious home away from home.	
Nov 16 2008 	Tired and dated	After reading many glowing reviews on Trip Advisor, I booked a room at The Lowell for a three day business trip in August '08. When I first arrived, I was given a room on the fourth floor with ancient chipped furniture, a stained rug, and a dingy kitchenette complete with 70s-era appliances. Also, the room was so low and surrounded by other buildings that my cell phone did not work. When I called the front desk to ask for another room on a higher floor with furniture in better condition, I was told that chips and worn paint were simply &quot;the style&quot; of the furniture, and that no other rooms were available. Only after I insisted was I told by the rude desk clerk that she had &quot;moved some things around&quot; and found me a room on a higher floor. Unfortunately, that room was a carbon copy of the first, but at least I had cell phone reception. I got into the shower to find dried splatters of blue soap all over the shower walls and curtain. I had to call housekeeping to clean this up while I went out, which they did. Later that night I turned on the air conditioning, which rattled loudly and kept me awake. The bed and sheets were fine. I'm baffled by the rave reviews given to this hotel. Some floors have renovated rooms, and I hope they're in better shape than the one I was condemned to sleep in. They could hardly be worse for a hotel with this type of name and reputation. The only good things I can say about The Lowell are that it is well located on a nice side street and is quiet. However, that may have been because the hotel was empty due its exhausted appearance and rude staff.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great Intimate Hotel	There are about four hotels in my regular NYC rotation, The Pierre, The Plaza Athenee, the Mandarin Oriental and the Lowell. The Mayfair Regent was also a fave, but it succummed a few years back.In general I like smaller, older and more intimate hotels that have great locations. The Lowell is all that and more. The rooms can be small, but if all I wanted was a bigger room, I'd stay at the Courtyard by Marriott.The Lowell drips charm and the staff is well trained and very attentive to your needs. This last trip was no exception. Everything was perfect in the bathroom, you get a nightly turndown service and a concierge who knows his business.	
Apr 18 2008 	The Most Elegant Hotel In New York	What can I say. This is the very best in NYC. My husband and I celebrated our anniversary at The Lowell. I will never forget it. Marble kitchen and bathroom, crystal, frette sheets, the hotel has a person that just changes the orchids in yoour room daily....our terrace overlooked The Pierre...Everything thing is just done in such good taste. It is perfection!	
Apr 14 2008 	Our Own Hideaway in New York	Four of us went to NY to experience Christmas in the city. No matter how many people we encountered during the day we always knew when we walked in the front door, peace would be the theme. This place is fantastic. The rooms are wonderful, the service is perfect. They found us great tickets to the opera 5 hours before curtain. We stayed five nights and plan on doing it again next year.	
Mar 26 2008 	Lovely quiet hotel	We had 3 nights in The Lowell in a Lowell King room. It was beautifully &amp; newly decorated with a great bed &amp; a very good bathroom.The staff were very helpful. Housekeeping was good. Concierge very good &amp; rather unusually for a NY hotel it was quiet.We loved the breakfasts.But it's expensive &amp; although the area is great for top end shopping it's a bit of a walk to the museums &amp; it's long cab ride downtown.It suited us for 3 nights but I think we would have got bored if we'd stayed longer.	
Mar 7 2008	too low key for me	A little too small for me. Had problems with the toilet which backed up every day;. And the restaurant where we had breakfast needs to be remodeled -- it's looking a little shabby.For this price I'd consider staying elsewhere.	
Jan 17 2008 	The Best!!	With so many hotels to choose from, and so many reviews to peruse, it was hard to make a decision about where to stay on our recent trip to NYC. Luckily, we chose The Lowell. What a gem!! In the past we have stayed at the St Regis and The Penninsula. Not anymore.I called the hotel directly and got, for the great East Side location, a pretty good price after asking if there were any &quot;specials&quot; for my dates. I was quoted a rate quite a bit cheaper than any of the discount websites. The elegant, understated entrance only hints at what is inside...a lovely, small lobby that smells of fragrant flowers. When we checked in, Jonathan, at the front desk, had upgraded us to a room with a recently renovated bathroom. We were offered a complimentary beverage (we chose champagne which arrived within 10 minutes on a silver tray) and enjoyed the beautiful bowl of fruit that had been placed in the room. The decor was refined, the room was immaculate and the new bathroom was stunning.The next day we realized we were on a smoking floor (I had neglected to request a non-smoking room) and I called the front desk to see if there was anything that could be done. Johnathan called back within a half-hour to inform us that we would be upgraded to a suite for the remainder of our stay! We were promptly moved and the maid service was already in the suite making a king bed out of the two twins that were there. Needless to say, we were very impressed by the gesture and most appreciative. Without exception, the staff were the nicest and most helpful of anywhere we've stayed...and we've been to a lot of 5-star hotels. I can't say enough about this superb hotel in the heart of NYC. My only concern is that the secret will get out (should I really be writing this?) and we'll be out of luck next time we're in town.	
Dec 3 2007 	Comfortable Luxury	I had been following the reviews of the Lowell for quite a while now and had some trepidation about staying there before our November stay. This review is for the people who read the same reviews and feel some sort of doubt if they should book there or not -- trust me, you can put your fears to rest !!!The hotel is historic, and located about 2 blocks from Central Park on a fairly quiet street on the Upper East Side. Historic means that the elevators are slow and small, which can be frustrating sometimes. But, a small thing when you look at the overall service the hotel provides. The F subway line is about 2 blocks away, plus the 6 subway line was about 4 blocks away. We found we mostly used these two lines to get around NYC. The staff were not snobbish at all and were all very friendly, down to earth, and welcoming. Kudos to Antonio, the evening concierge, especially. He would always greet us in a warm, friendly manner and was always interested in a short chat on how our day went or in a debate the virtues of a particular restaurant.We stayed in a King Jr. Suite. The suite was spacious, beautifully decorated, and is very true to the pics on their website. Everything was extremely clean and in good repair, no worn furniture or dirty walls or peeling wallpaper as reported in another review. The bed was just a tad firm, but I'm splitting hairs here, and is made up with very high end linens. The bathroom was extremely spacious, all beautifully done in marble and comes with yummy Bulgari Green Tea amenities. Get to know your maid and be on friendly terms, and she'll leave you more to take home ;o)We ordered room service twice from the Post House, and each time our food came well-prepared and hot, within 1/2 an hour, even during busy times. Portions are extremely large, so you may want to split entrees if you are not positively starving. Our faves were the coconut cake; lots of white cake layers sandwiched between coconut mousse and the Lobster Club sandwich.The service at the Lowell is top notch, we have stayed at Four Seasons Hotels and I would say it is comparable. For example, there are plenty of umbrellas on rainy days, and when you come back from a wet outing, they automatically exchange your wet umbrella for a dry one. We had mentioned it was my birthday and one evening a very large chocolate mousse cake was delivered to our room, gratis, with a candle. After the first day, the staff greet you by name. Little things like the above make all the difference and should be expected as well, as it is not cheap to stay at the Lowell. There is also a gym that is fairly well equipped, with plenty of bottled water, fresh fruit and every type of energy bar/ protein bar you can think of that you can help yourself to. Also, there is also a free computer and printer to use, which saves you from bringing a laptop.All in all, we feel it is worth it to stay at the Lowell, and will save our pennies to do so again. We felt totally pampered and relaxed, plus the friendly staff made it a pleasure to come back &quot;home&quot;. I can truly say we had a wonderful experience at the Lowell and look forward to staying there again soon.	
Oct 19 2007	Elegant European style hotel	We had just escaped a nervous experience driving through Newark and arrived to the warmth of the Lowell with relief. The staff were welcoming and helpful. The lobby is nothing special and a bit dark. The rooms however are sumptuous and elegant. We had lovely beds, high quality carpeting, pillows, sheets, comforters, etc. The bathroom was also full of marble and rich fixtures.The room service was ridiculously expensive but served with fine china and silver and done in a classy fashion. We love the location being in a residential neighborhood not far from central park on the east side.If you're looking for an elegant, european style (small and luxurious) hotel that you can't go wrong with the Lowell.	
Aug 18 2007	awful	Hoping that being marketed by the Leading Small Hotels of the World would be a good thing, we booked a 4 night stay here. We arrived to a woman complaining to the check-in desk that the bar wouldn't serve her alcohol. The person at the check-in desk actually started to argue with her, and voices started rising. This should have been enough information to have us turning on our heels...but we were exhausted from a transatlantic flight and gave it a try.Mistake. The room was tiny and noisy. The bathroom had that musty smell that New York City bathrooms get after 20 years. We couldn't sleep because of the honking taxi cab horns. We checked out after one night and moved to another hotel.	
Jul 17 2007 	Absolutely Lovely Hotel in New York City	The Lowell is a truly rare find in New York City - a wonderful location with gracious staff and distinctive rooms! I literally booked the room minutes before arriving and yet was met on my arrival like a returning family member. No-one even batted an eye when I checked-in sans luggage as I had not planned for an overnight stay in the city. Within minutes of being shown to my room a small assortment of toiletries was delivered -- a hair brush, tooth brush/paste, etc. Coupled with the yummy Bulgari toiletries I was set for a night of pampering!The room itself was a dream. It was beautifully decorated in a personal home way, large, well-lit and had french doors leading to a terrace which ran the length of my room. And the bathroom was huge complete with double sinks and lovely window (more light) and heated marble floors. I could move right in!A small kitchen is cleverly hidden behind what appears to be a closet door. It comes complete with a refrigerator, microwave, small cooktop and dinnerware. Did I mention I could move right in?The staff was gracious and kind. I ordered a tea service for dinner and it arrived within 15 minutes. About 9pm I ordered a snack and it to was at my door in minutes -- but the biggest surprise was the excellent quality of the room service food. When leaving the next morning the doorman ran between Madison and the hotel to locate a taxi for me if the rain. Now how often does that occur?Beg, borrow and plead but do stay here your next visit to NYC. They absolutely have me as a client for life!	
Jul 11 2007 	Intimate and elegant!	I loved the Lowell! After staying there for 3 nights, I must agree with the other reviews: great personable service, spotless rooms with all the right touches, great location for shopping and dining... The small size of this hotel is great for women travelling alone (like myself). PS: Avoid the restaurant across the street : &quot;Le Bilbouquet&quot; when the part time hostess &quot;Anna&quot; works (she was there on July 8th), her displays of rudness, unaccommodating demeanor and pompous behavior will ruin your New York experience. Ask your doorman before you go. I wished I had! It seems that she's been there for 30 years and you should just avoid her if you want to taste their food.	
Jul 3 2007 	Would definitely recommend if you can secure a renovated room	The Lowell was good-definitely an upmarket luxury hotel-but I found myself wanting more for the high price I was paying.On the upside, the suite I stayed in was spacious and had great natural light. The bathroom was terrific-stocked with Bulgari products and the folks at the front desk were incredibly helpful, especially John Mark the concierge who helped me recover and forward my luggage which the airline had lost.On the downside, there were a few things in the suite that seemed tired: bits of wallpaper peeling at the corners and scuffs and chips in the baseboards etc. They were relatively small but nonetheless irksome at that price level.I found the room service to be excellent for a hotel, though the continental breakfasts were seriously lacking.	
Mar 31 2007 	Home away from home	My husband and I checked into the Lowell Hotel a week before Christmas. Our plan was to stay in New York for 3 nights before heading off to St. Moritz for a Christmas ski trip. Things often do not go as planned, and my husband got very sick in New York. The Lowell Hotel was so fantastic to us. They made a Dr's appointment on Christmas Eve for my husband, and when it was decided he could not fly to Europe because he was very sick with the flu, we could not continue our trip, the conceirge at the hotel helped us cancel our reservations for air, and hotel, and train tickets in Europe, and the hotel extended our room reservations over Christmas. We stayed at the hotel for one week, and the conceierge, and desk staff could not have been kinder to us . We appreciated everything they did for us, including all the little extras. I would never stay at another hotel. If you want, small intimate, great location, low key hotel, with the most perfect staff in town, this hotel is for you.	
Mar 16 2007 	You CAN go home again!	Having recently joined the FHR program at American Express, this gem of property is back on my list, and it was a real treat to return. I've stayed there for many times over more years than I care to admit, including with my dear departed mum when I was a teen. It's more than just the fireplaces and the homey shelves full of real booksThere is something magical about the way the Lowell mixes glamour with gracious hospitality, and something admirable about they way they keep the rooms fresh without losing that slightly old-fashioned feeling. I think one of the keys to their success is the door and bell staff, who just couldn't be nicer or more efficient without being pretentious or oily. My major problem with the hotel when I stopped staying there a few years ago was the lack of broadband, and not only have they fixed that, it's free! All top hotels know they have us at their mercy in this regard and can charge a lot. To me that decisions says a lot about the management of the Lowell, and their understanding that the guest goodwill norn of gestures like this one is extremely useful in the times when occupancy rates are falling today's heady levels.For anyone traveling with children or who likes to self-cater, the Lowell has marvelous little kitchenettes that allow you to save on room service. We have had wonderful brunches with quiches from Fauchon, and the staff are nice about bringing set-ups. This is just a wonderful place to stay, and after a big wearying day in the great city, it really does feel like home.	
Jan 4 2007	Perfect for the New Year	My brother and I booked one of the signature suites (the Lowell Suite) for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day -- we wanted to host an open house on New Year's Day. The suite, with its working fireplace, impressed New Yorkers and visitors alike. Arranging a buffet in the suite took all of two e-mails. We also ordered room service for eight people at 3:00 am on New Year's Eve, and the food arrived promptly and was delicious. There were some small glitches during the week-end, but the staff were always exemplary, and promptly corrected anything that I brought to their attention. I strongly recommend the Lowell to anyone who wants the conceit of being &quot;At Home&quot; in New York.	
Mar 31 2006	Fantastic	My husband was relunctant to go to New York City, so I tried to be very careful and get a hotel he might like.The Lowell definitely fit the bill. The room was large (for New York standards) with a small kitchenette. The service was outstanding and the food was great. I would definitely stay here again.The only thing I would change is I wouldn't eat at the Post House again. I ordered my steak medium and the inside was still raw. From what I could see of the other steaks served, this was typical.	
Jan 31 2006	Personal service only goes so far	I read, did research and really poured my heart into finding a great top-of-the-line hotel for an Oct trip to NYC. I had a difficult travel companion and thus wanted a hotel that catered to her every need. The Lowell DID live up to this expectation. They were always there when we needed them and treated my travel companion with respect even though she can be rude, impatient and otherwise difficult to manage. The place was a little too fancy (and almost too snobby at times) for my taste (completely personal) but nonetheless, it was still a very classy hotel that is in a league of its own. HOWEVER THIS IS WHERE THE PRAISE FOR THE LOWELL HOTEL ENDS!! We had made some large purchases in NYC and needed to have some items shipped home. I told staff the package was fragile and that we needed to buy insurance for $3,000. The items arrived to our home in the original bag I had given the staff to pack, in a box with no bubble wrap or other cushion and that was about double the size necessary for the contents inside. In addition, very little tape had been used to secure the package. Needless to say, about $300 worth of items arrived broken. The shipper denied the insurance claim for $300 because of the poor packing of the fragile items. Given the caliber of The Lowell Hotel and how they are known for such intimate personal service, I just expected much more from them on handling the package. Besides the obvious lack of packing material inside a box 2x too big for the bag shipped, they just put the bag (which was incredibly heavy with glass and lead crystal balls and bowls) in the box. Placing the order for $3,000 worth of insurance should at a minimum have been a flag for the staff to take additional steps to ensure the package was shipped securely. However, that was not even the worst part of the whole experience. I had several conversations on the phone with the hotel staff and the lead manager, expending a lot of effort to make my case as to why the hotel should pay our $300 claim. The hotel denied ever being told the package was fragile (thus, in effect, implying I was lying). And the manager participated in a very lengthy dicker-and-ticker with me trying to explain rational reasons why the package was handled in the way that it was. We spent over $4,000 at The Lowell and yet, they decided to put me through a grueling, tiring batter of the blame game in order to avoid paying a measly $300 claim. Never once did they offer anything for my troubles and damaged items. Not even 10% off our next stay in The Lowell; not that I would even stay there for free now. In closing, The Lowell is a good, nice hotel and I hate to see them treat a customer this way, particularly one that spent so much there. I guess a $4,000 hotel bill is a pretty measly chunk of change compared to their usual clients and they don't mind losing us. Maybe we did not live up to the ideal of a Lowell client. Whatever the reason, they should have paid the $300 claim, written it off as a loss and subsequently ended up with a very satisfied client happy to come back any time. Instead, their actions have produced this review and created bad word-of-mouth into the general circulation of a well connected and influential former client. My ex-boyfriend's name is Lowell too. I should have known trouble would be around the corner!!	
Jan 2 2006	Perfect New York Hotel	We stayed at the Lowell in Nov. of 05. My daughter was getting married in the city that weekend. Everything I had requested was granted and they were very courteous upon checkin. The room was clean and the bathroom very roomy. The gym was terrific and the concierge was wonderful. We will stay at the Lowell again.	
Sep 2 2005 	Aways stay at the Lowell if I can	I aways stay at the Lowell if I can, the sevice is great, rooms are large (most with kitchettes), staff rembers my likes (and most important dislikes). There is a great resturant on site &quot;the post house&quot; and a great little no name (there is no name on the resturant, dose not need one it is allways busy) French resturant across the street.	
May 18 2005 	Splendid Spring Stay	Lovely European elegance and charm. Great location-between Park and Madison-excellent shopping nearby. Room itself wonderful and comfortable. Bulgari bath products-large bathroom-comfortable bed-mini wet bar included refrigerator drawers stocked with nice goodies-service excellent and attentive-great quick room service. Will return.	
Apr 11 2005	The Lowell it's small neat and lovely and it a perfect location	We stayed 5 nights in the Lowell last month in a standard room. The service was excellent. The room was impeccable. The linens and furnishings were lovely; the bathroom was spotless and spacious. The service was first rate and attentive. We called for help with hooking up our laptop - a technician arrived within a few minutes. Did the front desk recognize us everytime we came and went, no. Did that matter? Absolutely not - we're not that full of ourselves to expect them to; they were respectful and helpful at every instance, as were the several attendants at the front door. I had a letter to mail as we were checking out and because the person at the front desk did not know if their mail had arrived for the day or not, he handed my letter to a front door attendant who walked it across Madison Ave and dropped it in a post box for me.What I have figured out is that these reviews have to be taken with a grain of salt. And I truly believe, if one treats a stranger (or hotel staff person) with respect, one is often returned with the same treatment. This hotel is a gem and the location is perfect.	
Feb 24 2005	perfect!	We have just returned from 12 nights at the Lowell. I can't imagine staying anywhere else in New York after this trip. We were in town because our daughter was in the hospital and the staff at the Lowell couldn't have been kinder or more accommodating. Our suite was just right- the fireplace offered a wonderful ambiance at the end of the day. The location is perfect and I've never seen a staff so dedicated and lovely (and we have stayed many times at the Four Seasons). Book a suite or a room and know that this is the hotel you'll call &quot;home&quot; from now on in New York!	
Dec 16 2004	Don't look for Nick and Jessica here	The Lowell caters to those who do not wish to stay at an &quot;in&quot; hotel, though, I think it's standard is better than most well-know grand hotels in the city. It's not affiliated with any chain, and you can tell the moment you arrive. There are no key cards; instead actual room keys that you leave with the desk staff (whom after the first time you reurn, have their arm extended with your key before you open your mouth). Since this was an old apartment building, each room has a full kitchen (the deluxe rooms have kitchenettes with Sub-Zero brand appliances) and rooms are exactly what you except a hotel of this caliber to be (Bulgari porducts, TVs in the tub, etc). Service and attention to detail have the corporate hotels beat hands-down. Four Seasons and St. Regis (stayed at SR, both have double the rate) can't compete. Ice comes in two minutes, and room service is quick. The low turnover in staff is amazing. I live in the city and when my parents visit, once or twice a year, the staff always remembers me and sends me up without calling them. One complaint, there is not a bar with a sitting area (neighboring Post House has a door to its restaurant and offers full room service in addition to the hotels own kitchen, but has a stand-only bar). However, guests have signing privileges at Club Macanudo next door (and Le Bilbouquet bistrot across the street). All in all, this is not the place to see an be seen and the staff and guests wouldn't have it any other way. And who has actual terraces and in-suite fireplaces that work? (they will actually come and build a fire...for a fee, of course. This is the East Side after all). NB: Leading Hotels (and even Orbitz) can have rates at $310, even during the holidays. If you want to go back and brag that you stayed at a Peninsula or Mandarin, do it, but you'll pay more and get less.	
Sep 21 2004	European Luxury in the USA	Having stayed at the The Lowell 8 times in the last 3 years, it is my favorite Hotel in all of New York, and possibly the USA. If you want to get the feel of being a New Yorker living near Central Park &amp; within steps of the best shopping in the city, you won't want to miss coming &quot;home&quot; to The Lowell. I was there for Christmas in 2003 with my pekingese, and we had the best Christmas I've ever had. Room service is superb, the concierge will arrange whatever requests you may have, and the desk staff treated me &amp; my dog like we were 1st class. The rooms are very quiet and furnishings are very comfortable. Enjoy your trip to New York &amp; please consider this your fine luxurious peaceful home away from home.	
Aug 5 2004 	Understated Elegance....	When the Ritz and Plaza Athene were booked I decided to try The Lowell last May (2004). It was a very good value and just steps from the best shopping on Madison Avenue, I went with low expectations so had little to lose. On first impression the lobby seemed dark &amp; a bit dreary, but the welcoming staff &amp; unasked for room upgrade quickly made up for it. As a woman traveling alone, I prefer small boutique hotels with a european feeling and my idea of heaven is a bed filled with down pillows, a bubble bath and great room service when I'm away from home... and The Lowell had it all. Right down to the Bulgari toiletries and Frederic Fakai shampoo! My room was spacious, tastefully furnished, and I couldn't wait to get back for 'High Tea' at the end of the day (clotted cream &amp; all). If five star service is a priority, you may be disappointed, but if quiet, privacy, and understated elegance makes you happy you will be delighted with The Lowell.	
Dec 22 2003	very unhappy with service	I absolutely LOVED our room. We stayed 5 nights and it truly felt like we had our own apartment in the city. However, the service was terrible! We booked a $750 suite and were upgraded by the hotel manager to an even nicer room ($1,200) without having to ask. The front desk staff was rude each and every time I spoke to them. They didn't recognize me as a guest once during my 5 day stay. They neglected to bring packages to my room. They lost my husbands lap top for a few hours. A houskeeper and repairmen working on another room on our floor raided our kitchen of alcohol and candy bars and the front desk refused to take them off the bill. Also houskeeping neglected to place a sign on our fireplace informing us of the $20 per day fee for it's use. We used it every day and were shocked upon checkout to have $100 in charges. Again, the desk refused to remove the charge. I even suggested that they accompany me upstairs to prove the sign wasn't there. The staff member then accused me of &quot;disposing of the sign&quot;. I received a refund for the extra charges after writing a letter to the hotel manager. He was very nice about it and has offered us a free night next time we are in NYC. I'm a little scared to give them another try though, especially with so many fabulous hotels in the city.	
Jul 5 2003	Superb and understated	I have stayed at The Lowell several times and it is simply superb in every respect. The staff is the best anywhere and service is impeccable. I give it an unqualified &quot;Five Stars&quot;.	
Oct 7 2008	Un séjour unique		
