Nov 21 2009 	excellent!	We were recommended the Seafarers International House by a family member who stayed here before. We were delighted with the location, the accommodation and the price. Its right beside Union Square which has lots of shops, Starbucks, some nice bars and places to eat. One place we went back to eat every morning &amp; most evenings was called 'the Coffee Shop &amp; bar'. Great food and price.Accommodation is very basic, but comfortable and very clean. You can choose between a room with shared bathroom, or private bathroom. We went for the private bathroom (which is a bit extra than the shared). TV in the room (not that we spent much time with it on!). There is a subway station very close by. Definately would recommend to stay here!	
Nov 9 2009 	Good Affordable Accom	Seafarers is a great place to stay relatively cheap in NYC. By no means is is dodgy or crap, but its not the hilton either.Rooms, whilst small are adequate for a stay in NYC, its a place to rest your head when you get back after a big day. The surrounding area has expensive and cheap food, in between 2nd and 3rd Ave on East 14th, there are some nice n cheap Asian eateries, as well as in the direct area of the hotel, there are more expensive options.There are about 5 bars within a 1min walking distance to the hotel, as to is Starbucks, a grocery store and some other shopping places.The rooms at night can get a little noisy, but nothing that a set of ear plugs cant fix. We stayed in a combination of shared bathroom and with a private bathroom, it costs a little more for the private BR, but sill worthwhile.The staff are friendly enough, and are happy to accomodate you as per a normal hotel.I would definately come back to Seafarers next time I am in town!It was a great find and you cant do any better for the money you spend.Thanks Seafarers!Oh and it is very close to Union Sq subway which can take you uptown, downtown and across town with ease!	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect budget choice in central New York.	This place is the perfect choice for an affordable stay in New York. The room we had was big enough with a twin bed and a cot, a hand basin &amp; cable tv. The rooms shared bathroom &amp; toilet were always kept clean. There was a coin operated laundry in the basement, coffee &amp; tea in the lobby &amp; 2 compuers providing free Internet all this &amp; just a 5 min walk from Union Square subway. The staff were polite &amp; helpful. Lots of facilities within walking distance.	
Sep 30 2009 	Cheap Clean Friendly low-key accomodation	We stayed 4 nights here in September and it was perfect. The room was clean, a reasonable size (for two sharing + shared bathroom) and in a handy location. We wanted somewhere basic, which was nice and cheap compared to the other over-priced New York hotels/hostels and this must be a real hidden gem. It worked out £50 per night (no tax and they even gave us a student rate) which was half the price quoted at other hotels. There is also free wi-fi access in the lobby and two communal computers to use. They were happy to look after our bags on the day of departure. Bathrooms and toilets were kept clean throughout our stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	Best no frills room you'll find!	I am a very low maintenance traveler. A bed to crash in when I get back from a day of adventures. Seafarer's provides the cleanest, inexpensive digs in NYC in the very best neighborhood. You're just a block from Union Square, the Subway, a Whole Foods Market, the beloved Strand bookstore, a chocolate bar to die for....you're right in the heart of Chelsea! If you plan to be out most of the day, this is the place to stay. If safety is an issue, the doors are locked after 10pm, and you just have to show your key to the overnight staff person to get back in. There is internet access in the lobby, but lots of coffee shops nearby.If you stay in the corner rooms, you get two beds and a private bath. If you stay in the single rooms, you can request a cot so your single sleeps 2, with a shared bath in the hall. The rooms always remind me of staying at my grandparents -- I always feel like I'm in someone's home.In the lobby, they provide lots of travel information, including coupons and maps of public transit, etc. Also, they are always willing to help you get to where you need to go. After I checked out, they were even willing to hang onto my luggage at no charge until later in the afternoon. Great people! You'll meet people from all over the world here.Seafarer's is not where you stay if you're looking for a spa-like experience. If you want granite countertops, you can pay lots more somewhere else for those. But you still won't have this fabulous neighborhood...and why spend your cash on posh sleeping when you can spend it on a NYC adventure instead!Plus, it's for a good cause, supporting many ministries for those who work/live on the sea.	
Jul 18 2009 	The hidden \gem of NYC acccommodation	We were recommended this great little place from friends of ours. It is perfect for travellers on a budget and is located right near union square. We stayed for 3 nights in two single rooms with shared bathroom ( no doubles available) and for the fourth night stayed in a double room with private bath. The value was incredible as it cost under $150US per night, where most people had told us they had stayed in dodgy accommodation in NYC hotels for $300. The rooms were simple but very clean with television and handbasins. The shared and private bathrooms were also spotless and frequently available. There was a free computer connected to the internet downstairs with a lounge area. There is also a grocery and supermarket nearby. The location is unbeatable for the price and dont miss the union square markets on the weekend. The seafarers was by far our best budget accommodation in our U.S travels and all friends and family we have recommended it to have thoroughly enjoyed their stays.	
Jun 10 2009 	Pound for pound 5 stars. Slept like a baby for under $100 in perfect location.	This place is 100 percent of what I wanted and needed -- a quiet, safe, well-located place to sleep while enjoying Manhattan.I usually stay at 4 and 5 star places or exclusive apartments, so the idea of shared bath and shower frightened me back to the days of college dorms and dirty facilities.Not the case here. The single seater shared toilet was cleaner than my bathroom at home. The single shower (much better than a locker room set up with multiple showers) had endless warm water and again, was clearner than my own one at home. The room was tiny, but quiet. The location is perfect -- a block from Union Square, with its subway link to the rest of NYC and its great shopping, restaurants, etc. all around.The staff is super low key, but helpful. On a super tight budget, I wanted to stay one night, then stow my bag the next 18 hours to catch an early morning flight...ie, party for a day without paying for a room. I had much trepidation about leaving my stuff there. But the folks locked it up in a room -- better service and more secure than I've had at Hiltons that toss your bags on a pile where anyone could steal them. After 10 p.m., you show your room key to get buzzed in -- making it safer than a chain hotel where anybody could sneak into the elevator and roam the hallways.The staff even let me get my boarding pass faxed to their office (when the printer wasn't working from the free internet computer in the lobby).I could go on and on. Of course there's no pool, restaurant,etc.....you are paying only for a clean place to rest, sleep, shower, secure your stuff... while you play in Manhattan and pay a room rate equal or below the price of a roundtrip cab ride from/to LaGuardia. Amazing. If I hit the lotto, I'm going to donate some money to these folks to help their cause.	
Apr 13 2009 	Location Location Location!!	Without a doubt the best thing going for this hotel is the location. It was by far the cheapest budget accommodation I could find in Manhatten that didn't have mice, bedbugs or cockroaches! It's in the heart of Manhatten, just off Union Square and a stones throw from 14th Street subway station. There is a small reception area with tea/coffee making facilities for a small price. There is also a PC with internet access and a printer that can be used to print boarding passes only. Reception staff were not exactly chatty but then were rarely spent anytime in the reception area so maybe it was more us than them. Behind the reception is the chapel where guest can join the services if they wish. We went for Sunday morning service which was lovely. There is also a small library/lounge on the first floor which has a large TV and another PC. There are 2 lifts that service all floors. Each floor has 10 rooms (5 to the left &amp; 5 to the right of the lifts). There were 2 small shower rooms and 2 small seperate WC's per floor, again 1 each to the left and 1 each to the right of the lifts. Both were very basic, hostel like, but okay. It would have been nice to have mirrors in the bathrooms. No once during my 6 day stay did I have to wait to use either the WC or shower room. Bedrooms also have hand basins which helps. Bedrooms have a/c although we didn't have to use ours in March. Bedrooms were spacious, clean and perfecty adequate. No fridge in the rooms but they did have TV's although not much worth watching, but then who goes to New York to watch TV?!? In the basement is a small laundry room and a small room with a few dining tables and a couple of vending machines, 1 for cold drinks and 1 for snacks. There is also an ice machine just around the corner. The basement did have a damp smell to it though. There is no breakfast but the excellent Gramercy Diner a few blocks away offers very good, reasonably priced food. I would also recommend Shades of Green, the Irish bar next door, for a few nightcaps before returning to the hotel. I think we staggered out at about 5.30am on our last night! I would definitely recommend Seafarers for a budget central stay and would stay there again if visiting New York again.	
Feb 25 2009 	The perfect place to stay in NYC	The location was perfectly located in the city with the subway only a little over a block away. With two supermarkets within two blocks it was easy to grab a midnight snack or sodas and talk to the locals. For those of you who like a night cap, There's a sports bar catty corner but with the windows closed you would never know it was there. We spent our mornings at a diner that was 2 blocks away, walked our [-] off seeing the sights and splurged on dinner. The station at Union Square (one block away) goes everywhere and it didn't matter where cuz it was always about 10 minutes. The staff was polite and helpful.	
Jan 3 2009	USA Virgins	As first time travellers to the USA, we were looking for a place to stay which had good transport links, good reviews and reasonably priced and this had it all. The staff were great, the rooms were clean and the location was perfect. There were several bars and restaraunts very close, which we tried and found to be very good. I would definately return.	
Dec 3 2008 	Budget stay in a fantastic location	This place is all about value, location and convenience. If you're looking for luxury and pampering, go somewhere else. We weren't - we just wanted a safe, comfortable and well located place and this ticks all the boxes.The guesthouse it really easy to get to. It's right next to Union Square, about 50 yards from one of the best connected Subway stations in the City - 14th St - Union Square. We never needed more than 2 trains to get back to the hotel from anywhere, and most of the time it was only one. There's a supermarket (The Food Emporium) right near the place too (even closer than the station!). The Union Square area itself is fantasic. Loads of great shops and eateries - plus a cinema. For shopping I recommend Filene's Basement - loads of bargains on designer names there!There are rooms with shared shower facilities available, but we went for the private bathroom option and were impressed. The shower had good pressure and there was always hot water. The bathroom was pretty clean - no real problems there. Fresh towels were provided on 4 of the 7 days. They don't service your room on weekends - plus we were there for thanksgiving too so the cleaners were off then too. As we were expecting this (it's made clear in the pre-arrival info) it was no problem. When the room was serviced, it was done well. It was a twin room rather than a double. Beds were plenty big enough although a little hard. Perfectly comfortable though. There were a couple of chairs, a desk, chest of drawers and a small fridge! Not a mini-bar, but an actual fridge which could be turned on and used free of charge. We didn't use this, but I thought it was a helpful option. There was a flatscreen tv on the wall which had cable. The room was everything we needed it to be - a place to rest our heads in quiet comfort after long hard days of pounding the streets and exploring NYC for all it's worth!Reception staff were helpful and efficient throughout. The room itself was simple, clean and safe. There is an air conditioning system which can't be switched off as it serves the whole guesthouse - this makes a bit of a humming noise which if you're a light sleeper may annoy. However, this is switched off between 11pm and 6.30am. After the first day, we were so shattered that we could have slept with a pneumatic drill going off under the bed, and so we were able to ignore the humming and sleep even when the system was on.In terms of other facilities, there are two pc's with internet (one in the lobby, one on the mezzanine overlooking the lobby) which are free of charge for guests. They recommend that you use them for no longer than 20mins at a time if there are others waiting, but a lot of the time I sat and used them for longer as there was no-one else around.There is tea and coffee always available in the lobby - 25c a cup. In the basement there are food and drinks vending machines and an ice machine. I have to say though, the basement is pretty dingy and a little unnerving alone! Not a place you'd want to spend a lot of time!There is a small chapel and library full of Lutheran literature. Obviously the place is run by the church and there are various ministers who have offices there. But the religious stuff is never pressed upon you. The facilities are there for you to use if you wish, but it's your call. No pressure is put on you and there's no brainwashing!There's a common room area on the 2nd floor which we didn't use but it looked to be just a few chairs and tables and a kitchen which was locked. They were providing a free thanksgiving meal there on the Monday but we didn't join in.There are 2 lifts - but these are unbelievably slow!! Again, the staff are well aware of this and there's a lovely little notice in each one suggestion ways you could pass the time while in the lift!Overall then, this place was everything I expected it to be. Compared to other NYC accommodation, it's very well priced, very well run and is in a perfect location where you can get to anywhere easily! It's not perfect, but four our purposes it was great.	
Nov 7 2008 	Good stay in Manhattan	I think there is no cheaper stay if you want to be located in Manhattan and have a relatively good quality.Room was tiny but clean, good enough for just sleeping there.They had a pc with internet and printer in the lobby which was free to use.	
Oct 13 2008 	good budget choice	Had a private room (decent size) for $82 but shared the bathroom (separate room for toilet and shower) on the floor. There were only a few other rooms on the floor so it wasn't busy. The rooms were clean enough (not sparkling like a fancy hotel, but this is not a hotel ... think YWCA). Good location, only two blocks to the subway, and there are many restaurants nearby for breakfast etc. Easy access to major bus routes as well. An 8 taxi ride from Penn Station.	
Oct 6 2008 	Best accomodation in Manhattan	I and my husband stayed in Seafarers Guesthouse from 26/12/2007 to 02/01/2008 and we thouroughly enjoyed our stay. We had stayed in the Radisson on Lexington Avenue the previous year and I would not return there. The rooms in Seafareres were much cleaner and the lcaotion was excellent. The subway was on the doorstep and connected all over Manhattan. We saved a fortune on taxis from the previous year because of this great location. I have booked my sister into this accomodation since and she had an excellent stay also. I'll definetly be back.	
Sep 29 2008 	Unbeatable location and excellent value	The guesthouse has an unbeatable location, one block away from the subway station at Union Square. The price is also unbeatable, we paid a little over 100 dollars/night for our room. We had a single room with a rollaway bed (with shared bathroom). Before our trip we were a bit sceptical about the rollaway bed, but it was okay. But the beds have plastic covers on their mattrasses, which is a bit tacky. The room is small and pretty basic, but had AC and cable TV. They clean the rooms three times a week and we got fresh towels each time. The shared toilets and showers were a bit dated, but clean. The guesthouse has two computers with free internet on them, which is a great bonus, so you can easily check your email. They have coffee in the lobby for 25c/cup and a vending machine in the basement for cool drinks and snacks. We would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 19 2008 	so so	I guess we are the exception. Unlike most reviewers we did not enjoy our stay. Most reviews are positive which is why we booked at Seafarers, I guess we were just unlucky. Yes, the location and price are great but our room was not clean. We had to beg to get clean towels, the bedding was never changed (we stayed nearly a week), both wastepaper baskets were overflowing when I finally left them in front of the janitor closet (they sat there for two days before someone emptied them), the toilet seat was broken and nearly falling off.....Most reviews are glowing so I guess we caught the cleaning staff at a bad time.I will think twice before staying there again.	
May 8 2008 	Awesome location polite service clean room	Located near the subway, just a coin's toss from Union Square, this small hotel had clean rooms, decent linens and simple - if a bit dated - furnishings. We were lucky enough to get a room with a private bath and two single beds. Bring your own soap. Staff were helpful and didn't mind us storing our luggage there at no extra cost before and after official check-out times. I'd definately stay there again.	
May 3 2008 	Can't be beat!!!!!	I stayed at this hotel from April 28,2008-May 2, 2008. I'll start with the good, and then proceed from there :)The location is EXCELLENT. It is about a block from Union Square and all the amenities that Union Square provides. For those of you unfamiliar with Union Square--it is a major subway hub. The actual square is surrounded by a Whole Foods ( fresh groceries at reasonable prices, plus hot foods), a major record/CD store (Virgin Megastore), Barnes and Noble (bookstore), several coffee shops, small restaurants, as well as farmer's market on select days of the week. I say this because the location of Seafarer's can't be emphasized enough. It is amazing.The rooms were small, but clean. The washrooms/toilets were shared, but were for single use. It's not like a YMCA or a gym, where it's one big institutional room. The TV's in the rooms were in good working order, as well as the air conditioning. My room actually had a remote for both, which was convenient.The price is great. I paid 84 dollars a night for a single. The rooms were in good condition, if not spanking new. That, and there's no hotel tax or occupancy tax. That alone saves you 13% on your total hotel bill.The hotel itself had many amenities, but I didn't use a lot of them. There are 2 free computers for internet access--one in the lobby, and one in the mezzanine. The mezz acts like a common room of sorts--there is a large TV, couches, etc. The basement has full laundry facilities, and there is a chapel on the ground floor. This place is run by the Lutherans, although they don't &quot;push&quot; their religion on you.The front desk staff were great. I had no problems with them in either checking in, or checking out.Problems were few and far between. The rooms did smell a bit musty, but opening the windows solved that problem. Union Square is a busy neighbourhood, so if you're not used to hearing a lot of sirens and people--it can be noisy when trying to sleep. I AM used to that, so I had no problems with it.All in all, I can say that for the money and location, this premise can't be beat. I've stayed at many places in NYC, and this ranks right up there. I'd definitely stay here again. Oh, word of warning...this place is POPULAR ( for good reason). If you're planning on staying at Seafarer's, make your reservations well in advance.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great Location - cheap and cheerful!	Second time I've stayed here and its location and cost is fantastic..................right on Union Square so handy for everything. Rooms are basic but clean and the shower rooms are shared so its best to try and get up early so you're first to use it! They are, however, cleaned several times a day so it remains clean. With reference to the &quot;religious&quot; element its purely there if you want it and not something that is mandatory to participate in. There are loads of great bars nearby and the village is a short taxi ride away. Try the irish bar thats next door to the Seamans Mission - great food too! If you are planning a cheeky weekend away to New York and shouldn't really then this is the place to stay as you can justify the cost in your head. Just don't be expecting anything palatial.................	
Nov 9 2007	The constant buzz of NY!	I only rated this place average, but it is fantastic for the price. It's so cheap in comparison to other NY hotels. Plus the location is ideal. You are just a few minutes walk from Union Square and the subway. For the cost, it's a great place to stay. The rooms are clean and although they had a muddle with our booking, they sorted it out okay. The staff aren't the friendliest, but helpful enough. The internet is free, so that's great. The aircon was really noisy in our room, so we slept with the window open, but then the streets are noisy 24/7. I found that quite exciting, so didn't worry me. NY is so exciting, that really you only return to your hotel to sleep.	
Oct 7 2007 	Odd but cheap	When a trip to NYC was extended suddenly, I was left without a hotel reservation. A friend suggested Seafarer's as an emergency option.Seafarer's is a Christian run missionary outpost in NYC, catering to seafaring folk who are docked in the city for awhile and all international travelers in general. Most of the rooms have shared toilets and showers, which are found in the hallway.The location is unbeatable for the price, just a few blocks off Union Square, convenient to everything NYC has to offer. There is a computer in the lobby with free internet that you can use to check your email. The lobby staff was helpful. They take student cards for an additional discount on the room which could be helpful for young people visiting the city. I never felt like religion was being pushed on me and you don't need to be a Christian to stay here. This might sound silly but after hearing it was a missionary hotel I was a little skeptical.The room was basic but there was AC and cable tv. The mattress has a plastic cover over it and combined with the general look of the place, it leaves you feeling like you're staying in a hospital. Still, seeing as how this was an emergency and my room was about $80 a night, I took it all in stride.	
Jun 27 2007	Happytraveller	For a single female traveler I felt very safe and happy staying at Seafarers. I recommend to anyone who is not looking for fanc hotels and does not want to spend a lot of money on the outrageous hotels in NYC. The staff is really nice and welcoming. They are very busy, but that is because they are good, clean and very well located - just one block form the underground. To get a reservation you have to write ahead of time or you will not find a room! I will stay there if I ever go back to NYC.	
Mar 26 2007 	Price is right	What do you expect for $99 a night in New York? The elevator is tiny, the staff maybe not the most friendly, but passable. The sheets and beds were clean, the shower clean. A little rough around the edges, but in NYC you cannot beat the price.	
Mar 23 2006	Couldnt have wanted more!!	We stayed at the Seafarers International House for 6 nights and were more than happy with our choice. The hotel is excellent value for money. We paid $99 per night for a double room with shared bathroom &amp; no hotel tax!! The bedroom was very clean, tastefully decorated and a comfortable size with cable TV. The shared bathrooms were again very clean and always available and if you want to pay extra for ensuite you can. The rooms were also very quiet (always got a good nights sleep) and the staff were friendly.This hotel is in a perfect location - right near public transport and in good walking distance from nightlife (bars, gigs, restaurants) and shopping. Its in a safe location and is far more chilled and less hectic than mid town. Mid Town is only about 20 mins away by metro.So if your looking for somewhere cheap, clean, and in a brilliant location then we would definately recommend the Seafares and International House.	
Sep 15 2009 	nel cuore di new york		
Dec 30 2008 	Economico e centralissimo		
Oct 13 2008 	volveré sin duda		
Oct 5 2008 	Buena ubicación buen precio y buenos hongos		
Sep 29 2008 	Schlicht + einfach		
May 19 2008 	Muy buena ubicación relación calidad precio e higiene general. Volveré		
