Oct 27 2009 	Hip Hotel	Great hip hotel in a great location. It's not the lap of luxury -- the rooms are small-ish, there is no bathtub, and the general philosophy is that the guests should be left alone. But everything is very chic, the rooms are nicely decorated and when needed, the staff is helpful. If you know New York at all, you will stay here in a heartbeat over anything in midtown. There is a lot of nightlife around the hotel, so a high floor is preferable, but the windows did a very good job of keeping it quiet,	
Aug 25 2009 	Great change to the usual midtown hotels	I have stayed many times in New York City, this time I felt I wanted to stay away from midtown and chose the Maritime based on location as well as expected price / value. The hotel reception seemed a little dark, though the welcoming was very friendly and professional. The room is quite small, though pleasant and sufficient for one person. If I was not travelling on my own, it would have been a little crowded though. The bed is comfortable with lovely linen. The bathroom is smallish with a nice shower though. I had a room on the 10th floor, so the music from the club did not disturb me much, I don't have a light sleep. However I can fully understand that other guests would be disturbed by the noise especially in warm summer nights. I recommend you ask for a high floor if you book at the Maritime.The location is really perfect, I had breakfast at Chelsea Market just opposite which is wonderful. Subway stations are very close and the new Highline Park is also just a block away.	
Aug 22 2009 	Lots of good things...one big negative	It's tough for me to write this review because I really did like this hotel. So let me first say what I thought was good and then explain what the one big negative point was.The good stuff...The hotel's design: I live in mid-century modern home so I totally appreciated the design of this building and thought that they had done a very good job of making the hotel feel modern and up-to-date without compromising the integrity of the building. The furniture and decor in the lobby and the restaurants was very well done, inviting and comfortable.The room: Small but well designed so that I did not feel cramped. Plenty of storage. Very clean and cozy. It would have been nice to have an in-room coffee maker though. Room service coffee gets pricey and I'm not one to trudge downstairs just to get a free coffee upon first waking up. There is one very large window in the room so it gets decent natural light. More on the window below...The staff: Quick check in and check out. Room service was efficient. Staff members were courteous in the halls and elevators.The restaurants &amp; bar: The food was good and I felt that the service was good as well. Proximity: This was a business trip and the hotel was close to where I needed to be which is why I booked it.Ok, so with all this going for it, what is the one big negative? NOISE from the nightclub at the hotel.I checked in on a Saturday. I read the literature that was in the room and saw that I could request a &quot;window plug&quot; of some sort to block out the noise coming through the one very large window in the room. Since I had to get up early the next day, I thought that this would be a good idea. I called down to the desk and within seconds someone showed up with this giant circular pad that was covered in upholstery that he popped into the window frame.Now, it is important to note that there is a nightclub at the hotel on the lower level just above one of the restaurants. This nightclub apparently has some open roof areas and all rooms face this nightclub. I was on the 8th floor and when the club opened that night there was some considerable noise coming into my room from the nightclub below despite the giant window noise blocker thingy. I don't know what time the nightclub closed but it seemed that the noise went on until about 4 am or so. I managed to sleep but it was not a good night's sleep. I didn't bother to complain about it because it was a Saturday night and I was probably the only person in Manhattan that had to get up early the next day.The next 2 nights were ok and I slept fine. I guess the nightclub was not open.My last night in the hotel was awful. Apparently there was some sort of private party going on in the club below. Once again, I needed to get up early so I popped the noise blocker into the window and tried to settle in. There was a bad thunderstorm early in the night and it seemed that the club quieted down for an hour or so. Around 10:00, it seemed that the weather had cleared up and the party was back on...louder than ever. The music was so loud that there was no way that thing in the window was going to block it out. Especially the bass. It was like a non-stop thudding noise. After this had been going on for awhile, I called down to the front desk and asked how long this would be going on for. I was told until 1 am. I was also offered ear plugs. The person at the desk told me that he would move me but there were no open rooms. I really don't think moving me would have helped. The bass was thumping so loudly I am sure people heard it a few floors up as well. He also said that sometimes they can ask the DJ to turn down the music and they will comply. Huh? Did I book a room in a hotel or a nightclub?When I checked out the next morning, I was told that no one from management was in. So, I left my complaint with the person at the front desk. When you book a hotel room, there is a reasonable expectation that you will be able to get some sleep and that it will actually be quiet enough to sleep. This hotel is probably fine if you are going to be out until 2am and come back and crash. However, if you need to get to sleep or if sleep is something you expect to get at a hotel this may not be the best choice for you.	
Aug 9 2009 	A hotel with a character	The hotel designed with motives of a cruise ship is certainly different from the ussual city hotels and totaly fits Chelsea, the neighbourhood. Some of its features I liked more (like the way the room looks, the big round window) and some less ( the darkness of the loby and corridorss) but this hotel has personality. The amneties and overall standard are very high and the hotel is well maintained. We did find the hotel a little bit overpriced but I guess this can also depend on the date and the deal you can get for it. Location is great, just near the 8th av. subway stations and the neighborhood is charming - with many cute little stores and cafes, less touristic and more real NYC style.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great value comfort style. No fuss no muss.	Even with all the available new choices of hotels in this area, I return again and again to the Maritime because I know I can expect a reasonably high level of service and comfort at a great price. I also don't worry about what the room will be like because all of them are exactly the same in size and layout except for the suites, and they all face west with porthole windows toward the Hudson River.The rooms are small in terms of square footage, but they are so elegantly and efficiently designed that I've never felt cramped in them. The huge porthole window helps alot, but they also let in alot of noise from the outdoor area of the restaurant and the street below, so make sure to get a high floor room if you want to sleep.The food in the Italian restaurant as well as the Japanese one in the basement level of the building is very good and available for room service delivery. The wifi access is free and available throughout the hotel. The staff is helpful and responsive.The neighborhood is great for shopping and entertainment, bordering as it does on the Meatpacking District and Chelsea. Access to other parts of the city, especially downtown is fairly quick by taxi or subway.The hotel is no longer new but it's obviously well maintained because it does not show its age at all. Couldn't really ask for more from a hotel in NYC at this price range. Excellent overall.	
Jul 9 2009 	Don't order wine	I did not stay at the Maritime hotel but went for a party. The bartenders were inconsistent in the prices per drinks. Also the prices seem to be way off as a glass of white wine cost more than Hennessy on the Rocks. Go figure. They need to revisit their price list. So for you wine lovers you may want to switch to Hennessy for the night.	
Jul 2 2009 	Service 	We had a terrific three night stay at the Maritime. A professional staff and a wonderful location in Manhattan which was close to everything. Loved those port holes in the rooms and the business center conveniently located on our floor. I'd recommend renting a bike to get around. Plenty of safe bike lanes. We'll be back !!	
Jun 14 2009 	Will definitely go back-perfect weekend!	From reservation to check out-great experience and good deal and decent size room(for NYC). Besides great room with fab shower(recommend higher floor-we were on 10 with a great view of the Hudson) with huge porthole shaped windows that opened to the sounds of the city and closed to shut them virtually out, the staff was very nice and helpful. I wanted a surprise birthday cake brought to the room at check-in-special thanks to Osei (front desk) and Tiffany (concierge services) it worked out fabulously. Great location-walking distance to Grenwich Village and Soho with tons of eating/shopping options.	
May 30 2009 	The coolest hotel in the city!	Stayed at the Maritime for 2 nights while attending a conference near the Village. I can't believe I almost passed up the opportunity to stay at the Maritime because I was nervous of its 3 digit tripadvisor ranking--seriously, this hotel deserves to be a top 30 hotel!First of all the hotel's design is wonderfully unique. Ask anyone in town &quot;where is that submarine hotel?&quot; and they should be able to direct you. The location is also great--it's right across from the famous Chelsea Market on 9th Ave--an awesome spot to grab lunch or dinner. The vibe of the hotel was surprisingly not pretentious! As a business traveler I wondered if this hotel would be &quot;too hip&quot; for me--but there was a good mix of glam clientele and regular people in the hotel and the staff was really nice and approachable. I loved my room--the bed was very comfortable and the toiletries were top notch and NOT travel-size. The free wifi was pretty reliable and the business center offered free printing. I was really impressed with the exercise room--it was small but it had state-of-the art equipment, including an elliptical trainer and free bottles of evian in the minifridge. My room was also on the 4th floor of the hotel--so while I did hear some street noise, it was not distracting. I'm glad I stayed at the Maritime--it's now on my go-to list for hotels in the city!	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Location Terrific Staff Creative Amenities	My husband and I were quite sick and it was our last night in New York City, looking for a place that was more comfortable than our tiny, only slightly cheaper hotel room right around the corner. It was a significant upgrade, and I was very impressed with everything--the staff was helpful and friendly and even sent up a complimentary bottle of spring water because we had asked about where to buy water. They have fun amenities, like a wide variety of dvds to watch for free, bicycles to use. I think it'd be a great place to stay for families to the young crowd who want a central location. I'd been to the bar here last year and it is really gorgeous as well.The room wasn't huge but they all seem to have great views, very comfortable, nice free toiletries, even fancy toothpaste. A visually stunning place, overall quite welcoming, I would spend the small amount more to stay here.	
Apr 1 2009 	What a delightful Hotel!!!	I was going to see Emiliana Torrini at the Hiro Ballroom and decided to stay at Maritime Hotel--a very wise choice on my part! From the porthole windows which act like a beacon for the hotel from the outside to the nautical theme inside, the attention to detail throughout the hotel is very impressive. Space is what you make of it, and the Maritime makes great use of the space in the rooms. There are lesser hotels which do far less with larger rooms. Within a 300 square room, I had an extremely comfortable queen sized bed with oh so comfortable (and oh so fresh!!!) set of sheets and bedding. In the walls framing the headboard, were little &quot;cubby spaces&quot; that included an alarm radio, note pad and pencil, telephone and space for personal items. The room also included a flat panel television, and entertainment system with stereo and dvd/cd player. There was also a built in dresser along a wall that doubled as a desk and two closets, one of which housed a very well stocked bar/refrigerator and room safe. The second closet also housed the iron and ironing board. The bathroom also used space wisely and included Bigelow toiletries. While there was no parking within the hotel, there was a parking garage directly across the street which was very convenient ($50.00 for ~17 hours). The room service is available 24 hours a day and I ordered dinner after the concert. The black linguini with baby octopus and a spicy tomato sauce was absolutely delicious. I also request a bucket of ice and still water and was given a bucket with more than enough ice. The room service arrived in less than 15 minutes. Overall, I was extremely please with this hotel stay and will definitely stay at the Maritime when I happen to have a late night in the Chelsea area	
Feb 23 2009 	Great staff excellent location	We spent one night at the Maritime and loved it. It's a beautiful property with a very friendly and helpful staff. The room was a good size for a New York hotel (but that's still smaller than everywhere else) and it was very clean. While the hotel doesn't have parking, there is a garage directly across the street, and it cost us $50 to park our car for 24 hours. Free coffee is offered in the restaurant, you have to sit down and order it from a waitress. It might be tempting to order off of their brunch menu, but there are much more affordable and interesting options a short walk away. We spent time before and after dinner at the hotel bar, and enjoyed the atmosphere and service.	
Feb 1 2009 	Maritime is my #1 choice	I travel A LOT for my job, and am familiar with a variety of 5 star hotels from all over the World. When it is time for a personal trip to NYC... I ALWAYS stay at the Maritime. ALWAYS! It is fun, sexy, interesting, cool, and very hip. The location is fantastic, and you can walk just a few blocks to some of the best restaurants in the city.If you want to have the feeling of living in a cool apartment in Manhattan... stay in one of their suites with the open air decks and outdoor shower. Hardwood floors, comfy sofa &amp; chairs... the living room wall is lined with old National Geographics, and the wet bar is flawless. The beds - no matter what kind of room you choose - are all super comfortable.. with sexy white sheets and cozy duvet. Great views of the Hudson River... and you'll usually get a beautiful sunset from the higher floors.The staff has always been very kind and gracious. Maritime has a nice vibe at the hotel - as opposed to so many other NY hotels that make you feel out of place and awkward.I love the restaurant - Bottega - downstairs. Always great food, and has a really nice energy. You can get everything from Bottega through room service as well.Whenever I get to NY... I always stay at the Maritime.It really is the coolest place to stay in Manhattan.I HIGHLY recommend it!Chicago, IL	
Jan 28 2009 	Fabulous 	My husband had scheduled surgery in NYC in early January and at the last minute our pet sitter flaked out and the vet was full so we were really in a bind.The Maritime saved the day and had it not been for them being pet friendly, we may have never discovered the hotel &amp; stayed elsewhere!First off, the staff is well versed on the area, eager to help, professional by any standard and there at every turn .During the day of his surgery theyfront desk, ( Nancy the best), made sure a cab was waiting to take us to the hosp. as there was a terrible snow storm &amp; it was morning rush hour.The rooms were impeccably clean &amp; very cooly designed( we're designers from NY..we understand cool).. cozy, had everything and the bath is outfitted with Bigelow Pharmacy bath products right down to the toothpaste. The room rates were fair and amazingly the Maritime doesn't milk guests as some hotels do for your pets stay stay. ( over 20 lbs, extra charge per day, etc). Our Golden Retriever had the time of his life.The parking garage is right across the street &amp; is discounted when your ticket is stamped by the hotel. For 3 days it cost us $75..00 as opposed to the $70 a day I was quoted from other pet friendly hotels.The restaurant menu is great at La Bottega , Chelsea Market is around the corner and there are some very cool french house ware &amp; accessory shops down the block towards 21st on 9th Ave.La Cafeterier for one.( though it will make your wallet magically lighter, Ladies))Le Grainne ( approx. corner of 21st &amp; 9th,) had wonderful french Bistro fare. Prior to the surgery we visited the Rubin Tibetan Museum and ABC carpet &amp; Home which are within walking distance, as is so much else. Great local bakeries too.We'd stay at the Maritime again in a heartbeat and are now looking for an excuse to go back! They helped turn an experience we were dreading into a lovely, winter city getaway.....	
Jan 20 2009 	Windy sails missing from this ship	I stayed at the hotel for NYE 2009. This is a nice hotel with clean rooms which, for NYC, are a decent size. The restaurant on the first floor is reasonable with good food and a nice staff &amp; bar. They do have a business center on one floor which was easy to access. My cons are the drafty windows and slow to respond hotel staff. We had problems with the heat in our room and room service (just for ice) took about 15+ mins. The staff seems to be very international so some communication barriers were present - one morning I went out for coffee and no one who worked at the front desk/door knew where a Duane Reade or deli was. We even booked tickets to the NYE party at the hotel only to be told ticket prices had increased the day to our arrival and had to pay the difference. Overall an OK stay but we paid $350 and felt we should of put that towards a 'W style' hotel instead.	
Dec 3 2008 	Ok hotel however service not 4*	We agree with most reviews. The hotel has a beautiful design, yes the rooms are small and we loved the Japanese restaurant downstairs.The first night we arrived our neighbours were making a lot of noise at circa 2am (3 drunken guys having an afterparty in their room). After complaining to the reception they asked us to move to another room, rather than asking our neighbours to keep it down!! So we moved room in the middle of the night which is not great after arriving from a long trip from London. The following morning not a word of apology from the reception staff. When we returned home, the hotel send us an email to ask how we liked our stay. We mentioned our complaint and were surprised that the hotel did not even bother to apologise or even reply!! To cut a long story short: decent hotel but very poor service (front desk run by students who are nice but you would expect someone with some hotel experience in a 4* hotel).	
Oct 11 2008 	Want to be cool hip and not feel like a tourist?	This place is great. We're late-40's but striving to be hip. Very convenient to subway and great neighborhoods of Chelsea and Greenwich Village. It's away from the tourists. A dozen restaurants on every block. Staff extremely helpful with recommendations. I loved being out of midtown, away from the tourists. The port hole windows are the coolest and the comped bottle of wine was a great start to a great weekend. You'll melt in the mattress. Shower was incredible. Breakfast at the Chelsea Market across the street can't be beat.	
Sep 16 2008	Could use a remodel but great location	Booked through www.tablethotels.com - great website.The location of this hotel is fantastic - located right in the heart of the meatpacking district, you're surrounded by great restaurants, nightlife, and shopping. Its also easy access to the West Side Highway if you need to venture to New Jersey for business. The hotel itself is a little outdated. The rooms are tiny - I felt like I was inside a room on a cruise ship during my stay. The service was pretty good overall - they did send a bottle of wine up to my room for no apparent reason which was nice. Also, there is a great sushi restaurant in the hotel which you can order room service from. For the $500+/night price tag - I have liked other hotels in the area more (see my other reviews).	
Aug 26 2008 	nice hotel but	I use tripadvisor for all of my research and feel like i need to give back, so here goes...i'll start by saying the hotel is very attractive, room was small but very clean and you definitely felt like you were on a ship. But, i just need to give anyone who decides to stay here a heads up about staying on the weekends. All rooms face the bar/restaurant down on the street level, and i cannot tell you how loud the music was, which was totally impossible to block out. I called the front desk and they send up this huge pillow which fits in the port hole shaped window, which did nothing but make the room pitch dark in the morning. I complained when i checked out, and the front desk just said, &quot;oh yes, it is an inconvenience&quot;. I decided to write a letter to the manager, who did call me promptly and apologized, and did the right thing by cutting my bill in half. But it was one of the worst nites i spent in a hotel, sleeping wise.	
Jul 18 2008 	Individual and true to it's image....lovely little find	The Martime falls into the category of hotels that can be easily underestimated from the outside. Firstly, it still resembles the former port authourity building it once housed and the entrance is small and dark with quite a few steep steps up (not sure what wheelchair users would do). The lobby is dark but decorated with great thought and attention and the whole hotel retains the nautical theme throughout. Although the hotel is small, it's a real boutique and rather eccentric - refreshingly it has none of the hall marks of a NYC hotel chain. The rooms are small - the kind that you can walk in, walk around the bed and that's pretty much it, but this is NY and one starts to accept that space is a major extravagance in this city. However the room is well appointed and has a great comfortable bed. All the essentials are provided plus the power shower is pretty refreshing. Loved the alternative toiletries. La Bottega, the Italian restaurant is excellent, serving great breakfast and lunch at good prices. Matsui, the downstairs Japanese restaurant is superb and the sashimi was fresh and well cut. The restaurant itself is massive and feels like being in Tokyo. The gym is pretty small, slightly airless and has one running machine and bike and some free weights - to be honest, I never met anyone else in the gym so it was fine for me, although the basement floor is stuffy. At the weekends, actually from Thursday night onwards, the hotel is ovetaken by crowds of scantily dressed 18 year olds partying with friends. This is fine, but the associated noise is ridiculously loud and at 4am I could still hear revellers departing the hotel club, Hiro. The plughole that's provided by management is a good temporary solution to the noise, but it is large and cumbersome and nearly knocked me on the bed when I tried to place it at the window. Once attached, the room does indeed become soundproof but also becomes pitch black resembles being in a bunker. However, that is the most negative I can get about the Martime, as the overall hotel is a real gem. The staff are friendly and accomodating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes the nightlife of a city, but also wants something a little different. If I compare this hotel to the pretentious and gauche Hotel Gansevoort down the road, I think Martime wins hands down.	
Jun 8 2008 	A bit of heaven in NYC	From the moment we walked into the cool (yet warm &amp; friendly) hotel lobby our stay at the Maritime Hotel was superb. Literally, every single hotel/restaurant staff we encountered was so friendly and nice, we began to wonder if we were really in NY. We were impressed with the lobby, but blown away by our room. It felt like a deluxe cabin on a fantasy version of the QEII with an oversized stateroom and window overlooking the ocean of the city. Our bed and bedding were amongst the most comfortable we have ever experienced. Both restaurants on the premises were phenomenal and reasonably priced (for New York). And please don't forget the Lychee Martini...heavenly! I can't say enough about the hospitality, accommodations, and fabulous location of this hotel. Seriously, you don't even need to leave the premises to have a relaxing, luxurious vacation.	
May 20 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Value!	We stayed at the Maritime for the first 3 days of a 5 day trip. The second two days were spent at 60 Thompson which although equally good, charged nearly twice the price and I think there are far better ways to spend the money in NYC!The Maritime is cool without the pretension of much of it's competition. Design conscious yet comfortable with staff that are friendly and helpful but not overbearing. The bar was buzzing and provided a great meeting place, particularly the fab outside area beautifully lit with lanterns from dusk. Clearly popular with a hip media crowd and numerous models could be found mooching around the lobby. The room was really comfortable and had a fantastic view towards the Hudson. Despite overlooking the bar the room was completely quiet and pitch black thanks to the porthole 'plugs' provided that were indeed perfectly light and sound proof.All in all if you are looking for a stylish hotel with a relaxed, fun atmosphere then this is the place for you. We would definitely go back.	
May 8 2008 	THE Place to Stay in Manhattan	If you're getting tired of the Ian Schrager &quot;Untz Untz...&quot; hotel experience, you must give the Maritime a try. It's truly a &quot;destination&quot; hotel and has city locals visiting its bar, restaurant, sushi bar, and ballroom - all very excellent and all very New York.This place made my business trip seem like a part-vacation and I will most definitely be staying here for all my future NYC trips... It didn't hurt that as I opened the door for a pretty lady walking in, she happened to be a popular movie star - and that the people I met at the bar were super-friendly and fun-loving to boot.The staff here are laid back but very, very helpful and professional - some of whom make great eye candy.The rooms, lobby, and building are decorated in what is becoming a lost remnant of the hotel scene - a true boutique that understands what we want in a hotel experience, and then gives it to us - with attention to detail from the shower to the shelf by the bed to the circular &quot;ship-window&quot; port in your room. Also, the location in Chelsea is very central, close to the Village and the rest of the &quot;good stuff&quot; in Manhattan.I've never wrote such a gushing review of a hotel, but this place and my experience here was everything a hotel stay should be. KUDOS to the management that runs this place. 100% WORLD CLASS. Even for the jaded traveler...	
Apr 26 2008 	Great hotel fantastic location	Just returned from an 8 night stay at the Maritime New York.This hotel is in a great location if 1. You love to shop in the &quot;designer&quot; stores 2. You like a hotel with a lively atmosphere and good food, and a really great terrace for al fresco dining. Add to that it's very &quot;boutique&quot; style, modern, clean, compact and bijou rooms3. You want to be in an area with good restraunts and shops within walkin distance.4. A short taxi ride that takes you to most places in the sight seeing districts of the city. Then the Maritime may be the hotel for you!! I was here on business, but still managed to fit in some sight seeing and lots of shopping. I loved the feel and the atmosphere in the hotel, the restraunts within the hotel are very good,The rooms.The hotel is very dimly lit to the point of being dark, and when I first arrived I thought &quot;what are they trying to hide, what dont they want us to see&quot; The answer is they have nothing to hide, its just the mood they create. The only difficulty is trying to find your room number as the corridors on each floor are the same. Once inside the room it was very clean, compact but fitted with great space for hanging and plenty of drawers, flat screen tv, cd player and I even had a DVD, tho I discovered not all rooms had them.The bathroom was well fitted with good products for use, and the shower was great. The beds have a selection of fab pillows and are very comfortable, better than most hotels I think.The only small down side, can be the noise from the hotel terrace and busy street below, I would recomend a higher floor, and the cushion in the windows( the hotel has large round windows in each bedroom and the cushions fit exactly into them and help to diffuse some of the noise if it gets too much and you want a more relaxing quiet evening.)  La bottega served very good Italian food, and a great choice of good wines. The menu is not extensive, but offers enough to make your choice easy and also has a slection of Specials each night too. I had anti pasti, pizza, pasta, salad and great fish over the few evening's we dined there and was not dissapointed. The Japanese restraunt down stairs was highly recommended by some collegues who eat there regularly, only dissapointing thing was the service, way too slow, The food was great but, the long wait between courses was slightly frustrating. We ate in two restraunts, 2 mins walk form the hotel.Vento - west 13th and 9th ave You can go here just for a drink , it has a lively atmosphere and is a great place to people watch if you sit outside. Menu is Italian with a bistro type feel to it.The food was very good and the cocktails .....one is not enough.Rafaels west19th or 20th on 9th ave. Very small french/italian style restraunt, food was terific we ate there twice, and had the best fish dish ever tasted. There were lots of very good restraunts in the location of the hotel, its just a case of choosing what you want to eat.As far as getting around is concerned, coming form the UK I like to walk, so I walked to Soho to shop it took around half an hour but its a very pleasant walk and you can take a rest in the cafe bars, or Wahington Sq park on the way if you felt like it.The weather was fantastic the last 8 days so walking was easy in the sun.We took cabs to up- town areas though as thats a bit of a treck if you want to see Times square, Broadway, Empire State, Rockafeller Centre etcAlso to downtown areas for Ground zero and Statue of liberty  The cab fayres where very good £5-12 dollars.If you are feeling more energetic then the hotel offers Bicycles for hire, lots of New Yorkers travell this way, my advice dont do it if you dont like lots of traffic around you, there are cycle paths that you can stick to but you still need to get to them first.All in all this hotel offers a great location, good rooms, in a good area, in a very fashionable districtPS for any of the ladies who like cosmetics you must go to &quot;Sephora&quot; on broadway and spring st . it is heaven if you want to sit and try lots of cosmetics then remove them and try more, they have good brand choices and far less expensive than the UK. The staff are very helpfull and there are lots of them to put on make up if and show you how to use the products if you want to, if you preffer to do your own no worries there are lots of full size mirrors and make up brushes around for you to do some DIY.	
Apr 8 2008 	Excellent service and attention to details	We stayed at The Maritime for 3 nights over Easter and had the best stay at a NYC hotel I have had in many years. I am a particular fan of this hotel's aesthetic - the japanese feel, great fit out, fabrics, low lighting etc - so I was won over from the very beginning. The rooms aren't huge and for a couple of men, sharing the smaller than king size bed was something I had to get used to. But the rooms are very efficient, well designed, beautifully fitted out and with great toiletries in the bathrooms. The Japanese restaurant (Matsuri) was so popular we could not get a table - this was a great disappointment for us so make sure you book. We did order from the restaurant menu in our room so make sure you don't miss the black cod! La Bottega did a great breakfast and also has a great feel. I just thought the hotel was so refreshing and superlative in every way. The staff were great and just so friendly also. Its a great part of town and only one block from the ACE and L trains at 14th street - the key to the city on public transport. There are many local restaurants nearby, great shops and local bars too - avoid the over run Pastis and head for the Fatty Crab on Hudson Street.Forget midtown and Tribeca/Soho - this hotel is v cool and in a great area. You won't be at all disappointed!	
Jan 29 2008 	Laid back boutique who gets the formula right every time	This was my second stay at The Maritime and I must say that it is a hotel that I have really warmed to. Initial impressions may not be a glitzy as some hotels in New York - but once you settle in, the hotel is a fantastic choice. Firstly the rates are excellent - very good value for money. The hotel also has a good location - close to Chelsea, Meatpacking District and The Village - so good for shopping, nightlife, restaurants and central for getting around the city. Rooms are small with queen size beds (but this is the norm in NYC), but well designed with lovely bed linen, tv/dvd/stereo, complimentary wi-fi, fantastic shower (but no tub) and the best mini bar selection you will ever come across. There are two restaurant choices. Matsui is one of the best Japanese restaurants in the city and La Botega offers a good breakfast (love the oatmeal and latte) and a nice selection of Italian cuisine. The full menu from both restaurants are also available on Room Service, which makes a pleasant change from the 'club sandwich &amp; ceasar salad' options that so many hotels offer. There is a also a nice 'laid back' bar with a DJ at the weekends (not the most happening place in town, but a good vibe). Staff are very friendly - a little informal at times, but it suits the style of the place. All in all, this is a great option for both a leisure trip, or low maintenence business traveller. Thumbs up for The Maritime.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great time at the Maritime	We stayed at The Maritime just after New Year's this year for a week. Everything was lovely, spotlessly clean, helpful and friendly staff. The room was small but adequate. Lovely big bathroom with robes and lovely fluffy towels.Wouldnt recommend the breakfast though, was pricey for what you get. Lots of lovely cheap diners around the area (Hollywood Diner 8th/Av. of the Americas)Hotel in a great location. Huge choice of bars and restaurants withing walking distance. Would highly recommend this hotel, well worth the money!	
Jan 8 2008 	Love the Maritime	I stay at the Maritime often as it’s near my office. If you are looking for a giant corporate hotel, this is not your place. It's funky, quirky and consistent. The rooms are shaped like boat cabins and the gym is in the basement. Super comfy linens and lovely toiletries including Marvis toothpaste. It's close to the best neighborhoods and tons of places to eat at in a pinch. In the summer there are a couple of bars with outside decks. The only issue I would ever have is with the temps, I can't get it quite right. I will go back though!	
Nov 29 2007 	Great things come in small packages!	What a charmer! We stayed at the Maritime for two nights prior to celebrating Thanksgiving with relatives upstate. We used the hotel for some decompression time prior to the usual holiday family drama. One glance at the fireplace in the lobby and the sleek but truly inviting and comfortable lobby decor confirmed we had chosen the right place. The staff were exceptionally accomodating and always responded concisely, immediately and with what appeared to be actual enjoyment of their jobs. How damn refreshing is that? There's nothing worse than when someone is trying to help out and does back-flips for all to see. We found the staff to be professional and engaged and James the hotel manager should be proud of the team he's assembled. The chicness at the Maritime does not come at a cost. The rooms are city-small but really thoughtfully appointed. The round portal windows (which thankfully open slightly for the hard-to-find-in-NYC burst of fresh air!) enlarge the space with natural light and great views. The amenities are really appreciated - mini-bar with true gourmet offerings, bedside reading lights tucked away, great electronics and simply a superb layout. This is one &quot;ship's cabin&quot; that we really wanted to stay longer in. We had a missing package that needed to be bike-couriered over to us upon arrival and the front desk staff handled it seamlessly - including calling Fed Exp and speaking to the sender in California. We needed a barber shop and a diner, asap, and we were directed clearly and with enthusiasm. Even on Thanksgiving, when the rest of the country is taking the day off, the staff cheerfully assisted us. That kind of service isn't &quot;hired&quot; off the street - people have to be trained to be that good and they have to be kept happy to stick around. We got the feeling that in addition to being a terrific boutique hotel in an EXCELLENT location, the Maritime is clearly doing something right for its staff and its guests. Thanks to all for an excellent stay.	
Nov 22 2007	THE most professional hotel customer service I have had anywhere!!	This review of the beautiful and unique property, the Maritime Hotel, is somewhat late in being posted, but I thought with the latest round of hotel recommendations being given in New York CIty, I would get mine written and posted.Our visit was for my 48th Birthday in mid July, 2007. After reading numerous reviews for a special place for this birthday, I finally settled on the Maritime. One month before my big day, we made the initial reservation. We planned on arriving on Thursday and leaving on Monday morning. I bypassed the computer and called the hotel directly as I wanted to be sure that a nice room with the best view be held for me. The phone call was taken by a wonderfully polite and professional young man whose name now escapes me. He told me of their available rooms and we settled on a basic king room. Although I had thought of booking a suite, it occured to me that we had made so many plans that we would cut back where we could to make sure we had not only enough cash but energy as well to make it through the long weekend celebration. A few days before we left for New York, my SO called and confirmed our reservation and all seemed to be in place.The big day finally arrived and off we flew from Buffalo to New York City. We arrived a little after 4pm and went promptly to the front desk with an email print out containing our confirmation number and other information. As we stood and carried on a friendly conversation with the front desk clerk, I sensed something amiss as she could not seem to find our information on their computer. She went through the process a few times before looking at me with a serious look and then informed us that although the confirmation number was a valid one, no other information was available for us!!!It was a busy weekend and she mentioned that all of their rooms had already been taken and the hotel was at 100% occupancy.....and none of them had been set aside for our celebratory weekend!!The young lady remained calm and asked that we take a seat while she called the Hotel's General Manager to see what could be done to assure that the weekend we had spent so much time planning, would happen as we had intended.In no time at all, the General Manager of the Hotel arrived himself and started to search their database for our now missing room. After a few minutes of searching with no luck, he then went away from the desk and I started to wonder what we were going to do, as I assumed he was 'escaping' with no answer for us! I looked at the bellman who was standing with our suitcases on his cart and he smiled and reassured us that our worries were unfounded and that we would get our room.Around 4 or 5 minutes later, the GM returned with a huge smile on his face and led us to the lounge and asked if we would like to have a welcome drink as they needed a few minutes to 'work his magic', as he said. He personally went behind the bar and made our drinks using their premium Scotch and told us to sit back and relax and our room would be ready in a few minutes. Still not sure of what was going to happen, I started to panic imagining us having to take a taxi to some out of the way hotel that I knew nothing about. No more than ten minutes passed when the bellman and the GM returned to collect us, smiling and asking us to please follow them. Since our luggage was no where to be found, I had just assumed it was loaded in the back of a taxi and my plans slowly begin to dissolve before our eyes!! They led us to the elevator and he started to make small talk about Buffalo and other things as he led us to the top floor of the hotel. We exited and walked to the end of the hall to a room that had its wide door opened. I looked inside and was floored at the size of the room and the beautiful furnishings inside! He led us in to a suite which was the size of a one bedroom apartment. Our luggage had been taken into the bedroom and there was a huge fruit and cheese tray on the table and it was accompanied by a bottle of very nice champagne in an ice bucket! He then informed us that this was their best room in the hotel that was seldom used as it was held for visiting VIPs. Well, it appeared that for that weekend, we were the VIPs!! He gave us a brief tour of the large and well appointed room before giving us an envelope that contained a gift card for $100.00 to be used at our descretion anywhere in the hotel. Along with that, he presented us with his card and then wrote his private cell phone number on the back of it and told us to call him at any time, day or night if we needed assistance with anything! He asked what our plans for dining were for the weekend and said that if need be, he would be able to assist us in getting a table at any restaurant in the city!!He then wished us a great weekend and once more asked if there was anything he could do for us before excusing himself and leaving us to collapse on the bed from nervous anticipation! The possibility that we would be visiting Manhattan from an outer borough was still floating in my mind, but with each sip of champagne, those thoughts quickly dissolved and we settled into one of the most spacious and beautiful room we have had the pleasure of occupying!Needless to say, our weekend was one gigantic success!! When ever we left or returned to the hotel, we were greeted enthusiastically by the front desk person or the bellman on duty. Not one time did we arrive or leave without being greeted. When the sad day came to check out, we were once again asked to wait for a few minutes and the MOD came out to walk us to the complimentary Town Car they had arranged for us to return to the airport!! He opened the door for us, had our baggage loaded in the trunk and once again, offered us his business card before extending his hand and telling us to call him personally on our next visit to their hotel.Sadly, we rode away from the hotel having just spent the best birthday in my life. From waking in the morning to turning in late at night, we were treated as true VIPs by every member of the hotel....it was as if our pictures were distributed to each staff member and they knew us personally.Being in the Restaurant Industry all my life, I know sincere and professional Industry employees and have to say, these young men and women were the cream of the crop and their professionalism has remained unmatched since that weekend of my 48th Birthday!Needless to say, I highly recommend this fantastically beautiful and unique hotel to anyone seeking the ultimate in personal and professionally managed and staffed lodging.	
Oct 31 2007 	Cool look not so good service	I have stayed at the Maritime several times. All trips have been for business, so that somewhat effects my ratings. I might rate it a little higher if I were just rating it on a short pleasure trip. The decor Is awesome.The look of this place is so cool. The rooms are beautiful wood paneled with large round windows. They are small, but that is to be expected. The scene downstairs is happening( I met Uma Thurman one night in the lobby), so much so that it makes it hard to sleep some nights. When the weather is cool they have no a/c and you have to open you large port hole window. The party outside can be very loud. The location is very close to the meatpacking district. Bottom line- cool look great place to be seen-and I probably will stay there again, just not for a 7night business trip.	
Jun 21 2007 	Nice touches	Mainly chose The Maritime because of its location to where I needed to be in NYC. Chelsea has a good selection of shops, restaurants and is walking distance to The Meatpacking District, Greenwich Village, Soho and Union Square - definately a better location than around the park.The arrival experience is probably the hotel's biggest let down. Unimposing front door and lots of steps to The Lobby, which is dark and unwelcoming. Things certianly get much better beyond the first impressions. The rooms are small (but aren't they all in NYC), but are well designed, with quality fixtures. I always say that if you have a great bed, good shower and breakfast - you can't go wrong. The Maritime definately delivers on these key features. The bathroom ammenities by C.O Bigelow were a real plus point.The hotel has a wonderful selection of restaurants and bars. Matsuri Japanese Restaurant is one of the best in the city and the bonus is that you can get most of the menu on room service. There is also a good Italian restaurant - serving a 'proper' coffee in the morning. There is a nice terrace for drinks and dining in the Summer. The gym is a little disappointing - being stuck down in the basement in a small room. Not much equipment, but the quality is good. Staff were friendly and informal.With NYC hotel prices shooting through the roof - this is definately a better priced option than most.	
Jun 15 2007 	Loved the Maritime!	My husband and I stayed at the Maritime recently to celebrate our anniversary and his birthday, from the moment we checked in and found we had been &quot;bumped&quot; to a Penthouse suite until we checked out 2 days later our stay was fantastic. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and accomodating, it's in a great part of town, accessible to so many area's. They even provide bicycles, and there is a great bike path along the river (two blocks away)that goes for miles!	
Jun 14 2007 	Have stayed there 4x--love The Maritime	I love The Maritime. I come to NYC 5-6 times a year on business, and I lived in the city for 10 years, so of course I love the location. Full disclosure--I get a corporate rate from the hotel, so I'm paying under $300 a night. However, I didn't have many of the problems others did--the staff were GREAT. I have brought my small children (6 and 2) to stay, and they both loved the staff, who made them feel extremely welcome, brought them extra pillows and sheets, DVDs, etc.Sure, it's loud (full disclosure again--I can sleep through ANYTHING so the noise is not a problem for me). Sure, the rooms are small. It's New York and that is by and large what you have to deal with, unless you want to stay in boring Midtown. The Maritime is right next to lots of great stuff (Chelsea Market, Florent, Meatpacking District). Also, I LOVE the lobby.And I also LOVE the shower--great water volume and so relaxing.	
Jun 8 2007 	Nice and Trendy	Had my second stay at the Maritime. First one was about 2 years ago. Both experiences were excellent. I like the design of this hotel. It's upscale and casual at the same time, with an elegant lobby. The Maritime takes inspiration from &quot;cruise ships&quot; and executes relatively well overall. The rooms are somewhat small, but they are reasonable by NYC standards. They are clean, with comfy beds and nice amenities. What sets this hotel apart is the trendy location, nightlife and population. Lots of good looking people, rather young guests (most are in their 30s I would say), the bars inside or outside (patio) are always crowded and the music is good. It's trendy but still relaxed and positive, without the attitude you can find at other places.	
Dec 21 2006 	very pleasantly surprised	Just come back from 5 nights here and it was great. I usually stay in The Gansevoort (where the staff are appalling), but it was full. This place had a great rate (395) so I was a little worried about the rooms etc, but completely unnecessarily. Rooms are a reasonable size for NYC and very well done out. Room service was snappy and delicious. Staff were very friendly and the bar had one of the best djs I heard whilst I was here (and a great jukebox). I would say the atmosphere reminded me a lot of the West Holywood Standard in terms of being pretty relaxed but professional. Overall I was very impressed and would def come back.	
Nov 25 2006 	Cool Concept 	This is very good a hip &amp; trendy boutique hotel. The design &amp; concept is fun &amp; well thought out. You really feel as though your in a ship. For small rooms, they sure did have a lot of attention to details. Great Mini bar with lots of un snacks! The staff was really nice (minus one woman working at concierege one evening), food was great @ La Bottega (although service was awful). Beds were super comfy &amp; being that the hotel was covered in a dark Marine Blue &amp; warm woods, it really promoted a good night's sleep (although stepping out into the daylight was a shock to the system)!	
Oct 30 2006 	Excellent service	Just had the pleasure of staying at the Maritime this past weekend. The service of the entire staff was excellent, room service was fast, the doormen were friendly, the front desk was very accommodating. The hotel has such a great realxing feel to it. Great bar downstairs for a nightcap! Rooms were nicely done and roomy enough for NYC.	
Sep 26 2006 	nice hotel in trendy area	I stayed at the maritime hotel recently and must say that my expectations were met. The young ladies who worked at the front desk were nice and sweet. The bellman was friendly. The lobby was very soothing. The room wasn't large, but was adequate. The bathroom was chic and the amenities were very good quality. Room service was among the best I've ever had. Fast like you would not believe, and the food was very delicious and the price was not steep at all. I recommend this hotel to friends. The price per night was about $350, which isn't too expensive for NYC, but it is still expensive. Book direct with the hotel. Thursday's are a great night to be in this area. The club downstaairs in the hotel was very hip, the DJ was very good.	
Aug 19 2006	Always a pleasant stay	I love staying at the Maritime Hotel. The lobby is nice and dark and relaxing and everything feels just right. Staff are always polite and helpful and the rooms and nice without being pretentious. Room sizes are big for New York yet very fairly priced. The bathrooms are some of the cleanest I have ever seen in New York city. The shower head is so nice as well. The beds are very comfortable and yes sometimes you can hear people from the patio downstairs but it is not that loud and if you have not come here for a little fun then perhaps you should stay at the Four Seasons if all you care about is sleep. This was the 4th time to stay here and it was great as always.	
Jul 10 2006	Started off wonderful and then the slide....	This hotel was a refuge for us after ending up in a complete dive (Chelsea International). At three hundred dollars a night, we knew it was a treat, but it didn't matter, we were stressed and looking for somewhere to spend the next month so we needed a base.The design is that of a ship, it's stylish enough and the bed sheets and pillows are wonderfully comfortable and comforting. We decided to extend our stay an extra night, that's when things started to go down hill. We had some time to kill, so we stayed in the hotel all of Sunday, the noise from other rooms is terrible, not to mention that the hotel also has a big open air restaurant and bar which means at night, don't try to sleep too early. Then it took a creepy crawly turn for the worst, last night, as we were lying in bed in the dark when I noticed a shadow on the ceiling, I asked my partner to get out of bed and I switched on the light. There on the ceiling was a very big red cockroach. We immediately packed our bags and moved rooms, the guy who helped was very friendly. But in no $300 a night hotel do I expect to have to move rooms at 2am in the morning because of bugs. Of course then we couldn't sleep because we were creeped out. That meant I missed the first two sessions at work today. The guy put us at our ease and told us the manager would see us in the morning and refund that night. Relieved we tried again to get to sleep. Just to be on the safe side, since we had an early morning coming, I called to get an alarm call. The view from the new room was a brick wall and a walkway, so I closed the curtain and we went to sleep.Running late the next morning because the alarm call didn't come, I spoke to Patricia the manager, and she was clearly looking for the lowest cost way of appeasing me, she offered me $100 off the bill and sheepishly I walked away. Then before I left the building, I got really mad (I don't do that) and turned and went back up to my room. I am currently packing all of our bags myself and leaving. I don't want to spend another night in this place if all they can do is offer me and I quote 'sorry, it's horrible but it happens'. Really? Does it? Then do something about it with all the money you guests are paying you.I then had to pack all our bags myself and leave. From the sublime to the disappointing. Wish we could upload the video we have of the cockroach!	
May 13 2006	trendy hotel great stay	I have been to the Maritime hotel twice. Once in December of 2003 and again in January of 2005. This place is awesome. I never had an issue with the noise-so I'm not sure what that's all about in previous reviews. The rooms are indeed small, but cozy small. And the large round windows really open them up. The whole theme of the hotel is really cool--you feel like you're in a ship the entire time---porthole window in your bedroom, navy hallways with porthole windows at each end. The bed in this hotel is to die for---extremely comfortable (i still think about it). It's also a hip place with a small plasma tv and a stereo in each room--can't beat it if you're looking for a cool place to stay in NYC. The bathrooms in the hotel rooms are very cool too and the shower is the best---the entire bathroom walls are tiled in glass circular tiles and the glass shower has a head coming from the ceiling (when we redecorated our bathroom at our house we modeled it after the maritime). There are 2 restaurants at the hotel--I ate at the Japanese restaurant and it was awesome---great sushi and great service. Plus this place is within close distance of some great trendy restaurants like Pastis and The Spice Market (amazing food there--and several celebrity sitings that night). Probably the best thing about the Maritime is that they remember you when you come back--on our second stay they had a bottle of wine waiting in the room and thanking us for returning. And believe it or not they even sent us a Christmas Card. Let's face it--no one gets a hotel in New York to hang out in their hotel room--you go there to sleep, relax between whatever you're doing, and to clean up--who needs a large room? If you are looking for a modern hotel with cool decor, great service, in a great location--this is the place for you. I just booked again today (going back before leaving for our honeymoon in September) and I have no doubt that it will be as excellent as always.	
Feb 24 2006	Great Hot Spot	What a pleasant surprise to have discovered The Maritime Hotel in lower Manhattan. This hotel gets high marks for comfortable, clean rooms, a thoroughly professional and friendly staff, and it doesn't hurt that it is located in the heart of the &quot;happening&quot; Chelsea/Meatpacking District SCENE. Cudos to Director of Sales James Palmer and his colleagues for attention to detail and a winning attitude!!	
Jan 19 2006	A Hip Hotel with a Helpful Staff	The lobby of the hotel has a hip retro look to it. The rooms are small but very nice. My husband and I loved the bathroom and Bigelow products. We were almost shocked that the room service was fast and not overpriced. Booking this on a website called Tablet Hotels, we were impressed with this hotel by the photos and write-up and were very happy that the hotel lived up to them!	
Dec 22 2005 	Fifth floor Bump	My wife and I just returned from NYC, spending four nights at the Maritime. We both enjoyed the room. The bed was soft, and the employees throughout the hotel were helpful and welcoming. You also couldn't beat the location. All this said, there is no way in heck we will ever stay at this hotel again. A review previously posted nailed our expericence to a T (and I sure wish I read her review before making reservations.) The noise level of this hotel at night is unbelievable. The bass coming up from the club downstairs was thundering in our fifth floor room. Our first night (a Thursday) we got home late enough to fall asleep. The next night we had to use ear plugs and our Ipods to drown out the sounds. I got to sleep @ 3am. The final two nights we got moved to the ninth floor and the noise was still audible (All be it, not as bad). It really blows my mind that a place charging this much for a room has such a laughable noise issue. Do not stay here unless you plan on staying out until 4am or like the hotels that go &quot;boom&quot;.	
Dec 10 2005 	Noise level is absurd!	I really like this hotel - the rooms are small but very well-done, and the location is excellent. But I will never stay here again, because the noise level coming up into the rooms from the bar is unlike anything I've ever experienced. Once, I was still awake at 3 am listening to pounding dance music so loud that when I made a phone call, my friend on the other end of the line said &quot;Where are you? a bar?!&quot; When I phoned the front desk to ask when the music might quiet down, the guy who answered said he'd be right up to check it out - as if the source of the music was mysterious. It was clearly coming from the bar beneath the lobby, so there's no way he didn't know exactly what the problem was. The next night, I managed to fall asleep using ear plugs and noise-cancelling headphones, but at 3:30 a.m. they turned the music in the bar up so loud it penetrated right through the headphones and woke me up. I called the desk again and asked when the noise would stop and the guy at the desk said &quot;they should be turning it off right about now&quot; and said he would ask them to turn it down. Another forty minutes went by with no reduction in volume. I didn't fall asleep until well after four a.m. which was a big problem because I had to be up and out the door by eight.It's unimaginable to me that a hotel that charges top dollar would knowingly create this kind of noise disturbance for its guests. After all, the bar making all the noise is part of the hotel, so they could control it if they wanted to. I travel alot and I'm not very picky - I've gotten used to accommodating all the little hassles that go with sleeping away from home. But this was the single worst hotel experience of my life, and it could be prevented if they would just properly soundproof the bar and turn the volume down when it gets into the wee hours.My advice is: don't stay here unless you plan to be awake until 4 am every night of your stay.	
Nov 23 2005 	the best bed ever!	I thought The Maritime was a really great hotel. I am so sick of chintzy B&amp;Bs and horrid generic chain hotels; and this was such a refreshing break from all that. Aesthetically The Maritime is 5 out of 5... a lovely lobby, and the feel of the room was great. The rooms are small, but I like the ship's cabin feel (and they have an interesting minibar!). It took me a while to figure out the lighting, and there were no drawers in the room (but plenty of hanging space). The bed was a total delight: goose down pillows and a great mattress, gorgeous sheets. There is a free dvd services (they have a library of really great cinema at the front desk), and free internet in the business centre. I had room service the night I arrived (very late and very jetlagged), and the food was (surprisingly) good... simple and fresh and not at all like the food you normally get late in a hotel. And my experience in the Italian restuarant downstairs (where I had breakfast) was also good. Slow service, but the food was great. I have also eaten at Matsuri before and it is very good Japanese. I also got really good service from the front desk: there was a glitch with my online booking, and guys upgraded me (Penthouse E is on the east side of the building on the 12th floor: it is small, but the shower has a big round window with wonderful views across to the Emprie State Building: full of light in the morning and sparkling at night). The hotel location is great: it's close to the subway and in a good neighbourhood. I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 1 2005	Rooms too cramped for me	I know NYC hotel rooms are typically small, but the Maritime's rooms were the smallest I have ever seen. The design of the room was well done as it's very streamlined, but I felt claustrophic at times. The location is great as it's close to Pastis, Spice Market and other hot restaurants, clubs and shops. The hotel restaurant, Matsuri, was just OK to us, and the hotel club, Hiro, was cool on Thursday night (intimate space, good DJ), but terrible on Friday night (large open space with ear splitting music). I would recommend the hotel if you want to be near the MeatPacking area and don't plan to spend any time in the room (or if you like cozy spaces). If you want a more spacious room, I would stay somewhere else like the Gansevoort.	
Oct 24 2005	Good fun	Much better service and less attitude than other &quot;Hip&quot; hotels in NYC. Good value for the money. Amazing beds.	
Oct 19 2005	Not so Pleasant Stay	We stayed for 5 night at the Maritime, the rooms are nice, the bed and pillows the best, (better than my bed at home). The area had plenty of bars and restuarants. The staff are OK. The Italian restaurant there took us 15 mins to be seated and 30 mins to get somethine to eat during a non busy time. I guess the rooms are great but the people OK, the restuarant suxs. Any we enjoyed our time in NYC and at the maritime.	
Sep 12 2005 	If You're An Early Riser It's Not For You.	I stay here often for business. When the weather is good (Spring thru Fall) the expansive outdoor spaces become &quot;party central&quot;. You will not find it easy to sleep as the &quot;porthole&quot; windows seem to amplify the noise which rages on untill 4:00am. If you request, you can get a &quot;window plug&quot; and spend your stay in a room with no view or access to fresh air. If the choice were mine I'd stay elsewhere.	
Aug 24 2005 	a dream come true	Wow. I love this hotel. Let me start from the beginning...After a long day of hard work I met my husband in a room on the 10th floor. He had already ordered room service from la bottega and it arrivied about 5 minutes after I settled in. The food was amazing. Whenever there was a problem (like I didn't know how to use the dvd player) the front desk helped me over the phone and were so nice and cool. They sent up a toothbrush at 2am with a smile. The room is small, but I actually prefer a cozy, small room to a big room that serves no purpose. This room had everything and I felt like it was a delightful little ships cabin, or a cacoon- very &quot;The Life Aquatic.&quot; I had the best sleep ever, I even asked the front desk where they got their pillows and blankets because we didn't want to get up at all the next morning--we were so snuggled! They gladly offered us a late check out too, with no problems and no attitude. Everyone I know thinks the maritime is cool, whenever I told someone I was staying there they were like &quot;oh really? wow.&quot; It just gives off this really warm, laid back, comfortable vibe. All the bathroom ammenties were divine too. I cannot say enough good things about the maritime hotel, and will stay there everytime I visit new york, which is quite often.	
Aug 21 2005	Will go back	We really enjoyed our stay - the room was small as can be expected in NY, but nice details such as flat screen tv, cd player &amp; well stocked minibar. The shower was really nice as were the products (Bigelow apothecaries). Couldn't believe how quiet the room was given it overlooked one of the many bars that make up the Maritime hotel complex. Within walking distance of meatpacking district bars, restaurants. To top it off, good and non-attitude service at reception. Checked prices on other 'cool' hotels in the area and this was the cheapest. Will be back!	
Jul 28 2005	An excellent stay..	We just returned from 5 days in New York. I've been to NY many times and generally I'm not impressed with many of the boutiqe hotels there. I have to say in this instance we were pleasantly surprised. We stayed at the Maritime Hotel on the recommendation of a friend. We were pleased to find the level of service and friendliness of the staff was excellent. The rooms were really generous by NY standards and incredibly well maintained. In addition I had the staff set up a special romantic evening for one of the nights of our stay. I emailed them in advance and although I was concerned about things getting done the way I had specified and on time - everything was PERFECT!I highly recommend the Maritime and will definetly be returning there on my next trip to NYC.	
Jul 27 2005 	An oasis in NY	I recently checked into the Maritime Hotel in Chelsea, NY. The front desk staff was very friendly and accomodating. I had mistakenly booked my travel dates incorrectly, but they quickly remidied the situation and got me into one of their cozy rooms for the dates I needed. To be honest, they aren't huge, but the amenities, design and layout of the rooms totally makes up for the size. Thumbs up to the designers.The entire vibe of the hotel is so relaxed, a nice change from the typical stuffy high brow attitudes of other NY hotels. The restaurant in the hotel has an amazing courtyard. A perfect outdoor retreat in the middle of the NY! I was even able to check my email out there and get &quot;work&quot; accomplished thanks to the wireless internet. I will definitely return to The Maritime! Great staff, cute rooms, and wonderful food!	
Jul 8 2005	Great hotel horrible service	I stayed at the hotel for a weekend over July 4th. The rooms are excellent, and the building is beautiful. Great bathroom and really great touches. It has the potential to be an amazing place..... Almost perfect.....except for the people who work there.Only the staff let this place down. When I was at reception I asked for a duplicate copy of my receipt, and the clerk rolled his eyes. When I asked room service for my breakfast to be delayed one hour, the operator said &quot;well, it will be cold then&quot;. I had to carry my heavy bags up stairs, over the lobby, and to my room in full view of two sour-faced receptionists and one bell hop. The service in the courtyard cafe was at glacier speed, and some food came 20 minutes after others...it became a running joke between my friends and I about the service. Pay $300 a night in a hotel where people smile, it is much nicer for everyone.	
Jun 7 2005 	Pros and Cons	I come to NYC 8+ times a year on business and pleasure. For pure fun the location is great being just a block away from the Meatpacking District and Chelsea seems to get better all of the time. Lots of boutiques and places to eat and drink. The hotel itself is...well, different. The rooms are fine and everything works. The halls are very dark, the entrance is a bit odd. The staff is fine but not really on-the-ball. It took forever to get anything, from change for a $100 to checking my bags. As a business traveler, I want decent, quick food in the morning. The breakfast was slow, poor and tasted like it had been sitting in a warmer. (I tried it twice) If I had the time I would have gone to one of the dozen or so places nearby to eat, but I don't think I should have had to leave the hotel for basic eggs and toast. When I asked about the gym, I was told it was down the street and too the left. Well, on the west side a street is what, 200 yards long and then some? During the evening or on a warm weekend, the patio is jammed with a high energy crowd. Even at 2am on a Saturday night in June the place was packed! It's fun and you feel in the middle of the action. Best of all, no velvet ropes. So, if all you want is to be &quot;in the scene&quot;, stay at the Maritime. You'll probably enjoy it. If you want service and hospitality, try somewhere else.	
Mar 7 2005	Hip and Hospitable	We just returned from three great nights at the Maritime and I could not have been more pleased with the looks of the hotel and the wonderful hospitality. The nautical theme was prevelent throughout the hotel from the porthole windows to the tile in the bathroom. The rooms were typical New York boutique-small- however they were intelligently designed. They have a cruise ship theme where you can store all of your belongings. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was clean and sleak. The rooms have a great stereo, flat screen tv, and the lights have dimmers to make the experience very un-hotel like. Also the staff couldn't be more accomodating and friendly. Everyone was pleasant displayed zero arrogance. If you stay there, check out the Chelsea Market across the street for a great wine shop, bakeries, etc. Granted I am not a freequent traveler to NYC but we could not have asked for a better hotel experience.	
Feb 24 2005	Great spot in Chelsea	I have stayed at The Maritime several times and have always had a good experience. Let's face it- NY is expensive, large hotels rooms are far and few between, and the big Apple is hardly known for great service.All that said, the Maritime is a teriffic place to stay in a neighborhood where there are not many good options. The room is indeed small, but beautifully designed and well appointed. Bed is amazingly confortable, and the bathroom is lovely. The large round window, although very cool, can be a bit drafty and noisy. The hotel will be happy to supply a &quot;Window Plug&quot; however - basically a large folding piece of foam wrapped in fabric- to block out sound and noise. It works perfectly. Lobby is nice and mellow (apart from weekends when it's mobbed with 20 somethings). Restaurant and bar are quite good, and there are plenty of others nearby. Pastis, Florent, etc.Service is ok. Yes all with an air of laid backness (or lazyness?), but I have never had a problem. All in all a great spot and cool architecture.My one small crtiticism is the lack of a ramp for one's luggage. It's a bit of a pain to lug a heavy suitcase up those front steps.	
Dec 4 2004	cautionary tale	I liked this hotel just fine and think the location is great for all heat-seeking out of towners. The room was small but that's to be expected. My main complaint is that the beds, while very comfortable, were made up with down pillows and a down comforter. I woke up from coughing fits both nights of my stay. I assumed I was coming down with a cold and did not realize until it was too late that I was allergic to the bed. So, if you have allergies, make sure they use hypoallergenic bedding.I have stayed in some of the finest and some of the worst hotels all over the world and do not recall ever having been allergic to a bed before.	
Jul 5 2004	hip hotel without the hospitality	This seems like a hotel that is trying to be a hip lounge and it does neither very well. The rooms are small, everything seems a bit dark, and the service is really not very good. You do pay big time hotel prices though. I would like to elaborate on the service aspect. I expect hospitality in a hotel. The hotel staff here just does not seem very professional or particularly helpful. They offer a very relaxed attitude but it is potentially too relaxed for the type of clientele they are attracting. On check-out, I unfortunately left an item in the room. I spoke to someone after I had departed and asked them to retrieve it for me. They found the item and promised to send it immediately. After waiting 3 weeks, I called them. The item was still sitting at the front desk unsent. No one knew what had happened. This is just an example of my entire experience with the staff. The high points were the shower, the port-hole window and the location.	
Jun 29 2004	Excellent Hotel	Excellent place to stay. You'll read all kinds of reviews on this site but the bottom line is that this is one of the best hotel experiences in New York.Great Location. Great service. Great People. Great Nightlife. Good sized rooms. Good bathrooms (great shower). All the amenities that you need. There are a few things that happened during our stay that are worth mentioning.1)Free computer access. Not sure if they had this on every floor, but our floor had a Windows based computer and MAC with a Laser printer that was available to guests at no charge.2)My wife likes to drink her own brand of tea and when we asked to have hot water sent up to the room every morning they did not charge us for it. Other hotels would charge you like they would for having tea delivered to your room, plus 18% gratuity, plus a $3 service charge. The Maritime did not charge us. A minor detail but it's nice to see a hotel that charges for things using common sense and doesn't try to nickel and dime you to death.3)Great scene at night. When we arrived at 6am in the morning off the red eye the place was so quiet.....but once 6pm rolled around you could not find a place to sit or stand. What a great way to start off your night...it's what you want in a hotel. Good place to have drinks and set the tone for the night, you can easily hang out at the hotel for the entire evening.	
May 29 2004	At First Confusion - Then Loved It!	I went to NYC this week on a business trip and found this great hotel right next to where I was working. At first, the hotel left me confused... sushi bar in the basement?, long steps to the lobby, wasn't clear where the front entrance was or where to park (across the street), and the lobby was dark and dim and surrounded by a restaurant, my room wasn't quite ready when expected, but the staff seemed overly friendly and eager to help. I checked in and went to work. After returning at night - the place came to life and was simply awesome. First, the rooms are great - they're on the small side, but everything you'd want in a first rate hotel is there - GREAT bed, one of the most comfortable I've spent the night in - attention to detail, fun, and &quot;no expense spared&quot; surround you. For business travlers - they have the much desired high speed wireless Internet access (worked great, breeze to set up and connect) and a cordless phone (why doesn't every hotel have one?) The mini-bar is well stocked with all sorts of goodies and treats beyond the basic alcohol and candy bars. Where else would you find tea bags for your eyes and saki? LCD television, game consoles, etc. - you won't be bored in a bland hotel room here. Now the downstairs... the hotel starts to come to life around 6:00pm, and the momentum builds all night. This is definitely one of the places to be in New York at night - the people and personalities are many and varied - as it is be expected in this part of town. But best of all, everyone is friendly and happy - you can start a conversation with anyone, or they will start one with you. The restaurant was the icing on the cake - service was absolutely superb, the staff was beyond friendly, and the food was fantastic - and all at a very reasonable price. You might expct to pay twice as much from the atmosphere alone. I spent all night at a table outside just enjoying the evening, the great food, and the people around me.Why would you want to avoid this hotel? If you want something completely quiet and sedate, if you need to have a large room to spread out in, if you expect a hotel to be bland and predictable, this is not the place for you. If you're looking for something very different and just plain fun, while also being reaonably priced, try the Maritime. You'll very likely be back, I know I won't hesitate to return here.	
Mar 26 2004	Overall a good hotel...	I travel to NYC everyweek and have tried several hotels in the past year. I've been dissapointed with the majority of them, whether it's because of service, room temperature, uncomfortable beds, cold showers, etc... I just stayed at The Maritime for the first time this week. Although it's not the most convenient location from my job, I have decided to stay here everyweek. Positives: friendly staff, fun and hip atmosphere, very clean, good bed and pillows, nice room amenities(tv/radio/dvd/alarm), large selection of restaurants in the neighborhood.Negatives: Small rooms, Small side entrance, location	
Feb 19 2004	Perfect location great hotel		
Feb 16 2004	The new hot spot		
Jan 25 2004	Hip and Hot only if you say so!		
Nov 20 2003	Very good hotel great rooms okay location nice staff		
Nov 2 2003	Maritime		
Oct 7 2003	Do not recommend.		
Oct 1 2003	Nice Wood		
Sep 10 2003	Great Location		
Aug 17 2003	An alternative to the high rise bed factories		
Jul 29 2003	Rough seas for Maritime		
Nov 24 2009 	???????????????		
Dec 18 2008	Hôtel agréable		
