Nov 17 2009 	Great Value Location and Staff	Off Soho had a mistake on its website about a rate. I called just to confirm instead of just booking on the site. The employee who answered swore it must have been a mistake but brought up the website to double check to see if what I saw was right. He saw the price I saw and honoured it on the 4 person suite. Automatically that swayed me into thinking this hotel had great customer service. We showed up early for check-in due to a tough drive/train ride into town and not being able to use up enough time after arriving due to really windy weather, cold, tired, and carrying a backpack. The staff didn't have a problem with us showing up 2 hours before check-in (not that I'd always suggest this though) and our room was ready. The hotel itself is compact and understandably so. I wasn't expecting wide open corridors with mile high ceilings. It was clean, fashionable, bright, and, comfortable. Upon arrival into the room it was a bit worn but large, very large actually, and well put together. One complaint is the couch/extra bed. It looks good but it is not practical or all that comfortable. Each of us had a hard time finding a comfortable position while relaxing between ventures out into the city. The bathroom, like the rest of the room was large too. The toilet warning sign means what it says. It is very low flow and don't try to flush too much TP in a sitting, give a lil and flush, and then go for another flush which kinda defeats the point of a low flow if you gotta flush a few times. The shower had great pressure and heat but both were a tad difficult to control at first. The room we had was easy to control some fresh air rather than use the AC. Overall, I think this hotel has a great location as it is close to several subway stops, many delicious restaurants, bars, and music venues. It's very close to Chinatown and Little Italy as well. I'd book here again even at a regular rate but was glad the staff gave me the rate listed on the website. That went a long way for me. I'd actually have to say that the biggest complaint was the internet available. It was slow and not very reliable.	
Nov 14 2009	Great price-location ratio good service.	Got a tip about this place for a budget Manhattan hotel. And in deed it is.Service was excellent, the personel was very polite and meeting, and the beds was made up almost everyday with fresh towels.The room was worn, but OK. LARGE rooms, but the 2 man luxury is exactly the same room as the 4 person suite. Plenty of space, and not to shabby. In fact a little better then what you would expect at the pricerange. (We stayed 4 people in one room for 329 dollars a night!)Location is superb! Walking distance to Chinatown, Little Italy, Bleecker Street and of course the Soho area for all the great underground live venues etc etc. Several subway stations nearby.Would use this hotel again in a heartbeat, even if I wasnt on a budget. Youre in Manhattan, New York, time is not spent in the hotelroom unless you are some sort of drag, boring person. PS: Very short beds, if you are more than 185cm, be prepared to sleep with your toes outside the matrass.	
Nov 1 2009 	Do not go there...	We (2 pers) stayed for 1 night in the bigger suite and paid an incredible sum of over 400 dollars for it - they were nice enough to cancel the rest of the booking.The suite was nice maybe 10 yrs and a few thousand customers ago - now there was a terrible smell of old cigarrette smoke and urine. The floors had not been cleaned - the rug had not been vacuumed. When we complained about this, the answer was that &quot;maybe the coins on the carpet dropped from the cleaning lady&quot; and that &quot;the detergent smells&quot;. It did not help at all that there was a picture and recommendation of Henry Rollins of this place in the foyer...	
Aug 17 2009 	The friendliest staff ever	I could go on and on about how great off-Soho suites is -- but the best part was the friendliest service behind the desk. thanks Ewad and Gabe!	
Jun 3 2009	A new experience - Off Soho Suites	If you're looking to avoid dining on restaurant food all day long, this place is ideal. Located in close proximaty to all amenities and attractions, this one bedroom suite was relatively spacious given the standard size of what's typically offered in New York City. It was clean, modern and equipped with dishware, pots, pans, cutlery etc. The front desk and housekeeping staff were all very friendly and accomodating. I would definitely stay there again while visiting the Big Apple!** The only downfall is that the rooms have hardwood floors so, if you sleep lightly, be sure to pack earplugs :-)	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Price decent place to stay!	We were looking for a budget place to stay for a spur of the moment trip to NY. Off Soho Suite doesn't pretend to have 5* service or full hotel facilities - what they offer is an affordable clean room at a good price. Our appartment was fine for what we needed it for - basically somewhere to sleep inbetween hitting the town. Beds were comfy - the sofa bed was great. The staff were polite and very helpful. I see people leaving a lot of negative comments about the lack of facilities but lets face it if you want all the whistles and bells then don't be so cheap and go for a 4 or 5* hotel and leave these suites for the people who can appreciate what they have to offer! The area is a little strange with all the kitchen equipment suppliers but again if you want to stay in the middle of the action there are so many hotels you can go to. For me the location was great 10 mins on the subway will pretty much take you whereever you need to go. Keep up the good work guys - I'll be back	
Apr 23 2009 	This place is GREAT!!!	I tell everyone about Off SoHo Suites!!! I have stayed there a number of times and its the only place I will stay in NYC. The rooms are big, beds are great. Easy to get anywhere in NYC from the Hotel. Very Charming	
Mar 12 2009 	Turned out pretty good	My 2nd time in New York and my wife's first, very affordable rates for us Asian tourist. You have to know your way around the subway though to maximize the low rates of the hotel. Walkable to Little Italy and Chinatown for the best food in the world. 15-minute subway rides to all the major attractions (Broadway, Empire State, Central Park, Statue of Liberty). Very, very helpful staff.	
Mar 8 2009 	A gem!	My husband I are in New York frequently for business and pleasure and usually we stay with friends. This time we decided to get a room for the weekend and were lucky enough to come across the Off Soho Suites. The price was beyond reasonable, but that's the least of my praise. We were given a beautifully decorated apartment-like suite that was clean, posh, romantic and comfortable. From the style to the ammenities, everything was inviting. The desk staff was friendly and efficient. Don't pass this place by!	
Feb 5 2009 	great location and price	i stayed here a couple years ago and the best part of the hotel is the location (tucked in btwn Soho and the Lower East side) and the price... overall this is a great hotel for the budget conscious traveler.	
Jan 16 2009 	Really Good Value	My mother, sister and I took a shopping trip to NY before Christmas and stayed in a 2 bed (1 sofa bed) suite on the 6th floor. It was absolutely perfect for us - brilliant location, right beside the restaurants and pubs of Little Italy &amp; Soho and very close to the high street shops on Broadway. Our rooms were fantastic, very clean and excellant facilities (TV, kitchenette). The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. I think our suite had been recently renovated, so you may want to check when booking on the type of room you are reserving. We will definitely be back.	
Dec 4 2008 	What a DUMP!	They call themselves the &quot;Traveler's alternative to New York's overpriced, undersized hotel rooms,&quot; which is exactly what it is: overpriced and undersized, PLUS super noisy, dirty, and unfriendly. an absolute NO GO! never again ... it was so bad, we were happy to leave New York.	
Aug 27 2008 	comfy enough and cheap enough	We stayed three nights at this place, situated between Bowery and Chrystie street., south of Houston. They advertise as being the alternative to overprices and undersized rooms in NYC. They have a cheesey video on their website that looks rather too good to be true (and almost was), but nevertheless it was just fine. We were a party of two adults and two teenagers, and just needed a place to sleep and make our own breakfast. The room was clean, if a little shabby (scratched cupboards, curtains coming off the rails), and adequately equipped: beds very comfy, AC worked well, and had a BATH, as well as a shower. The staff were pleasant, and let us keep our bags in storage on the last day before booking our limo to the airport (£55 plus tip)We paid $299 per night for the 4 of us, which worked out to about £35 ppn, as good as any room n London, where we live.easy walking distance to chinatown and Little Italy, close to the subway and buses.Well recommended as a cheapish place to stay while the US$ is still weak!	
Jul 4 2008	Full refund even though I canceled at 4:30 pm Friday July 4.	Wanted to stay here, great location, made reservation with credit card for Friday July 4. at last minute I couldn't go, at 4:30 on that very same day. hotel gave me full refund! helpful staff. I will stay there any time I need a NYC hotel.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great place to stay	I've just returned from a stay with 3 friends at Off Soho Suites in New York and had a great time.The apartment was clean and spacious, and the staff are really friendly and helpful. The rooms don't get throughly cleaned every day but the bins are emptied, the bathroom is cleaned and the towels are changed which is fine but a change of sheets would have been nice - although I'm sure the staff would've provided us with more if asked. I've been to New York a few times and I liked this location. It looks like there is nothing there at first sight but just go a couple streets either side and there are lots of great shops, bars and places to eat. Yes you could stay somewhere like Times Square but it's nice to be in a quieter, less hectic touristy area which prompts you to explore more of NY and it's easy to get to places like Times Square anyway.I couldn't recommend this place more. It's a good price and has every thing you need and I will definitely be using this place again on my next trip to NY.	
Apr 13 2008	Fleabag	Payed 329 a night for a dump, Asked why the beds were not made and was told &quot;its like an apartment and we don't clean the rooms daily&quot;- (only new towels). What a crock! Twin beds were hard as rock, sleep sofa did not pull out.Quality of room was very poor- should be hit with a wrecking ball. Noisy,grungy part of town-&quot;the used kitchen equipment district&quot;Stay away from this place at all cost.	
Apr 9 2008 	great value	I stayed at this property with 3 other girls. We were on a break from the uk from the thursady to the monday and soho offered us exactly what we needed. Cheap accomodation. People complain about the surrounding area but we were not there to walk around we were sightseeing and shopping so spent very little time at the apartment.The room had 2 single beds that could not be pushed together ( no sneaking another person in) and the living area had a bed sette that was not the most comfortable but you get what you pay for. The kitchen had 4 of everything you needed and the bathroom was clean and spacious.the only problem we encountered was the taxi drivers trying to con you do not let them sit with a map and question them if you think they are wrong. from macys it should cost approx 10$ max. Subway is just around the corner and easy to use. we booked a 6 excursion pass online and it was worth it. We also visited woodbury commen outlet again booked through grays online. It was good but not as many savings as orlando. macys has fab sales so saved more there. Staff at the apartment very helpful.	
Apr 5 2008	Just like home	We stay in Off Soho for the weekend was perfect and we had so much fun. the hotel is very clean. they have very nice people work there. they always smile and happy to help you with anything you want. we will be back anytime to only Off Soho.Thanks to everyone works there.Love from guest	
Mar 2 2008 	2nd time 	They can arrange to have limo service from JFK, makes it easy to get to &amp; return from, had a nice suite on the first floor, only thing I would have asked for was a tv in the bedroom too, oh, and wash clothes. But we brought our own washclothes because we stayed here before!had a great time, convenient to everything.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great Place staying again	We stayed at Off Soho Suites last September , loved it - the location is fantastic .... 10 mins walking distance away from anywhere , Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy, LES. Subway one block away that takes you anywhere . This was our 5th visit to New York and have always stayed Midtown , will definitely stay in this location again, so much so we're going back in April and staying at Off Soho again. If you want hotel room service and a bar and restaurant on hand it's not the place for you , if you want a comfortable place to stay which is like having your own apartment in NYC this is it !!! Whole Foods a couple of blocks away, Spring Street, Bowery, East Houston all 2 mins walk , restaurants galore from every type of cuisine known ..... friendly helpful staff ... great value limo service	
Feb 8 2008 	location and pice...Fab!	Before we went I read all the reviews and I was a little concerned. Noisy, ants in the rooms....Our experience was wonderful. The suite was roomy, clean and very quiet. 10 minute walk to Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown. The neighbourhood has many great restaurants but wait times are an hour or so on weekends. The Clinton Street Bakery for breakfast, Stanton Social for dinner. The staff at the hotel are friendly and helpful and very unobtrusive. It really felt like our own apartment for the three days we stayed. I'd go back for sure. $200.00 a night in New York is unheard of, especially considering the location of Off-Soho Suites.	
Dec 3 2007 	Off SOHO Served its purpose	I stayed here 4 years ago with my husband (fiance at the time) and our two friends for new years eve in times square.I booked this hotel about 4 mos in advance thinking it was close to the times square action on new years but it isnt.Anyway, the suite was large, definetly accomodating enough for four adults.It was a little unkempt.....I felt the need to walk around the room with socks on because the floor looked kinda dirty.my husband and I slept in a twin bed in the bedroom that squeaked and was hard and our friends slept in a pull out sofa in the living room.Full kitchen that we didn't use but it seemed good enough if we were going to use it......bathroom was large......staff was friendly and helpful. There was a yummy brick oven pizza place about 2 blocks away, don't remember the name, and for breakfast we ate a good breakfast at a nice deli, sorry, don't remember the name either.In closing, this place was decent enough for the price.the staff definetly gets an E for EFFORT, the maids are always walking around with their cleaning carts and everyone seems friendly and eager to please and make you happy.If you want cheap place to lay your head and comfort isn't too much of a necessity, than off soho may be your place!	
Oct 8 2007 	Alright but be prepared for........	Let me say that this hotel is not all that it seems in either the ads or in what you are told. It will be simpler if I just list what our pros/cons were:1. Deluxe Suite: Nice sized bedroom with comfy bed, but the sofa bed in the living room area was NOT COMFORTABLE for adults, but would be adequate for acouple of young children. We had 4 adults/2 couples and a baby. So do not expect to have really comfortable sleeping arrangements if you are planning on having 2 adults take the bedroom and 2 take the sleeper sofa. It is only about 3 inches off of the floor when you are sleeping on it, and not easy to get out of, and just does not sleep comfortably.No airconditioning in the bedroom, just a window that opens out to a VERY VERY NOISEY court from the German restraunt next door. So if it was warm weather and one couple shut the bedroom door, you would not get the air conditioning into the bedrroom, as it is in the living room, and you would be uncomfortable. The noise down below goes until 1 or 2 am, and we heard other people mentioning the fact that the noise was an issue.2. They did give us a really nice crib for 1 yr. old baby, but if you would need that, be prepared to have to squeeze it in somewhere, because there is not much room in the bedroom and with the sofa bed out, there is not much room there, either.3. They have a &quot;limo&quot; service that is very handy and will take you anywhere you want to go with just afew minutes notice. The cost is reasonable, and during busy rush-hour traffic with a taxi meter ticking, this is probably a less-expensive way to get from Soho to Midtown.4. There is a brand new &quot;Whole Foods&quot; Super market within about 2 1/2 blocks walking distance. It was very handy. There is also a very classic NY neighborhood market 1 block over that is not always open, but open during the day for pop/soda (which Whole Foods does not sell), chips, and other things you might need.5. We had a place with our own bath (Deluxe Suite). The bath is a good size. It was a chore to get towels/washclothes for 4 people. When we asked we got them, and enough to do all of us.6. Don't expect &quot;maid service&quot;. There is a charge for your room to be serviced. We were there for 4 days, made the bed up ourselves, but some sweeping/vacuuming would have been nice.7. The kitchen in the suite was great. Micorwave, full stove and fridge. Silverware, pots and pans, dishes, glasses. We cooked in the room afew times and it saved us money. All in all I would say if you can handle the noise, probably sharing a bath if you don't get a big suite, want somewhere that can get you were you want to go if you choose not to taxi or use subway, and are ready for classic NYC walking and want to be down in Soho, this would be a good place. I imagine the prices are about the same as other places, no better, no worse. It is a'place you could depend on to be clean and safe.	
Sep 26 2007 	Prepare for tiny	Our room was so small that it took a half-hour to try to place our luggage so we could squeeze into bed. We knew there was a shared bath, but were not prepared, based on the descriptions, for bedding down in what was essentially a closet. After two days, we moved into the adjoining room, where we could at least access the beds without too much problem. The biggest problems we had were with the advertising of the place . Master bedroom should read master closet, remodeled means only the downstairs lounge. Wireless access means that you have to pay for it (altho there are so many unprotected wireless accounts nearby that you can probably log onto one of them). We were told that room cleaning would be $25/day extra. We had to beg for towels and soap. Someone smoked in the room next to us, and it didn't seem to concern management too much. The guys at the desk are nice, but what you are paying for here is the location. Walk out the door and you are in the middle of Soho, with restaurants every 20 feet. But the place is small and noisy.	
Aug 1 2007	Noisy and smoky	The only hotel I've ever stayed at where they have ashtrays and matches provided on the coffee table. The room, though very large, reeked of smoke, as did the hallway, especially since a coed group of about 10 russians 20-somethings were using the adjacent two rooms as their home base. They ran in and out, slamming the door, every ten minutes for most of the evening. Cheap-ass furniture, skimpy-ass bath towels. No shampoo. I asked they guys at the front desk, and they acted surprised that I had expected shampoo. They pointed me toward a nearby drugstore.Location is great, which is the only redeeming quality. Directly next door is the excellent, friendly German bar/restaurant Lorlei. Across the street is the on-the-scene restaurant Freemans, where I literally ran into Matthew Broderick while heading out the door after eating there. Quite close to Nolita and Soho action.	
Jul 30 2007	Perfect for family stay at reasonable price!	We stayed for 7 nights here this past week. The hotel was really more like an apartment building. We rented a room with 2 double beds in the bedroom and a futon (at least a queen, if not a king size!) in the living room. Althought it was small, it was perfect for a reasonable price.Reservations and check in were easy - I normally stick to chain hotels, so I was a bit nervous, but everything went smooth.Some things someone considering this hotel should know:1. There are 3 subway stops located close by that are very convenient, and from there you can get almost anywhere.2. There is a restaurant/bar right next door that has an outdoor seating area in the back that you may hear through your windows. In our suite, only the bedroom had an air conditioner, so those sleeping in the living room may need to open the windows, and thus will hear the bar noise. I am a very light sleeper, but I was sufficiently exhausted every night after touring Manhattan, and it didn't bother me. In the bedroom, with the air on, you can't hear it at all. I'm not sure, but I would guess those with windows facing to the front of the buiding will hear the smoker's crowd out front.3. There are laundry facilities in the basement - $2 per load, per machine. The dryers don't work well, and there is no change machine, so bring your own quarters as the front desk staff doesn't have change either. There are 3 washers (one was out of order) and two dryers.4. The neighborhood, to those who aren't familiar with NYC, may look rough - the buildings on the street and in the area are full of grafitti. I never felt unsafe at all. It may look bad, but it's really not.5. The kitchen comes equipped with a microwave, 4 burner stove/oven, fridge, dishes (plates, bowls, small glasses, coffee cups, and silverware) for 4, one pot, one pan, a tea pot, a strainer, a bottle opener/corkscrew, a large serving spoon, and a pancake turner. No towels, paper or otherwise are supplied for the kitchen. No sponge or soap for the kitchen is supplied. No coffee maker. There is only one ice tray, so we started putting the ice in the strainer to keep up with our needs - 5 people need ore than 12 pieces of ice!6. There are a number of small stores in the area for food supplies - but many of them close before 6pm.7. Maid service is available for an extra $15 (not sure if that's per day or total, since we didn't use it). The only service you will receive is fresh (very very thin and small) bath towels (no hand or face) daily, trash removal, toilet paper, and soap. The suite itself was very clean.8. There is a very nice gym, with nice equipment, but it is in the basement, so therefore not very well ventilated.9. There is also a lounge that is spacious and faces the street on the ground floor - good for people watching!10. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. They will greet you each and every time they see you, and will answer your questions. When I checked out, I mentioned that I had a great stay, except the last night there was a group of probably 8 young men who checked in and had several rooms on several floors. They were running back and forth between rooms, up and down the stairs, slamming doors and shouting. I finally went out at 3:30am after 2 hours of this and asked them to be quiet, which they did except for the door slamming thing. The guy at the front desk said all I had to do was call him and he would have taken care of it, and I believe that.So, all in all, not a Hyatt or a Sheraton, just a small apartment style hotel on the edge of SOHO, Chinatown, and Little Italy that is clean and safe, and reasonable. I am very pleased.Whoops! I forgot the most important thing - the beds! Our double beds in the the bedroom were brand new - still had the IKEA tags hanging off the frames. They were comfortable - but be aware that the AC is right next to the foot of one of them. We just directed the vent up and it wasn't a problem, and was nice white noise. The futon bed in the living room is very large, and quite firm. It was new, a leather covered two piece foam thing. One side is slightly softer than the other, and the hotel didn't seem to have a fitted sheet large enough for it, so we ended up using a flat sheet for the bottom and just pinning the sheet under the legs to hold it on. I like hard mattresses, and this one has very little give - perfect! The pillows were okay - they had some kind of covering on them that didn't let the air out of them very easily so they were overly poofy for my tastes and took a long time to smoosh down.	
Apr 14 2007 	clean and good location.	We read many reviews on NY hotels before we made a reservation at Off Soho. We needed a suite style room for four with a seperate bedroom for two (the kids) in a good manhattan location with multiple subway connections at a reasonable price. What was left after this search was more or less this hotel. The reservation process and checkin procedere was problem-free, staff was friendly and helpful with luggage storage and limo service after checkout. The room didn't have the latest furniture, but - hey - at this price in that location, our expectations were not that high. Despite the age of the interior and furniture, everything was perfectly clean and worked properly (we didnt use the aircon). The hotel has 3 or four different subway lines in walking distance and a very good food mart. Our expectations were fully met, we have nothing to complain and can recommend this hotel to other tourists.	
Jan 31 2007	Served its purpose	We stayed one night and for this it served its purpose. The accommodations were like a very small apartment. The front desk person was very helpful. We had to walk a couple blocks to get breakfast in the morning. If you are driving, be prepared to walk a ways to park your car.	
Dec 24 2006 	Comfortable stay at Off Soho Suites	Myself and three friends stayed at Off Soho during mid November 2006 for two weeks, our suite contained a bedroom with two single beds, a fold out sofa in the living room, kitchen, dining area and large private bathroom. The reservations staff were very helpful in making our booking, they even organised transport from JFK to the hotel for us. There was a couple in front of us checking in, who were annoyed that with a 2 person suite they would have to share a bathroom with another 2 person suite, if you book the 4 person suite you don't have to share a bathroom. The suites were clean and serviced daily, the rooms were small to medium in size but I've seen much smaller in NYC, they were comfortable and it was great to have a full size fridge to use.The surrounding area was safe enough for a single female to walk around at night, there were some restaurant equipment suppliers down the road which gave it a bit of an industrial feel to the area but its perfectly safe. The subway was a couple of blocks away, the nearby restaurants and shopping on Spring St were fantastic, spend a few days exploring the area. If you want 5 star quality, book a 5 star hotel and pay $500 a night, don't expect it paying $200 a night, such as previous advisors. In New York you get what you pay for! Make sure you book early, they sell out of rooms in advance	
Oct 31 2006 	disappointing	My daughter and I satyed here for 4 nights. We knew it would be basic but were still a little disappointed. It is good to be close to Soho, Greenwich Village etc but the area directly around the hotel is not good for walking at night. The first night we arrived around 8pm and were hungry - we wandered around the corner to find ourselves amongst a queue of men waiting to get into a mission for the homeless, and as two women we felt pretty vulnerable. In the day it's not far to walk to the subway or to nicer areas, but bear this in mind if you are women travelling alone.Also the beds were not great , the sofa very uncomfortable and the kitchen did not have the basics like a plug in the sink to wash any dishes. The hairdryer cuts out after 30 seconds of use!Don't be misled by their video - this is very basic accommodation and a bill of $1200 for a 4 night stay seems very high to me. I guess it is NY but I am sure there would be rooms of equal standard in slightly nicer areas for a similar price.	
Oct 24 2006 	You get what you pay for. errr. less in this instance??	Went to New York for a short blast from London. Paid $420 the first night at On the Ave. Thought that was way too much (although nice) got in a cab and called around. Got a Double bed at Off Soho Suites.. Got thereat 10:40 told the room wouldn't ready till later and went out on the town. Got back at 8 p.m. for a short nap.The Review. My wife and I walked in to the $200 room ( is that is what you want to call it. two beds with an honest 28 inch gap between them. We each had a large size Suitcase on wheels and they just physically Barely fit in the room. enough to close the door.. I couldn't open the door to the room without putting my suitcase on the bed.. my wife, the same with the small closet ( Too small to fit a suitcase )My Bed was slightly warped. ARGH!! just thought &quot;well here we are... took a two hour nap.. when out.. came back at 3 a.m.Went down at 9:30 and said &quot;Not to be funny,, but what is up with that room&quot; He said &quot;yes, it's small.. but why do you accept??&quot; like I had much of a choice at 8p.m. on a Friday night. I said, &quot;that room should be more like $100.. he said.. THAT IS THE RATE.Checked out and went to Hotel Gansevoort . $540.. which made me want to cry.. but when I got there.. QUALITY.. just oozed of the kind of place you really want to be. Full amenities. very nice CD player with music selection in room, Large screen TV and a Bathroom that was 1st class. Very modern decor in room.. no expense spared. (luckily $300 is only £150 ) For a short stay in the Big Apple it was worth it.If you want a $200 room that leaves you laughing in the morning and walking with a sore back.. go to Off the suites. If you are looking for a thoroughly relaxing and enjoyable Hotel experience.. then spend $300 more and go to a place like Gavenvoort.Positive Stuff: Looked nice from the outside. Looks like it used to have a cafe there.. now is a sitting area. Said they had Wireless connection.. but could find the room to get it out of my suitcase! :) The guy at the front desk was nice and understood where I was coming from.I hear from Locals the Maritine Seafarer is about the best deal. $150 a night and nice spacious, clean rooms next time I will stay there with weekends at Gansevoot ( you can't get a better stay and roof-top pool,bar...)	
Jun 26 2006	Roomy and Pet Friendly Oasis	Off-Soho Suites are just south of Houston and one block east of Bowery, so in spite of some street funkiness in the vicinity, it is a fun location and great for strolling into Soho and the Village. The original Ray's Pizza joint is right over on Prince. It is also perched on the edge of the east Village and there are many restaurant choices on Houston (Katz's Deli a brief walk to the east) and north of Houston up 2nd Ave. I travel with a small dog and this place never bats an eye and they never charge extra for her. The immediate neighborhood is home to the restaurant supply industry, so the nightlife is not stellar right outside the front door, but there are a number of little bars and other joints that are going in there. Easy to get to the subway, and usually no problem getting a taxi in the area.The rooms have rather uncomfortable mattresses - an update is desparately needed in that area, but I loved the good kitchen (helps you save LOTS of money just eating breakfast in) and good bathroom. The room also featured a small living area with couch and satellite TV. A large closet was in the bedroon, and the room has windows that open. It is NY, so you will be paying a lot, but for a roomy pet friendly place, this hotel is the best bargain in Manhattan. Make sure you request a discount when you call in for reservations. If they put good matresses in, I would upgrade their score to &quot;excellent&quot;.	
Oct 11 2005	Great deal and friendly staff	We had an emergency trip to the city and booked a week at this hotel easily. It is in a commercial district but the rates are great and the staff is really helpful. The rooms were clean and breakfast was made to order (just beware of the strong coffee and ask them for something weaker if you don't like it). The kitchen was great because we had a toddler with us. This is not a luxury hotel but an affordable way to stay in the city. There is a wonderful German restaurant next door to it and although the neighborhood is not tourist oriented, in the next few years it will be one of the most desirable to live in. Playground down the street, great bagels &amp; knishes a few blocks away and lots of neat commercial restaurant equipment stores in between. A short walk to trendy stores and restaurants in Soho.The staff really makes this a special place.	
May 27 2005	bring some bug spray	the room was what it is - cheap and small (by New York standards on both counts)what really irritated me was waking up in the morning, covered in ants - on both beds, all over my body and clothes.i managed to cool myself down after about 30 minutes in the shower and went to the manager, who refused to refund any portion of my room charge.	
May 10 2005	This place is GREAT!!!!!	We went to NYC in April and only got to spend one night but I will go back to this hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, the room was clean, they let us keep our bags in a locked room so we could go around sightseeing even after we checked out. The kitchen was supplied with everything we needed. We found a great vegetarian sandwich shop that delievered and took our 3 year old across the street to play at the park. Very easy to get a cab right down at the corner. We can't wait to go back!	
Apr 18 2005	Value for money	We- a family of four- stayed here for 8 nights during Easter and actually enjoyed it ! It is a bit run down, but acceptable. Your towels are changed and your wastebasket is emptied almost every day !!!!! If you bring earplugs (noisy waterpipes etc.) and if you intend to do your own cooking, as we did : also a few dishcloths, you will be doing fine ! The area is OK - Chinatown and whatever's left of Little Italy are just around the corner, and you can find supermarkets like Gristede's not far away. So all in all : if you intend to spend your money on other things than fansy accomodation, this is the place for you !	
Feb 14 2005	You get what you pay for	Nothing wrong with this place. You get what you pay for. The price is reasonable but you are in sort of an ugly part of new york. Everything else was fine and average. Nothing unsually bad or great about it. My recommendation is if you are going to new york, it's better to pay extra and stay at a mid-range hotel closer to times square. Time Square is the best part and there is a lot to see. Hope that helps.	
Dec 15 2004	Great place to stay will recommend	I stayed with some friends at this hotel from 9-14 December 2004. Staff are very friendly, and the rooms are nice and clean. Will definitely recommend to friends going to New York. The hotel from the outside looks a bit like an 80's casino and they need to update their website, but you can't fault it for value for money. Oh, and don't drink at the bar next door even though it looks inviting, drinks are overpriced and apparently $15 tip for six drinks is not enough (or so they told us before they threw us out for this very reason!)	
Nov 30 2004	def a rock and roll spot.	we stayed at this hotel for 10 days during september.most convenient location. 3 blocks to chinatown. 5-10 minutes walk to broadway,spring,lafaytte,mulberry street. lotsa restaurant/bars surrounding the area.subway is at spring street(5 minutes).only gripe is that you have to change sheets and clean the rooms urself. shared bathrooms (they only clean the bathrooms).they also have a kitchen..basic utilities.more like a hostel ,dun expect hotel treatment.would mos def return to stay as the location is unbeatable...and oh yeah.. its cheap.	
Nov 30 2004	Interesting place	As a family of four traveling to NYC during Thanksgiving week, we knew our hotel bill would be huge. By luck, we came across the Off-Soho Suites hotel. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which included a sofabed and kitchenette for $178 per night (plus tax brings it to over $200). Just about any other place that could comfortably accommodate the four of us would have cost easily twice as much. The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. So, what's the catch? Our room was clean when we moved in but the daily maid service didn't make up the beds, or really seem to do any cleaning apart from the bathroom. The one day our beds were made up, we were inexplicably missing a sheet and three pillowcases (the front desk promptly took care of it). Towels and sheets are threadbare, but again, clean. The hotel is surrounded by restaurant supply warehouses and the Bowery Mission (which hosted a huge Thanksgiving dinner for the indigent in a tent during our stay) is around the corner; if you're squeamish about this sort of thing, you may want to stick with a Midtown hotel, but my wife, two schoolage daughters, and I experienced zero problems, even at 10 p.m. However, a two minute walk brings you to Chinatown, Little Italy, Soho, or Nolita. Likewise, three different subway stations served by about 6 different lines are within a couple of blocks of the hotel. In summary, the place wasn't posh, but if you're willing to rough it a bit, this hotel has a great location at a great price.	
Nov 26 2004	If it's good enough for Henry Rollins...	Stayed here in November 2004 with 5 relatives and enjoyed it. The suites were reconditioned apartments that were clean and well-maintained in an north-of-Chinatown neighborhood that's a little on the &quot;industrial&quot; (but not unsafe) side. Get 2 economy suites with shared bath and kitchen and you have an entire apartment for relatively cheap, which is what I did with my brother. Our parents stayed in a deluxe suite that was quite large and equally nice. The staff was friendly (well, for New Yorkers) and helped us out with ordering cars, plus the lobby featured signed testimonials by Henry Rollins, Slash's Snakepit and other musicians attributing to OffSoho's quality. The only problems we had were a lack of available washclothes on some days and, while the apartments were sizeable, the actual economy bedrooms barely held 2 twin beds and a tiny closet with the door shut. In addition, the building supply companys on the block start at 8AM each day with banging and large trucks that regularly woke up my parents. The hotel's within a 3-block walk of 3 different subway stations so it worked great as a base camp for each day of sightseeing.	
Sep 23 2004	FANTASTIC HIGHLY RECOMMENDED WOULD STAY THERE AGAIN!!!	GREAT hotel in Lower Manhattan. We stayed there for 6 nights 22nd Aug to 30th Aug 04. Rooms were very neat, bathroom very clean. Was great having a sofa/lounge area to chill out after a big day of shopping/sightseeing. Fridge is great to keep your beers cold!! I stayed there with 6 friends (we had 2 rooms) and both were excellent. Walking distance to Soho, Greenwich Village, Little Italy, Chinatown etc. HEAPS of funky bars, cafes and shops around too. Is much less stuffy than midtown and definitely relaxed. We tried to book there again when we went back to NY but was fully booked - be early if you want a room. Great value for money too, I would have no hesitation in recommending anyone to stay there!!!	
Aug 18 2004	Great Place to Stay	Our son lives in the East Village and we wanted to stay nearby for our weekend visit. I had done several searches and come up with the usual hotels that were either booked, to far away, expensive, or not large enough for our family, four of us. The &quot;Suites&quot; while not a luxury hotel was clean and very roomy for the money, and a few blocks from the &quot;village&quot;. We had a nice stay, the management was very helpful and friendly. We would stay there again and would highly recommend it to our friends.	
Aug 16 2004	Perfect place to stay in the city	This place was great! Spacious room with a kitchenette, totally clean, cool. The people that run the place were friendly and helpful. The location is PERFECT. Around the block from subway and walking distance to a bunch of cool bars/clubs and restuarants. The neighborhood was fine, felt secure (though not blindly retarded - it is nyc) in walking about with just another young chick. Long walk to all the sweet shopping in Soho. Just perfect. I will absolutely stay there again next time I visit the city.	
Jul 6 2004	Pleasantly Surprised	My husband and I have been to NYC too many times to count and we usually stay in Midtown Manhatten, just south of Central Park. This time we chose to stay in the Lower East Side/Soho area. We were looking for a one bedroom unit with a kitchen, since we were taking my 17 year old son and his friend. One-bedroom units are not easy to find in NYC and if you do they are very pricey.We chose the Off-Soho Suites after an extensive search of hotels. We were nervous before we got there because there were only a few reviews and they were not that great. But we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. First, the people who worked there were friendly and very helpful. We did not have to pay to park. That saved us $25 per day. Our room was like a furnished apartment. It was clean, well furnished, had a full kitchen with all the utensils, pots and pans, stove, refrigerator, etc. The floors were polished hardwood. Our bedroom had two single beds (which can be pushed together to make a king), but we could have had two doubles or a queen. The living room had a pull-out queen size sleeper sofa for the boys and a TV. The bathroom was large with a closet to keep things in. And we were walking distance from Soho, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, China Town, Ground Zero (long walk but worth it). It was a subway or taxi ride to Midtown, but we did not want to spend much time there this trip anyway. Taxis cost $10 per trip to Midtown. There were subway stations a couple blocks blocks away. We would definitely go back and stay at the Off-Soho Suites. It is not the big fancy expensive hotel like you find in Midtown, but it was comfortable and convenient. The air conditioning is a window unit, and you get four bath towels per room (no wash cloths or hand towels). If you don't mind that, it is definitely worth the stay. The hotel reminded us of the hotels we stayed at in Europe, in both Ireland and Germany. It is very European. There was a very good German restaurant right next door with an outdoor beer garden. We ate dinner there one night and it was delicious and relatively inexpensive. There is also a cafe in the hotel which serves food, wine and beer until midnight.We paid about $100 per night less than the other hotels we considered. Giving up central air and a wash cloth was well worth it.	
Jan 28 2004	Clean and Friendly	We stayed at Off Sofo Suites for 2 nights just before Xmas. We found the welcome friendly and our room was spacious, clean and bright. Maids cleaned everyday. The location is great for Little Italy, Soho, Chinatown, etc... all within easy walking distance. Times Square is about $7 in a Taxi though if your legs are good you could walk it! There's a little cafe in reception that you can grab a beer from, which was most welcome after our flight in. The neighbourhood is safe enough but like anywhere in NY, keep your wits about you. There is always somone on the front desk and you have to show your key to gain access at night, so it feels nice and secure. My only complaint would be the lock on the door could have been a bit stronger but we had no problems and would certainly stay again. A good hotel in a good area at a great price! Enjoy.	
Jan 12 2004	terrible	bathroom so dirty, any kind of money is not worth it. bad experience	
Jan 22 2003	Good value	This is a budget hotel that is clean, spacious and spartan. The block it is located on is industrial and graffiti strewn, but safe. The location is close to Greenwich Village, Little Italy, Soho, and convenient subway stops. The suites are clean and large by NY standards but the neighborhood can be noisy and there are NO amenities to speak of, i.e., forget about getting extra towels. The hotel staff is indifferent to friendly, but the hotel feels very safe as there is always someone at the entrance. Don't expect too much from this hotel; but you get your money's worth considering how inexpensive it is and the size of the suites.	
Jul 9 2009 	War genial		
Apr 3 2009 	Bon deal pour un logement à New York		
Jan 29 2009 	Très bonne adresse		
Sep 9 2006 	Lieber nicht mehr		
