Nov 12 2009 	Perfect	Although we have travelled the world over this was our first trip to NYC.We had some reservations regarding the Towers after reading some of the negative reviews on Trip Advisor however after our stay last weekend,I cannot imagine staying anywhere else on our next visit.The suite was wonderful,the staff warm and welcoming,all in all aperfect stay	
Nov 2 2009 	let down by staff	We have stayed at the Waldorf towers several times before and although we love the beautiful building and the lovely suites we once again feel very disappointed by the lack of care given by the staff. We have had problems before with staff attitude but decided because it is such a nice hotel to give it another chance. We were pleased with our lovely suite on a high floor but even that didn't make up for the bad attitude of the staff. we decided to check out 2 days early and move to another hotel , the Plaza, which definitely has better quality staff, and we will not use the waldorf again.	
Oct 12 2009 	The lovely towers	I've stayed at the towers several times, it's always nice to be back. Great service and rooms, a private feeling. Excellent old world class.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic	The most beautiful hotel I've ever been. Ideally located in Manhattan, you'll enjoy a VIP treatment. The concierge staff (Michael especially) is absolutely the best ever. I've been free-uograded to an executive tower suite. The price is not so high (307 usd), but you'll be satisified.	
Aug 25 2009 	Why would i complain?	We were upgraded from 26th floor at Waldorf Astoria to 39th floor at Waldorf Towers, where we had an incredible room with a spectacular view on both Park avenue and the other side (wherever we looked there...), including a breakfast buffet, for the same price friends of mine payed at shabby &quot;tone on lex&quot;. Marble bathroom, golden faucets, comfy beds, huge tv, walk-in-closet, safe and so on. So... why would I complain (both during the stay and in my review) about the tv not working properly, the doorman not opening the door, the concierge laughing when asked for a bus connection or the cheese being somewhat processed slices (besides that: a great breakfast!).It was a nice experience (especialy for this bargain price) but there are other hotels without the ballyhoo, on better locations, with low prices around the year.	
Aug 21 2009 	Incredible Timeless Hotel!	We were upgraded from a regular sized room to a huge suite at check-in. The suite (31H) was by far the largest and nicest we had ever seen in New York. The entire suite was impeccably decorated and had great views of Park Ave. The living room had plenty of space for hosting, along with a nice office area. The marble bathroom was spacious and very clean. The bedroom was lovely, and the bed was very comfortable. The free breakfast in the morning was also very good and had many more options than expected.	
Aug 16 2009 	Calm in a busy city	We stayed at The Waldorf Towers for 3 nights in August 2008. It is not cheap, but location right in the heart of NYC made it worth it. We had no car, did not use the Metro and only needed one taxi ride to the southern end of Manhatten for the whole of our stay. We enjoyed walking everywhere as it is in easy reach of the Broadway Theatres, Empire State Building, Times Square, Central Park and of course all those wonderful shops. I am pleased to say that I managed to spend more than my wife! Returining to the iconic hotel was always a pleasure. I am not sure if I preferred the private entrance for the Waldorf Towers or the fantastic main lobby of the Astoria. Make sure that you view the history in show cases in the lobby.	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful	Staying in the Waldorf Towers was a very nice experience. It is just as great as the Waldorf Astoria but just happens to be a little more private since there is a seperate enterance and the service was very good. The staff checked in with us at least once a day to make sure that we had everything that we needed and the continental breakfast was delicious! Our suite was also wonderful and very clean!	
Jun 5 2009 	Simply perfect!	My husband and I stayed at the Waldorf Towers to celebrate our anniversary andtake in all the tourist sites.Our stay at the Waldorf Towers was flawless. Friendly check-in, a beautiful suite overlooking the city, super comfortable bed, generous breakfast in the lounge and charming, caring service from all the staff members we encountered.The location is perfect - we will definitely return!	
May 25 2009 	Impeccable Service Great location but oh the cost!	For out 10th anniversary we decided to splurge on a weekend at luxury Manhattan hotel. We'd seen mixed reviews of the Waldorf Astoria, but since we got a decent deal of $300 (well, a decent deal for the Waldorf; it's by far the most expensive hotel room I've ever paid for, but(for a king room in an historic old hotel we decided to go for it. We got to the hotel early (11 AM), and even though check in was not until 3, we decided to try to check in as the front desk was not particularly busy. Of course our room wasn't ready (we didn't expect it to be), so for our inconvenience they offered a room in the Towers, no cost to upgrade (note that on the hotel website you can check a box to upgrade at a modest fee if a room is available. We did not select that option and got a free upgrade).We checked our bags, at lunch, saw a show and returned to the hotel (this time to the separate Towers check-n desk off 50th St), but our room was not ready. However, a king suite was available and they offered it, also with no charge for the upgrade (which also came with a free continental breakfast) .The room was huge, on a fairly high floor with a good view. It was spotless, well appointed, and it came with comfortable pillows (so many luxury and upscale hotels I've stayed in have lousy pillows). The free breakfast was nothing to write home about, it was like a Holiday Inn Express free breakfast with better pastries and all you can eat lox, but no belgian waffle maker, and the bagels were pretty terrible.	
May 6 2009 	Pleasantly surprised. Definitely work the extra $ to be in the Towers.	After a recent lackluster stay at the Waldorf, I didn't have high expectations for the Towers. Overall a wonderful experience. Comfortable bed. Spacious room. Lovely experience. Of course, the location is ideal for sightseeing.Downside: crowded breakfast in the lounge and executive lounge does not have convenient hours.	
Mar 1 2009 	Absolutely amazing!	I stayed at the Waldorf Towers (February 27-March 1, 2009). I was supposed to be a in a luxury suite at the Waldorf-Astoria - an upgrade due to an issue that I experienced last October at the Waldorf-Astoria. I did not expect the upgrade to be in the Towers, let alone a luxury executive suite on the 35th floor of the Towers. Amazing. The service was impeccable, the room (and the view), stunning. Make that a suite - a huge living room with a flat sreen tv, a large bedroom (another flat screen tv), a huge bathroom. Great room service, super nice concierge. One can even get a Waldorf salad to go from Oscar's, which I ate on the plane home. The Customer Service folks who made this possible -- deserve all sorts of kudos .. they more than made up for the problems in the room last October. I felt like a princess. I was treated like a princess. In fact, the Towers (and the Waldorf-Astoria) staff treat everyone like royalty. I didn't want to leave my suite because I was so comfortable. Would I stay again? You bet? (Of course, it all depends on those AAA rates or other good deals.) I loved it. The Waldorf-Astoria (and the Towers) is a truly special hotel. If you have a problem, the customer service folks will do their best to solve it and make it better. A round of applause. I miss my suite already!	
Feb 26 2009 	Fabulous!	We stayed in the Towers when we were in NY 2 years ago! As it was our first stay (and assume it wasn't very busy), we were upgraded and boy it was fantastic! We had a huge bedroom, dressing room, huge living room, kitchenette, 4 walk in closets and masses of hallways! The service we got was fantastic and I was 5 months pregnant at the time and they couldn't have been more helpful. We also had the concerige service so had breakfast included and that was great as well. Good choice and not hugely busy again. We ate in the Bull &amp; Bear once I think and it was fine - enjoyed the food and the service was good as far as I can remember. The reception staff were always helpful and on hand to assist. They helped us rent a car for a day to visit my husbands stepmother who lives in Long Island and couldn't have made things easier for us.Wasn't the cheapest of hotels but we enjoyed it immensely.All in all, it was a great stay so I hope this review is helpful to some of you.	
Jan 27 2009 	Disappointed	I chose to stay at the Waldorf Towers for a special occasion and turn out to be a bad decision. The continental breakfast was served on a room not at a restaurant, with capacity for 100 people the most and the line was really bad. The gym is new and clean, but the locker's locks are so difficult to use. They don't have the restaurant menus on the rooms and they do not have it available at all, even for guess on the suits. We had the 4p late checkout and the key got de-activated at 12N because that's the rule. For $435 a night I don't think it was a good choice. The Japanese restaurant is very good and the tatami room is beautiful.	
Dec 9 2008 	Absolutely Amazing	We stayed at the Towers for 4 nights on our honeymoon. The 40th floor suite was stunning and huge! The view along Park Av was incredible. Staff were on the most part super polite and helpful. The only two down points were the disappointing service we received in the Bull and Bear and the insanely marked up tickets we bought from the concierge. I appreciate that there will be a mark-up on those, but this was ridiculous, especially as when we got to the venue it was half empty and we could have bought face value tickets on the door!	
Nov 16 2008 	Not up to expectations	We booked into the Waldorf expecting a very special hotel in which to celebrate my 40th birthday. On arrival, check-in seemed to take forever, much tapping away at the computer until, about 10 minutes later we were given a room key. We pointed out that we had reserved 2 rooms and another 10 minutes of tapping later we were given another room on a different floor. The room had a huge piece of (chewed) chewing gum on the bed cover, a blocked shower drain, noisy air-con, poor bathroom ventilation etc. I asked for a different room and they told us that if we packed our bags and left them in our room we'd be moved next day. We asked for a kingsize bed. When we got to the room they'd upgraded us to a better room, but with two seperate beds again. To be fair the staff were wonderfully friendly and helpful, but I think the computer system lets them down.We managed to get a table at the Bull and Bear restaurant which was wonderful and I'd highly recommend it to steak lovers.One final point, all of the 'clean' towels delivered to the hotel had other people's hairs attached, which I found a bit offputting, and I don't think it would have killed them to provide some free bottled water in the rooms.My partner and his daughter loved it and would stay again, but I think I'll try somewhere else next time.	
Nov 14 2008	Waldorf Towers "Not Impressed"	I stayed at the Waldorf Towers along with my 2 children in October. During Check in process we were given our room cards, but no inform ie; where to go for breakfast, the lift to take to our room, &quot;we had to be ask for this information or work it out ourselves&quot; (a bit disappointing for the Waldorf). The staff ie; Bell Boy's, Waitresses, Chamber Maids where wonderful and some of the receptionist. A minority of staff seemed to undermind us, MAYBE because we were not wearing designer clothing. Business facilities are overcharged, for an average of 15 min, I paid £21. Continental breakfast is included with a good selection, but be preparded to wait for a few minutes if the room is full (again the waitresses were very accommodating).We stayed in a 2 double room, which could have done with being re-decorated (although it was cleaned at a very high standard), the wallpaper was lifting in places but, was spacious and the shower door was broken on arrival although they fixed it as soon as I complained. I feel that the name is what makes this a 4 1/2* hotel and they need to treat all of their guest equally. I would recommend this hotel for its location but, overall was not very impressed.If you have been to Dubai and stay at some of the hotels there, I think you will understand my disappointment.	
Nov 12 2008 	A nice stay	Hello,We just spent two nights at the Waldorf Towers.Our room was a one bedroom Luxury suite 800 sq. feet that we booked on-line for a great rate.The room was beautiful.Based on our room rate I do not think we could have done better.If you are picky about service this may not be the Hotel for you.Everytime we asked for something they said they were overwhelmed by diplomats who are staying at the Hoel and it would take one hour for our ice to arrive and when my husband was checking in there was nobody there to greet him and he had to take up his own bags.To me this Hotel is more like a Luxury Apartment building which I like and that is probably why many celebs stay here.As we were leaving Ted Turner was checking in.Overall we had a great time and if you like the old world feel this is a great place to stay.	
Oct 29 2008 	A great stay in New York City	There are lots of choices for hotels in New York City. A venerable old favorite is the Waldorf Towers inside the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. The staff is incredible well-schooled in providing first class service. The hotel is in a great location with easy access to everything. Rooms and interior corridors are starting to show their age but for the most part, things are well-kept. Unless you want the top-tier “see and be seen” experience in New York, this hotel represents the best value for first class hotels in Manhattan.	
Oct 27 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Arrived by limo with Champagne in hand! What a hotel such a grand entrance and hallway, helpful staff, free upgrade to a fabulous room overlooking the Chrysler building. The hotel had everything you could want, shops bars restaraunts just a wonderful experience all together	
Oct 20 2008 	Didnt meet expectatiions	Well to summarise this hotel did not meet expectations nor the extreme price. Firstly the room was large but was next to a large air con unit so we asked to be moved, we were then put into a room which was smaller and on a level being refurbished, however it was clean. Service was good and staff friendly. The main attraction of the Waldorf is to say &quot;I stayed at the Waldorf, NYC&quot;.	
May 26 2008 	Wonderful Waldorf Towers	Because of other bad reviews about this hotel we were seriously in doubt if this was the right choice for our first stay in NYC for 8 nights. -But we were overwhelmed!We received an upgrade to a huge, renovated and beautiful executive suite on 37th floor (including 2 large LCD-TVs and 5 big windows). The service was also great and very personal.The day before our departure they sent champagne on ice and some fresh chocolate-dipped strawberries to our room.Whenever we return to New York City, we will choose this fantastic, luxurious and charming hotel again!!	
May 22 2008 	LOVED The Waldorf Towers	We stayed at the Waldorf Towers for our 10th wedding anniversary and from the moment we arrived everything was amazing and the staff couldn't do enough to help us. The location is great, the staff were great, the suite was beautiful, comfortable and spotlessly clean. Room service was delivered quickly and was delicious. Basically, we couldn't find fault with the place at all and I'd love to go back.	
May 19 2008 	Doesn't quite live up to its motto	This was my fifth stay at the Towers over many years, and my main reasons for continuing to select this hotel are the great location (amenable to uptown and downtown) and the enormous rooms/suites -- a rarity in NY.I booked a luxury suite through the hotel and upon check in asked the desk clerk if it was a &quot;great&quot; room and she assured me it was. However, upon entering the suite on the 36th floor, I noted that you could hear the elevator quite prominently in the living room (since the room was immediately adjacent to the elevator shaft) and the room was rather sparsely furnished. So not even taking my coat off, I requested a room change. I was shown (&amp; accepted) a much larger, quieter and more luxurious suite in the back of the hotel. The suite was really quite enormous -- locals are often shocked at the size of some of these suites and everyone is different in arrangement, decor, etc.That being said, the shower head was made for a 7' tall person, strangely high up and could not be adjusted. My partner is over 6' tall, so I'm not sure how a short person would adapt. A bit odd, but water pressure was like a flood.They have a service motto in their literature that says something like &quot;the difficult can be done immediately and the impossible takes a few minutes.&quot; Well, that didn't turn out to be true. One evening after we were settled in we requested a certain flavor of Vitamin Water (that wasn't in the mini bar) only to have the concierge tell us it was beyond impossible. So my partner got dressed, walked a block away to a deli, and bought 4 bottles of the exact flavor. So much for the &quot;impossible taking a few minutes.&quot; Additionally, after a full day of shopping we requested a scissors to cut off the price tags and were told we couldn't have them for &quot;safety reasons.&quot; Yet, they were happy to bring a steak knife with room service (which we used to cut off the tags). I don't know about most people, but I could do a lot more damage with a steak knife than I could ever do with a pair of scissors. Just silly. So my suggestion is, change the hotel motto, because they really won't go out of their way to do anything. If they would have, it would probably be a 5 star experience.	
Apr 27 2008 	Ols style charme and elegance in the heart of Midtown	This hotel doesn't need presentations. In the heart of Midtown Manhattan, this is an historic place to stay. You can feel the old charme and elegance in the lounge, in the coomon areas and, of course, in the rooms. Fast elevators take you to the highest floors of the building, rooms have a beautiful view and are very spacious, the suites have a foyer, a sitting area with desk and a large bedroom.Service is good even if a bit cold and not personal, anyway, expect it at an high level.	
Apr 21 2008	The Waldorf Towers - Old School glamour	A beautiful hotel and a real art deco masterpiece. Outstanding staff - very helpful and very friendly. Breakfast in bed is recommended - they wheel in a huge table piled with delicious food, fresh coffee &amp; orange, etc - it's like something you'd see in a '50s film!Brilliant location, stay in the Towers rather than the main hotel for real sky scraper views. My Mum and I stayed from 24th - 28th December 2007 and had a magical time. I would recommend to anyone. Perhaps not very child friendly, but perfect for friends or couples of any age.Next time I would like to stay in a more contemporary hotel, but this is a real experience!(Breakfast in the downstairs cafe, I think it is called Oscars, is a bit of a disaster though - try the brunch bars on Lexington Ave). There is a beautiful church right next to the Waldorf with a restaurant inside, Try it for something a little different and to get away from the crowds. Delicious food &amp; wine, great service. Greenwich Village is a must - there's some brilliant shopping to be done (designer clothing - Marc Jacobs, Juicy, James Perse etc alongside record stores, bric a brac, etc) and it's just so pretty. Pop into one of the little restaurants - we went to Autumn and had a very unusual European meal - tasty, good wine!Avoid Times Square like the plague, and make sure you see the Metropolitan Museum of Art. For the most delicious chinese try Chin Chins on East 49th Street	
Apr 18 2008 	Absolutely Great - a New York Treat !	We booked for our first trip to New York with our two children and had always wanted to stay in the Waldorf. Before we booked we knew nothing of the Towers and when this was the only option available we were to be honest slightly concerned - we should not have been. We arrived for our first night to be told our room was not instantly available but were given complimentary drinks vouchers and decided to have a snack in the Peacock Alley - service was great and food, Steaks all round were superb. We arrived back to check in and were told the room was still not ready and would we mind checking in for one night into a room with the promise for an upgraded room for our three other nights. We arrived at Suite 33H, what a room - giant mirrored entrance, three bedrooms, kitchen, dining room facilities and huge sitting area - views of the Chrysler building to die for. We were told the Secretary General of the UN had stayed there while his apartment was being refurbished and could believe it - what a treat. Left in the morning and bags were moved as promised to a suite on the 29th floor - immaculate, with great views of the Citicorp building and river. Two bedrooms with sitting area (and mural) and small kitchen, plus three flat screen TVs - great. Staff were helpful and polite - an experience of a lifetime. Breakfast on the 26th floor was a treat especially with young children and we always got a table easily although this may be a problem at busier times I suppose. For us it will only be the Walfdorf Towers from now on. Smith and Wollensky (of Devil wears Prada fame) on the doorstep and great for all red meat fans.For all Abercrombie and Fitch fans save your money in London and go mad in New York, now have tee shirts for life.Great Hotel in fine location.Seems strange to say it felt safer in NYC than London !	
Apr 14 2008 	Terrific service	We have just returned from a 5 day break in New York , our first to the city but 6th to USA.With slightly mixed reviews of the Waldorf we were open minded as to what to expect but the service we encountered was exemplary. We were travelling with our 2 teenage children (16&amp;18) and were taken by surprise by the small beds (being doubles as opposed to queens).After very swift service from reception the on duty manager could not have been more helpful and pleasant in resolving our problem. She allowed a massive upgrade to a 2 bedroomed suite which really enhanced our stay.Continental breakfast was complimentary which was more than adequate for our needs and service staff were always friendly, obliging and ready to help.The central location was very good for seeing quite a bit of NY on foot and when we needed to go further a field we used yellow cabs or the subway with relative ease and coupled with the sunny warm weather we had we will certainly be visiting this vibrant, interesting city again.	
Feb 26 2008 	what a elegant hotel	the waldorf towers what a elegant hotel it is. the tower's may be old but it's everything you expect from a grand hotel.staff where wonderful treated you if you where royalty . the lounge on the 26th floor was quite large mind you they had just re- opened after refurbishment on the day of our arrival alway's plenty of food and drink.we where staying in a executive suite on the 30th floor over looking lexington av and the east river our room had a large living room with plasma television wet bar one very large bedroom bathroom with seperate bath and shower i will post pictures soon.it was my our 25th wedding aniv i phone a couple weeks in advance and ordered a bottle of champagne on arrival but we did not get one we got two one from the ladies on reception and one from the tower's manager what afantastic gesturethe above where complement's of the hotel.the food in oscar's and the bull and bear where as ever up to there very high standard's.so in suming up if you are looking for old style hotel this is the one to stay in i cant wait till till our next visit from the uk	
Jan 15 2008 	The Horrific Towers	Let me begin by saying this trip began by us carrying our luggage into the hotel and inevitably doing the same on the way out. I booked this trip through AMEX platinum fine hotels and resorts and regret staying at the hotel. The Bellman was no where to be found when I arrived with my family on Friday, December 21, 2007 at around 3 PM. None of our three rooms were ready. Finally, when the first room was ready it was nice and spacious. When the second room was ready it was the size of a hall closet, had paint peeling from the walls, and smelled of mold. I informed them of this problem and they brought us to the next option of a room, which was small and had an overpowering smell of cigarette smoke. The Bellman told me it was a non-smoking room and that he would call for the Manager. When she arrived, she told me the hotel was completely booked and that they could put a machine inside the room to get rid of the smell of smoke. I explained to her that I was asthmatic and that this was beyond unacceptable. So, since it was paid in full, I had no choice but to keep the hall closet. Our third room was small, had an enormous amount of paint peeling from the walls, the lamps did not work, the carpets were pretty gross and desperately needed to be renovated, and the woman whom I was dealing with did not see a problem with this. She was unhelpful, rude, and promised to contact me to switch rooms when one became available, which she never did. The private elevators did not work about half of the time we were there, so in order to get to our room or the lobby, we had to take one elevator to a certain floor, switch and take another. There were huge water leaks throughout the hotel, one of which my brother reported because the hotel was not doing anything about it and that was the entrance to the Waldorf Towers. The following day there was a waterfall in the middle of the famed Peacock Alley restaurant. Below you will find a list of some of our other issues:- Friday night we asked our private concierge to make us reservations at Nobu and they told us it was almost impossible. Same with Tao. They did not call but I did and got a reservation.- We asked the concierge on Friday to make us reservations for brunch on Sunday at Tavern on the Green. On Sunday, we find out we do not have a reservation and because they lost my father's cell phone number and our rooms voice mail was not working, they did not leave us a message. However, I was able to call on Sunday and they gave us one.-The heater in our room would not shut off and it was an inferno. I called the front desk, they left me on hold for literally 15 minutes and then it hung up. When I was finally able to get through, they told me maintenance would come up and never did. -My brother went down to the Waldorf lounge or club level whatever they call it and was pouring himself a cup of coffee and one of the employees who work there came up to him, took his cup of coffee and told him they are closed and he needs to leave NOW. -We never received the welcome amenity that you get from AMEX-All 3 room keys stopped working, Sunday morning even though we had late check out. They told us someone would be up to bring us new room keys, since the line downstairs to get new keys was very long. Security let us into our room but failed to bring us new keys- We put several calls into the Manager, all of which were unreturned-The hold time to place an order with room service was seriously like 20 minutes and then they delivered and incomplete order. When we called room service back, to inform them of this, they put us on hold for another 10 minutes, and the missing food did not arrive for another 45. Among that was milk for the baby.-On Saturday night at around 10:15 we asked the front desk for recommendations as to where we could get appetizers and drinks, and after speaking to 4 people from the hotel staff, we took a cab to a closed restaurant as per their sole recommendation.-Also, apparently fire alarms were going off on Friday and my parents went down like 30 flights of stairs but it did not go off in the wing I was in.- Complimentary breakfast in the Waldorf Lounge was full, so they gave us buffet vouchers to go down to a specific restaurant in the hotel, which would normally be fine, except that there was a 30 minute wait. So we left.- My last point I will make was when we were checking out, we had all of the bags in the dressing area, and the bellhop accidentally left one. We only found out because someone used the restroom right before we were leaving and noticed, after the bellhop had left. When our driver called, the bellhop then moved our bags 10 feet to the front of the Waldorf Towers entrance. Our driver was in front of the Waldorf and I needed someone to explain to him how to get to the side street, and no one would help us. I asked the bellhop to help me and said he would and then a suburban pulled up and he began unloading those bags. This went on for about 15 minutes. The weather was getting bad outside and we were afraid we were going to miss our flight, so I kept asking the bellhop who used to be helping us to please speak to my driver or if he could find me someone who could. He told me he would when he was done taking all of the bags upstairs! I informed him again that we were there first, had a flight to catch, and that my driver was lost in front of the hotel and he simply said no matter what he does someone will be upset. Meanwhile, my brother went to try to get one of the managers but she told him, she was busy and he needed to wait. In the end, forty-five minutes after our scheduled pick-up time we took a bellhop cart half way down the block, to where my driver was and my brothers unloaded our luggage into the car, in the rain with the driver and we almost missed our flight. This is clearly not a 5 or 4 star hotel. This would never happen at the Ritz, St. Regis, and the Four Seasons all of which we've stayed at in NYC. I am still trying to fathom how we experienced all of this and more. If you are considering staying here, I highly recommend you seek other accommodations because I have to say this was easily one of worst hotels I have ever stayed at and we are all well traveled.	
Dec 20 2007	Very nice hotel!	We stayed in a luxury suite in the Towers and were very pleased. My hubby has stayed in both the Waldorf and the Towers, and prefers the Towers, hands down. We were mistakenly booked at the Waldorf, but the receptionist worked quite hard to fit us into the Towers. Very nice effort on her part and much appreciated on an extremely busy December weekend! The suite was in excellent condition. Very large rooms with beautiful crown molding, marble foyer and bathroom. It is furnished very traditionally. If you prefer a contemporary look, this hotel is not for you! We had only one problem with the thermostat (we couldn't get it to turn on), and they sent maintenance up right away and followed up with a phone call. Nice touch. The small lobby is beautiful and private. I would definitely recommend this hotel for those looking for a quiet, lovely retreat in NYC.	
Dec 10 2007	They should be ashamed	Owner Hilton Corp. should be ashamed at how this historic property is maintained.The Waldorff Towers used to be a residential apartment, and it is now billed as the private, premier section of the Waldorff Astoria Hotel. It is supposed to have superlative service, and they charge a premium to stay here.I booked a room through AMEX for approx. $800/night, and was upgraded to a suite-- 33f-- through AMEX platinum. There is a private entrance for guests of the &quot;Towers&quot; on 50th Street, around the corner from the busy main entrance. While this is a good concept, they do not appear to have a doorman stationed full time at this entrance to greet those needing to drop luggage and leave their vehicle with the valet. So, I had to venture around the corner on my own to the main entrance to locate a doorman who could help me with my lugage and valet park the car. This is unaccepetable for a supposed first class hotel which touts the supposed personalized service on the Tower side.Next-- the suite. Substandard condition. Again, not what you would expect for a hotel in this price point. For example--1. Paint peeling in the ceiling of the shower, literally hanging down, ready to fall on one's head.2. Peeling and dirty wall paper throughout.3. The whole place felt shabby, tired and somewhat unclean, especially the bathrooms.4. Cheap plastic/vinyl roll up window shades.5. Floor lamp did not work properly-- had to be unplugged to shut off. And, one ceiling light in the suit had the opposite problem-- itcould not be turned off.The whole place felt somewhat drab and down-market.The thing is-- the place has so much potential. Good location. Famous name. Rooms are spacious with nice architectural details, and some nice early century furnishings which would be welcomed if the suite as a whole we better maintained. Evidently, Hilton is happy enough to trade on name and the former glory of the property and maximize its profits. Many better choices in NYC at this price point.	
Nov 24 2007 	Service fantastic - rooms a little tired	We spent 3 nights in a one bedroom suite in the Towers with our 3 year old daughter. We'd originally booked at the NY Hilton but got a last minute deal. Difference in service from the main hotel? They unloaded our bags at the taxi entrance and then waved us in the direction of the Astoria. When we said actually we were staying in the Towers, they escorted us to the front desk and opened all the doors on the way. I'd phoned from the cab to say we were coming and check in was instantaneous. Bags delivered within 10 mins along with a rollaway bed for my daughter. Suite 31T - We had a sitting room with flat screen TV, a bedroom with a very comfortable bed and a second TV, a dressing room and bathroom. Oh and a real 1920's wer bar room with cocktail glasses and an ice maker. The suite (apart from the TV and fax machine) was straight out of the 1920s. Decor everywhere was very much from that era and room was maybe a little dark - though everything was very clean and certainly no peeling wallpaper. Our friends were staying in 27R which was much brighter, though smaller. I think it was just the colour scheme that made the differnce though. We found all the staff - front desk, concierge, room service, housekeeping excellent - but I guess at that price you should expect that. The public areas of the hotel are fantastic - though everything is expensive! The mini bar especially so! We visited the executive lounge briefly - it's not very big, but I raided it daily to get supplies for my daugher. Fruit juice, fruit, croissants, yoghurts etc in the mornings and snacks in the evening. You could pick up takeaway coffee too. My friends got breakfast vouchers but they are diamond Hilton Honours card holders. I tried, but failed.....$25 for the american breakfast buffet! I think you can do much better going out for breakfast but we had it one day and there was plenty of choice, and other cheaper menu choices. All in all - the location is fantastic - walking distance to lots of shops and attractions. Service was fantastic. It was a great experience - I never thought I'd ever stay in such a hotel. It is pricey so not for people on a tight budget.	
Nov 22 2007 	It's Like Going To Visit Family	Ahh the amazing towers, we absolutley love the place, the grandure, the truly amazing rooms, the service, and above all the people, we love the bellman Ned, a true gentleman, suave and very intelligent, healways has flowers for me when we arrive, we adore him, and there's paul and Daniel, again two lovely gentlemen, always a hug and a welcome back, we stay there once a month if we can, it's just like going to visit family for us, and there's the lovely Susan on the deska real credit to the place, always a smile and always helpful, a true lady. Can't wait for december :)	
Oct 30 2007 	A Wonderful Stay at the Towers	We stayed at The Waldorf Towers from 10/24-10/28 to celebrate a 50th Anniversary and had a fantastic experience. We had a 2 room suite with a parlor, dining room table and kitchen on the 31st floor and the accomodations were perfect for 4 adults and 1 child. The main bedroom (which was very large) included a king sized bed, a large raised bathroom which included a separate tub and shower, two sinks and a separate vanity in the double closet area. The second bedroom had two double beds and a marble bathroom -- this bedrom was more consistent with other high end hotel rooms. It could also be closed off from the main suite. We used the Astoria Lounge on the 26th floor for breakfast everyday and afternoon hors'douvres -- it's a great place to start your day and grab a snack before you start your walk around the city. The Towers lobby is never crowded, compared to the main hotel lobby, which is always buzzing with activity.There are many comments about both the hotel and The Towers regarding the age of the hotel. Guess what? It is an old hotel, but doesn't everyone know that when they check-in? It is what it is -- a grand hotel with a rich history. It was my experience to communicate with the hotel staff prior to our arrival to ensure the occasion for our visit was one to be remembered and the staff went above and beyond the call of duty to make our stay memorable. From the doormen to the bell captain to the front desk attendants to the maids -- they all provide exemplary service. Treat them they way you would want to be treated (yes, tip them) and your stay will be great.We look forward to a return visit to The Waldorf Towers and another great experience.	
Oct 27 2007 	a classic institution	Booked a week at a junior suite two months early and then upgraded a week before travel to a one bed suite in the towers - paid about $950 for a $1400 room. So its not cheap, even at a discount - but the rooms were huge (maybe 2000ft total), the bathroom marble luxery, and the bed very comfy. In answer to a previous reviewer complaining that the fittings were 20 years old, of course they are - its a classic hotel from the 1930's, and for me that art deco history and aged furnishings is part of the point of going! Its also a central location, very elegant public rooms, perhaps slightly stuffy and old fashioned restaurants and room service etc. But thats what I would expect from a grand old dame like this, and its worth it for the experience if you like old world charm.	
Oct 20 2007 	Loved the Waldorf - Hated the Price	We absolutely love staying in the Waldorf=Astoria. The lobby, the Concierge Room, the Jr. Suite itself were all impeccable. This is truly a classy hotel. It is also $1,000 per NITE! I have a hard time putting $2,200 on a credit card for two night stay in a hotel, regardless of how nice it is. I also objected to having to pay for drinks in the Concierge Room (Astoria Lounge). If I didn't have to pay the bill myself, I would stay here everytime. But since I do, I have to look around. We did see Tony Blair (ex-Prime Minister) coming through the lobby while we were leaving. That was cool.	
Sep 18 2007 	Much better than the normal rooms	After having stayed at the Waldorf many times, I think what you get is going to be potluck as far as rooms are concerned. My room in the towers was a roomy queen sized room with a standard hotel bathroom. The bathtub was larger than most bathtubs (though not a garden size tub) and the toiletries were Penhaligon's. I had a foyer that closed off from the bedroom which helped keep my room nice and quiet. My bed was conformtable and I even had a coffee maker in my room (which is not standard for normal Waldorf rooms). The room was decorated in a traditional way and much of the furniture looked antique. I enjoyed my towers stay much more than any of my other stays at the waldorf!	
Jul 31 2007 	Shabby but spacious	We have just finished 3 days in a Luxury Towers Suite at the Waldorf Towers. The first thing to note (because this is the first thing you'll see) is that the room was shabby. Really shabby. We are talking about six-inch wide pieces of wallpaper coming away from the walls, mysterious bulges behind plaster work, worn (as opposed to antique) furnishings, missing blocks in the parquet flooring, a very uncomfy bed etc. The bathroom fittings are at least 20 years old, and you don't even get 2 sinks yet alone 2 toilets as you would expect in a suite. The club lounge on the 26th floor is pathetic - literally three proper tables, with everyone else eating off a side table. I can imagine at peak times you'll struggle to get a cheap. No cooked breakfast options, and they have the nerve to charge for alcohol and close at 9pm!However .... there are a lot of postive things about the property. Our suite was huge (website gives range of 600-800 sq ft for Luxury Tower Suites and ours was certainly at the upper end of this). It had windows looking in 2 directions with, from the bed, a perfectly framed view of the Chrysler Building. The rate ($665 per night) was exceptionally reasonable for the size of the suite, which included a separate living area (2 flat screen TV's in all), a large dressing area (3 wardrobes in total) and a large hallway, plus the bedroom. You get to access all of the Waldorf-Astoria facilities which are impressive in scale and looks. And the location is central for most touristy things - walkable to Barneys / Bloomingdales and easy access to Grand Central for metros elsewhere.Its fair to say my other half (who really wanted to stay here, which is the only reason I booked it - I knew what to expect) was disappointed. However, by the 2nd night, we'd begun to overlook the shabby look and enjoy the huge amount of space and the general Waldorf environment. If its space you're after, this is very likely to be the best upscale deal in Manhattan. If you want an immediate 'wow' factor and modern furnishings, give it a miss and try Soho House, the Mandarin Oriental, the Four Seasons or, for a cheaper weekend away, the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park.	
Jul 23 2007 	Towers Suite Exceptional!	My two daughters, my granddaughter and I shared a Deluxesuite for a 4 day weekend and absolutely loved the Towers.We had a marble black and white entrance into the suite, witha huge sitting area overlooking manhattan. Our bedroom hadtwo double beds and a boudoir between bedroom and bath.The bath was HUGE!!! From the time we arrived, we were treated like royalty. The staff was warm and friendly and handled our every wish to perfection. We had requested a limoto pick us up at the airport and my granddaugher was thrilled!All in all.....it was a grand &quot;girls weekend away&quot;. I would rateour stay a 5 star!	
Jul 5 2007 	very nice	Had a 2bedroom suit in the towers and it was beautiful .Our bathroom was a bedroom itself. The room service was excellent and the food was great... very expensive but that was to be expected. The hotel was staff was wonderful and we loved our stay. Location was very good we will return	
Jun 4 2007	Waldorf Towers	Both my husband and I had a brilliant time at the Waldorf Towers. All the staff were so helpful and after the intial hiccup of our room not being what we thought it would be, they upgraded us to a suite and I also received a bottle of bubbly and choc strawberries! We also ate there and that too was lovely.The free breakfast was very good and views fantastic. New York itself was the best place in the world! After reading reviews we did go on the Stanten Island Ferry, which was really great, free and quick. I wish I had taken notice of comments of the Central Park carriage ride, as this is true - not worth the money, go on the bikes they look alot better!For a shopping bargin - Century 21 across the road from the world trade site. Times Square, really busy but very exciting.Most important thing to remember in New York......look up!	
Apr 15 2007 	Best Location in NYC	We went to NYC for Spring Break with our two children, ages 9 and 13. As we were arriving on Easter Sunday, I had arranged through the most helpful conceirge attendant, Michael, to have baskets delivered to our room. Upon arrival, we entered the beautiful private lobby and were greeted most graciously. The lobby has classic decor, and the hotel is full of history. They made us feel very welcome. Our room was on the 35th floor, and upon entering the large spacious room - there were the Easter Baskets for our children!! Our room was a corner room with 3 large windows, one over looking the Chrysler Building. How magnificant!!!! The Tower Lounge, small, but very nice. Food and service wonderful. The staff went out of their way to make us feel special. We loved the private enterance for the Towers, it was out of the way from the very busy lobby of the Waldrof Asteria. My husband and I both had lived in NYC in the 80s, and found the hotel a wonderful central location for walking to many of the city highlights, including the theatre district, Fifth Ave. shopping, Central Park, and subway. We highly recommend the Towers for your next visit to NYC!!! We plan to go again, and again and again!!!	
Mar 29 2007 	Overpriced overhyped and under-achieving.	My wife and I stayed at this hotel courtesy of my daughter, who booked it as a surprise treat for my sixtieth birthday.I had been to New York previously, many years ago, although my wife had never been before and was looking forward to it immensely. In Britain, the Waldorf has a reputation as one of the classic hotels of the USA, the Waldorf Towers is supposed to be superior to the main hotel. Our experiences did not live up to our expectations.From the minute you enter the lobby, you are confronted with one of the most dour, characterless check-in areas I have ever seen. The corridors and room condition were similar. Ancient, long overdue for updating, the room, though large enough, was gloomy. The lights had to be on during the daytime to dispel the permanent shadowing. The bathroom furniture was archaic, but certainly not classic, as were the rest of the fittings throughout the accomodation. Everthing appeared cheap.Service was atrocious, there are no ice machines on the corridors nor any facilities in the room to make any. We had to request room service to bring some. After waiting an hour without receiving any, we asked again. We are still waiting.The breakfast facilities are woeful! The lounge is far too small, if you are unfortunate to find all of the very, very few tables occupied, you may be lucky enough to find an isolated chair from which you can eat from your lap. The only other alternative is to stand. Any complaint to the staff is met with indifference. To make matters worse, the fact of having to pay for drinks in a Hilton group executive lounge is beyond belief. I have stayed in Hilton and similar hotels around the world, yet this is the only lounge where the drinks were not complimentry.All in all, I fail to see how this establishment can conceivably be classed as five star, it is nearer to what I would imagine a three star hotel to be.It makes me despondent to think of how much it cost my daughter for this 'treat', though naturally, I could never disclose my dissatisfaction to her.	
Mar 17 2007 	Treated Like Royality	What a great place to stay in New York City!!! The Waldorf Towers is a great place to stay. The room was huge and elegantly decorated. The ammenities were nice in the room. The service staff was personable and helpful. We were treated like royality. The lounge with contintential breakfast was nice and filling. What a great way to experience New York City!!	
Nov 7 2006 	Regal hotel	The Towers may not have the shine of a newish modern hotel but the price reflects this. The added bonus is the huge room size, the history, the original features and the quietly attentive staff. Our 4 night stay went without a hiccup and I would certainly recommend it and will return.	
Jun 18 2006	Very Elegant	We just returned home from a wonderful stay at the Waldorf. While we were oringally in the Waldorf Astoria, we found it very noisy on the 7th floor and were promty upgraded to the 33rd floor of the Waldorf Towers. This included access to the Astoria louge, which has wonderful breakfasts and predinner food, as well as all day tea/coffee etc. The room was much quieter, and although smaller than our original suite was still beautiful, with a seperate boudoir. It was nice to have a sperate shower and bath, which the original suite didnt have. We had room service twice and found the food fantastic, including the Waldorf salad which we had to have during our stay :), and the prices not so outragous compared with surrounding restaurants. There is also a great Japanese restuarant on site. My only complaints are that one of the Concierge was very snooty and looked down on us when we asked where the closest subway station was - he told us it was better to have a private car and driver! - probably true but easier to get around on the subway. Also I had some pants cleaned and they came back still dirty, and then it took them 2 more days to get them back - and they still charged me the 1 day service fee!Overall we loved staying at this classic hotel and would be back in future - it was such a great feel you can still imagine the glitz of the 30's as you walk around the lobby.	
Mar 26 2006	Disappointing stay...not worth the money	We have travelled extensively and are HHonors Gold members so we have a good feel for hotels but found the Wardorf Towers to be very disappointing.Firstly on arrival, we found out room not to be ready (it was 9pm and we have just come off a transatlantic flight - so it wasn't great news), after a bit of standing our ground at check-in (main Waldorf reception) we were ushered to the private Towers reception where we found our room to be fairly small and strong smell of paint.While the room was nicely decorated, it wasn't particularly clean and felt a little worn (not to be confused with classic period decor).Mid way through our trip I received a call from my bank back home who had spotted 3 x $3000 charges on my Visa card.....this was of course the Waldorf charging me for the entire stay not twice but three times. Absolutely fuming I went down to front desk and explained, they were apologetic but not overly helpful and having no faith they would refund correctly I asked my bank to reject payment.Throughout the stay we called repeatedly to get mprning newspaper changes and extra pillows - none were actioned until at least my third call.Overall, NYC didn't disappoint - it never does and this was our 4th trip there! But the Towers was far from the &quot;small hotel&quot; with big facilities feel that was promised. Location was fine - metro and taxis close or you can walk to mid-town (34th St / Times Sq) in 10 mins. We won't be going back (despite being given a complimentary night stay for our troubles), its back to the Millenium Hilton (at Ground Zero site) / Plaza / W Hotel next year......	
Feb 27 2006	I was disappointed	Definitely not worth the price. For the money I paid, I expected a lot more, even for NYC. It's an old hotel, in a lot of places it looked like they just slapped some extra layers of paint for cover up. My room was only slightly above average. With the heat on the room was too hot, with it off it was too cold. The amenities were lacking, the ATM would not read either of my credit cards, the Internet TV service was unusable (TV screen was too small). On the plus side, the food was good. Any other hotel I would have looked over all this, but here it doesn't justify the rates they charge. You are pretty much just paying for the hotel name.	
Feb 24 2006	good stuff	They upgraded us with minimal charge... staff was very friendly, polite if not warm. Housekeeping was prompt and frequent... The room service foods are overpriced but SO DELICIOUS. Mmm. We had a suite with several rooms...great views all around from the 39th floor, nice cable television, wonderful bedding. Our first night, the smoke alarm went on and off all night... maybe seven or eight times between 12 am and 7 am. Felt sorry for the guys having to deal with it on staff, too... they sounded pretty sleepy. We heard the repeated message all night of&quot;Attention please, may I have your attention please? We have received an alarms investigating, we have received an alarms investigating.&quot;I must say that the rooms were clean, toiletries wonderful, the robes were comfy, the sleeps (when we could sleep) were great... They were helpful in scheduling rides and such for us... This is a great hotel.	
Oct 12 2005	Old World Charm in the Big City	My wife and I were recently fortunate enough to spend 2 nights at the Waldorf Towers, which is connected to the main hotel. We stayed in a lovely suite that was quite roomy. We were surprised with a wonderful fruit tray during our first night. Turndown service was provided. The staff was attentive and delightful. The parking was $45/day which is reasonable for parking in Manhattan. The bed was a dream. Very comfortable. While the decor is dated, it was appropriate and not offensive. We loved the concierge breakfast and afternoon snack that's provided on the 26th floor. Check in was a breeze and it was nice to have the separate entrance and check in for the towers.	
Jun 24 2005	Waldorf Towers - Beyond Expectations!	My husband, our two sons, ages 21 and 17, and I stayed at the Waldorf Towers June 15th through the 19th, 2005 on the recommendation of our travel agent. We had a beautiful two bedroom suite which was probably larger than most New York City apartments! The room was beautifully decorated and extremely comfortable, and had a great view of the city and the East River.The staff was always pleasant and accomodating, and I must commend the concierge Ricardo, as another reviewer did. He was able to get, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon on Friday, two tickets to the Yankee/Cubs game, behind home plate, lower level, for my husband and older son, and tickets to the theatre to see &quot;Wicked&quot; on the orchestra level, close to center and about mid-section, all for that same evening. Ricardo was not only helpful, giving directions on transportation and dining, but extremely friendly as well. Kudos also to the extremely helpful and polite doorman who was on duty Sunday the 19th at 9 a.m. when we left for the airport. He loaded our bags for the car service driver and even wished my husband a happy Father's Day! I'm sorry I didn't get his name.Waldorf Towers is in an excellent location, close to Rockefeller Center and Times Square. We were able to walk to those sites, as well as to the theatre and the Empire State Building. When we took the subway, Grand Central Terminal was the closest station, and it was an easy walk to get there.It was quite nice to enter the small, intimate Towers lobby, and feel like a VIP going up to the suite. Definitely visit the beautiful Astoria lobby, as it is a grand example of old New York hotel elegance. Our Towers suite was very old world elegant as well, with crown moulding, a fireplace, and other decorative touches, but the bathrooms were beautifully updated in marble. The suite was extremely clean, and was spruced up perfectly every day by the housekeeping staff.We highly recommend the Waldorf Towers, and are already planning our next trip back to this beautiful hotel.	
May 29 2005	Wedding At The Waldorf	Perhaps my husband-to-be was not literally a prince by birth or title, but during my stay at the Waldorf Towers for the weekend of my wedding, I was pampered and treated like a princess. My fairy tale began with the doorman assisting me out of my carriage (okay, okay, it was a yellow cab and not a pumpkin). We entered into the elegantly appointed small private lobby, and within a few moments, we were on our way to our suite. Later during our stay we explored the awesome main lobby and entrance. The incredible Art Deco details just took our breath away!We had booked an Ambassador Suite on the basis of the hotel brochure which promised regal surroundings for the intimate wedding ceremony and in-suite luncheon for ten that we had in mind. I was a little nervous about everything being just right for such a special occasion. As we reached our floor, announced by the white-gloved elevator attendant, and followed the bell captain down the lovely hallway, resplendent with chandeliers, my heart began beating in anticipation. My hopeful expectations were surpassed when the bell captain opened the door of our suite and we entered a grand marble foyer. As he led us into the living room, I was thrilled by the opulence of the high ceilings, rich carpets, molded alcoves, graceful furniture, and most of all, a magnificent marble fireplace with a beautiful gilded mirror. It was almost as though it were all designed with our purpose in mind. The dining room adjoining the living room was already set-up with the round table and chairs for ten as we requested. A bijoux wet-bar off the dining room contained a small refrigerator, sink, ice maker, and coffee maker. The only drawback was with respect to the refrigerator. An installed case of beverages took more than half of the small space which we would have preferred to use for our own purpose. We then crossed back through the foyer to the other half of the suite. We walked down a short hallway and entered a bedroom that was as beautifully appointed and almost as spacious as the living room. The bedroom was well-furnished with a mahogany bed outfitted with luxurious linen sheets, two night tables, a writing desk and chair, a grand dresser and mirror and a sitting area with two wing chairs and table. Adjacent to the bedroom was a lovely boudoir, complete with an exquisite vanity table and chair, ornate mirrors, and three full closets. A programmable safe was also provided, to which we entrusted our wedding rings for safekeeping. A palatial marble bath, stocked with luxurious Egyptian cotton towels and refined bath and hair products, completed our suite. The next morning, our guests arrived and were awed by the sumptuous setting in which our marriage was to take place. The marble fireplace with candles on the mantle and in wall sconces, reflected in the mirror, and provided the perfect backdrop for our wedding ceremony. Shortly after the ceremony concluded, the waiter arrived promptly at the pre-arranged time to begin serving the luncheon. I was very impressed by the fact that the Catering Manager himself had come earlier to personally oversee and ensure that everything was properly set-up. The luncheon itself was superb, and the efficient, attentive service of the waiter only added to my pleasure in how well this important function was handled by the staff. This high level of service and care was evident in every aspect of our stay, from the housekeeper who was very pleasant and cheerful, to room service which was prompt and courteous. We decided to be totally spoiled the next day and ordered breakfast from room service so we could stay in the plush robes provided by the hotel (I did do the honest thing and bought one to remind me of the &quot;Tower&quot; experience at home). Breakfast arrived on a rolling table set with linen tablecloth and napkins, china, silver, crystal glasses, and a fragrant, fresh pink rose as a final touch. Of course, the only drawback to all this is that it comes at a pretty price, but that is typical of all luxury hotels. Our breakfast, which included steak and eggs and pancakes and sausage (yes, we were hungry), came to almost ninety-nine dollars, not including tip. However, sated as we were with freshly squeezed orange juice and the sweetest raspberries I have ever tasted, we thoroughly enjoyed our delicious splurge. We also tried some of the Waldorf's restaurants during our three-day stay. We enjoyed an excellent dinner of succulent prime rib at the Bull and Bear steakhouse, and appreciated the very attentive, yet unobtrusive service provided. Oscar's, the &quot;casual&quot; restaurant, offered many of the same tasty choices included on the room service menu, but at far more reasonable prices. Alas, my fairy tale stay at the Waldorf Towers came to an end, but the wonderful memories will last me a lifetime.	
May 3 2005	NEEDS WORK		
Mar 17 2005	The Waldorf Towers has seen better days....		
Feb 10 2005	Not Bad for 3 star hotel...		
Dec 20 2004	Wonderful Stay		
Nov 26 2004	What a way to start a marriage!!		
Jun 13 2004	Hit or Miss		
Feb 23 2004	Absolutely Perfect		
Feb 6 2004	Fantastic!		
Jul 17 2003	Great stay!		
Jan 8 2003	Always the best		
Sep 28 2009 	Luxus pur!		
Sep 9 2009 	Der Lack ist ab		
Aug 25 2009 	Sehr enttäuscht vom Waldorf Astoria und den Waldorf Towers!		
Jul 9 2009 	Super		
Jun 28 2009 	????????		
Jan 29 2009 	??????????????		
Jan 21 2009 	????????		
