	clean frendly safe well located good value	This was my second time to stay at this hotel. Although my stay was for only two days, I felt very comfortable there. More like an exclusive appartment than a hotel. The flat was small but extreamly adequate. I enjoyed my stay whilst saving BIG money. My next business trip to NYC I will definately stay there.	
Nov 19 2009 	VERY small room.	This hotel is in an excellent location and safe to walk back late at night. Easily walk to where you need to be and subway is very accessible. For the location and price (paid 150.00 USD/night) we could ignore the size of the room. Was hard to ignore the smell though (had to have a window open the entire time). Our remote did not work. The person sent to look at it said the TV/remote was cheap...so we never had a working remote. Large security safe was nice and free wireless internet in room.	
Oct 24 2009 	Would stay here again 	I booked through lastminutetravel.com and found a great price for this hotel. It was my first time to New York, so I wasn't 100% sure about where to stay, but wanted to save as much as possible.The neighborhood that the GEM is in is not horrible, but it's not fantastic either. I never felt unsafe returning to the hotel even very late at night -- but I'm a tall guy with a confident walk, you're experience may vary. It's just about 3 blocks away from Penn Station but you do have to cross the entrance / exit from the Lincoln tunnel to get there. There are signals though so it's not like you are running across an open highway (there are also ways to get around this by going a block out of your way in either direction). Though it's close to Penn Station - I didn't find it to be a horrible walk up to Times Square (about 6 blocks up and 3 over) or over to Herald Square where the Macy*s is.The rooms were not huge (most in NYC are not), but they were comfortable. Had a very nice size king bed with room to walk-around both sides, a desk and small wardrobe. If someone was sitting at the desk it would be very difficult to walk between bed &amp; desk. The bathroom was a decent size and included basic amenities (soap, shampoo, body wash). The room and bathroom were both very clean. The free high-speed internet was a plus -- they have both wireless and wired. I had trouble connecting to the wireless at first and it could be a little spotty at times, but never had trouble with the wired ethernet as a backup. The room also included an in-room safe, iron &amp; coffee maker. The only of which I used was the iron, but there was no ironing board. I didn't feel like calling the front desk, so I just made due on the desk the one time I ironed.The staff was what I would expect from a mid-priced hotel -- not over the top, but not lacking in service either. Every time I came in I was greeted with a hello. My room key did de-magnetize twice and both times they immediately re-magnetized it for me. Other than that not much interaction with the staff. The cleaning staff did a great job - I actually only saw them in the hall one day (I think everyone else on the floor had checked out and they were getting an early start), but my room was always cleaned and made up by the afternoon. I think somewhere it says that they have turn-down service, I never saw this while I was there, but no big deal I can pull back the duvet myself.Liked Most: Cost, inexpensive yet niceLiked Least: Nothing, all-in-all pleasant experience	
Oct 20 2009 	If you're looking for a glamorous boutique hotel you may be disappointed!	The rooms here are small, but adequate – if not a little basic. I was rather disappointed to learn this hotel doesn’t offer Room Service – which is a necessity on a work trip. Its in a convenient location, but the walls are paper thin – so expect to hear your neighbours &amp; traffic!They scrimp a little on bathroom products. I travel to NYC a lot, and compared to other hotels, I wouldn’t stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	Terrible Location please don't stay here!	Two first time experiences with this hotel- first time I have ever written a truly awful review for a hotel and the first time I ever walked into a hotel, looked around the lobby, went to my room, and walked out of the hotel without a word to anyone. I really didnt care about the money lost. There is no way I could have stayed here.Booked online thru Quikbook. We decided to stay in NYC after being in the city for the day on business; we originally planned to take the train back to Albany but thought it might be nice to stay the night , see a show, have a few drinks, etc. and we Needed a last - minute hotel for just one night.The rates were high overall for this night, but the GEM was affordable and I THOUGHT I knew the area where it is located and THOUGHT the reviews here on TA had been pretty much ok. It was also close to Penn station, where we needed to catch a train early in the morning. So we booked.This hotel is an uncomfortable distance (in psychological terms) from the outskirts of Chelsea and the OK areas of 36th and 6,7,8th Aves in Midtown. You must cross the very busy highway (Dryers?) , it is a very, very dirty, gritty, dusty, trashy, area with little pedestrian traffic.There is no eating or drinking establishment nearby and no place to comfortably linger outside the hotel. No Duane Reades or anything like that. I was having trouble with the location, but seeing our room sealed it. I didnt bother to examine the room to see how clean, etc. , it may have been very clean but the window looked out to the boarded up window of the crumbling building next door and the room was very, very dark.I was also concerned about security- no doorman, no key card entry to the hotel OR the elevators OR the stairways. I felt so sorry for the the family with 3 children checking in behind us- international travelers, struggling to push and pull their bags thru the door with no offers of assistance, and probably no choice but to stay here for at least this one night.The hotel itself was not &quot;a dump&quot;, as in filthy dirty and bugs and stuff (at least didnt seem so from a quick glance around) but the location in the city and the neighbooring buildings and immediate area make it very undesirable.	
Sep 15 2009 	I would stay here again	I stayed at this hotel for four nights. I had booked it online via a hotel-booking-site. Pro: - Location: Close to the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Times Square, a lot of shops on/around 34th St (Macy's, main clothing brands etc.), next subway is 34th St/Penn Station with A, C, E, 1, 2, 3 - lines, so direct link to JFK airport- Rooms: Not big, but big enough, large bed with down comforters and down pillows, flatscreen TV, closet with safe, desk, chair, coffee-making-facilities, bathrobes, air-condition (can be regulated individually), windows can be opened, quiet, tight locks- Bathrooms: tub with shower, large mirror, enough towels, free shampoo and shower gel from dispensers, hairdryer- Cleanliness: I had nothing to complain about- Service: free newspaper (US Today), turn-down-service, friendly staff at the front desk- good value for NYC-hotelsCon:- Location: next subway (mentioned above) is a little walk away, can be too long when your feet are tired in the evening, you have to pass by streets which might be a little dodgy alone at night- keycard demagnetises pretty easily, had this 2 times during my stay, although I didn't do anything but keeping it in my purse, but the staff is helpful and gives you a new one after proof of identity- some of the staff are not familiar with the location, they couldn't help me when I asked if there was a supermarket around to buy some water etc.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel great location worth to stay	We were very surprised to get such a clean and newly renovated hotel in the center of Manhattan. We think it was very good value for the money we paid. Despite the room was small, but very clean, comfortable bed, TV, nice bathroom, pleasant front desk service. Everything was great! It is possible to reach most of the sightseeing objects in just a walking distance from this hotel.Maybe others have had bad experience in this hotel, but for us it was just great!	
May 31 2009 	Bedbugs in room 303	We selected this hotel because it is close to the Javits Convention Center. I was given room 303, and the entire carpet was wet and there was a musty odor. As if that wasn't bad enough, in the middle of the night I discovered bedbugs. In the morning when I complained about the rug, the manager said there had been a flood in the room. I told her about the bedbugs and she said they would have the room fumigated. I was moving into a room with two beds the next night anyway. Other than the wet rug and bedbugs, the hotel is nice despite the small rooms.	
May 29 2009 	Good budget hotel	I was actually due to stay in the Comfort Inn across the road, but on arrival was told they had over booked and were moving me to their sister hotel (The Gem) across the road.This turned out to be a really good thing. The room was recently done up and very clean. It was small, but you expect that anywhere in NYC. The bed was massive however and very comfortable.I was also able to access the free breakfast at the Comfort Inn every morning (not sure if that applies to all Gem guests?) The breakfast was basic but had everything you need to keep you filled up until lunch (self-service bagels/waffles/toast/pastries and fruit).As for location, as a single female this had been a concern before embarking on my trip. However I felt perfectly safe walking around during the day time. The area is a bit deserted, but if you come out the hotel, head along 36th until you come to 9th avenue, then head down that to 34th street you're right in the hub of midtown. It was a great location for seeing the sights.At night I always got a taxi back to the hotel, which from Time Square was only about $6. I'd probably advise couples to do the same as at night 9th and 10th avenue did not look that safe.It's not a hotel you'd stay in if you're looking for lots of luxuries or even a restaurant/gym but overall a great wee hotel for those on a budget.	
May 25 2009 	'Superb' Relaxing stay at this New York Hotel	We enjoyed out time at the Gem Hotel and New York City was just fab, the best and the weather was brilliant. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. We found our 1st room (103 i think) noisey which was located on the ground floor just behind reception. We were tired on the first night and kept waking to the ringing of the nearby reception telephone, fridge cutting in/out, rumbles under the room which may have been the nearby road tunnel, subway or hotel lift and water sounds flushing down from the floors above. It was a shame as this room had a terrace but no view. Scott from reception was very helpful and agreed that we could move on our second night which we did to the 9th floor (904) which was just fine, but we had no fridge which was not a major problem. No complaints to be made with this room. The beds were big and comfortable. The hotel location is a little away from Times Square, Theatre land etc but in my opinion it was nice to be away from this busy area. It is just a short 10-15 minute walk to Broadway and Empire State Building. The street that the hotel is located on is fine, we felt completely safe walking back late at night. The nearby restaurants were slightly chearper than Broadway and the quality was just as excellent if not better. We found a nearby Italian restaurant (Marios Trattoria 9th Av 37/38st) very good food and service, would recommend.	
May 21 2009 	After I got out of the room in the basement it was great!	Why would they put a single woman who made reservations months in advance in the only basement guest room with an unsecured window on an alley? Luckily the manager got me into a room on the 5th floor and all was well from there. My new room was clean, comfy and newly upgraded. This boutique hotel was just a few blocks from Penn Station and very affordable for the online rate I got. Not sure I'd pay the $350 I heard the desk clerk tell others. This chain of hotels always include continental breakfast so I was surprised that this one didn't but there were several diners, take away and fast food choices within a couple of blocks.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great hotel	A 10 min walk from times square this hotel is a great one.Brand new , very clean with very friendly staff , topped with an excelent location .	
Mar 3 2009 	Cant wait to return - fab location	The desk staff were very helpful answering any questions we had. The rooms were clean and compact. We had 2 double beds and not much space between them but as we were in NY we hardly spent any time in the room. Enough space to sleep. The bath room was very clean and an unexpected bonus was the mouth wash and moisturiser, the shower had shampoo and shower gel dispensers on the wall.Vending machines in the basement along with a water/ice dispenser.No breakfast available at the hotel but there is a diner on 9th and 34th - 5 min walk max.You can get trad american breakfast - from 5 - 9 $ before 10am slightly more after 10am. We also had dinner there a few times as it is 24hrs.I would like to see a mirror in the bedroom as this would allow others to get ready as the only mirror is in the bathroom.Hotel is great value for money and really is close enough for all attractions, i have stayed further down in manhatten and the accomodation was bigger (and dearer) but this hotels location is much better and central.free internet access for those who needed itCant wait to return	
Mar 1 2009 	Cheap Chic at Its Best!	This is the type of hotel that one wishes were everywhere in the world...affordable but chic at the same time. Our room had a Zen minimalism that was both refreshing and entirely practical. Will definitely be back...highly recommended.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Value Great Location	The desk staff were very helpful answering any questions we had. The rooms were clean and compact. We had 2 double beds and not much space between them but as we were in NY we hardly spent any time in the room. Enough space to sleep. The bath room was very clean and an unexpected bonus was the mouth wash and moisturiser, the shower had shampoo and shower gel dispensers on the wall.Vending machines in the basement along with a water/ice dispenser.No breakfast available at the hotel but there is a diner on 9th and 34th - 5 min walk max.You can get trad american breakfast - from 5 - 9 $ before 10am slightly more after 10am. We also had dinner there a few times as it is 24hrs.I would like to see a mirror in the bedroom as this would allow others to get ready as the only mirror is in the bathroom.Hotel is great value for money and really is close enough for all attractions, i have stayed further down in manhatten and the accomodation was bigger (and dearer) but this hotels location is much better and central.free internet access for those who needed itCant wait to return	
Jan 28 2009 	Finally a good inexpensive way to stay in Manhattan!	SUMMARY - Although the GEM Hotel is associated with the Choice Hotels chain (Quality, Comfort, Econo, etc.) this is the first time I've heard of this particular branding. They are billed as a &quot;Botique Hotel&quot; and certainly fit the bill as much as a chain can be considered a &quot;Botique&quot;.The place is very bare bones and minimal, yet very stylish and modern. They just give you the very basics of what you need and not much else, but the price reflects that. So it's hard to complain. There are 10 floors and approximately 4 small rooms/floor.It's not the kind of place I'd spend a whole week because it's rather small, has limited storage, and very few of the &quot;extras&quot; you'd need for an extended stay. But for staying a night or two in NYC when you just need a place to sleep and shower it does just fine.I forgot to take photos this time, but as of today the photos the hotel has provided on various travel websites are fairly accurate. You just have to take a close look at them to see how small the space really is and understand that the photos really show the WHOLE room. There's not much cropped out!BATHROOM: Clean, basic, and modern. It was pretty much a standard hotel sized bathroom, even though the main room was small.BEDS: Two double beds. Very comfortable, leaning towards the soft side of hotel beds. Sheets were clean and more modern/stylish than you'd find in most chain hotels. BILLING: Reserved via choicehotels.com only a few days ahead of time. The front desk had no problems getting us checked in, and the taxes/surcharges only added up to another 16% of the cost of the room itself.BREAKFAST: There is free coffee/tea in the room, but i never looked for a continental breakfast. There were vending machines in the basement with the ice/water machine.CLEANING: The room was as clean as it gets. While the building is obviously old, it seems that the entire interior is brand new.CLIMATE CONTROL: There was a brand new heater/air conditioning unit that was very quiet and easily adjustable.ELEVATORS: One main, new looking elevator in the lobby. It worked just fine and was fairly large.FRONT DESK: The front desk was helpful and competent. We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a room to be cleaned. They may have had the smallest, most basic lobby i've ever seen in my life. But if you're looking for water fountains and gold trim you're not going to get it in a hotel with sub-$200 rates!GYM: None.HOT TUB: None.INTERNET: Didn't try it. I was too busy enjoying the city.LOCATION: On the west-side on 36th very close to the corner of 10th. It's a much more sparsely populated and quiet area than most of Manhattan, as it borders on more of an industrial zone. However, it's only a few blocks to Times Square, Penn Station, and Madison Square Garden. It's a block from the entrace to the Lincoln Tunnel. It was nice to be so close to everything, yet just off the &quot;beaten path&quot; in a calmer area. There's a gas station on the corner (one of the few in Manhattan) and a few other random bodegas and restaurants nearby.NOISE: It's NYC, there's always going to be some noise, but there was nothing excessive. Lots of trucks roll down 10th avenue at night, but they mostly just blended into the background.PARKING: None. It's best to find a park &amp; ride outside the city and take a train in. Penn Station is just 2 short blocks and then 2 long blocks away.POOL: None.RECREATION: None.RESTAURANT: None, but it's New York. I'm sure you can find something to eat. For the less adventurous, I did notice a McDonald's on 10th, just a short walk from the hotel.ROOM: The room was small and there wasn't much room around the beds. I'll admit, for 3 people, it was a bit cramped. If you like your space I'd limit occupancy to 2 or find another, bigger, hotel. There was limited storage, just one small wardrobe with 2 drawers underneath, a small nightstand, alarm clock/ipod player, desk, desk chair, and flat screen TV. Again, the decor was very modern.SHUTTLE: None.STORE: None on site, a gas station on the corner, several bodegas nearby.SUPPLIES: Standard Soap, Shampoo, Conditioner, Mouthwash &amp; Towels.===== ===== =====RATING NOTE: My ratings are generally based on value vs money. Thus, sometimes a simple hotel will receive a 4 or 5, while a fancy hotel can rank a 1 or 2 if I don't feel it was worth the cost.Also, a hotel can do everything right and still only rank as a 4, unless there's something really exceptional about it.5 = Hotel gets everything right, and goes above and beyond.4 = Hotel gets everything right.3 = Hotel is acceptable value for money spent.2 = Hotel isn't worth the money spent.1 = Hotel should pay ME to stay there.	
Dec 25 2008 	Great hotel	Nice neat little hotel, rooms are a bit small, if like us, 2 women, who went to New York to shop till we drop, storage for bags is limited. The bed was comfortable, room was good standard. The only downside was the lack of tv channels. We didn't stay in all the time but when one comes back from being out all day it's good to watch a bit of tv.We arrived at night and it seemed it was far from 34th street, thought the area looked a bit seedy. We went out for something to eat after dropping our bags at 10.30pm. The area is very safe. The next morning we hit Macys at 5am and felt really safe walking to the shops. Like one reviewer said you can walk to Macy's in 10 minutesThe staff were very helpful and friendly. Easy to walk to Macy's and the area has a lovely Thai restuarant just opposite a car park. food and service were excellent and the restaurant was busy.would I stay here again, yes!	
Dec 15 2008 	Girls Weekend	The Gem Hotel is in a great location if you plan to journey uptown and downtown during your stay. There were four women in our group and had planned to stay in one room. When the front desk took one look at the large bags we had they gave us a second room at no charge. Four adults can't fit into the rooms so don't try it. There is a gas station next door where you can get a cab anytime, no problem. The rooms were small but clean. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The only thing missing from this hotel is a bar/restaurant.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great Base in Manhattan	The Gem is clean, the staff are friendly, the rooms are small but functional although the aircon was noisy by our standards (and right next to the bed). The bathroom was very clean and elevators are spacious and quick. A great spot, central enough to walk to most of Manhattan, from Central Park to the Brooklyn Bridge (via Greenwich Village). I recommend it highly for budget conscious singles and couples.	
Sep 25 2008 	It was alright.	I was only going to be in NYC for the day so I need a place to stay nearby MSG. I got to the hotel at 2pm and had to wait 45 mins to check in since my room wasn't ready. So I waited outside for a bit and the hotel needs to get rid of the carpet. It's dirty and peeling; it was disgusting.When I finally did check in, imagine my surprise when the room was located in the basement! I was not happy with that but like I said I was only staying for the day. I didn't interact with that staff that much and the ladies at the front desk was nice. I wouldn't stay here again. It's overpriced and the location was iffy.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great stay at the GEM	Booking: I prepaid through Air Canada tourism website and had no problems with check-in or out. Arrival: I walked from Port Authority Bus terminal down 9th avenue to 36th, maybe 15 min walk with my medium-size backpack. Friendly little grocery around 9th and 36ish on left-hand side, handy for juice, water, fruit.Neigbourhood cons: certainly a working neighborhood, bustling, small, noisy, dusty, gritty, few fancy stores - but as a solo middle-age female traveller, I felt very safe during the day - lots of pedestrian-car traffic, altho at night I'd probably take taxis if going to plays. Still worthwhile to walk around and get a feel for the working pulse of this area on top of the Garment district. Wished I'd taken some time to just sit in one of the litte Italian cafes on 9th but at the end of a long day just too tired. My feeling is this area will undergo gentrification eventually as the city seems to be in a frenzy of construction.Hotel: First, let me qualify that I am a city dweller used to noise so that doesn't bother me much. I look for cleanliness, sleep-worthiness, air conditioning (a must!) and easy access to sites I want to visit. With that in mind, this little place suited my needs more than perfectly and had many nice touches. Entry is back a bit from the street (I expected to see the canopy jutting out) so don't worry - it is there. Pleasant entry and lobby. Highlights: very very clean small air-conditioned bedroom (803-nil view if that matters to you) and spotless bathroom; stylish attractive minimalist black-white decor with just a splash of red, comfortable kingsize bed and simple white linens - lots of lovely squishy pillows. A quiet, cool pleasant retreat after the non-stop city bustle and heat. Flatscreen great (I want one now). Nice luxury touch were the bathrobes. A very handy iron, ice bucket, small safe - didn't use, coffee-tea maker, 2 phones &amp; clock radios. No in room tourist info, not a big deal as some of that was downstairs. The interior and exterior noise level minimal so that was no bother, altho the room fan is quite loud (you can always turn it off). Shiny-white bathroom great , showers were bliss after a day inhaling city grit; the Natura products are very nice - lots of clean towels (and how nicely presented - someone has a touch of style). A morning paper there for your reading pleasure in the morning. Staff: all very friendly and accommodating from deskfront to cleaning staff. Very pleasant to deal with.Access to sightseeing-city transport:: Excellent. I found city blocks quite short but do get a metro card, I just about died in the heat walking from The Museum of Natural History back to the hotel - way too far! Basically - I loved it, for a single it really was a delightful gem, more than exceeding my expectations. Highly recommended and I'd definitely, definitely stay there again..	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Price Great Hotel	Loved this hotel. Everything you needed in a clean, simple room. The desk staff were extremely helpful and pleasant. Parking was a little bit of a pain, but it's NYC! So close to everything. It's truly a 'Gem'.	
Aug 28 2008 	The Gem is a gem...	A great place to stay. Friendly and accommodating staff. A moderately short walk from Penn. Station/Madison Sq. Garden made it convenient. Also convenient to subway at 34th and 8th that will take you everywhere you want to go. Rooms are extremely clean and new. Overall a great deal. I plan to return on my next trip...	
Aug 1 2008	Great location friendly place!	Got a great price from Expedia -really enjoyed our stay. While the room was small (as are all of them in NY), it was a great stay. The beds and the bedding were really nice, very clean room. The staff was super friendly; we knew them all by name by the end of the week. They were very helpful.The location is great too. Short walk to Times Square. There is an awesome diner just a couple of blocks away that we ate at all the time. A nice small hotel in the big city.	
Jul 21 2008 	$$Trouble Galore - I know it's long but you don't want this to happen to you	I will start out by saying I loved our STAY at the hotel. I apologize that this was so long winded, but the details are important. I want to make sure that no one else gets treatment like we did. The hotel was wonderful, but I’m not sure it was worth all the stress it has caused. Our original plans had us staying in this hotel for 4 days, because of an amazing rate we had found through Hotels.com, and then switching to a different hotel for the remaining 5 days of our trip. Therein started the money problems. I received a letter from the Gem Hotel two weeks before our check-in date saying that the pricing we had been quoted was incorrect, and would not be honored. I of course panicked as there was no way I would be able to find another hotel anywhere near our price range on such short notice (we were staying over the 4th of July weekend). I was greatly relieved when the manager offered me a rate that was acceptable for both of us. At this time I informed the manager (Javier) that although the first day of our reservation was the 2nd we would not actually be arriving in New York until early on the 3rd, but I wanted to ensure that we would be able to check in as soon as we got to the hotel since we were traveling across the country. He said he would make a note of this and everything would be fine. Javier then informed me that he would be canceling my reservation with Hotels.com, and booking the reservation with the hotel directly in order to give me the correct rate; my refund was supposed to be in my account by the end of the week, it was not. Frantic (keep in mind we’re now 1 week away from our check-in date) I called for Javier, left several messages, and 4 days later received a returned call. Javier eased my worries by saying that he did cancel the reservation with Hotels.com, and my reservation with the hotel still stood. At this time I again reiterated that we would be checking in early on the 3rd (I was so paranoid about being stranded with no hotel) and he said that he did have this noted. He also said he would contact Hotels.com to find out about my refund, and would call me back. This first phone call was the ONLY one that Javier made to me; every other time we spoke was because I called him. The day we left for New York I still did not have my refund, but I figured since I was going directly to the hotel we could sort things out there. We got to the hotel tried to check in, and was told no, that we did not have a reservation because we did not check in on the 2nd, and there were notes that said I had to check in on the 2nd or my reservation would be canceled. After explaining everything to Vanessa, she booked our room at the promised price. The hotel itself was wonderful. The room small, but I expected that. The AC was great, loved the flat screen TV on the wall, the bed was comfy, the water pressure not so great, but I learned why on one of our tour buses. The location was perfect, we walked practically everywhere! We in fact loved it so much that we decided to stay in the hotel for the entire duration of our vacation. We made another reservation with Margarita (I’m spelling it wrong and I am so sorry on that) she quoted us the rate that was more than what we were paying for the first 4 nights, but again we loved it so much that it was worth it. When we checked in with Vanessa for the remainder of our stay, she confirmed the same rates that Margarita had given us (and kept us in the same room so we didn’t have to pack again, to unpack, thank you for that!). During all of this I had still not received my refund that had been promised by Javier, I had even spoken with him directly, he said he would call me back, and he did not, ever. Come check out day of our wonderful New York vacation, and the amount they try to charge us is $300 more than what we had been quoted. We were told that we had no choice, they had to charge the amount due, even if it was incorrect and deal with the manager directly (knowing how well this has worked out in the past, since I still do not have a refund at this time, we try to find another way) the clerk (sadly I did not get his name, but I really want to say Scott) says that if we come back to speak to the person who made the reservation something can be done at that time. So we wait, come back to the hotel to speak with the person, and she says that she can’t do anything and we have to speak to Javier. We leave, frustrated beyond belief. Our trip ended on such an unhappy note, it did not ruin it by any means, but it left a sour taste in my mouth. We get back home, Margarita calls me, tells me that Javier approved the refund of the difference of what we were told, and what we were charged, and we should see the credit by the end of the week. Friday rolls around, no refund. The following Monday we call, speak to Javier, who tries to say that he will issue the refund, but it will only be $75 because of taxes, and things. Did you ever hear of taxes being $225? For the 5 days the taxes only came out to $76! So here we are 6 weeks after the fiasco started with the incorrect rates published at hotels.com (and every other booking website available, because trust me, I checked them all before booking) and still no refund.	
Jul 14 2008	They could not have been Beter!	Loved my stay. Customer service staff was great. they reccomended places to go out, clubing and for dinner, for which they even gave us internet print outs. Rooms where cozy, clean, smelled good and no problems found. A little walk from everything, made everything close or just a 5 dollar cab ride. Definitely an good expereince for my entire group (8). We rented two rooms for a 5 day &quot;weekend&quot;. Would stay again and have recomended to all friends.	
Jun 22 2008 	Agreed better than OK...	We do not like to spend a lot for hotels, but we demand certain features, and the Gem delivered. I was worried before we arrived, but in the end we had no worries and few regrets. The staff was courteous and helpful; the rooms were small but they were clean and well maintained. The room looked almost identical to the one pictured in other reviews (we forgot our camera). The quality of the mattress, bed linens, and pillows was more than adequate. We were travelling with two other couples and made their reservations for them. We were booked into rooms 302, 402, and 502. All these were fine. We had no sound invasion from other rooms except in the bathroom, where voices from other rooms could be heard thru the ventilation system. The bath/shower was clean, worked well, had nice thick towels, complimentary toiletries. All very satisfactory.A couple items detracted - the air conditioning unit was noisy (but effective), and the location is pretty much out of the way, and near a very busy intersection that is an entrance/exit to the Lincoln Tunnel.	
May 22 2008 	small clean comfy beds	We needed a place to stay in the Soho/ Tribeca area for under $300 and this hotel did the trick. Rooms seem to have been recently updated, ours was a 2 double beds for 3 adults. Room is small, (door opens to bed) but there is desk for storage as well a pullout under the bed. (large suitcases would be tough for room). Also, there is not a &quot;closet&quot; but a mirror unit that has about 10 hangers w/in unit to hang clothes. THe beds are very comfy w/ big pillows. Room clean as well as bathroom which had shampoo, creame, mouthwash. Hotel staff friendly. Ray's pizza down the street for yummy slice. Area is convenient to area's stores for shopping &amp; dining. The word &quot;clarion&quot; is not on the building, it states &quot;the gem hotel&quot; on the outside. Also, there are steps to go up to the small reception area, but there is a 1 person ADA elavator if needed. This is perfect for a short stay and you want a clean, inexpensive (nyc prices), well located hotel. I would stay again.	
May 15 2008 	Awful Hotel!!!!!!!!!! Do Not Stay Here!!!!!!!	We stayed in The Gem Hotel in May and it was awful. We have specifically requested to be put on as high of the floor as possible, yet when we arrived we were put in the basement! We were hoping to at least have natural light in our room! We called in to check on our room weeks before and were told that our requests will be met, yet when we arrived we were extremely dissapointed. If I was looking for a place to stay in Manhattan, this would be my last choice.	
May 1 2008	nice hotel..	We stayed 2 nights in GEM and we were very pleasent when we left the hotel and New York.We were going to stay 2 nights more but the hotel was full and we had to leave New York early.It was the first time for me and my brother to visit New York and we just came across a hotel when we were looking for a good-one.The room was very clean though it was small but for two it was ideal.The bath and the beds were soooo clean.Also thanks a lot for everything to the manager of hotel,i think,Javier and to Vanessa.	
Apr 3 2008 	Overall a good hotel.	This hotel is pretty new and Choise hotels resently took it over from Howard Johnson. The Room at 10th (top) floor was modern and not to small for a city hotel. Very nice to have a fridge cofeemaker and a microwave in room! The TV was a HDTV (first hotel we been to) but the picture quality was not good even on HDTV channel so something has to be wrong.Were welcomed by two bottles of drinking water, nice but why not two bottles each day. Feels cheap...The staf is helpfull and the only thing to complain about was the cleaning, there was a shampoo bottle on the floor, next to the bed when we arived and it was where then we left and the coffee wasent replaced in three days.Free internet, yes but You need to bring a computer. Should be standard on every hotel to have a computer in the lobby for the guests to use.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great value for a cosy stylish hotel	We booked this hotel after checking the Choice Hotel website and was impressed with this little gem. The rooms are small but reasonably-sized by New York standards, we have stayed in much smaller and narrower rooms! There was obviously a lot of thought put to the design to make it a more stylish boutique hotel. It has amenities that were more suited to higher-end hotels, such as bathrobes and flat screen TVs. The rooms have soothing color schemes and large, clean bathrooms. The windows are double-paned which is a bonus. The hotel was quite quiet, although you would hear people talking out in the hallway, but fellow guests were quite respectful, so there was no trouble at all. There was free internet access in the room, which we appreciated a lot. The staff were very friendly and helpful, especially one of the managers, David, and another front desk staff, Scott.The only very small downside is the location of the the hotel, which is a little further out from the main thoroughfare, as it was closer to 10th Avenue. But it was still a quick 5 min walk to the subway and probably less than 10 minutes from Herald Square and Macy's, and Restaurant Row.We paid only about $140 per night for a queen-room, which was an absolute bargain in Manhattan. We would definitely recommend this to others.	
Feb 14 2008 	Great location staff and rooms	After a very stressful start (my friend left her handbag in the taxi) this place turned out to be worth every penny. Its a little far to the nearest subway (2 blocks or 5 mins) but right next to a garage where there are loads of taxis idling about!The room was good with a large TV, a window and a decent sized en-suite. There were lovely little touches like feather mattress toppers, duvets, pillows, cotton robes and plenty of towels. The room was about 3.5m square with two double beds (a double double) and contained 2 phones a bedside cabinet with ipod radio alarm, desk and coffee maker. Everything you need (I think it even had a data port).The staff were very helpful and supportive after the bad start. They were able to tell us the correct (rather than closest) police station to go to and let my friend use the reception phone when there were problems with the room phone. Thay also were able to recommend a good diner nearby as the hotel does not provide breakfast.I have stayed in different hotels and hostels before in New York and can honestly say that this was the best one so far.	
Jan 21 2008 	More than OK but not great	We used reward points to pay for the room so for all practicle purposes, it was free. Three nights. We were given one of the two first floor rooms, right next to the elevator and close to the desk. You could hear the phone ring all night / morning and talking in the lobby, especailly in the middle of the night. No view out the window. We are guessing that giving us that room had to do with it being a &quot;free night stay.&quot; Room was pretty clean (except the in-room fridge/freezer which was nasty) when we checked in but no tolet paper. Not a single square. Room was a bit small. We had a king sized bed with about 2 feet of space around the sides and foot of the bed. Bathroom was averaged sized.They are conveniently located if you are going to a game or a play but the street was a big scary at night. We arived on Friday night and there were several individuals hanging out in front of the church across the street. We were told it was a soup kitchen type of place. After you walked about 2 blocks and got more onto the beaten path, the scene changed a bit and you felt less isolated.Besides the location, my complaints are that our room was not made up when we got back on Sunday evening and that we did not get our wake up call the morning we had to catch our flight. Their site lists that they have a &quot;VIP/Concierge Desk&quot; and a &quot;tour desk&quot; however we could not find it. We could only get an approximate location for Madison Square Garden (about 7 or 8 blocks away) out of the girl at the desk and a map when we asked about the subway location.Don't get me wrong. I would probably stay here again with points since we used the money we saved elesewhere on our trip and we realized that we were not going to a resort however if I was paying out of my pocket, I would see what other options I had cost-wise. If you are just looking for a place to sleep and shower, this works however if you are looking for a place to hang-out, you might want to reconsider.	
Jan 14 2008 	I'd say it was pretty decent!	This hotel was pretty cheap for the area that it was in. It's about a 5-8 minute walk to the subway, I also walked relatively close to the Rockafeller Center and then Times Square was nearby. A 2 minute walk away is a lot of places to eat and a nice breakfast diner place.The street it's on though is kind of a scary one, and I was recommended not to walk alone there at night, so that kind of made things complicated... I had to taxis back all the time because I came in late and didn't want to ride the subway (which I would not recommend taking at night either). But for the price, I mean, it's decent.The room itself was rather clean. So small, but I was traveling alone so it was fine. I had 2 beds though. It would be fine for a couple, would not recommend for a family stay!!! There's only like 4 or 5 rooms per floor and I think there were 5 or 6 floors. It was very quiet. The staff was friendly and overall I'd recommend it to solo travelers, couples wanting something cheap, or like students traveling.P.S. Nice TV, there's an i-pod hookup in the clock, and the beds were super comfy~ 5 pillows on each of my beds!	
Jan 2 2008	Friendly Service 	We arrived at about 2:15, but the room would not be ready for check-in until 3pm, which is their standard check-in time. The front-desk attendant was very polite and patient, as this was the weekend before New Year's Eve and you could tell that the hotel was completely booked and very busy with travelers coming and going. When we returned at 3, he was again quick to find the available requested room by communicating with the housekeeping staff. Our room had a king-sized bed which nearly took up the whole room, but it was very clean, had a nice desk, flat-screen TV, and nice-sized bathroom with all the usual essentials. Overall, our stay was reasonable and without any complaints. The neighborhood surrounding it is somewhat limited in restaurants/nightlife, but we had no problems catching a cab or getting to the subway.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great!	My fiance and I just returned from a five night stay at The Gem. It was great. The price is very reasonable for this time of year. The room was a little on the small side and the TV only had about 32 channels but, come on... it's New York City. Is anyone ever really in their room long enough to watch TV? lol.The bed was comfy, the water was hot and the bedroom and bathroom were clean. That's all I really look for. I know the area might seem a little shady but my fiance lives in the Bronx so I've been around areas that were much worse. Not once did I feel unsafe at The Gem.There were a ton of different restaurants and fast food places within walking distance. And you're just a hop, skip and a jump away from the bustle of Times Square. The staff was always friendly and we even recieved a free paper outside of our door on Sunday morning.The basement cafe center was nice but were never up early enough to catch the breakfast. But, it was nice to have a place to heat up food and whatnot.The only thing was that a couple of days housekeeping didn't leave a spare roll of toilet paper. But, one call to the front desk and we had a new roll in minutes. But, we left our suitcases out and even left some money on the desk by mistake and nobody touched our things.Also, the safe was a little tricky to work. We never figured it out.Other than that it was wonderful hotel and we plan on staying here again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Nice hotel in a great location	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Gem Hotel in NYC. Although the room was very small, it was in a great location. We were four blocks from Macy's/Times Square. There is a soup kitchen/shelter across the street. If that bothers you, you might want to stay elsewhere. We never had any problems. They put us in a nice king size room at the back and it was very quiet. The hotel is extremely clean and upkept. We had a plasma tv, armoir and an Ipod ready radio. The bathroom was quite large and had all the toiletries you would need. The staff were the nicest I've ever found in New York. There is a subway stop around the corner so you can be anywhere in minutes. All in all, I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007	Fantastic!	The hotel was clean, in a good location, and though small, updated and modern. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was well maintained, and there was even a flat screen. For the money, I would certainly stay there again.	
Dec 6 2007	Managers attitude	The manager David( not sure of surname) was very unhelpful, obnoxoius and unpleasant to his staff.The rooms were very small for 4 people but were clean, rest of the staff were very nice, especially Ralph, Alan &amp; Vanessa	
Nov 19 2007 	Really liked my stay here	Staff was friendly - new to the city, I was given a subway line tutorial and and nice map pf Manhattan. Room was small but nicely furnished - large bed - great free standing closet and flat screen TV!Bathroom had nice space - shower was nice - very clean!Nice place to relax after a very busy day spent playing tourist!	
Nov 2 2007 	David is great! The rooms good!	Unfortunately I booked this hotel through HOTELS.COM and they screwed up my ENTIRE reservation. (Corporate rooms, 20/ALL WRONG). Even though I had confirmation before hand many times, every single one of my reservations was completely wrong upon arrival. (I was even jipped one of my rooms after paying in-advance over $40,000!)The saving grace: 1) The location to the Javits Center is INCREDIBLE2) David--front desk....who went out of his way to completely make everything better. (Including walking to the Javits Center while I was in the middle of running an event to make sure I had everything I needed!!3) The rooms/price. Very beautiful re-done lobby. 4 rooms per floor, but decent sized for New York--Times Square was a really quick walk away!!!The bad:1) A certain un-named incompetent and unsympathetic front-desk staffer2) hotels.com3) No breakfastPlease feel free to contact me for more details. I will never use hotels.com again to book group reservations! However, the Gem is a true Gem so I didn't let that effect our companies stay. Thanks David! :)	
Nov 1 2007 	Perfect for overnight stay.	Stayed there for 1 night in Oct. 2007..Hotel room is very small, however bathroom was very clean and modern. FlatScreen TV is new..Overnight parking was $35 at lot across the street. My wife was happy and she is extrememly fussy. I am just not used to the small NYC type hotel room but it was okay for one night and if you don't stay in the room much..10 minute walk to 34th street, Madision Squre Garden and Macys..A little creepy to walk back to the hotel from the theater district in the evening..Use a taxi or drive..Overall for a one night stay it is fine and recommended if you don't want a fancy 5 star hotel.	
Sep 2 2007	Off the beaten path	Got a great price from Hotwire. But too much off the beaten path for me.Location: two and half blocks from the subway on 8th Ave.If you don't mind spending money to catch a cab back at night, this place may be for you. Or if you need to save money, walk back very quickly and avoid the group of people hanging out throughout the night across the street.Enjoyed the room though. The bed, had a safe, flat screen tv, nice bath ammenities, nice sized bathroom....The night time guy at the front desk was very helpful and pleasant. The early Morning crew was seen hanging with their dates in front of the hotel. One women still managed to blurt out good morning to me. On my check out day, the guy checked me out and gave me a paper to read.	
Jul 16 2007 	Slept well at the HoJo	The Howard Johnson was a great place to stay for us because we were on a limited budget. The staff was great and VERY helpful. They helped us navigate our way through the city and gave us great advice on how to get back to the airport for our departure. Since the hotel is relatively new, the rooms were fantastic. They each had a new flatscreen tv and were decorated in modern black and white. They were small, but it's NYC... we spent the majority of our time sight seeing. We didn't care about the size of our room. The only thing we did in our room was sleep and the beds were clean and comfortable... and the rooms were quiet.The only slightly negative side to staying at this hotel was that it is located about a mile from Time's Square. If you are planning on staying out late night... you can take the subway to Time's Square and then take a $5 cab ride to the hotel. We did that to be safe. The hotel was clean and great for travelers on a budget. I would stay there again.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great hotel oké location breakfast could be better	My wife and I stayed at the Howard Johnson Midtown Manhattan from June 4th until the 10th 2007. After reading the reviews we were a little bit concerned, not too much though. When entering the hotel it felt good already and in the room all doubt was gone. It was great. The rooms are not too big, but remember, you are in Manhattan, New York. All two, three star hotels have rooms of similar size. This is not the Waldorf Astoria!BEDThe hotel is pretty new which makes all thing neat. They offer several bed sizes. Our room (#904) offered a king-size bed and four pillows. Placing them next to each other fits the width of the bed. I guess the length is 2 meters. It was a large bed, laying comfortably, making one sleep absolutely well. The spacing around the bed is not too much, just enough to get out and into the bed at the side. DESK/ TV/ PHONE/ INTERNETAt the foot of the bed a desk is located, of an appropriate size. If one would really want to work there, the space is not really comfortably, when it comes to getting seated as well as the work space at the desk itself. But occasionally will give no real problem and for just placing your stuff on the desk, it suits. A coffeemaker is located in the desk. A great flat TV is hanging on the wall above the desk and two phones are available (desk and bed). Complimentary Internet excess in the room is available (use your own laptop). It is wired and a cable long enough to sit on the bed is available from the drawer of the desk.CLOSET/ SAFE/FLAT-IRONThe closet is not big either, but more than enough for two people to put their clothes in, needed for one week. It offers two drawers, and of course a part to hang your clothes. One can put his suite case on top of the closet. A flat-iron is located in the closet, ironing boards are located in the fire escape.A safe with electronic PIN lock is complimentary and placed in the closet. It fits a laptop.A/C UNITThe airco unit can also be used as a heater. We only used it as an A/C. It switches on and off depending on the temperature. Although not having it switched on all night (and/ or day) is really great for the environment, we thought it was a bit annoying to sometimes be woken up in the middle of the night when the A/C switched on. But referring to the time before going to sleep, it must have switched on and off many times a night, so I guess the only time we really woke up, was when we already needed to go to the toilet. The window can be tilted open lateral.BATHROOMThe bathroom is of an appropriate size and large enough to have two grown-ups brushing teeth together. The holder of the toilet-paper in our room was hanging loose. We didn’t mentioned it, but after two or three days it was repaired. The shower is good, constant temperature and a firm jet.BREAKFASTAs mentioned in some other reviews the breakfast was not too great. Located in the cellar and offering several muffins, cereals, coffee, tea, orange juice and apple juice. We thought the location of the cellar was not too bad, it is not really great either. But mostly, the housekeeping staff were also responsible for keeping the breakfast in a good state. That means, they kept an eye on the amount of muffins and all, while, at another corner of the cellar, preparing the bedclothes and towels for cleaning the rooms later on. It were clean bedclothes though. The breakfast could be better and in a better place. Even though it is rare for a hotel to serve breakfast in NYC, when doing so, do it good!Coffee and tea is served all day. But one morning after breakfast, the coffee was done. And when I say done, I really mean done. No coffee available to refill the machine with. I think that is a lack of planning and bad service.LOCATIONThe hotel is a bit off the beaten track, but well enough to walk to Times Square (a little under 15 min) and Penn(sylvania) Station offering Subway and trains (10 min walk). One day we even walked to Fifth Ave and up to Central Park. The ramp of the Lincoln Tunnel makes no problem and with the window of the room closed, one doesn’t hear any annoying sounds from outside.FRIENDLYNESSWe thought the personnel were friendly and helpful. When checking in we met Alan (great guy!) who gave us a map of New York City and the subway and later that week some hints about what to see in the Big Apple. All other staff were friendly as well.SUMMARYWe loved the Howard Johnson Midtown Manhattan for its cleanliness (I have asthma so a clean hotel is very important and I had no problem in the HoJo), all was new. A bit off the beaten track may be somewhat sadly, but is no real problem. The breakfast and friendliness of the housekeeping staff (breakfast as well) could be better. This hotel is absolutely worth the money! We would definitely return.See our posted candid traveler photo’s. For questions, don’t hesitate to contact us.	
May 29 2007 	Excellent! Will definetly return.	I stayed at the Howard Johnson Midtown May 14th through the 18th. The room was delightful for a budget hotel. It had two beds, a desk, a flat TV hanging on the wall, and two phones (one cordless). It was very clean and comfy. The hotel is a little bit off the beaten path, but at night it was quiet and there were no disturbances. The subway was a short walk away (about 5 blocks or so). The staff was really nice, especially the girl at the front desk (I believe her name was Vanessa). They were really helpful and chatty. As others have said, the breakfast area isn't very nice, but it did the job. They had some muffins, some cereal, coffee, and orange juice and apple juice. Overall, for what I paid, I was really satisfied and will definetly return.	
May 22 2007	BAD place	I got jewelry stolen from the room!!!!!!!Bad customer service	
Apr 27 2007 	Stay away from this place		
Apr 18 2007 	Very satisfied		
Apr 15 2007 	cold with poor service and no promised refund		
Apr 12 2007 	Wished I picked Holiday Inn Express		
Apr 4 2007 	Put in a basement closet in NYC		
Mar 29 2007 	Good location and modern room but...		
Mar 12 2007 	gtreat		
Feb 12 2007	Very nice good location excellent price		
Feb 10 2007 	Outstanding		
Nov 15 2009 	rustig maar 's avond net iets te ver		
Sep 15 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix. Quelques points à revoir.		
Aug 21 2009 	pas de téléphone.....		
Jun 14 2009 	preiswert und sauber		
Feb 4 2009 	Molto carino!!!		
Nov 5 2008 	Super !		
Sep 16 2008 	Ohne Bedenken absolut empfehlenswert!		
May 9 2008 	Molto carino		
