	Fantastic Experience	First visit...3 nights. Great area over the terrific HighLine. State of the art design...Standard Grill excellent....you could also tell good value by the people waiting after 11.00pm.Room views fantastic.The 18th Floor Lounge is awesone...and lifts must be unique.Staff are good and all in all a great &quot;different&quot; hotel experience.	
	Best Hotel in Chelsea!!!	Excellent service---always willing to help with anything.Room was awesome---great views of Chelsea/Hudson River/Highline. Peekaboo showers opened up room. Room with King bed nice and spacious for 2 people. Loved the floor-to-ceiling windows!!! Hubby loved the huge TV mounted on the wall.Location---great esp. since Chelsea is our favorite area. Easy to find your way around.Only negative comment is I wish there was a small microwave/fridge/coffee pot. We survived without them, no big deal.	
Nov 26 2009 	A Mixed Bag	We have just returned from 4 nights in The Standard Hotel in the Meatpacking district of New York City and found this hotel to be a very mixed bag. On the positive side, meatpacking is a vibrant lively area with great restaurants and up-market shopping and The Standard is located right in the heart of this. The hotel itself is beautifully designed, rooms are a little small but typical of NYC, but there are great views across the city. We had a room on the 11th floor and from our bath we could look out across the city, taking advantage of the floor to ceiling window.The bistro and the grill were both pretty good, standard American dining but definitely worth trying. Now for the major thing to be warned about...the picturesque lounge bar on the 18th floor closes to residents at 9pm and becomes a nightclub! That means that because it is located on the top floor, the sound travels right the way down through the whole building...on the night we arrived we were woked by throbbing bass at 2am, luckily we had ear-plugs that we could use. The funny thing about the lounge/club on the top floor after 9pm is that as a guest you are not allowed to go in! So you have to put up with the noise but can't join in, it is a little silly but i am sure they are making a large amount of money by hiring the space out. If you want a drink in the bistro after 11 also be warned it is extremely busy and you may struggle to be served. We did use room service and that was good, food arrived quickly and was exactly as ordered. Staff were also friendly and helpful, so no complaints there.	
Nov 25 2009 	Will stay here again and again!!	We stayed here for 4 nights in October and the hotel is fabulous. Our room had dual views over the Hudson and The Empire State Building. The room was gorgeous, very stylish, with a very cool layout including a bathroom divided from the main bedroom by only a glass screen. The bars, cafe and restaurant downstairs just add to the vibe. Look out also for the really cool video display in the lifts! The Meat Packing area itself is so much fun with lots going on in the evenings and real gritty character during the day. Greenwich Village is also an easy walk. Whatever you do eat at Budakan restaurant just a couple of minutes from the hotel, and its also worth visiting the very moving World Trade Centre Museum nearby, and if you have time the Chelsea Market Food Tour. Loved it here and we will be back!	
Nov 25 2009 	Great view unacceptable service.	I stayed for a week at the standard at the beginning of November 09. And at the end, they lost one of my bags in the luggage room. I have been back for 3 weeks now, and except for one email telling me who would be my contact, no news whatsoever about my lost luggage. For a hotel in that category, and for 500$ a night, this is unacceptable. I have sent 2 emails that remain unanswered. So basically my conclusion is : overpriced and don't give a damn about customers...	
Nov 24 2009 	Loved The Standard!	Great location, great room, great service, great elevators and fast, great bed, great TV, great peace and quite.The shower took a bit getting used to...lolI've stayed all over NYC and I must admit that The Standard is the best so far. Very chic, not stuffy...their Grille is open until 4PM!!!!The Boom Boom room is a total scene...I don't know why people are writing bad reviews...they should have stayed at The Waldorf.	
Nov 23 2009 	Amazing hotel great place to stay	What was everyone smoking that they gave this place bad reviews? One person in a previous review seriously complained that he had to transfer the bar of soap between the room and the shower. Well, uh, last time I checked they give you a generous serving of shower gel in addition to the bar of soap.The room is very functional, I don't get why people complained about that either. The bed is SUPER SUPER comfortable. The TV is HUGE and easy to figure out. Gets lots of HD channels. The view is spectacular. The location amazing. The service top-notch. The shower with it's see-through wall is a bit strange but you get used to it. The shower is comfortable and I didn't want to leave once I was in it.The elevator is fune with its neat video art as you ride it. It was DEAD quiet at night. Didn't hear a thing other than hallway noise now and then. No street noise, no noise from other rooms. It is conveniently located, we subwayed, walked or cabbed everywhere in Manhattan with no problems.The only warning I would give is everyone here is fashionable. I don't mean they wear a suit and tie, that is the easy way to look good. I mean fashionable. As in a genuine sense of fashion and style. I thought I was good to go..boy was I wrong. For breakfast a walk to Gray Dog is worth it, and for Italian try Gradisca.So yeah, fantastic hotel, don't listen to the negative reviews. The room size was gigantic, in my opinion. I was expecting a closet and got a palace.	
Nov 23 2009 	loved this place	it looked fantastic and was fantastic. the staff were all helpful - securing dinner reservations (although we didn't love the restaurant bobo) and printing maps. the beer garden - on a beautiful fall afternoon - was a blast and the restaurant was excellent as well. the views are incredible and we didn't even have the top-of-the-line room.	
Nov 21 2009 	If you just care for a nice view...	I am currently staying at The Standard as I write this review. I was really looking forward to staying here so I didn't have any doubts when we decided to come to New York for our 7-night honeymoon, impressed by the design proposal and the massive views of The Standard Suite (room 8.23).When we booked the room, I made it clear we wanted to pay cash for our room, which it didn't seem to be a problem when I contacted the hotel. However, our problems with the service started at the check in: the person who received us was not prepared for this method of payment, uncomfortable and almost annoyed, insisting in authorizing the full amount of our stay in our credit card. We offered the cash deposit of all the money which was, to my surprise, not accepted. He really wanted the credit card... after a few times trying to authorize it (we told him again and again that we didn't have high limits available on our credit card, hey, we had just payed for our wedding!), he finally took the cash. Took too long, and it was embarrassing as there was a long line forming after us.We got sick on the first days and we had to ask for some salt, a request received with irony by the room service staff and ignored. Had to call again to finally get the salt... absurd.Then we ran out of shower gel. How come house keeping does not check something basic as replacing your shower gel? Had to call for more, took forever, and when I was just about to do my second call, waiting wrapped in a towel, it arrived. The concierge service was fine, doing reservations and giving you recommendations in the neighborhood but, as the text messages they supposedly were sending to us were not arriving to our room phone, in the end, our impression was very poor.And, speaking of phones, ours doesn't work for local calls (they are supposed to be free but we're using our cell phones - from spain - instead). Whenever we try to call, we get a &quot;please hang up&quot; message as if the phone was blocked. I didn't even bother calling to have it unblocked/fixed. I would probably have to call twice, get upset, etc. so I left it the way it is as I really don't feel like interacting with the staff.The good side? the room has impressive views and nice designed furniture. Bathtub by Philip Starck, all very nice indeed, specially if you're design oriented and really cares about this stuff, as we do. But a good hotel, those who stay on for long, is not only made by good views and design. It needs to excel in service. The next &quot;hip-place-to-be&quot; hotel is just around the corner and If I want to survive in the New York city battlefield, I would improve that aspect of my business.Def not staying again. Not worth the 600USD/night rate.	
Nov 17 2009 	A hip hotel run by teenagers	Very trendy hotel in a great location that attracts a trendy crowd. The 18thfl bar is large and has beautiful views, but you can't get in after 7:30pm or so unless you have the secret password. As a hotel guest, either go early like we did, or go to the first fl bar. Rooms are tiny with no place to put your suitcase(s). The staff were young and disorganized with check-in, following up on requests. The elevator broke down at one point. I kept wanting to see if there was an experienced adult as the mgr, but didn't find it. I recommend it just because of its uniqueness (location on High Line, glitterati bar, location in Meat Packing District. But I wouldn't make it my regular hotel when going to NYC.	
Nov 11 2009 	NYC wrapped in a single hotel!	Overall i really enjoyed my stay at the Standard. I have stayed at the Standard in LA and other hotels in NYC and am extremely impreseed with the hotels aesthetics and feel. It simplifies big city wrapped up in its giant structure. I loved the tight room and amazing bathroom features. The hotel is a little pricey but you know the quality that comes with that. Great amenities downstairs with a packed bar scene.	
Nov 9 2009 	Over-priced / poor service	I made the mistake of traveling to NYC in late September when the U.N. was in session - difficult at best to get a hotel room, and 'The Standard' took full advantage, charging (gouging, really) $500 for a night in a shoebox. Despite a guaranteed reservation and a 3:00 PM arrival, I was made to wait another hour in the bar before I could get into my room (the didnt even comp me the beer). The room could generously be described as 'austere' (or less generously as cold - for that kind of money, I'll take classic luxury, thanks). The internet service was poor, and printing ridiculously cumbersome (no business center to speak of - you print via a website to reception's small printer). Worst of all, I was roused from my bed at 8:00 AM next morning by hammering and saws - they were installing flooring in the room directly above me. When I checked out shortly thereafter, I spoke to the manager, who declined to even take anything off my bill. Very short term thinking on their part; I wonder where they'll be when the hype wears off?	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location - terrible hotel	Just stayed overnight in this hotel - what a poor experience! First, you cannot even find an entrance from the street. The lobby is small, and the elevator is dark. The room is a joke - it's tiny with so-called &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; shower - basically a shower stall next to the entrance door. The water in the shower would not stop running. There is only one soap bar in the bathroom so you need to transfer it back and forth between the bathroom and the shower. I completely agree with previous reviewes - there should be a line between function and design, and this hotel just did not get it. The bed was very low - almost on the floor ( not sure what is so trendy about it - just plain uncomfortabe). The plastic table in the room was all scratched. The closet space is enough for 1 overnight bag - nothing else would fit. Our room was a deluxe one - I cannot even imagine what a standard room looks like. The checkout is at 12 noon but after we came back from a breakfast at 11:15 AM, the key to the room was deactivated according to the hotel &quot;policy&quot; , and we had to make 2 trips up and down because the key was still not working, and the reception person could not find anything wrong with it. Buttom line - doesn't nearly worth $600 per night - I would not go back even for $199 promotion. Don't waste your money. We stayed in gansevoort during our last trips and will be going there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Never again	I have just returned from my second stay at the Standard and I will not be going backFor a British businessman in New York fast reliable internet connection is essential but as on my first visit, the IT at the Standard is at best erratic: yet again I had to get help from the in-house technician who was pleasant but only able to re-connect me after at least an hour of trying. He told me that all iPhones have to be individually connected...I didn't have time to test this but I had no internet service from my phone during my stayThe rooms are small [Queen room is much smaller than Queen corner though this is explained on the website] Very little clothes storage for one person, let alone twoThe shower floor does not drain so old soap suds float about all night unless attacked with all the towelsthe rooms are not 100% soundproofThe light switches are badly sited, the power points ditto and these are scarceI did not try the restaurant for dinner as it seems always to be full, it served a good breakfast thoughThe staff are not friendly, not helpful and appear deeply un -nterested in their 'guests'	
Nov 3 2009 	great location pooooooooooooooor service	Great place to stay if you want something hip but service is very very poor. We stayed in a corner room but the room was the size of an average shoebox. The bathroom was home depot deluxe, without bath and there wasn't really a bed, more a mattress on the ground. The service was pretty poor, room service plates which weren't picked for over 24 hours in the hallway and the annoying video animation in the elevator drives you nuts after 3 days. The location is great, the beergarten is a killer but the restaurant is o so bad. We ordered soft boiled eggs for breakfast but we had to sent them back 3 times because they forgot to boile them. The waitress said the kitchen had difficulty boiling eggs so advised us to order something else (no joke). There was a party going on in the hotel on halloween night untill 3am orso which is great if you want to have a rave in your room but a bit annoying if you want to get some sleep. For a normal hotel experience for the same price, book the Plaza or the Peninsula, if you want to be hip amongst the tourist, the Standard is the place to be!	
Oct 31 2009 	A fun friendly place to stay.	My wife and I were wrapping up a 2 week vacation by spending a weekend in New York. I decided to try out this hotel. Are we glad we did! Very friendly service; from the bellhop to the checkin staff to the room service staff; everyone was very nice, and everyone had advice about things to do in the neighborhood (which borders both Chelsea and the West Village). The hotel is very modern and very trendy, which may not be to everyone's taste. The room was great; a view of the Empire State Bldg. and surroundings. The peekaboo shower was certainly an interesting experience. Considering that rooms in New York are notoriously small, the rooms here are surprisingly spacious. In short; we loved this hotel, and would absolutely stay here again when we return to NYC.	
Oct 28 2009 	Amazing end to our NYC trip....superb hotel.	We decided on splitting our NYC trip into 2...the first, we stayed Midtown, in a somewhat disappointing The MAve. And we were oh so pleased to have made The Standard in Meatpacking our last. We spent 3 nights in this UBER trendy hotel to finish off our fab NYC visit.The area: wow....I must start by saying that the Meatpacking District is so very cool, and has a trendy, underground feel to it. It may not be THE in-area right now (Hell's Kitchen is hotting up big time), but it is still the Meatpacking district, point. Nice shops, great restaurants (we frequented Pastis more than once), the High Line park is lovely and gives a great chance to explore the area. We really enjoyed exploring on foot and walked all the way down Bleecker Street until we hit Soho for great shopping and scene. We even went so far as to walk all the way from Brooklyn Bridge up through Tribeca then Soho and up to The Standard hotel. Walk, walk, walk....staying at this hotel puts you in a great position to explore by foot.The hotel staff: All the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I have read other reviews saying that they felt the staff would barely look up and offer assistance. I personally think though that some people confuse the hotel service you would expect to find in a 5 star chain to the service one simply must expect at a trendy, boutique-esque hotel. All staff were amazing. We had room service, bellboy bags to room, assistance at the front desk on a few occasions...each and every time, without fail, we were given friendly, cool service with a smile...not fake, not over the top...just what one would expect. No robots here...just staff with personality. The hotel: ooh la la...from it's truly unique exterior to it's super trendy interior, The Standard really knows how to put on a show. The design is supercool. The bright yellow table/bench combos adorn the entrance, leading to revolving doors, bringing you into a slick, sexy lobby. Round the corner are the pitch black elevators...quit complaining that they are too dark people! It's all about design. So you know...the elevators are pitch black, you are in darkness, apart from 2 adjacent video screens with a superb, ongoing digital video collage...I seriously loved the ride up and down to our 14th floor. The screens DO provide some light, so it's not like you are fumbling around in the dark. We arrive on the 14th floor, heading down the minimal corridor to room 1414. The numbers are embossed in HUGE, vertically, on the door itself, as well as on small plates next to the door (I wonder if they had to add those because the complainers couldn't 'see' the numbers on the doors originally). We enter the room and need a moment to compose ourselves because the view just takes our breath away. We see ALL of downtown, the Hudson River, Jersey City, Madame Liberty in the distance, High Line park below. The floor to ceiling, room wide, windows are just superb. And yes...people can see into the rooms so beware, unless you like to put on a show for those down below. The room itself is also quite simply amazing. We took a Deluxe King...perfect choice, room enough to swing quite a few cats, very clever use of space and design. The bed was very, very comfortable, with the loveliest squishiest pillows I have slept on in a long time. The bath was more than big enough for the 2 of us...and if you are into that kinda thing, 3 is still not a crowd in that tub. The closet space is more than plenty for a typical weekend away in New York...we solved the suitcase 'space' issue by putting our cases in the corner of the room on a table, voila...nothing worth complaining about. The toiletries are provided by Kiss My Face...hide them daily so you keep getting more to take back home, they are lovely!The ONLY 1 downside to our room was that on Saturday night, we actually wanted an early night, but there is a bar down the road which does have an outside area belting music till the early hours. Brass Monkey I think it is called. The sound is muffled, the room insulation is very good, but still, I did use earplugs to drown out the slight noise. The issue is solved very easily...just use earplugs, or go down and join the party. This would not put me off staying at the Standard again.All in all, I highly recommend this hotel. It's all about design, cool, great atmosphere, catering to couples/singles...not families (I secretly like that fact). I will most certainly, 100% be coming back for a stay when next in New York.	
Oct 28 2009 	Yeah great but.....	Cool and trendy hotel. Very fashion and all but......the lobby was too noisy and busy in the evenings with people waiting for the restaurant. Hard to find your floor in the elevator as it is hardly illuminated for you to enjoy the videos shown on the walls. Peek-a-boo shower and beds: UNBELIEVABLE, but too expensive.....................it is great but too expensive	
Oct 26 2009 	Awesome Anniversary	My wife and I had a fantastic time at the Standard and will be back again for more fun. The staff at the Standard was very attentive and helpful from the time we arrived until our departure. We had lots of NYC plans including a U2 concert and the hotel made a great base camp. A post concert dinner at the Standard Grill was an excellent way to cap off our evening. Come to think of it, we ate breakfast, lunch and dinner there and have to say it was good food for a good value. Don't forget to go to the beer garden before you head out on the town!	
Oct 20 2009 	A great new hotel in NYC	I stayed at The Standard recently on a trip to NYC to visit a friend. I enjoyed my stay throughouly. The design of the hotel is superb - I had an amazing view! However, my room was a little small...but I guess that's you expect in NYC. I really liked the location in Meatpacking District. It's trendy party of town with a lot going on. There are a ton of great restaurants and night spots nearby that the staff is more than happy to differentiate for you and help you find. I will be going back in the future for sure.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very Cool	We found a great online only rate for a Standard Queen ($199/night).The hotel is an architectural marvel (essentially built on concrete stilts). The new High Line Park travels underneath and the neighborhood is filled with boutiques, art galleries, and restaurants.	
Oct 19 2009 	Trendy New Hotel	This brand new hotel in the Meatpacking District is stylish and trendy. Madonna was there the night before I stayed there, and they have wonderful roomy sofa's.	
Oct 14 2009 	Don't even think about it!	The new Standard Hotel in NYC was a real disappointment. No doubt the views are outstanding from each room. From mine I could see the Statue of Liberty in the distance. The bellmen are very cute and pleasant. HOWEVER....the bed was very lumpy and so uncomfortable; my room was not made up one day during my 3 day stay; the staff at the desk had lots of attitude; it is difficult to see elevator floor numbers on the panel; no suitable lamp for bedtime reading; if you crack a window for some air the street noise is very loud; car wasn't brought around despite my asking for it one hour before I checked out so then I waited another 1/2 hour; waiter at the oh so trendy Grill was rude removing plates during conversation; we couldn't find the entrance door when we first drove up to the hotel!!! My brother and his son are architects and they joined me for an evening meal. I am a designer. We appreciate the avant garde ambience of the hotel for sure......BUT....good form MUST follow function. There is a poor choice of materials (already deeply scratched black plastic tables in each room)(or cream rug on floor already showing stains) frequently and the lighting is intentionally minimal....but ya need to see your floor number in the elevator! I recommend the Gansevoort Hotel one block away. Who needs a view when you can enjoy a good night's sleep on a comfy mattress with a pleaseant staff?	
Oct 14 2009 	So Sub Standard we had to leave	Apparently there is no point in requesting a quiet room as it is not possible at the NY Standard, and to add insult to injury there seems to be a quality control problem which also means that it is a total guess as to whether things in your room will actually be working correctly (from one room to another, TV not working, truly scalding water, drapes broken, etc). Then there are issues like dirty carpets, trim falling off in room and overall low quality materials poorly installed, bathrooms designed in such a way that the shower floods the entire floor, ridiculously small closets that cannot hold more then a couple of days of clothes for two and nowhere to keep the then nec. suitcases filled with remaining clothes (and no luggage stand for it either). Aside from the views and superficial attractiveness of the property this hotel is truly lacking, they really missed the fact that form should follow function. You might not even realize what you are compromising on and to what extent unless you move to other lodging as we did, it was night and day to find ourselves in real luxury for the same price elsewhere.	
Oct 14 2009 	Sub-Standard.	This hotel looked great on the surface, good location, great views and nice amenities but once you dive deeper you'll find the appeal is only skin deep.A variety of issues meant our stay was cut short, we lost a night's sleep, a day out of our vacation and soon we were force to find a suitable hotel for the rest of our trip during a very booked week.Poor craftsmanship and maintenance meant scalding water came out of the bathtub, hot water out of the shower caused the smoke alarm to activate (with a disheartening lack of response to the alarm or our safety from the front desk) and bathroom design that causes shower water to wet the entire floor making it very slippery.Surprisingly for a newish hotel, the rugs were already filthy with stains, the weatherstripping around the wood wall feature was peeling off in the 3 rooms I was in, tiles were chipped and curtain rods broke... no insulation between rooms means you hear your neighbor moving their drapes. Hope you didn't bring a lot of clothes because there's virtually no closet space and about 3-4 hangers, make sure you get one at least with the four 8&quot;x8&quot; shelves.WC has no storage, no lock and a huge gap in the hinge side... meaning make sure there's toilet paper in there first since housekeeping doesn't replace it, and expect no privacy since the design and construction telegraphs every sound.Speaking of sound, don't stay on the &quot;Superior&quot; side if you want any rest, you'll be right above this gem of a noise maker called the &quot;Brass Monkey&quot; that's open till 4am. Yes that wonderful build quality I told you about before means you'll hear every hoot, holler and bass note that comes out of their outdoor section. You might get lucky with the noise in the &quot;Deluxe&quot; rooms further down on the other wing but don't bet on it, I could hear the racket from a 17th floor &quot;Superior&quot; room. Watch out for rooms near the elevator and ice machine, you'll hear them all night long as well.They have a restaurant and a bar but I never got to try either, we got turned away because it was booked for a private event and filled with overspill respectively. Note to hotel, tell your guests when it's booked so they don't rely on coming back for a bite.The staff tried to help but honestly, they don't have the tools to fix what's fundamentally wrong with this hotel. If you can deal with all of the headaches of this hotel, and there is A LOT OF THEM, about the only redeeming quality is the view.	
Oct 9 2009 	not good if you need to get some sleep	It was impossible to get a good night sleep at the standard: early morning hammering and drilling and vacuuming in the hall at 7 am.... Construction work going on past mid night and resumes at 7 in the morning. Constant activity loud conversations by staff in hallway by the room door - at 8 am without any consideration for the guest.Management seem to care less of the clients - of course, NYC law allows construction to begin at 7 am - at the expense of the guest's rest - just unacceptable.	
Sep 28 2009 	Setting the standard.......	First impressions are good, the hotel is constructed on massive concrete stilts so it looks quite impressive. The bell boy was quick to get to us and take our bags, and walking in to reception you realise this hotel is brand new... cutting edge design and an uber cool feel to the whole place. The elevator has got to be the best elevator i have ever been in, cannot explain here, just go in it! Got into the room and was impressed again with the design and layout, room size is not massive, however the bath certainly is! A glass wall which seperates the bathroom from the living room enables you to watch the flatscreen whilst soaking....It was dark when we arrived and we were on the 14th so an impressive nightscape of New York and the Empire state building meant it just felt wrong to close the curtains.Go downstairs and there is a very cool bar, full of smiley faces and generally very good atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone visiting NY.	
Sep 27 2009 	Ok for the price	Was excited to be staying at this new hotel. The first impression of check in and bellman were good. Arrived at my room, took off my shoes and noticed the carpet was wet. I don't mean slightly damp, but wet. I called down to receiption and was told they were 100%. They offered to bring a fan to help dry it out. I was grossed out by having to walk on wet carpet. I couldn't wear socks as they got soaked. This definately put a damper on my stay.There was no clock in the room, so had to utilize my cell phone to see the time. There were several spots on the carpet which was surpising for a new hotel and especially since I thought they had just steamed the carpets.Room service and food were very good.Bellman throughout the stay were super friendly and helpful. There was construction near my room. The noise wasn't too bad, but definately heard workers early in the morning.Street noise was at a minimum.Location was good and views (especially from the gym) were amazing.	
Sep 26 2009 	The best experience I have had in NY	The Standard was recommended to me by a friend before it even opened its front doors. I booked online- and got the most amazing rate. My first impression of the hotel was of the doorman who had a smile and a helping hand. The receptionist was efficient and helpful. And the rooms....were the best I have ever stayed in in the Big Apple- the view was typically New York. At night the hotel rocked with the hippest bar and restaurant in town, with that in mind- there was no disturbance in hte main hotel rooms at all.All in all- the best experience in NY.	
Sep 25 2009 	This was the best overall hotel experience I have had in Manhattan hands down.	Hip, classy, totally the place to stay in Manhattan right now. You will be greeted with unpretentious smiles and the best customer service (IMHO) anywhere in North America, right now. (BTW, The bellman are all handsome and have the best uniforms in the city) The food is good and a surprising value, and is delivered to your room in actual food service time - as long as it takes to cook, not an hour after you dial. The elevator must be experienced and the guest rooms are cool, uniquely designed and of course feature floor to ceiling, exhibitionist-friendly windows that are the talk of the High Line visitors. Stay, even for one night and you simply must agree.Loved the most? Everything. The least? Having to check out.	
Sep 25 2009 	Standrard is overrated	The only good thing I can say about Standard are the visitors. I met many intersting people during my stay. But most of them were saying the same. The Standard is overrated: The price for assmall room is too high, the service is bad, the aircondiotion too loud and so on. I would recommend everyone to stay at a more etablished hotel like Bowery.(where people are also interesting people, but the service and the rooms are much better)	
Sep 20 2009 	Love-Hate	We loved this hotel at the same time as it made us really mad. The tiny room (over $600 a night with taxes) was uncomfortably small for two people but definitely the best tiny room we’ve experienced. A huge window overlooking the East River, and a window between the bedroom and the bathroom helped opened the room up. However the queen bed, pushed into a corner, made sleeping uncomfortable for the inside person…and ridiculously inconvenient when it came to getting up in the middle of the night. I’d be very comfortable here by myself, but for two grow-ups it felt downright silly…not to mention utterly overpriced. That said, the bed was comfortable, the bed linens and towels great, and the lighting well thought-out. The big TV at the foot of the bed, in front of the huge window, seems gigantic in such a pint-sized room.However, design is everywhere…every little bit of this place is designed for visual interest. I especially loved the black tiles in the bathroom and WC. However, turn on the faucet in the bathroom and water cascades out of the sink soaking an unsuspecting handwasher. And try to plug in your computer and you have to either unplug the radio or a lamp, or perch awkwardly on the bed. (I consider the lack of convenient electrical outlets totally unforgiveable in a new, purpose-built hotel.) I also thought the lack of a cordless phone was very lame. To continue, the closet was so tiny that there was barely room for one day’s worth of clothes next to the thick robes and ironing board. Frankly, hotel developer Andre Balazs should know better by now.The staff was friendly and accommodating, and being in such a creative environment balances, somewhat, the annoyances. My two favorite features were the video collage in the elevators and the knitted cozies slipped over the steel stanchions outside. The location is lots of fun. The meatpacking district seems to be getting better all the time. The elevated Highline Park is a big draw. The area is full of New Yorkers but hip internationals seem to dominate. Are they the only people who can afford The Standard?	
Sep 10 2009 	Very Modern and Good Views	My boyfriend and I enjoyed our stay at The Standard over the weekend. Loved the modern decor and design of both the building itself and the rooms. Rooms are small but efficient and the beds are very comfy. If I went back I would ask for a room with a view of the Hudson though because we were given one with a view of the Highline only. The view was cool, but nothing stunning. While I can appreciate the beautiful hotel and its staff, I did feel like they were both a little pretentious.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great HotelBut.........	Great Hotel but,brunch needs a tune up sevice is slow, waiters look lost at times.The rooms are the best for 250sqft .The guest are very fun group so we had a great time.The area is the best in New York.	
Sep 4 2009	Great style location views	When planning our annual trip to New York, I wanted to get away from the midtown hotels and stay more towards Greenwich Village. We have walked around the Village numerous times,, but have always gotten lost, what with its narrow streets intersecting this way and that, without the perfect grid system of midtown streets. We also have been following the High Line project--the redevelopment of an old elevated railroad platform into a lovingly and cleverly designed landscaped walkway-- as well as the construction of the Standard Hotel straddling it. So when we discovered the Standard would be open during our planned visit, we eagerly booked there. We were able to get a good web-only rate similar to the soft opening rate the hotel initially offered.The Neighbourhood.  The hotel is located in the Meatpacking district just north of the West Village. It straddles the High Line and is quite an impressive sight, 18 stories tall. We first visited this area when the boutique Jeffrey opened on 14th St. a number of years ago . Back then the area truly did consist of mostly meatpacking facilities. A few of these still remain, but most have become designer shops, clubs, lounges and restaurants. The nightlife here is very active--weekdays and weekends we witnessed crowds at 2 am and later--people who require very little sleep and/or don't go to work until the afternoon, if at all. Over the course of our 6 day stay, we saw exactly 3 children in the area, all during daylight hours and none within the hotel itself. The hotel offers queen or king rooms only; 2 people maximum per room.The nearest subway stop is about a 5 minute walk away.The Hotel Public Rooms.There is a large outdoor seating area in front of the lobby, which is smallish but stylish, a bit retro looking. The elevators all have 2 unique video screens playing a mesmerizing continuously scrolling presentation, with music. There are several lounge spaces on the ground floor, both indoors and out, with the largest being outdoors under (and protected by) the High Line--very popular. The restaurant The Standard Grill is adjacent, also with indoor and outdoor seating. Not yet opened is the top (18th) floor lounge/club, which apparently will have pool, and is certain to be a hot spot once it opens in about a month. It will surely be a velvet rope type of place, and I would expect there may be difficulty (or at least a wait) for guests just trying to return to their rooms. Even now, over the weekend there was security at the elevators, asking for room keys and checking guest names from a list. There is a large gym on the 17th floor with fabulous views in 3 directions, including the Hudson River. There is no business center (but Wifi is free) or spa.The Guestrooms.Our web rate was for a Standard Queen, but we were upgraded to a south-facing Superior Queen, a slightly smaller room but with a better view. Apparently all the Standard rooms face north, where one gets a glimpse of the river. High Line and Empire State Building, but mostly one sees a large building being built one block north. From the south-facing rooms, there are virtually no buildings taller that the hotel, so one can clearly see Downtown, the southern tip of the High Line, much better views of the Hudson River, New Jersey and the Statue of Liberty. We were informed at check-in as well as via a letter delivered to the room that the floor-to-ceiling windows were non-reflective, so without your drapes drawn, people below can see EVERYTHING, and this apparently has been an issue, based on things we'd read online. Indeed, whenever we looked down at the High Line, there were always people staring up at the hotel.The room was not large, but I've seen smaller in New York, and things were designed to maximize space--a built-in seating area, 2 sides of the bed placed flush against the wall (the person with the stronger bladder should sleep against the wall). The colour scheme is black, white and beige. The flat screen HD TV froze a lot.The bathroom was tiled in black with a laboratory-like sink and counter fixture. The bath products were cleverly packaged. Very early TA reviews of the hotel mentioned the flooding situation involving the shower, and we bore witness to this in our room. The shower is not enclosed, with only a small glass partition between it and the sink. Only the water temperature can be controlled, not the volume (this is true of practically every hotel shower we've used for the past few years), so the water naturally flows out onto the floor, which is not sloped enough towards the drain. We learned quickly to form a dam using a towel (very large and fluffy by the way) to contain the water. Indeed, after showering, the driest place in the bathroom was in the bathtub, which was huge and open to the bedroom with shutters. The toilet was in a separate water closet.The Staff and Service.The staff was all quite young and stylish, courteous and helpful for the most part. Male staffers seem to outnumber the females. Our one exception was with an unfriendly room service attendant, but this was after midnight and he was doing double duty--taking an order on a mobile phone while delivering our order.This was a fun hotel in a fun location. It's not a 5 star place, nor does it strive to be, but it delivered on most fronts. Again, it's not a place for families with small children or friends who are not intimate with each other. or for business. Coming from Los Angeles, we think this Standard has more to offer than either of the LA Standards.	
Sep 2 2009 	The Standard really made my stay!	ABSOLUTELY loved The Standard NY. I've stayed in both the LA Standard hotels with work and thought for my trip to NY I would try the New York one: it didn't disappoint. Innovative decor (and dreamlike elevator video was entrancing) and having floor to ceiling windows was amazing for a visitor to NY.I especially loved the super deep bath with a window through to the room to watch TV after a day pounding the pavements! As I was alone for a few days in NY, it was so nice to come back to a beautiful room every night. I think I would have been rather depressed in an average hotel. Such good value for money- don't put up your prices when you get really popular!Just amazing. I would live at The Standard if I could. Modern and trendy and quirky without being pretentious- the staff were all really helpful and friendly, and knew where the great places to go are eg Vintage shopping and Frueza Brutal that I can imagine a lot of hotels wouldn't tell you about. Great location- right next to Diana Fustenberg's studio and not far from Bleaker St which I loved. Even the room service guys would stand and have a chat about your day. Food amazing at The Grill too- I remember the brioche from the LA Standard and was really chuffed to see it again!All I want to know is- where did you get the kissing dogs salt and pepper shakers- so so cute.Thanks so much, I fell in love with NY and this hotel. I can't tell you how much I enjoyed my stay and am already planning to come back and stay again with my boyfriend for my 30th Birthday next year.	
Sep 1 2009 	Super sexy we loved The Standard NY.	We don't usually go Boutique Hotel when in Manhattan, but on a friends tip, we booked a room here. We were only in the city for one night, but our stay here made the most of our short visit. With floor to ceiling windows you knew you were in NY. How great to wake up to a view of the Hudson. Definitely a sexy vibe with the wood paneling, low slung bed, exposed shower and the city looking in at you.We came in on a Red-eye a little worse for wear, but how can you not smile when you are greeted by the cute boys in the nasty little Bavarian-inspired shorts and yellow checked shirts. Everything is happier in yellow including the street level turn-style entrance. Great transition between the sidewalk and the super sleek lobby, you know you have arrived somewhere special. The staff was so helpful getting us as early a check-in as possible, they took our phone number and called as soon as a room was available. A hotel is only as good as the people working there, A+.We spent the day up at the Met, Central Park then checked out a few Galleries. Once we returned to the hotel we never had to leave again. The Meatpacking District has great restaurants, amazing shopping, the Chelsea Market, and the new Highline. We recommend enjoying a drink in the hotel lounge, the bartender is more than generous with the Vodka and there's great people watching. We missed checking out the views from the gym, next time.	
Aug 27 2009 	The Standard New York Exceeded Expectations	I traveled to New York for business for nine days. The Standard New York provided me a home away from home. The staff was everything a staff should be from housekeeping to front desk. I had other friends staying at he hotel and had equally excellent things to say about their stay. I am will be traveling to New York often and look forward to staying at the Standard New York again. I flew from New York to Las Vegas and the Standard New York was on the local news in Vegas the next morning. They were talking about what a unique place the Standard New York is. Made me miss it just a bit.	
Aug 26 2009 	Not If You Need Your Sleep	all other elements of a hotel stay are secondary to getting a good night's sleep- and that's impossible at the standard: early morning hammering and drilling ruin an otherwise well-run establishment.the truly pointless aspect of this is that the construction work rarely takes more than a couple of hours to complete- hours that could just as easily occur in the afternoon when the overseas traveller, night-owl, or holiday-taker would be much less-likely to be disturbed. yet, despite countless complaints to clueless staff and management over a multi-month stay, the hammering begins again the next morning at 8am (and is once again completed before lunch). were it not for this pointless insensitivity to the basic needs of its guests, my review of the standard would be complimentary. but mismanagement at this level borders on the criminal.	
Aug 1 2009 	magical !	Stayed with my 9 years old son for 3 nights. Very friendly and nice staffs. Location is fantastic, literally above the Highline ! If you walk around the neighborhood, you find a very cool shop unexpectedly. For snack or breakfast go to the Chelsea Market.Great architecture. I loved the lighting of the elevator lobby on the 1st floor. Fab view from bedroom .There is something magical about this hotel.Beautiful stay. Thank you, Standard:-)	
Jul 26 2009 	NYC hottest new beds	I was pretty sure that Andre Balazs' new hotel can't be disappointing (he is already a respected brand, NYC king of cool) but didn't expect that much for the less than 300$ per night. By saying that much I mean: sleek corner room with a view to trendy Meatpacking District incl. High Line, roomy bathroom stuffed with excellent Kiss My Face organic products, tasty breakfast to start the day ....just to name few. As expected Standard service is truly New York style - everything goes smooth and easy, I just love staff attitude, not to mention they all are good looking. I'm really looking back to stay at Standard asap, which is probably this September. There is no place like Standard!	
Jul 25 2009 	Sublime!!!!	Not sure how they do it, but somehow this hotel has the ultimate cool factor ....from the chic design and decorating to the gorgeous staff and breathtaking floor to ceiling views...and yet they are so nice...really nice. Everything was immaculate. The linens were so cozy I didn't want to get out of bed until Irealized I could take a shower and still see the view. My husband I lived in the city for many years and never experienced it quite like this...amazing...can't wait to go back	
Jul 20 2009 	Lots of swagga	I stayed at the Standard over the 4th weekend and travelled solo. Upon arriving at 10:30 am, I expected to just check my bags and head out for shopping. However, I was told that a room was available and allowed to check-in. (Great b/c I was a bit tired.) I also received an upgrade from a standard to a superior queen room. I knew what to expect upon arrival as I had researched the hotel before visiting. Well, many reviews got it right. The lobby is not typical and pretty cool. The hotel staff fab looking and very friendly. My room did feel like I was on a cruise ship. I don't think it was b/c it was so small but actually the design regarding the ceiling, the low furniture (very Ikea like) and closet like toilet area. I loved the floor to ceiling windows, views of the Hudson, and my peek-a-boo bathroom, AWESOME &amp; SO SEXY. If you looking for a romantic, luxurious, or even an elegant hotel, the Standard is not for you. However, the hotel is ultra cool and hip. The neighborhood was great as it had plenty of shopping and dining and the hotel is conveniently located b/w uptown and SOHO. Oh, I did dine in the Living Room area as I worked. The service was a bit slow for moment there. I had to get up and request service and a menu. But afterwards, the host was very attentive to me and he even recommended an awesome drink. I'm already planning a trip back in August. I hope I get that upgrade again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Sexy Hotel; It's a Soft Opening	It's a very sexy hotel, design-wise. The rooms, though small, or really nicely appointed. The bathroom shower was neat, with its own window overlooking the city. The people who work at the hotel were uniformly friendly, not snooty. The location is neat, right above the new high line, which is the coolest thing to happen to NYC since they redeveloped the piers. This entire neighborhood has a great vibe. I didn't try the hotel restaurant. My only complaint is that -- even though the hotel is brand new, and, in fact, still under construction on the top floors -- the room was already showing signs of a little wear and tear (broken lamp shade, and mold on the wall behind a curtain, where there must have been a leak of some kind). I would definitely stay again; but the hotel's staying power will depend on whether they invest in maintaining the rooms, in my opinion.	
Jul 16 2009 	Amazing style people location and service is the pinnacle.	In NYC on business, I usually stay at a different hotel based on where I need to be for work / events. This time, however, my business was at the Chelsea Pier athletic complex, so this was a closer option. I work in the apparel, fashion, and style markets so I'm always looking for something new and different - found it at The Standard. Beautiful and simple decor, amazing room set up and incredibly comfortable beds and room layout, it reminded me of some top tier places in Norway and Switzerland in simplicity and elegance. The staff was amazingly helpful on several occasions when I needed help. The uniforms are hip, the place is up and coming - but NO ONE that visits will be out of place, uncomfortable, or even put off by the style...it's not &quot;uber hip&quot; but very cool. The location is coming into it's own with shopping and amazing night life - the bar at the hotel was excellent for entertaining clients. We had a dessert and drinks, which were fantastic and the food looked fine. Excellent overall experience - there are likely less expensive options, but not with this location or sense of service dedication.	
Jul 14 2009 	Loved it and would go back!	The kind staff, fantastic location and appealing design make this hotel a winner. Loved the floor to ceiling windows in every room. Very expansive feel and views. Definitely would return.	
Jul 12 2009 	Enlighted skyline 	We got two rooms; 12-09 and 11-24. Both rooms had a view uptown. The rooms had offcourse a stunning view.In the close neighbourhood there are a lot of nice eateries and restaurants. We had lunch several times here.The bathtowel were big and soft, wich I like. The watertap was easy to screw a little too hard and wet your paints, but I learned that quickly. One late night we before heading out for the city we turned of all the lights in the room, grabbed 2 cold beers from the minibar. We were laying down on the bed and just watching out the window, and enjoying the awesome view of the enlighted skyline, can be recommended.I managed to forget my passport in the hotel safe. Witch I first found out in a taxi on Van Wyck-road heading for JFK. With no time to turn around I called the hotel, and they sent an employee in a taxi to JFK with my passport. Arriving just minuts before the airline stoped the check in for my flight back home to Norway. I`m so grateful for that. Talk about service : )I also put out some nice pictures of the rooms and the hotel . I`m planning a trip with my brothers and definitely want to stay here then	
Jul 12 2009 	Too much flash and no substance	I travel almost every other week and stay in a lot of hotels, and as a design and construction professional I do not believe I have ever stayed anywhere that misses the point of a hotel more than the Standard. Yes it has a great view as long as you look out to the river, just don't look down at all the trash behind the buildings below. Yes it is close to the nightlife, but that is a double edged sword as the the builder obviously cut corners on the glass selection to prevent all that noise below from interferring with your quiet time. I believe I have stressed the two good points. The rooms are so affected that I could go on and on, but some of the highlights are that the only place to use a blow dryer is in the wet room (which was the all in one bathroom). I believe most people know you shouldn't use a hair dryer standing in a wet area. At this hotel you have little choice. The toilet in a &quot;closet&quot; ont he opposite side of the hall had all the makings of a claustrophbic bowel movement. There wasn't even enough room in the the toilet room to house an additional roll of toilet paper. Better not get stuck there with the last sheet becasue the extra roll was stored in the closet across the hallway. I could go on and on, but the point is really, whoever designed this place has put way to much emphasis on being cool rather than designing an effective room. As well they have hired a staff of under 30 types with little hotel experience, and when confronted with an issue mostly just are to cool to deal with it.. If you are young and well off and don't know what a good hotel experince should really be like, this is the palce for you. Oh did I mention they missed my wake up call two days in a row. The third day the manager called me personally to insure I got it.	
Jul 12 2009 	Amazing hotel which has great sense of fun with fantastic views	I picked The Standard Hotel as it is close to my Sister's place in New York and it's directly above the new High Line Park which is an amazing new park on an old elevated railway. Being a new hotel I wasn't sure what to expect, but I have to say it is an amazing place. Most hotels have a certain atmosphere about them. You know what I mean, some scream 'business' or 'budget' or 'help i'm stuck in the 90's' but with The Standard there is none of that kind of aura. It's a place where you can be who you want to be and do what you want to do. Everything even down to the design of the rooms has a sense of fun about it (even some of the items in the Mini Bar)!My room had an amazing view down the Hudson towards The Statue of Liberty and downtown. While not being one of the biggest rooms, the clever layout and floor to ceiling glass made it seem spacious and roomy with a good sized and very comfortable bed and its own 'lounge area'. Other clever design details allow you to sit and enjoy a movie while lounging in the massive bathtub thanks to the window between the bathroom and the sleeping area. The overall design is spectacular and everything has been thought about down to the last detail. There is even a rather clever animation of 'heaven to hell' in each of the lifts. In fact I would love to have that as a screen saver for my Mac!The staff are friendly and helpful and don't pressure you. The Concierge even managed to get me a table at short notice for the newly opened and very popular Standard Grill which is superb. My sister has even gone as far as declaring it her new favorite New York restaurant! Room Service is great, efficient and very reasonably priced as is the Mini Bar and there is a great movie/tv/music choice on the generously sized flat screen TV. I also had free wi-fi which based on my stay at another NY hotel seems to be quite rare. As for downsides I don't think I could name any that I had during my stay. I had a really great time and have already recommended it to a couple of my friends. I'm looking forward to staying there next time I travel to New York!	
Jul 11 2009 	A perfect stay - every single time!!	I have stayed at the Standard Hotel at least half a dozen times, both for business and leisure since it opened. Every time, I am blown away by the great rooms, comfortable beds, amazing amenities (their organic kiss my face products are outstanding), great views, cool, but not pretentious ambiance!What makes this hotel truly exceptional, is the staff. I have been blown away by their general awesomeness, and willingness to go above and beyond. Whenever I return to the standard, I feel like I am being welcomed by friends who always look after me well. Special shout out to Jesse Davidson and Adan Maldenado - two amazing bellmen, and Jennifer Hazzard, the best concierge I have ever met!I hope that they will keep their personal touch, and amazing staff as the hotel keeps getting more popular.	
Jul 10 2009 	Exciting High Line location gorgeous views superb modern design within and without	Even though this hotel is at the tip of Manhattan, because of the transit options, everything is accessable easily. There are plenty of walkaround options in food, drink, shopping and culture. Uptown is a subway ride away - and fast.The High Line Park is not to be missed for its views and ambience and the feeling of being intimate with this glorious city.The rooms are small and beautifully designed. I was able to borrow a house computer which was very handy. It felt very luxurious and accomodating to be there.	
Jul 9 2009 	A unique hotel having amazing views fabulous location friendly 	This hotel is quite unique. Position is central &amp; close to several modes of transport &amp; has access to many interesting sightseeing venues as well as affording casual strolls along the Hudson River.Even after several days we still still found new trendy facets of this hotel.The restaurant has just opened &amp; service &amp; food is highly recommened. We loved it.All staff offer friendly &amp; efficient service.Best of all was the bed! What a comfortable mattress &amp; that was very important to us as we have bad backs. We would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fantastic NY experience enhanced by well trained eager staff	I stayed on two different occasions in June and July a combination of business and pleasure trips. I was accompanied by my wife, 11 year old daughter, mother in law and two business colleagues. The staff accomodated all sorts of requests, the Bell staff were excellent, the concierge was young and obliging. The views are unequalled. The location is perfect. The Standard Grill was perfect from day one. I am a native New Yorker living in LA and I make frequent trips to NY. This trip, plus the return trip a few days later, were both last minute and I couldn't get into my regular hotel (The Gaansvort) I shall be returning to The Standard from now on.	
Jul 9 2009 	very nice minor misses?	First of all, what you've heard about the Standard is true: The views are incredible. Right now I am looking our over the Hudson and the Highline. I can see the Statue of Liberty and the light is magic. THe outside and public areas of this building are just incredible and are the kind of things that design conscious people will go nuts for. The staff, contrary to some reviews, are really, really nice and unpretentious. They are also really on it, which cannot be said for all design hotels. The neighborhood is great as well; it's pretty much the center of hippness these days. The only misses are that if you are expecting total perfection in design and &quot;fit and finish,&quot; particularly in the rooms, you won't find it. What you will experience is sort of like the difference between furniture from West Elm and DWR. The former is cool looking, but maybe not so well built or thought out as the latter. I say this only because this place has received so much ink for the design that if you arrived thinking it would just be high end everything, it's not quite there and you'll be disappointed. That said, you'd have to be blind to miss the fact that you're staying in a landmark and one of the most unique buildings (let alone hotels) in the country. Finally, try the Standard burger, it is killer!	
Jul 8 2009 	A must	The Standard literally took my breathe away. Situated on top of the beautiful High Line in the meatpacking district the sublime desine is at home in NYC. The rooms were fantastic mid century modern and very comfortable. One cannot write about the hotel without mentioning the views! Floor to ceiling windows provide amazing views. Everything was exceptional. We already booked for next month!	
Jul 7 2009 	The Standard was the perfect complement to my 4th of July jaunt.	The Standard is hip, chic, and full of surprises. This traveler could not have been happier about the stay at the Standard, a High Line-straddling treat of a hotel. The greeting by the very comely staff was a fantastic way to begin our stay at the Standard. I had stayed at Standard Downtown in LA and expected the same level of service. It was certainly granted in spades. Our room was fantastic. The view was phenomenal. We were able to escape the masses of 4th of July fireworks gawkers in our Hudson River view room. The High Line just below provided excellent people watching, and the rooms in the hotel provided them the same, I'm sure. The linens were crisp. The bathroom products were to die for and were more than ample. Having a shower and a very deep tub was fun and functional. I have no complaints to register. I'll be very happy to stay at the Standard as soon as the need arises or fun calls.	
Jul 7 2009 	The best views in NYC	What a great hotel! Our room was upgraded from a standard queen to a superior queen, to give us stunning floor to ceiling views over the Hudson and downtown NY; the rooms also have brilliant views of the Highline, since it literally runs through the hotel. Try and ask for a room on one of the higher floors, for the best experience. The room itself may be slightly on the small side, but was plenty big enough for our 4-night stay, and was very cleverly designed - there is a cosy seating area with a table, and hidden storage for your clothes and luggage. The bed is amazingly comfy (and positioned to give you the best view of the NY skyline), and the bathroom was oozing with style (great powerful shower, and HUGE tub). Very generous sizes of Kiss my Face bubble bath, shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, body cream etc... which appeared to be restocked almost every day! (no need to bring any of your own products if you're staying here!). Sure, it could do with a few hooks to hang up your stuff while you're showering, but that's a small detail.The staff were friendly and helpful - I didn't find them snooty at all. And I actually really liked the fact that the service was generally more informal than most equivalent hotels. Yes, they're all &quot;beautiful&quot;, but then this is the Meatpacking... which leads me on to location. Ideal. More bars and restaurants at ourdoorstep than we knew what to do with in 4 days, and only 5 mns walk to the nearest subway station. We stayed there on the &quot;soft opening&quot; rates, which made it excellent value. I hope they don't put the rates up too much as I'd love to stay here again when we next come back to NY.	
Jul 6 2009 	Extraordinary View	Stayed at the Standard on July 4th in a standard suite. 180 degree views from floor to ceiling windows are extraordinary. Macy's fireworks were spectacular. I read a few of the negative reviews, but we thought that the room, hotel, and staff were great.	
Jul 3 2009 	Like a Paris efficiency apartment in a glass box open on Manhattan	Good design, great big bathtub with a view, pleasant work table with window that opens, literally, onto the city. Feels more like an apartment. Nice walking neighborhood, very friendly vibe.	
Jul 2 2009 	Decent for a short stay	The location is GREAT if you enjoy the nightlife that the meat packing district has to offer. Lobby decor is super trendy and cool. Staff was OK; nothing special. The room was enough to sleep and shower, but I definitely wouldn't have kept sane if I spent more than 2 nights there! The bed was comfortable, but practically on the floor. The TV was right in front of the bed. I would not recommend it for older people with ailments, anyone who is tall, or if you have back problems. Also, this hotel is NOT for families or shy couples. The shower has 1/2 a pane of glass separating it from the sink/vanity. Yes, the floor will get wet. The separate toilet room is definitely not for anyone who is overweight! It is a bit claustrophobic in there.The floor to ceiling windows made for an awesome view, though. This hotel is not for everyone, but decent for a short stay in the city.	
Jun 29 2009 	The nicest staff in New York	Yes, the views at the Standard are spectacular and the design is groovy and interesting. But what is really amazing is how lovely the staff is. My daughter and I felt so welcomed and cared-for by everyone from the front desk clerk to the bell-guy to the phone operator and concierge. I am not sure that we have ever gotten such good service (and with a light friendly touch by the way, not the heavy duty &quot;sir&quot; and &quot;madam&quot; kind of manner which is in it's own way a bit annoying) in a New York hotel, at any price level. The rooms were on the smaller side but the view overwhelmingly compensates for the lack of square footage. Our great stay there does make you realize that the experience of a place is completely colored by your experience of the people.	
Jun 25 2009 	Best Service 	While this hotel is the epitome of contemporary in its design its service is old-fashion hospitality. The bellman literally ran to help my colleague and I with our luggage from the taxi upon our arrival. The front desk was genuine and warm in their friendly welcome, offering information about the area and was always gracious throughout our stay whenever engaged. The concierge was fun, friendly and certainly gave us a fabulous recommendation for dinner. Later when we saw him, he followed up and was genuinely pleased we enjoyed his recommendation. Once in my lovely room I had some technical challenges with getting on the wireless network - within five minutes someone came up to my room, helped me and got me connected - all with a smile! While the staff is what impressed me so much, I will add the hotel is lovely - room was immaculate and very comfortable. The tub was amazing, and the bed very comfortable. I highly recommend the Standard.	
Jun 23 2009 	Misses the mark	The positive: The location of the hotel is fantastic and the views cannot be beat, especially from the shower/bath. Being right over the Highline is amazing too. Room was very clean, quiet and comfortable for the most part.The negative: The build quality of this hotel is not great--i think they either built too quickly or cut corners. The door didn't close properly ever b/c it seemed frame was warped--i had to slam it shut and literally kick it open several times. The hotel is brand new, this shouldn't happen. The cable went out multiple times in two days. The check out from TV didn't work when i left. When you are on the Highline and look up at the hotel, you'll see how the cement frame from floor to floor on outside has shifted in all different directions--it is not a straight line--just take a look when you are there and you'll see. The room is a little cold and uninviting. I get what they were going for, mid-century/Danish, but it somehow misses the mark and feels more like the inside of an RV with strange bolsters and railing around the room. There is a misplaced peice of furniture that is the bar that sits in the hallway; it looks like it was an afterthought and left over from a previous owner, waisting precious space. The staff, though extremely polite and friendly, are just not up to hotel staff at other established hotels--it feels like college kids are running the hotel. It could be that the property is still green and will work the kinks out, but right now, it just not there. Finally, the lobby, though trying to be cool is really unimpressive in person and too small in scale. Would I stay here again, probably not--there are better hotels near by that have a better vibe and energy than this place. Was it a bad stay, not by any means, just misses the mark.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great value for your money	Coming to NYC after 25 years was very exciting and once we arrived at the Standard we knew we were in for a treat. The staff were friendly and accommodating. We loved the design of the hotel straight away and were not disappointed when we saw our room. Frank Llyod Wright meets the Jetsons! Floor to ceiling windows provided an impressive view. The elevators are quite a trip too... The location was fine - felt safe and was within walking distance of most of what we wanted to see. We enjoyed our stay and were very happy with the Standard and it's staff.	
Jun 16 2009 	A bit dude but great sleeps	Stayed here for five nights, with my dog, who garnered far more attention than I did from the staff. For the most part, the staff was lovely, but I do concur with an earlier reviewer who referred to them as hipster. Mind you, if you are staying in the Meat Packing District, you need to buy into it and it was no surprise that the front office staff were all very attractive, young, stylish and well-coiffed. The housekeeping staff were all lovely and attractive and overly, far more friendly than some of the young front end people. Overall, the housekeeping staff was terrific! The rooms have a bit of a dorm room meets camper trailer feel to them. That said, I was paying the soft rate while they complete construction and have no complaints about that at all. The beds were very comfortable an the quality of linens was nice. I slept really well. But the white quilted blankets made me feel like I was in school and the seating area totally reminded me of camping when I was a kid. I would not be surprised if the table collapses into a bed. I do have one big complaint about this hotel. They need to seriously upgrade their product line of soaps and shampoos. They are also just a bit DUDE on that front. Spruce bubble bath? Ick! All the scents were very masculine. I'm not looking for super flowery either, but I don't want to come out of the bath smelling like a Christmas tree. The bubble bath and shower gel were a huge disappointment, especially given the massive bathtub. The packaging of all that stuff was also terrible. It looked like generic shampoos you might pick up at Walmart. They really need to upgrade that stuff, especially once they are off the soft rates and people are paying full price. The towels, however, are fantastic! Nothing like a massive bathsheet. A bathrobe would have been nice too. In general, I had a great stay and given where all my friends live, it was the perfect neighbourhood for me, but I'm not sure I would pay full price for one of these rooms. It just doesn't feel that luxurious. Clean and comfortable? Absolutely! Luxury? Not really. But perhaps that not what they are aiming for. The architecture of this building is great!	
Jun 8 2009	OMG the VIEWS!	We were delighted by our short stay at the Standard. We reserved 2 standard queen rooms. We had to beg for the reservation since normally they have a two night minimum, but when I explained this was a special occasion (our daughter's 21st birthday), they were kind enough to make an exception. We couldn't get in on the soft opening deal of $195/night, but felt the $265/a night quoted price was pretty good for NYC. We were wowed by the contemporary decor that greeted us in the lobby. I had not been to NYC in 16 years, and was quite surprised by the friendliness of the staff, not even a molecule of snootiness--warm, friendly, fun, and helpful. We were blown away when we were told BOTH rooms had been upgraded in honor of our daughter's birthday. Our daughter was given a river view room that was mind-blowing. Although all rooms have floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows with amazing views, at the foot of her bed was a panoramic view of the Hudson river that she will never forget. Even the statue of Liberty was visible. The totally full moon and fireworks display rather added to the excitement of this awesome view in the evening. For New York standards, the room was nicely sized, with a nice contemporary table, huge tub, and rainforest shower. Big fluffy towels (lots of them), and an amazingly well stocked minibar were part of the charm. Our second room (upgraded to a standard King) had a great city view showcasing the Empire State Building. The bed was so comfortable, with wonderful linens. The flat screened TV, glass-walled rain forest shower (in the middle of the room) and comfy contemporary chairs (to position for staring out the window or using at the table) were nice touches as well. The Elevators--so fun! Cartoon/animated-like displays of &quot;Wonder World&quot; (hard to describe but a must-see) were whimsical, entertaining, and unique. Clearly this hotel does not take itself overly seriously as so many NY hotels do. The staff courteously accommodated every request--supplying shaving cream and toothpaste on request, and answering all questions regarding directions, travel times, etc. Room service breakfast no longer free and restaurant not yet open, but we ordered coffee and rolls and it was extremely reasonable and prompt. The only suggestion I would make is installing black-out linings behind the drapes (the sun REALLY makes itself known in the morning), but on second thought, who has time to sleep in while visiting the Big Apple? The hip meat packing district where the hotel is located is really convenient in terms of being in a central location and very &quot;mid town buzzy&quot; and young. I highly recommend this hotel. although apparently all the views are great, if at all possible, splurge and get a room with a river view, it's spectacular and worth it for a memorable experience in New York.	
Jun 6 2009 	Alright	Stayed here for four nights in May.Rooms are very nice and the location is perfect, very close to bars, nightclubs and shopping as well as to the quaint West Village.Our room had black hairs in the bathtub that weren't removed on our second night either but upon complaining they did clean it very well.Breakfast that is being sent to the rooms while the restaurant is being build is average.Not too sure about the hipster staff who seem to be hired on looks only and appear as if though they are doing you a favour when you ask for assistance etc.	
Jun 6 2009 	Cannot Wait to Return	I stayed here at the end of May in one of the standard queen rooms on the 11th floor. Everything was perfect for me during my stay - from the friendly reception staff to the concierge guys who always left their station to hail me a cab to the gorgeous model guy who brought me my in-room complimentary breakfast. I loved the room - stunning views of the river (i could see Liberty Statue clearly) and lower Manhattan clearly visible through the floor-ceiling windows, nice comfy bed low to the floor with plenty of pillows, convenient plug outlets for my laptop and cell. The complimentary toiletries (Kiss My Face brand) were ample sized, larger than norm - face cream was 2oz.. Love, loved the deep tub. After my 13 hr flight, it was a treat to fill it and soak, with and be able to enjoy the sunset - clear view through the bedroom. I did not experience any air conditioning problems mentioned in some of the reviews here - my room maintained perfect ambient temps for me. I was neither hot nor cold. The hotel is in a great neighbourhood with lots of boutiques and restaurants. My room was directly above the Brass Monkey - their patio was packed till 3am. I felt safe walking around at night. The minibar was stocked with lots of different options for alcohol &amp; non-alcoholic drinks (bottles were not &quot;mini&quot; sized either) and snacks. The prices were really reasonable and it wasn't one of those cheesy spring-loaded fridges either. I can see that this hotel is good for singles or young/hip couples. Not kid friendly rooms or for those who don't like the modern look and decor. I wish they had low flow toilets - that was the one unit that was not modern. The bathroom should have had a waste bin and it would have been nice to have a robe.	
Jun 5 2009 	I have no words	I complained to the staff that I could not sleep at night because of the noise that going on outside. They did not do anything about it. I found that very rude but the hotel itself was very nice. Hope you get better staff.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel great location...	We spent two nights at The Standard after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. It was a great hotel; very trendy both inside and out but not at all intimidating. So different from a chain hotel in midtown. The staff also looked the part; they were helpful especially at check in - giving us a south facing room (which are a higher rate than what we had paid). The room (queen standard) was cool. A little on the small side (not much room to have two suitcases open) but the floor to ceiling views were fantastic. Clearly a lot of thought has gone into the design of the rooms. The bathroom was quite unique with a great two person bath and the views are still visible from the bath. The mini bar has a great selection and is really reasonably priced as is the room service menu. And a really comfy bed but our only problem was that the sheets were not fresh on our first night. It is a great location to explore the meatpacking district, the village and chelsea.	
May 24 2009 	Great Hotel great location	My partner and I stayed 3 nights at THE STANDARD. We really enjoyed our tastefully decorated room with a fantastic view over the meatpacking district, Hudson River and the Empire State Building in sight. The concierge and the staff in general were very friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfeast delivered each morning to our room was delicious. The location of the hotel is just perfect. There are plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs in this neighbourhood. We would return to this hotel anytime. It offers good value for an expensive city like New York.	
May 23 2009 	very small rooms poor service... fancy? overrated	The standard at this hotel is really low! very small bedrooms, beds and bathrooms... it seems to be on a boat. it is absolutely overrated, especially for the real pour service it is offered. Don't try to wait for room service... they will simply ignore you.Bad experience overall.	
May 11 2009 	Form over function	First the positives: Great location if you like youthful nightlife and/or excellent resaurants. Wonderful high-end boutiques and great window shopping. Friendly service. Gorgeous looking people everywhere. Very fair price, at least at the moment.The negatives: Really uncomfortable rooms. Engineers there pointed out some flaws in the ventilation that were impossible to correct because the architect won out over the engineers. We had to change rooms. Bathroom design is more annoying than &quot;cool&quot;. The furniture in the rooms is very uncomfortable but very &quot;modern&quot;. The staff seemingly has no training in the hotel industry. Extremely pleasant but clueless. The doormen will actually open the door for you about 20% of the time. They are otherwise discussing their next picture-shoot. I really wanted to like this place because it's new I love the area. If you are twenty-something I am sure you will love it. But if you are looking for a 4-star hotel and are over 30, you will be gravely disappointed.	
May 10 2009 	Wonderful Stay	My partner and I live in NYC but decided to stay for a night here to celebrate a birthday and get out of our usual neighborhood.Put simply we had a wonderful stay at The Standard. We stayed in a West-facing &quot;Standard Suite&quot; on a high floor. Glass walls from floor to ceiling on three sides, including the bathroom. The view is simply unforgettable and the suite design and layout was gorgeous. A big two-person bathtub, a comfortable (if squeaky) king sized bed. A two-head rain shower in the bathroom. Because of the very modern design, yes, some water does get around the bathroom etc but who cares?The AC does work with a min temp of 60F. With all shades drawn it does get a lot of sunlight so that may account for why a previous reviewer found it warm. Room service was delicious. Homemade ice cream, a tasty cheeseburger, complimentary breakfast. It was not overpriced by room service standards, either. There appears to be several bars downstairs but the hotel did not seem noisy at night. The room was very quiet.	
May 6 2009 	Perfect Anniversary Spot	First of all, the air conditioning does most definitely work (now)! Place is very cool, not just the temperature. Staff is super accomodating. Rooms are funky, views spectacular. Rates during &quot;soft opening&quot; are very reasonable. Clear shower door to bedroom is a bit unusual, but can be fun for a short visit! Great place to stay if you want to be in that area.	
May 4 2009 	Twice at the standard...	I stayed 4 nights at the Standard Hotel in Manhattan and all I can say it was just fantastic. I'd stayed 2 years ago at the Standard Hotel in Hollywood ...this is why I decided to try it in New York too.It's really great and the location in the Meatpacking is the best in Manhattan (just close to the coolest restaurants and shops...) My room (1013) had a spectacular views over Hudson river and Statue of liberty. The room was very bright and cool. This is my 9th time in Manhattan and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!	
May 3 2009 	Fantastic Views Great Value	I live in Brooklyn and wanted a night away with my husband to kick back and enjoy some of the city. We chose the Standard because of the location and the cool architecture.The Standard delivered. • The wall of floor to ceiling window was gorgeous - you literally could see the whole city when laying down in bed• super clean + new• comfy bed• The room was very large by NYC standards• Sweet complimentary breakfast brought to the door (lots of good coffee and pastries for 2)• Walking distance to all the Chelsea galleries• View of the Highline + the city can not be overstated.The staff was very nice, they upgraded us to a king room and put us on the highest floor upon request and free of charge. The decor in the lobby was a very cool retro-kitch and the glass shower in the room was super cool.The noise from the street was loud (and mind you, I live in Brooklyn), loud enough that we had to play some music to drown it out. But whatever, if The Standard spent more money to sound proof the room, I wouldn't be able to afford to stay there :-) The TV didn't work, but who could care? I'm not spending a night in a hotel to watch TV. Oh, and we stayed next to the elevator and weren't bother by the noise.Overall, a really great value and a great experience, highly recommended.	
Apr 29 2009 	incredible view NYC size roomgreat staff and hip location	the hotel is located in the hippest place in town,the hudson views were incredible and featured the statue of liberty,on sat nite the area was thronged and we had a GREAT dinner at the spice market a block away,the people watching was AWESOME as we had an outdoor seat and saw all THE BEAUTIFUL people walk by,the room was compact but functional with a small bathroom with soaking tub with a view thru the bedroom to the river,the south facing rooms have a view of downtown, the village the river and the statue,the views here are better than the city view (i think)the staff were friendly and efficent, and i an critical LOL rest.not open yet, 30 mins for Bfast delivery , overall a great experience, remember compact rooms	
Apr 24 2009 	Their AC does not work	If you want to sweat while you sleep stay here. The entire hotel lacks ventilation and the AC barely works throughout the entire hotel. Each time I called and complained that my room was too hot they sent up an &quot;engineer&quot; who did not seem to do a thing. Otherwise the hotel is great but this one problem in my view is pretty major. With the sweltering heat in NYC they are going to have some major complaints.	
Apr 21 2009 	CASUAL SLICK ARCHITECTURE AND FABULOUS ROOM SERVICE!!!	I always have been an avid fan of the standard hotel in LOS ANGELES. I was very excited when Andre Balaz open a property in NEW YORK!!!! The VIEWS are amazing, architecture is flawless, the rooms are spacious yet comfy!!!! my stay has been beyond my expectations from the hotel to the great service.The best service i had is ROOM SERVICE. The free breakfast is delicious and Alexis the room service server had a great personality and he really makes my morning easy!!! very upbeat person!!!!!!OVERALL my stay of course is rated TEN STARS!! Definitely will be coming back for my next visit!	
Apr 19 2009 	New Cool in the Meatpacking District	Though the hotel is still in 'soft' opening stage...if you are looking for a new cool place to stay, this is it! Forget the Gansevoort or Soho House...Andre's latest fits the bill. A purpose built stylish piece of architecture in its own right...you can't miss the 70's style over-the-highway design. Yellow doors on the corner with hip doormen mark your arrival. Plain entry hall with neat little bar off to the left...rooms are floor to ceiling windows with funky all in one bathrooms...stayed in two different types both were cool. The toiletries are plentiful and practical. The towels white and fluffy. The mini bar is built into a retro-new desk/bureau. Flat screen tv, free wireless and a free breakfast of coffee/pastry/juice brought to you by decidecly good looking staff any time from 6am..what's not to like. The location is perfect for the MP district. The concierge was really helpful and low key - never 'hyping or selling' the latest place - but rather, asking the right questions about what you want (noisy, dark, 'scene', etc). I loved the experience. A HUGE step above the all too knowing Gansevoort (long since sold out) or the dark and faux-hip 'W' experience (so cookie cutter!). When the rooftop bar opens it will be THE place...I just hope it doesnt lose the sense of understated cool. Restaurant wasn't open when I stayed in March, but should be an advantage for room service/dining. The view over the Hudson or the Empire State is incredible at night (and day)...so, if you want a cool NY place to stay, this is the new spot. Please Mr. B.... don't 'sell out' to the 'scene'.	
Apr 11 2009 	Anything but Standard!	Stayed at The Standard at the end of a two week holiday, on the 12th floor our room had breathtaking views, so much so, on one night we chose to return to the room to look out over the downtown skyscape - from our room we could see Lady Liberty, the Brooklyn Bridge sparkling at night and the Empire State building. Even when showering we were at the same height as the Gansevooft's roof deck! It doesnt get any better than this! The fit out is edgy, as is the architecture. On the first day we left the hotel and passed some twentysomethings on the street, I heard one of them say, &quot;Oh [--]&quot; I turned to see what he meant - he was talking about the hotel! That;s the impression you want this hotel has set the Standard of accommodation for our return to NYC!	
Apr 10 2009 	The best service EVER! And fabulous views with a free breakfast.	I'm sorry, but the service was the best I have every experienced, EVER! And trust me I have traveled to Intercontinentals, Grand Hyatts, Four Seasons, etc. The staff were unfailingly polite, helpful, and friendly. The room (we had a suite and paid $500+) was fantastic! It had views of the Hudson and the Statue of Liberty. We had 16 friends over for a party and it didn't feel crowded. Free breakfast was great and room service that I had one night (steak frites) was better than many restaurants. Oh, and free internet - one of my pet peaves with other hotels. The only minimal complaint: the cleaning staff could've done a slightly better job vacuuming. That is it!	
Apr 3 2009 	Another Amazing Stay @ The Standard!	*I have already reviewed The Standard New York once, when I stayed in February, but recently stayed once more @ The end of March &amp; had a great time! The building is architecturally beautiful &amp; I love the part of New York the hotel is situated in--! I was upgraded to a super cool room with Absolutely stunning views of the city (room 1410, Corner Deluxe Queen)---the bathroom had a fabulous free-standing tub with a fantastic waterfall shower---with great views &amp; terrific water pressure! The staff was once again super nice, including Justin, Dwayne, Stephen &amp; Kevin @ The Front Desk---all helpful, efficient, very friendly &amp; seemed focused on pleasing guests. Andrea in Room Service was also very kind! *See the pictures attached---Some are from my first stay &amp; others from the more recent one---the hotel has recently increased rates, but I paid $195 &amp; receieved an amazing up-grade, but I'm not sure if people can still snag those good rates---the rooms are still worth it &amp; the overall experience of the hotel is so different &amp; unique as compared to other hotels---once the restaurant, bars, pool, etc are open, the hotel will be even better!*Even the Mini-Bars (fairly reasonable prices, as compared to other NY hotels..) &amp; bath products are unique!! The mini-bars are packed with items &amp; the lighting is also really good in the rooms, with mood-adjusting, which I really appreciate in a hotel. *Have a GREAT time @ The hotel---It's a very unique place in a sea of trendy hotels. Safe Travels &amp; ENJOY NYC! =)PatrickNYC02 April 2009--	
Mar 29 2009 	Why bother with this hotel when there are so many other choices in NYC?	There is nothing wrong with the hotel except the rude staff. It mostly comes down from the awful manager. That's why the staff thinks it's okay with to rude to their customers as well. A really awful experience, checked out the next day. I will never return or recommend to anyone. With so many choices in New York City, why bother.	
Mar 27 2009 	Very cool but renovations are felt	Part of the hotel is still undergoing renovations, so there are some drilling and banging sounds during the day, or technicians knocking on your door in the afternoon, asking to install something, or if you dip in the bath tub overlooking a marvelous view of Manhattan, you might encounter a worker on the other side of the glass, enjoying the marvelous view of you..But none of this really spoiled our enjoyable stay. Location is simply perfect. Staff is extremely nice. Rooms are beautiful, with the floor to ceiling glass walls providing spectacular view. We had a corner room facing north-east with view of mid-town, but it seems that the south facing rooms have a better view of the Hudson.Bear in mind that the hotel still lacks many facilities - there is a lounge, but with no food, there are no fitness or spa facilities, but then the price is reduced until the full opening.Definitely a fun stay	
Mar 19 2009	Amazing Service	The best thing about this hotel was the staff in every situation they were very friendly and accommodating. If they can keep this level of service up they will really put this hotel on the map. The location of the hotel is great, although we found some cabs had a hard time getting to the front door sometimes. The old cobblestone streets, the fantastic restaurants and bars, great shopping in the area all make it a very desirable area to be in. The hotel won't be complete until the summer, but you can't hear or see any construction. I can only imagine how amazing this place will be when the restaurants and the high-line park are complete. The rooms are small and as others have noted the bathroom was our only complaint. Also make sure you don't get a room number that ends in .01, they are adjacent to the elevators and you can hear them coming up and down. The view from the room is amazing.This is a great hotel and make sure you take advantage of the soft opening prices. We will be back.	
Mar 13 2009 	The coolest hotel in NYC	Stayed at The Standard last weekend and had a fantastic time. The Building - phenomenal the way its sits over the High LineThe Location - couldn't be better for visiting Chelsea, the West Village, Tribeca and Soho.The Lobby and Reception Staff - fantastic.The Rooms - breathtaking views and cool fit out.This hotel is already hot, but once the top floor restaurant/bar/nightclub, rooftop terrace and gym open it will definately be the hippest hotel in NYC!	
Mar 9 2009 	Breathtaking views	The Room: Very stylish, well designed, really comfortable beds &amp; lovely linens. Incredible views from the glass floor to ceiling windows. The Service: Friendly, polite &amp; attentive. Nice touch that breakfast is brought to your room.The Location: The Meatpacking district is the perfect place to explore downtown. There are so many ultra-cool shops, bars and clubs. Very happening without being noisy.Overview: My husband and I are very fussy travellers, but we've given this hotel full marks for everything with good reason. We've had a wonderful time and there isn't anything we can fault. We should add that we took advantage of the 'soft launch' rate at $195 a night which is why we gave top marks for value.	
Mar 4 2009 	Hip Hotel in Meatpacking: Classy and Comfortable	Stayed at hotel for long weekend and have plenty of raves: the staff had to be hired for their looks, but they are also competent and gracious. The tiny room - ours (908) overlooked one of the last meatpacking plants, and with a bird's eye view, we watched the trucks ride off loaded with carcases. Actually, it was &quot;gritty&quot; and fascinating and somehow very urban and real. Love the floor to ceiling windows (one opens - yes!) and it's great to have a table rather than desk (free wifi). No tub in this room, or robes for that peek-a-boo shower. Definitely needs a new shower head, as water spills all over the floor. Bed and linens were as fine as any I have stayed in NYC. Free continental breakfast was a plus - take advantage of transition rates while you can. We heard no construction or water pipe noise. Oh, and the drink prices in the downstairs bar are very reasonable; DJ plays on weekends. We used subway (10 min walk) - not as convenient as midtown if you are a theater buff, but we liked the varied neighborhood shops and restaurants. With Vince and Theory and Tory Burch shops open nearby, GAP won't be far behind. Go before the scene starts to look like Soho.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Stay at The Standard	My wife and I had a wonderful stay recently at The Standard in the Meatpacking District of Manhattan. Rooms were normal NYC size, however the design seems to make the most of the space. Don't go with someone you're not too comfortable with as the shower looks out in to the living area. Pretty cool actually. The floor to ceiling windows make for a great view and I loved the 1970's-style appointments. The building itself, is an architectural masterpiece. Service was great and the staff was very friendly. Don't forget to have a drink downstairs in the Living Room Bar. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel - fantastic location - book now!	We just came back to Holland from 4 days in The Standard. We absolutely loved our stay - it was an extraordinary experience.Our room (9.20) had an amazing view on the Hudson river. We looked right at the (far away) Statue of Liberty and could even see the Brooklyn Bridge from our room. The floor to ceiling windows are really great,The rooms are small but very nice:- comfy small bed- great bathroom (albeit very wet as has been said before) with a very big tub- big screen tv (which we didnt use because we rather looked at the view)- big mini barWas everthing perfect? Well almost: if we'd have to name things, we found that there is not much space for your stuff in the room (just one closet behind a curtain) and we missed some accessories like a trash can. But really, this is nitpicking.The only thing we found a bit annoying is that when the neighbours are running the water it is so loud that we couldn't hear our own music (which nicely ran from our iPod in the iPod dock clock radio/speakerset!). For a modern building it seems odd that the pipes are not isolated.As for the hotel being under construction: we didn't notice this at all. Everything operates fine.The lobby/bar is great and the outside terrace will be great in the summer. Staff was very friendly. What else can you wish for?The neighbourhood - this is really one of the best area's in NY we think. Nice restaurants, nice shops and close to the West Village - which we also love. Great restaurant across the street from the Standard if you like Asian food: Spice Garden. Pastis was nice too. To avoid: Revel: they lure you in with a fixed price menu and then tell you they only serve it until 19.30. But even worse: service and food were bad.To get back to The Standard: subway is a 5 min walk from the hotel and it has a straight connection to JFK (AirTrain at subway stop Jamaica)Lastly the rates are very good right now as they're preview rates because they're still finishing the hotel. But despite higher rates next time: we'll surely come back here!	
Feb 15 2009 	Great Chic Hotel	We just returned from celebrating my birthday in NYC. The Standard Hotel really sets the standard for chic, comfortable and friendly hotels. We had a room with a fabulous view of the Hudson River, down to the Statue of Liberty. It's conveniently located for walking all over the city. The people were friendly and helpful. Michael showed us to our room and gave us the &quot;room tour&quot;. We had reasonably priced drinks at the lounge off the very cool lobby..We enjoyed our free Continental breakfast along with a delicious herb and goat cheese omelet that was brought to our room each morning. The bed and linens were the most comfortable of any hotel I've ever been in. This hotel is not fully opened yet but I can't wait to go back when it's completed.	
Feb 15 2009 	Fabulous New Hotel in MeatPacking!!!	Took my girlfriend to The Standard on Valentine's Day 2009 for a romantic night away from home in NJ. We pulled up to this place, and the decor from the yellow chairs outside and the yellow doors is just amazing. I had to drive around the block once because I didn't know where to leave my car, but on the second time around - got so lucky and found a spot literally right next to the door. If you are just staying over on a weekend...you are allowed to park there and I recommend it as it saved me the $55 valet charge! The bellhop was nice as can be and took our bags for us as soon as I parked. We arrived at around 3:30pm and our room was not ready yet, however they offered us each a free drink which we were glad to take. An hour later, our room still was not ready (I was starting to get a little upset) but another complimentary drink each saved that from happening!) Finally, our room was ready, just a normal queen room with an &quot;Empire View&quot; What a tremendous view of the empire state building from our floor to ceiling windows! At night it was lit up for Valentines day in white red and pink!...so romantic and so wonderful. The room was perfect. A typical smaller NYC room, however it was very roomy with the most comfortable bed I have slept in in years. There is a nice 42 inch flat screen on the wall with a nice sitting area. One thing I would say about these rooms...dont go with someone you dont know very well! (and I mean very well!) The shower is completly see through. As you sit on the bed, you can see directly into the shower through the glass - very neat if your with your girlfried/wife..not so neat if your with a co-worker!! The bathroom is private, with a door. The tub is massive-and the shower was wonderful! There is no door on the shower so the floor can get a little wet! I had flowers waiting in the room for my girlfriend, which came out perfect from the conceirge! In the morning, just a phone call away was a commplimentary breakfast-brought straight to the room. Coffee, OJ, and pastries were perfect on a Sunday morning...and I didnt have to get out of bed! Overall a WONDERFUL hotel-with extremely accomodating (and good looking) staff!! Got a construction rate of $235 for a saturday night. Not a sound or look of construction on the weekends!! Would highly recommend!!!	
Feb 8 2009	Sexy Showers at the Standard	Having visited The Standard in Miami, I've been looking forward to seeing what The Standard in NYC would offer in a town full of high-end unique hotels. The hotel is still not complete and won't be for some time, I guess, but do not be afraid to book a room in the meantime. I didn't hear or see any evidence of the construction once inside the building, which is pretty impressive. And the staff does everything it can to make your stay comfortable. I was particularly impressed with the concierge--she actually KNEW the area unlike so many other concierges who take up space behind a desk and merely recommend people to the same 2 restaurants. I was trying to figure out what to do with my afternoon and she knew where I could get a haircut, where the best art gallery was, what the exhibits were like at a small nearby museum, what spas were good, where I should get a drink and where I should get dinner all within the neighborhood and her recommendations were all spot on. Management clearly understands good staffing.That leads me to the best thing about this hotel--its location. This area is my favorite part of NYC. The restaurants and clubs are plentiful and good. And the buildings aren't so high. It's authentic NYC. And to be able to walk back to the hotel after experiencing it all is a plus for me.My room at The Standard was good, although not super unique. But absolutely no complaints. Floor to ceiling windows create the view, a well-appointed and comfortable bed make for a good night of sleeping. As others have mentioned, the shower is separated from the bedroom by floor to ceiling clear glass, which I thought was pretty damn sexy. (Too bad the shower's design seems a little off as water was pouring into the bathroom and into the living room rug. I didn't mind it but I felt bad for the housekeeping staff.) I'll definitely be heading back when it's complete to see what else it has to offer.	
Jan 17 2009 	The NY Standard is beyond FABULOUS!	Last night I stayed at the New York Standard - room 9.11 - and it was brilliant. Andre Balasz and his team really know how to put their stamp on things and create an experience that is so special. From the killer mini bar (although it is hardly mini), to the so very well thought out appointments, everything feels hand picked and just works perfectly. The bed was heavenly and the sheets were very high in thread count. The room somehow feels a bit like a cruise ship cabin and as with the other reviews, the views of New York City are by far the best I've ever experienced in a NYC hotel.The staff was incredibly accommodating and attentive...and QUICK! And I can't go on without mentioning how gorgeous the staff is! Wow. The lobby bar is really chic and sexy but is the only lounge open at this time.The hotel is only about half finished but they have made sure that you almost don't notice- they have an awesome variety of menus from restaurant in the area that deliver and the free breakfast delivered to our room within minutes of calling was delicious - scones and croissants and excellent coffee and OJ. I am anxious to see the rest of the space and excited to frequent the top floor 360 degree view bar and restaurant. And they are supposedly building a restaurant and beer garden under the Highline - too cool. Summer cannot come soon enough!I highly recommend The NY Standard - superior service. fantastic rooms. mind blowing views! Book it!	
Jan 4 2009 	Great service Nicely appointed kinks to be worked out	We went for New Year's Eve even though we live in New York as we wanted to see the inside of the hotel, and was closer to where we would be going out for the evening. We stayed in a Superior King. Service was excellent. Champagne on arrival, personally shown to our room. Although, lots of confusion about late check out next morning and staff unclear how to resolve until we spoke with the manager. Room was minimal, and quite lovely. Nice couch, table, platform bed, large TV. Lighting over bed fantastic, rest of lighting in room needed dimmers, too bright (light in common hallway terrible...bright fluorescent orange, why?). Bathroom: open shower a problem, water goes everywhere, including all over curtains which you have to use as you're a bit on display. Bed was super comfy. View amazing.	
Jan 1 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Views	Saw initial review on Curbed.com, decided to call and book room for New Years Eve, was going to a NYE event at Tenjune. Awesome rate for NYE $195 for superior queen.Check in was simple, can tell they are still working on the process, as the property has only been open for a few weeks, and is still under construction.Room was located on 8th floor, hallway lighting a little to much for me, a radiant orange glow, not really mood lighting for me but was a different approach.Immediately, when walked into room , awesome view of the hudson and downtown, floor to ceiling windows. Bathroom was to the right (sink, soaking tube and shower), I tripped going into the bathroom, floor raised with glossy black tiles. A little to modern for my taste but unique. Bed faced windows and TV was on a stand directly in front of the bed, and a small sitting area with a table and bench seating across the wall. Again awesome view from bed, but close shade at night, the sun this morning was blinding.One thing about this particular room , do not stay with someone whom you do not intimately, as the shower/bathing area is completely open to the bed area. You can jump into the tub from the bed, as there is just a open frame behind the bed directly into the tub.Only issue I had with my room was the shower, upon showering, the floor was apparently not graded properly and the water was flowing into the common area, when it should have gone down the drain in the floor. I had to use the majority of the towels to soak up the water on the floor in front of the sink. To the hotels credit, we received a $50 credit from the hotel.Forgot to mention the toilet was in a small enclosure (with a door with a mirror) to the left as you walk into the room.Overall, a nice hotel, nice staff, awesome view, and for the cost on a holiday in NYC a great stay.Time will tell when the hotel is &quot;complete&quot; how the Standard do in the city.	
Aug 28 2009 	magnifico hotel		
