Nov 17 2009 	Nice hotel - good value for your money	I stayed here for 1 night over the weekend during a business trip. First time I stayed over in NY, and picked this hotel as I got a good deal on the price (&gt;200 dollar).Hotel service was nice (umbrella for loan, friendly staff...) and gave me a comfortable feeling upon check-in. The location of the hotel was not perfect, but close to a subway and I really did not ask for more. The room and general areas in teh hotel are clean and modern, views outside of the window are not great, but for an overnight stay, I really did not need/want to pay for a prime location. I did not use the restaurant/bar of teh hotel, so no opinion on the quality/ambiance. Overall I would recommend this hotel to other business travellers.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location good value hotel	Joined my husband on a business trip. Was not expecting much except a great location. I was pleasantly surprised. New rooms with an industrial urban feel which fits in with the surroundings. Very small rooms/bathrooms but definitely well appointed. No valet parking which was a pain. Location is perfect. Walked to Mas in village for dinner. In the morning walked down the Hudson to Battery Park. Beautiful morning! A lot of revitalization going on. If your on a budget this a great hotel!	
Nov 5 2009 	Best Hotel Experience I've Had In NYC So Far...	I loved this hotel. We arrived really early in the morning (6am), and the front desk and bell staff were so helpful and accommodating with storing our bags, assigning us a room and acclimating us with our surroundings. This hotel was the perfect location between Soho and Greenwich Village, close to subways, easy to hail cabs, etc. We were able to get to know staff around the clock, and all were so friendly and helpful - it felt like we were staying with family! We even got hugs as we were leaving! I will definitely recommend this hotel again and we hope to see you soon! Oh, and I was hesitant about the room size at first (there was 4 of us staying in one room), but it was layed out so well, that it made getting ready for a night out effortless. Love you guys!	
Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful hotel great location very friendly helpful staff!!	My husband and I spent a week in NY and could not have been happier with this hotel. We arrived earlier than the check in time but they were able to hold our bags and get a room ready for us much earlier than we expected. We got a great room over looking the Empire State building and it was clean and comfortable. The staff always greeted us with a smile and was very helpful with any questions we might have. It made our visit to NY a great one and we will definitley come back and stay at this hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	More botique feel than chain.	I was a bit hesitant to book at this location the first time I was in NYC, but on my second trip there I knew the area fairly well so I went for it. And it was MUCH better than the other Sheraton property we stayed in by Midtown by a large margin. Having taken the redeye, I was expecting to drop my bags off and roam the streets until check-in, but as luck would have it a room was available so I was able to take a short nap, shower and then head out into the city. I'm sure this is a your mileage may vary sort of situation, but it was nonetheless a great start. The staff at check-in was excellent.The rooms well appointed and fairly new. The bathroom resembled something you'd see more in a higher star establishment. The best part by far was the shower! Can you say pressure? It was like a fire hose. The bed was comfortable and overall the room felt very clean. There is also free wi-fi throughout the hotel.Each time I had a question for the front desk staff, I was greeted with a friendly smile and a very authentic desire to help me out with advice and information.On my last morning there I decided to eat in the hotel restaurant and the food was pretty good. The service was excellent and the host that was there that morning was fantastic.I forgot to mention the location. It's sort of on the edge of Soho so you did need to walk a little bit to get to the center, but there's lots to do around a couple of blocks. You also just need to walk about 4 blocks to get to Prince Street and eventually Broadway. So you essentially have the ability to get to 3 different main subway lines fairly quickly.I'll definitely stay here again on my next trip.	
Oct 23 2009 	Exceeded expectations	I was worried about the location of this hotel after I booked it. Turned out to be a great location - only 2 blocks from subway and close to several restaurants. The service was great, the rooms were super clean and comfortable - a tad small but everything we needed - especially the starbucks coffee. We were traveling with teenage girls who LOVED their room on the 15th floor. Our room was on the 21st floor with a view looking south. I had read other reviews saying the desk staff was not very accommodating and the elevators take forever. We experienced exactly the opposite. We would stay here again. It's nice not to be in the middle of all the crowds in Times Square and using the subway was quick and easy.	
Oct 23 2009 	Met all expectaions and then some	I traveled Oct. 16-19 with 7 other friends/coworkers to New York City. I had checked prices on hotels for 6 months prior to the trip and found that this was the best deal, and the pictures looked great. We were very pleased to find that the pictures were acurate, The rooms were clean and beautifully decorated. There were no complaints on the hotel what so ever.What stood out the most with the Four Point/Soho is the incredible staff. They were friendly and helpful and went out of thier way to make our stay more enjoyable. During the 4 days we were there we met many different employees, and they all were wonderful.I will stay here again when i go back and I recommend it for anyone else.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheerful staff @ new hotel	For this business trip, which I extended with my personal Starpoints, I required a complicated series of reservations, because the reservations also involved other business travelers in additional room(s). The staff at the Four Point SoHo helped me through it all, even when I asked for changes to the reservations. I guess I should not have been surprised that several of the front desk staff seemed to know who I was when I checked-in -- but I am surprised that they seemed happy to see I made it to their hotel, in spite of my complicated series of reservations, changes, and use of Starpoints. Five stars for the staff, especially the ever-cheerful Emely.The hotel itself is attractive inside and out, and was only one-year-old when we stayed there. The basement gymn was completely empty both times I visited it in early mornings. Except for the 20 or 21st floors, each floor has just 8 rooms -- four facing the street, four facing the alley. From inside my room I did not hear the neighbor in the adjacent room(s) -- good sound insulation.Tip for people who sleep with an open window: Ask for a room facing the alley (south). The rooms facing the alley are much quieter (because the taxi drivers, who honk all night long on are driving south on nearby 7th Avenue, away from the south-facing rooms) and the view facing south is MUCH more interesting than the buildings across from the hotel's Charlton Street entrance.Even though the first two blocks near the Four Points SoHo are largely boring office buildings, the next blocks are amazing. We picked the Four Points SoHo because it had the best rate, allowed for extra days with Starpoints and was within easy walking distance of NYU, where we attended a conference. The walk each day was wonderful, because SoHo and Greenwich Village have beautiful buildings and neighborhoods. Also, we came visiting Manhattan from small cities, but these neighborhoods -- and everywhere we traveled in Manhattan and Brooklyn -- felt completely safe. I was impressed.	
Oct 18 2009 	Excellent hotel in an excellent location	Stayed here for 4 nights with my wife. The staff was so friendly and helpful (particularly Alex), the rooms are small, but plenty of room.....super clean and brand new. Housekeeping did an amazing job. The best part of this hotel is the proximity to the Houston St. Subway Station less than a block away. Bleeker St., Spring St. are loaded with restaurants and shopping and are only a few minute walk for the hotel. I would stay here again 100% for sure.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great location friendly staff and nice room	My wife and I stayed here in September 2009 for two nights. We paid a little more for a room with a bigger bed.We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room considering that it's New York. It looked like it had just been decorated and was well appointed. The bed was very comfortable.Our room came with a coffee machine, a safe, ice bucket and robes. There is a small gym in the basement and also a small bar near reception. There is a small business centre with a couple of PCs that was useful for checking in for flights and printing train tickets. I'm pretty sure that there was free wi-fi too.All of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful from those on check in to the cleaners. Any request was dealt with promptly.The location here is fantastic. You are a short stroll from Greenwich Village but not in the middle of the melee, and are near both the 123 (red) and ACE (blue) subway lines. We came in from JFK by taxi and it would have been easier to get the subway to Spring St - it is literally just round the corner. We didn't eat at the hotel as there was a great deli open on the corner of the street - although this was only open on weekdays.We had a great stay here with the only downside being that we felt the cost of the room was a bit high. It's the first hotel we've stayed in at New York that we'd go back to though and we've been quite a few times.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location decent room some quirks	I have stayed in the Four Points Soho for several weeks. The best part about it is the location near the West Village and walking distance (well about 20 minutes) from downtown. The front desk and bar staff is friendly. Rooms are modern but small. No suites for platinum members, no lounge, and the gym is minimal. However for those looking for a value hotel walking distance from the village (and you can't afford the W Union Square), the four points is a great option.	
Oct 5 2009 	Cozy wonderful hotel with - WOW - location	Set just a few minutes walk from Bleeker street, this hotel is perfectly situated for seeing the SoHo and Village. Great shopping and eateries in the area, Chinatown not too far away, and a few subway stops in the area make this a great place to stay. Room was small, but very, very comfortable.One negative - breakfast was over-rated and over-priced. Get out of the hotel and knosh on a bagel or egg-n-cheese sandwich from the local bodega! There are many, many food options, get out of the hotel!	
Oct 1 2009 	Amazing hotel stay here!	We stayed here in room 1806. It was Amazing. We had a view of the Empire State Building, free Wifi, massive comfortable bed - my wife wanted to take it back to London with us! It;s just around the corner from Prince and Spring Streets, a really short walk to Greenwich village, it was a perfect base to explore Manhattan, we would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 21 2009 	A perfect fit for our vacation	I scoured long and hard looking for a decent Manhattan hotel under $200 a night. Lo and behold, on Travelocity only, the 4 Points had a deal for $164 a night. It couldn't have worked out better. The hotel is less than a year old, so everything is still new. You are 4 blocks from the shops and restaurants in SoHo, and 1 block from the 1 Line subway. We caught a broadway show in Times Square, and it was barely 15 minutes straight up the subway and we were right there. 5 minutes further up the line and you're at the corner of Central Park. Another highlight of the location was walking 3 blocks west and you're right on the Hudson. It's about a 30 minute stroll down the sidewalk and you're in Battery Park and the Financial district. I'm sure you could spend more money and get a little more space, but we're all about spending our money on shopping and restaurants. Oh, and the A.C. in our room was great. You can have the fan only on, and it provides a nice hum to sleep too, drowning out the outside horns and sirens you hear anywhere in the city.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great hotel quiet 	We've stayed here a few days mid September. Great hotel in Soho area, and very close (5-10 min walk) to meatpacking district &amp; Greenwich.- Free wireless internet is just great!- Starbucks coffee in the hotel room- comfartable beds- hotel safe (free)- great staff (they fixed our shower immediately)- ...	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Soho-NYC	It was the first time that i chose a hotel in soho to stay in NYC, and it turned a very pleasant surprise. The hotel is brand new, very well located, clean and affordable. The rooms are not so tiny, the bathrooms are classic and good tasting.U can walk to the subway, to the most interesting atracttions in soho and village and u are 5 blocks from Bleecker Street. Perfect.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great place to stay in new york	Went there in September for the second time, the first being in April 09 service is laid back and friendly, stayed on the top floor overlooking the Finacial District great view. Still could hear the traffic on 7th ave but it was ok. Room was small ish but clean and tidy great shower and free wireless internet. Great location for resturants around soho, meatpacking district and 7th ave all within walking distance. The hotel bar is small but is ok you can sit outside when its warm. For us it was a great spot away from the touristy area's. We stayed there for 8 nights, well worth it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Several Minor Issues	This place appears to be a trendy, boutique-like hotel with the Sheraton name. In general, I would describe my stay as only &quot;OK&quot; as we did have several minor issues. For example, housekeeping service was inconsistent. When we arrived, there was no shampoo in the bathroom. (We were able to get some from the reception desk downstairs). On the second day, we did not receive our free bottle of water. There were signs of mildew at the bottom of our shower stall. You could also tell that the carpet area by the front doorway had not been vacuumed recently based on the dust collection.Other complaints about the room: There were at least mosquitos living in the room and unfortunately, I got bitten by one of them. The air conditioner was loud and noisy. The pillows had no more fluff in them.On the positive side, there was free wifi, the hotel was located near a subway station. (Note that it is on the edge of Soho - not in the middle of the neighbourhood).I would probably try another hotel first before coming back to this one.	
Aug 24 2009 	A well-run service-oriented 3-star	Recently opened hotel, I keep coming back here for the good pricing, clean rooms, very comfy beds, fast free Wi-Fi and a locations that, although in an upcoming area that's currently still quite industial, is steps away from SoHo and the Village -- and for an excellent frequent guest program. In my 10+ stays here I have not encountered any problems, and the staff has ranged from being good to excellent.P.S. a major design flaw is that the bathroom ventilation is not in the shower, so that area can stay moist; I have spotted some beginnings of mildew in one shower!	
Aug 22 2009 	Pleasant and enjoyable stay	Stayed for 3 nights at an agreeable rate (buy 2 nights, get one free). Had a front room. The room was clean and tidy, the location was great, only a few blocks from most of the action. Really had a pleasant stay. The front desk staff were pleasant and courteous and always said hello / goodbye etc when arriving and leaving. Felt really at home. Would stay again.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very nice stay at the Four Points SoHo	The Four Points SoHo is clean, nice, reasonably priced, and has an awesome location. The fun areas of SoHo and Greenwich Village are a 5 minute walk outside your door, and there are two subway stations within a short walk (one is right by the hotel). It's also nice that they have a bar and some tables and chairs outside in front of the hotel under cover -- that was nice, especially on a rainy night. We will definitely stay here again! The only hitch -- I agree with one of the other reviews -- the air conditioning was a bit noisy.	
Aug 3 2009 	good experience	it was good.. staff was good,.hotel was clean, location was awesome and the food was really good.need a bigger bathroom	
Aug 3 2009 	Great room great service great location can't go wrong	After MUCH searching I found Four Points Soho. It's easy to be concerned when reading the negative comments, but I can't see how someone could be dissatisfied with this hotel. The staff were friendly at all shifts and very accomodating. The room was perfect (good size - I assumed that the room was going to be extra small b/c it was in NYC). It was one of the very few hotels that had two double beds, which I need b/c there were three of us on the girls' weekend. And it was truly a few blocks from Soho. This will definitely be my default hotel whenever I go to NYC for the weekend.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good Room Great Location	Friendly staff that provided great dining recommendation (try a Thai spot called Peep). Room was nice, clean, comfortable although view wasn't great. Shower pressure was awesome. Only one working elevator when I stayed and the ice maker is in the basement. Easily accessible from a few subway stops. Just a few short blocks away from SoHo action; saw Mike Meyers in fact!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great hotel great location	Loved this hotel. Great location in Soho. Close to subway. Good shopping and restaurants close by. Great price for clean, modern room. Would definitely stay again.	
Jul 24 2009 	very good hotel: comfortable clean and affordable.	We spent 2 nights in the hotel and liked it very much. The rooms are small and full and there's little place for bags and suitcases (we were 4 of us), BUT we were in NYC (!!!) We only came to the room for taking a shower and sleeping. Perfect!! Everything what we needed was there and working: beds are comfortable; shower is strong and there's hot water all the time; TV, phone, AC. We had a room to the street, but it was no problem at all; the room was not noisy. The next subway is one street away and there are some restaurants, cafes, around. The reception personal was very friendly and helpful. We didn't eat there, therefore no comments about food. They have w-lan in room and also some free computers in the lobby. And a small fitness room (which we didn't use). All together, we will come back to this hotel next time in NYC (if we get the same deal or better)	
Jul 19 2009 	nice staff poor neighborhood noisy room and AC	Ok, people at front desk are nice, hotel is clean. That's already great! But, the AC is horrible, makes you wake up during the night when it's on auto mode, but if it's turned off, you can hear the traffic outside...make your choice. If you're a spg gold or more, never expect to get your upgrade, too small hotel and only two suites. More, it's difficult to get your 4PM check -out because they seems to be sold out mst of the time.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good Time - Nice Location - Decent Price	As the title says, we had a good time exploring the city using this hotel as our base. The price was decent considering NYC, just about a block to a subway stop, within a short walking distance to many restaurants - a variety, but heavily weighted towards Italian.Hotel was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was pricey, and eventhough I did not order anything high end, with coffee and tip, it was typically $17. Would recommend Dunkin Donuts or Dizzy Izzys just round the corner.Front desk was helpful with directions, restaurants, etc.Would stay again if I went back, but due to all the high prices there and the sites that I have seen, I am good for another few decades - this was my first trip to NYC....	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect Quiet Getaway Spot In NYC	The Sheraton Four Points SoHo in NYC is a brand new no frills hotel in a quiet but convenient area of the city. It is two short blocks from the subway and a short walk to the West Village and a short subway ride to Broadway and Times Square. The rooms are small, although no smaller than most NYC hotels but well equipped, clean and fairly well designed. The bathroom is very small and we were disappointed to find that we were only given two bath towels although the other amenities were fine. I am sure we could have requested some additional towels. This is not a hotel that would easily accommodate children as the rooms are small and there is no lobby to speak of. There is a fitness center downstairs. The hotel is probably full of businessmen during the week and has a small desk area and internet access in each room. Parking is available for $25 but it is a short walk away. There is a coffeemaker in the room, complete with Starbucks coffee and tea. There is a Dunkin Doughnuts right downstairs and the hotel has a small outdoor seating area where you can sit with a newspaper and enjoy your breakfast. There is a deli a block away that serves breakfast as well as a McDonalds. The hotel does serve food and has room service. Within one block is the Jacques Torres flagship chocolate store where you can actually see them making chocolate and is a must see, especially if you are a tourist and have never been there before. We were in NYC to attend a wedding that was three blocks away and the hotel fit our needs very well. The staff was friendly and helpful and I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to a freind.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent service and location!	We were pleasantly surprised with our stay at the Four Points Soho. I didn't realize what a convenient location it had. We were literally a block from the Red (1,2,3) Line (Houston Station), which connected us to several site seeing spots, as well, we were walking distance to Washington Square, and the best shopping in China Town and on Broadway. We also walked around through Greenwich Village and found some excellent restaurants within quick walking distance from our hotel.The hotel itself was on par with most Sheratons I've stayed at; clean and modern. The rooms were small, which was to be expected, but we were happy to find that we had an amazing view (we could see the Woolworth Building from our room). I recommend asking for a south facing room.The only minor complaint I have involves the bathroom. The door is made of a sheer material. You can't see through it, but light does pass through, which made night-time bathroom trips a nuisance for the other people in my room. Also, there is no bathroom fan, and I found it made for a slightly musty smell in the bathroom.	
Jul 8 2009 	Adequate rooms with comfy beds in ok location	Stayed here for 6 nights in last week of April with 2 other friends in a room with 2 double beds. The Good:Beds were comfortable. Room size was a tad too small for 3 persons' huge bags, but reckoned has enough space for 2 people. toilet was nice, not overly roomy, but of a nice size - you just need that much space for yourself after all, do you not? Tazo tea and Starbucks coffee, with one bottle of water available daily. Free and efficient internet connection a big draw. TV was large and good. Location is good as Prince Street is just 2 blocks away, yet hotel is located away from the hustle of busy Soho.The Bad:A/C will turn itself on/off while it adjusts to the temperature even while you are sleeping = noisy A/C, if you are a light sleeper. Toiletries supply was not consistent. Housekeeping did not provide new soaps and shampoos etc EVERY day. Even after I wrote a note telling housekeeping of the error. Elevator was slow, but I was in no hurry, so I found it ok, but that irritated my friends alot. Ipod docking station was not working.Will I stay there again? I will be again, coming in 2 weeks time. Price wise, this hotel is good. Location wise, I like it as it is in Soho, but not central Soho, yet easily accessible by foot.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location Clean Rooms	Just returned from a 3 night pleasure trip in NYC and stayed at the Sheraton Four Points Soho. The hotel delivered exactly what I was looking for: Location in Soho, clean hotel and reasonable rate (for NYC anyway). The hotel delivered on all points.As other reviews state, the rooms are small but are very functional with a clean and and well appointed bathroom.Great location within Soho and a short walk to a subway entrance. Overall a good, clean functional hotel for business or pleasure.	
Jul 5 2009 	cozy hotel in a good location	I think this hotel is a decent choice in NYC depending on your expectations. I book a special rate program through the spg.com website. 50% off the second night but you had to pay a slightly higher rate the first night. Still a good deal. As a spg member I was hoping I might get an upgrade of some sort, but even my request for an upper floor seemed to go unrecognized. I also thought that the fact that I had prepaid my stay might get me a little better service in that regard. But I ended up with a room on the 10th floor. So I could barely see over the building at the back of the hotel. If you are on a floor lower than 10 and on the back of the building you will have zero view.But that is all quibbling. The room itself was compact but efficient. Flat screen hi-def TV seems to be a requirement of most hotels these days. There is free wifi that worked fine. And an electronic safe in the little wardrobe. The bathroom is nice with a small sink/vanity. The shower is large and done in nice black granite tiles. The a/c is noisy and if you run the fan on auto it will kick on, cool the room artically for a couple of minutes and then shut off for a while. Running the fan continuously makes the noise less jarring and seems to keep things at a more constant temperature.I found the bed fine, but the pillows really lacking in support.I did not eat at the hotel. Prices are very high for food as most hotels do. There are tons of places to eat a short walk from the hotel. Two subway stations are nearby. The #1 7th Ave line is less than a block away. The C,E Spring Street station is a few blocks away. So easy access to midtown and beyond. Taxis are not familiar with the hotel. I had to direct my cabbie and he still went right past it.There is a small grocery/deli on 6th Ave, so a short walk away for picking up a couple of things. Film Forum is nearby.The staff were very friendly.All things considered I think this is a decent choice in the Manhattan. In the last couple of years I have been to NYC three times and this was certainly the best of those hotels I stayed in.	
Jul 2 2009 	Our favourite Sheraton in New York	We are just back from a 10 day stay at this hotel and we loved it. As others note, the rooms are not huge, but they are well appointed and clean. The bed was super comfortable and the A/C worked amazingly well during our hot stay. The staff is all very friendly and actually remembered us during the stay. The only down side is the elevators: it is one of those hotels with lots of floors but only 8 rooms per floor, so we spent a lot of time waiting. Next time we'll ask for a lower floor. The hotel is in a bit of an odd but really convenient location: i think it is more village than SoHo. Easy access to the subway (including the 1 and the A,C,E lines) and everything village. We will definitely be back! And if you stay here be sure to check out this restaurant which was spectacular and 5 minutes from the hotel: http://markettablenyc.com/	
Jun 30 2009 	Perfect location very nice hotel rooms!	I love NYC to pieces and try and go there as often I can. The Four points by Sheraton in SoHo village is a brand new hotel building and I stayed there in December of 2008 for 4 nights. The lobby is very small and so are the rooms but this is NYC and hotel rooms are usually small. However the rooms are superbly decorated and the bathrooms are very, very nice as are the comfy beds and bath robes. So a very clean and modern hotel with small but super nice rooms is what you get here in a hot location with loads of interesting stores and restaurants in the neighborhood. The front desk staff also were very warm and welcoming and as a member of the Starwood preferred guest program me and my spouse were offered an upgraded room with a beautiful view of downtown NYC which I highly appreciated! I will for sure come back and will consider staying at the Four points by Sheraton any time!	
Jun 16 2009 	Great price great hotel ok staff....GREAT experience	We got a great price on this hotel at $557 total for 3 nights. Just like several reviews said, the rooms were pretty small, but they weren't tiny. The TV with HD was a great edition especially for us to watch the NBA playoffs. The bed was fabuous...king size and VERY comfortable. Housekeeping was great to us. Very professional. The hotel was just very clean and nice looking when we walked in. Bathroom had a unique design and my girlfriend loved the tile shower. If I had one complaint, was that there was one woman at the front desk who was a little rude. Everyone else was great and very helpful to our questions. I read some who thought this was a bad area. I COMPLETELY disagree. I thought the location was great. Not too busy...one block from the subway...the view did have a lot of construction in it, but you could overlook the Hudson. I just thought our entire experience of this hotel was great.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great staff and location. Small rooms but clean and new	The staff here is exceptional. Went out of their way for us. Brought extra towels right away and helped a friend who was feeling ill. Good location, not too far from SoHo and a ten minute walk to Grenich or Tribeca. Rooms and bathroom are small, but they are clean and modern.	
Jun 7 2009 	Sall rooms but great staff	The staff will do anything in their power to accomodate you. These rooms are not big enough for more than 1 or 2 people that don't need to move about. Everything is tiny - although we were given a high floor, the view was of nothing. The hotel is convenient and the staff is wonderful so depending on the number of guests and purpose, you might want to stay at the Embassy Suites if you need more room - we moved after the first night!!	
May 17 2009 	Great Location	The rooms are small but practical and quite clean. Noisy A/C. Good TV. Coffee machine is a blessing especially after arriving from Europe and waking at 3AM every morning. Elevator takes forever. Vending machine out of water. Staff very friendly, and not as stiff as in the bigger NY hotels. No bed bugs (which is a big plus for any hotel these days!). All in all, a delightful homey kind of hotel yet modern enough.Great proximity to all the restaurants and shops in Soho, walking distance to Canal Street, Meatpacking District, Little Italy, Chinatown. Try the walk from the hotel down to the WTC area by way of the Hudson River path. Take an immediate left when leaving the hotel until you &quot;hit&quot; the river, then turn left and keep on going until you're all the way downtown. Early in the morning, it's lovely; dog walkers, joggers, bikes, and the majestic Hudson. Construction continues, but it has improved greatly over the years. Another suggestion, just around the corner on Varick Street is the New York Winery (I think that's the name). They're just starting out and are not in the best location (meaning not in the heart of bustling Soho), but they have a really good selection of wine, and a nice staff. Good luck to you guys !	
May 15 2009 	Very Friendly Comfortable and Modern.	New, very modern hotel. Very comfortable room. Lots of very good resturants close by. Friendly staff.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent little hotel - boutique style rooms	Rooms were small but very nicely furnished - large comfortable bed, flat screen etc. Staff helpful and friendly. Good location for shopping and restaurants.	
May 11 2009 	Exceptional	In addition to it being about a three minute walk from my client, the rooms were beautiful and clean. The staff was all on some kind of mood elevator. The bar was tight. Really small. But great selections of beers. And a quick walk to the subway.No question but that I'll return.	
May 8 2009 	Great hotel	Spent six nights in this hotel over Easter. The staff were very friendly and accommodating, from check in until we left. Our room had fairly good view, the bed was comfortable and the walk in shower was big, but not as powerful as I thought it may be ( a very minor quibble!!).Location wise - I was really pleased to be able to walk to great bars/bistro’s and restaurants. We didn’t have breakfast in the hotel, but there was an OK bagel place 3 minutes away we tried a couple of times, also went to Balthazar for a blow out breakfast on our first morning.Lots of places in Soho to eat. The hotel bar is tiny, but there are loads of places near by to drink or one night we took our nightcap up to the roomThe subway stop was only one block away which was handy.Would I stay there again?– Can’t wait!!!!!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Good Value and clean but small rooms	Stayed on business for three nights. The hotel is a short walk from great restaurants and bars in the West Village or a short cab ride / subway journey from everything else on Manhattan. In fact, you could easly walk, and I did, to Midtown in about 30 minutes. The hotel is new, tall and very narrow with only about eight rooms on each floors. Certainly not a luxury hotel but it is clean and functional. Rooms are on the small side. I stayed in a deluxe room which was fine for one person; had there been two of us, the lack of space would have been an issue. Lobby is absolutely tiny - just a reception desk and four arm chairs and the elevator. There is a small bar just to the side of the lobby and a small breakfast restaurant just behind it. There are also a couple of PC's between the restaurant and the bars which are free to use.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel in NYC	I just stayed at the Four Points in SOHO for a conference. The service is great, the rooms are really tidy and clean (NY sizes), and it is close to several subway stops. The rate was very reasonable for New York City, but really put it over the top for me is the service. The staff makes it a 5-star experience. I was really surprised. The brought my luggage out to me in the rain when I ran out of the lobby to grab a cab to the airport. I had already checked out, but that's the kind of staff they have and they'd been that way during my whole three day stay.The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. The bar could be bigger, but it's New York. There are plenty of bars around.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great hotel and worth the price	We stayed at this hotel 2 nights in late March for a business conference in Soho. The location was great and the price couldn't be beat. Staff was friendly and accomodating though I didn't think the housekeeping staff cleaned the bathroom very well. The hotel room is SMALL but ok for two. Subway only 2 blocks away--plenty of places to grab a quick breakfast and not too far a walk to the West Village. Only negative--hotel is on the main entrance for the Holland tunnel and it can get loud--you can only stay on the upper floors if you have a Starwood points card (get one, they are free). It can get noisy on the lower floors with the traffic noise.That said, I would definitely stay again!	
Mar 25 2009 	Loved this hotel for lots of reasons...	Visiting a friend who lives in the West Village, we were lost for close by hotels until I found this one. What a great little hotel in the perfect location for us.This Four Points opened in November of 2008 (according to the great bartender on duty Tuesdays and Wednesdays!) and still looks clean and new. Yes, the rooms are small (welcome to New York) but they're spotless and efficient, with lots of nice little amenities, right down to a padded lap desk.Our room was on the 15th floor (upper floors available first to Starwood Preferred Guest members) which lifted us above some of the street noise, but didn't afford that great a view. (Our first night of five was on the third floor facing south....the view was of a brick wall. The staff was helpful in moving us for the remainder of our stay.)The restaurant is small, but all you'll need for breakfast. The lobby bar has six or seven seats at the bar, a television and lots to choose from. Once again, it's all you'll need.Subway stops are near by (Varick and Houston), and there always seemed to be plenty of cabs out front.If you don't mind a little bit of togetherness (it was my wife, and our 12 and 16 year-old sons), you'll love this place!Ciao!	
Mar 23 2009 	Great location great price so so experience	The great: $161 (AAA rate) for a Saturday night. Plenty of available street parking close to hotel (you can park in front for 1/2 hour to unload - they will give you a sign for your car). Small but efficient room, flat screen,decent bed, free WiFi. Great location - close (two blocks walk east ) to the heart of SoHo, or three block north east to Greenwich Village. The so so: Somewhat surly staff, weird hotel configuration (a support pillar blocking the front door entrance and another the elevators; small rooms; narrow hallway on each floor), strange &quot;C level&quot; - the basement with tiny gym, ice machines, etc. The complimentary water is warm. The shower is amazingly narrow and leaks miserably. The hotel can be loud - from street noise or from narrow hallways. Elevators sem to take forever. A lobby bar that looks like a glass closet.All told - price + location + parking clearly make up for some relative negatives. Will visit again unless something else nearby can match value.	
Mar 11 2009 	Can't Miss Hotel in the Heart of the City	I have been staying at this hotel every week for a few months while I work in NJ. I travel for work every week as a consultant and this is the best hotel I've every stayed in for work. It's fairly new (Oct 2008) and right in the middle of restaurants and good shops on the SOHO/West Village line. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. Highly recommended for free internet, free water and a very comfy bed. Hotel is less than a block from the 1 subway station on Houston St.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great Service Clean Hotel 	My family recently stayed at this Sheraton in NYC as we had to make last minute plans to attend a funeral. From check-in to check-out, my partner, our kids and myself were treated exceptionally well. We were offered water bottles at checkin as there was a slight delay. Then, once the staff knew we were there for a funeral, they offered and sent our room two orders of apple pie ala mode. The kids loved it.Our room was clean &amp; neat. Beds were very comfortable. We needed extra towels (with two teenagers) and they were given to us right away. The staff was also very helpful with directions. I would definitely stay here again and our daughter is already asking about coming back to stay here and shop in NYC. Thanks!!	
Jan 26 2009	Really liked it!	There are so many advantages to staying at the Four Points that you can't imagine. Number one: Parking. We parked our car a half block away and kept it there all weekend. If you're not sheepish about leaving your car on the street in New York, this is the place to stay. The Four Points is a small, boutique-style hotel that's been open less than half a year. Everything's new and clean. It's super quiet and the rooms are not tiny compared to other properties. The staff is wonderful. When we walked in on a cold night they offered us hot apple cider. You won't find that at a large, impersonal hotel!We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, opting for neighborhood restaurants such as Cafe Borgia on Prince Street (just walk east on Charlton) and the Van Dam Diner, one block south.A minor complaint: If you take a late-at-night shower you might not find the water very hot. It was fine other times, even earlier at night. The shower head is terrific.The hotel is a little off the beaten path and the neighborhood is semi-industrial, so at night you might find it lonely. But walk two blocks north or east and you'll find the excitement of the Village or SoHo. The IRT #1 train is less than a five-minute walk from the hotel.	
Jan 7 2009	PERFECT!	Just got back from a great stay here. I was in NYC for New Years with two friends. We met up from different parts of the country and wanted to be somewhere fun for New Years, but not in the crazy midtown area. This turned out to be perfect. It was easy enough to grab a cab to head uptown to tour around, and a short stroll to the SoHo and Village areas... even an easy walk to check out Canal Street, Chinatown, ect. Tons of restaurants, delis, bars, shops, and everything nearby. Being very unfamiliar with Manhattan I was hesitant on booking this hotel since it is not in the typical tourist area, but once we got there and walked a couple blocks we were SO HAPPY with the choice. To make it better the staff was the nicest staff I've ever experienced. They were happy to help us with any questions we had. And along with suggestions, we got walking maps and directions to suit our needs. They made the stay amazing! And since it is hard to adjust the first day, a good destination to grab lunch or a drink is always helpful. The only difficult part was the size of the room, which I am assuming is normal for Manhattan, it is just a little small for three 20-some year old girls. Clothes and shoes were EVERYWHERE!I want to be back there!	
Jan 3 2009 	close to lots of shopping	After spending 2 nights in midtown to see the New Years Eve festivities, we were happy to retreat to SOHO.The hotel staff was exceptionally friendly and efficient. We have no complaints - this is a basic, clean, comfortable and well designed hotel. It is very close to the subway station (train 1 - Houston St).The location is 2 blocks away from tons of shopping - from upscale designers to the Canal St craziness. We walked from the hotel through SOHO, Little Italy and the West Village in FREEZING temps. We would stay there again - in fact - we would like to have more time in this area to really explore it.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great NYC Four Points property	This is quickly becoming one of my favorite &quot;affordable&quot; (for NYC, that is) hotels in New York City, taking the place of the Sheraton 4P Chelsea. For the sake of this review, I'll use Chelsea as the barometer for Four Points properties in the city. Good:1. Rooms: Very small, but modern and well built. Wood and steel accents. I don't feel claustrophobic like I sometimes do at the 4P Chelsea.2. Complimentary in-room internet: WiFi or wired. Not always the fastest, but it works.3. Location (with a &quot;but): This location isn't what I (or most people I know) would reasonably call SoHo- it's generous to do so. However, the 1 train is a block away and the Holland tunnel is right there as well. However, getting a taxi is a hit or miss, so give yourself time.4. Service: Friendly desk staff. Very welcoming.Bad:1. Lack of amenities: No breakfast or any type of lounge. Bottle of water is standard as with other 4P properties.2. Lack of suites: Similar to Chelsea, I believe there are less than four suites in the hotel. Tough to book, even tougher to get upgraded (even if you stay there every week...)3. Location: As I said above, this is an interesting location. Not much in the way of entertainment or food in the immediate vicinity (you'll have to travel up Varick St. to the village for that) but there are options close by. 4. Parking: No garage on-site. &quot;Preferred&quot; garage is two+ blocks away. It's a safe neighborhood, but I wouldn't want to walk there or back alone if I had the choice (esp. if you're a woman)All in all, I really like the hotel and prefer to stay there when I'm looking for a quiet night away from the usual craziness of NYC. Highly recommended.	
Dec 13 2008 	Basic and Functional	This is a new no-nonsense hotel in Soho, about 2-3 blocks from pockets of restaurants. The hotel is basic and great for business traveler: small clean totally functional rooms (lots of desk level plugs! yay!!!!), tiny little exercise room (4-5 machines, 24 hr access), and some of the narrowest showers I have ever seen (alas, no bathtub). Small somewhat awkward interior lobby, with a big outdoor seating area that abuts the inside bar (5 stools total). As a colleague pointed out, the exterior looks a bit like a garage - don't be alarmed. My main negatives: the fans and blowers in bedroom and bathroom that seem to turn on and off at random during the night AND the hot water in the shower never seemed to creep above warm (but sink got to hot - go figure). This place is 180 degrees from the designed experience of the Tribeca or Soho Grand where I often stay: there is no hipster element, no ambient soundtrack, no amber mood lighting, no attitude-laden staff. In many ways, it was a refreshing change. I will stay here again. Good nearby restaurants - a number of places on Bedford Street near Dowling/Carmine, Spring near Thompson: Recommend Ditch Plains, AquaGrille, and about 100 others!Approx. 8 rooms per floor. Caswell + Massey toiletries. Opened Sept 2008. Have had rates quoted from $280 to $480, so ask nicely!	
Dec 8 2008 	Great for the Price!!	This is my seventh time in NYC during the Black Friday chaos. We usually stay in boutique hotels but decided to try this Sheraton bc it was fairly small, new and in Soho.I think the rooms were not that small, has anyone ever stayed at The Mela?? The service was great. We were given a room at a very early check in and a given a late check out with no charge.The bar is small but cozy, the free internet service is great.No noise- I guess it was a holiday, great location if you like Soho. Accessible to GREAT restos and to taxi cabs.If driving to the city, you can actually find free parking on the streets. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who loves a a great price for the boutiq'ish style look.	
Dec 4 2008 	Nice Hotel Eh Staff	I chose this hotel because I am a loyal starwood guest and it was one of the cheaper rates for the time I was going to be in NYC. Before I start telling you all the bad things that happened during my stay let me first say that it was overall a very pleasant experience. The rooms although small were reasonable and comfortable. I would not recommend this hotel for people traveling with a large family. This being a new hotel I was fairly surprised at the level of service I received. Overall the staff at the front desk were very helpful with the exception of one who seemed to talk and never get anything done. I would ask for something as simple as a bathrobe and it wouldn't get delivered until I spoke to at least two different reps. (I won't name names but this person worked during the early shift and I didn't see him around at night. Hope that you don't get him for check in...) The restaurant is a whole other issue. I ate there because the staff at the desk recommended it on my first night, being that I was tired and I was new to NY I did not want to galavant around town looking for something to eat. There was absolutely no one eating in the restaurant. It was just me and two flat-screen tv's. The one staff member seemed to be the waiter and the barkeep so as you can imagine service was horrible. Anytime I needed something I would have to go to the bar and ask. The food wasn't that great but it's what you expect from a hotel's restaurant. Decent. After these minor hiccups on the first day the rest of my stay was a breeze.	
Nov 30 2008 	Soho Village good deal for price (w/minor quibbles)	We spent two nights (Thanksgiving/Black Friday) at the Sheraton Four Points Soho Village. Extremely clean, and although the King/Deluxe room, like anyplace else I've stayed in NYC, was on the small side, it was comfortable, newly furnished, generally quiet (there is apparently some construction in the neighborhood, but not on this holiday weekend) and (did I say this before) very clean. Nice complimentary toiletries, but - my minor quibble: surprisingly rough/cheap toilet paper. Pleasant and helpful staff. For under $250/night I think this was a pretty good value. Comparing travelocity, hotels.com, orbitz on-line prices with the Sheraton's own reservation system, I got the best price by calling the 800 number. No on-site parking, but they provide a discount for a garage several blocks away (which added another $50 to the cost of the stay).We were on an upper floor, so we had a great view of downtown Manhattan. The immediate neighborhood is mixed commercial-residential and fairly deserted after dark (but not unsafe). Arriving late on Thanksgiving evening, we wound up having a nightcap at the somewhat overpriced hotel bar, but once we had our bearings we found it a very short walk (2-3 blocks) to Soho's many shops/restaurants/etc. The Aqua Grill, a few blocks away, has fabulous seafood and an amazing selection of raw oysters.	
Nov 19 2008 	Promising Hotel - Would return	My wife and I stayed at the Sheraton SOHO Sept 30 - October 5 2008 shortly after the hotel opened. Just about everything I have read in the other reviews seems accurate. We had an insane number of problems but the staff were invariably considerate and worked hard to overcome every problem. Most of the problems were a consequence of the newness of the hotel. Some problems were due to the construction next door. Other complaints by reviewers about small rooms and anemic exercise facilities are correct but consistent with most Manhattan hotels.The location is fabulous if you want to explore SOHO, Chelsea and the rest of lower Manhattan. We have usually stayed upper midtown a couple of blocks from Central Park, so this was a nice change. Yes, there are not a slew of restaurants within a block but there are within 3-4 blocks. Access to the subway is good although you have to make more changes than if you enter the system from some other locations. No one mentioned that the location is incredible for chocolate lovers as Jacques Torres is just around the corner. We walked to the Blue Note in under 10 minutes. Ignoring the many other attractions in the area, such close proximity to great jazz and chocolate makes it hard to complain.As I wrote, we did experience many problems, some major (like no water unexpectedly after working out one morning). However, I have stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the world including some that are considered among the best. It is always possible to find faults but, in my experience, if the staff are dedicated and considerate, whatever problems arise, they make it so that I have a good stay. The staff here were among the best I have found and so, as they settle into their work and iron out the kinks in the building, I expect this to become a very popular hotel.	
Nov 14 2008 	Sheraton Soho great location	After reading some negative reviews I was hesitant to stay at the Sheraton Soho... I booked anyway because there aren't many hotels in the Soho area. My husband and I stayed 4 nights and were pleasantly surprised! The room was very clean, nicely decorated and the bathrooms were spotless and new. The rooms were typical NYC size, hotel staff was nice and maids were wonderful. Absolutely no complaints and wouldn't hesitate to stay again. Anyone who gave a negative review due to the location either doesn't know Manhattan or hasn't been there many times &amp; is looking for the touristy stuff. MacDougal &amp; Bleecker Streets are within easy, easy walking distance and have loads of great pubs, cafes and bars &amp; restaurants! Try Cafe Reggio on MacDougal for breakfast - yummy cappucino, The Red Lion near Washington Sq. for several bands daily and, Murrays Cheese Shop on Bleecker for EVERYTHING ITALIAN and Johns Pizza on Bleecker - trust me!	
Nov 9 2008 	Don´t stay there!	Very far away from the American service reputation.I stayed there for three nights after a huge business project.10 days earlier I stayed at the W Tuscany Hotel i NYC - everything there was 5 star to the price of 3 stars..When I arrived at Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan SoHo Village - instead of noticing that I was actually standing on the other side of the reception desk - three receptionists where to busy &quot;working&quot; (even though I where the only guest in the lobby) instead of seeing me.I changed rooms after the first night since it was a terribele noice from the bathroom fan that kept me from sleeping. When moving - I forgot some cloths in the room. I talked to FIVE different persons (the first four promised to get back to me within a minute or five) and waited for 8 hrs before anyone got back to me with a message that my cloths where still in the room... And brought them to me.When returning to the airport - the hotel didn´t have any contract with any of the shuttle companies and therefore couldn´t make any reservations for such a transportation.Instead they suggested a limou with such a high price that my client refused to pay for it. They had never heard of anything that expensive before..So instead of helping they charged me far abowe any normal tarifs.If you are going to NYC - Choose the W Tuscany instead and they will make you warm inside from the moment you reach the entrance until your departure. They are REALLT excellent!Most hotels send you a survey after departure.Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan SoHo Village didn´t. If they had showed some instrest in my opions by sending it - I wouldnt have written this review. But hopefully they read it here and can correct their lack of service for future guests.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great stay!!	We stayed at the Sheraton Four Points Soho over Halloween weekend - It's brand new and very clean and well run. Everyone we dealt with was very nice, the room was normal Manhattan size (although it had a desk and a side couch type area which is more than I've had at other hotels in the city).We loved the location - walking distance to Greenwich and SoHo restaurants, stores, and bars. We obviously had a very opposite experience from one of the previous posters:1 - Never had a problem finding a cab 2 - Plenty of places to eat nearby if you just walk a few blocks - 3 - Bed was super comfy - Agreed on the pillows not being my favorite, but the mattress was greatThey also had nice bath products (Caswell Massey) and free bottled water, which doesn't make or break a stay, but are nice additions!I'll definitely stay here on my next trip to the city if the prices stay the same...	
Oct 25 2008 	New choice near NYU	We use Starwood properties when we stay in NYC. We were very excited to see a new Sheraton in Lower Manhattan because we now have a daughter at NYU Law and this hotel is within walking distance. It is located a few blocks from the Houston St stop on the &quot;1&quot;. On arrival, we were greeted by a very enthusiastic, knowledgable, young staff. There were no Starwood rooms available as yet, so we left our luggage and went to lunch. (Recommend &quot;Bread&quot; as an economical, tasty choice.) We had asked for an upper floor , quiet location - beware, there is a lot of construction in the area- and we were put in room 1801. The room is small, but well planned out. Neutral colors, king bed, nice LCD tv with good channel selection, work desk with a power strip, FREE wifi, Starbucks coffee and hot chocolate. There also is a chair with a floor lamp next to the bed. Bathroom is also compact.- good lighting, magnifying/shaving mirror, Speakman shower head, plenty of towels. Fancy frameless glass shower door that doesn't close tightly so floor gets wet. Room also has slippers and bathrobe and free bottled water. Ventilation system worked well and was quiet. Only negative we observed was very slow elevators. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel as a great choice for lower Manhattan.	
Oct 16 2008	Soho is the Gem	I was one of the first guests to check in at this hotel. When I called starwood reservation, I wanted a clean hotel in a nice neighborhood. The rep told me that this hotel is brand new so I figured why not. I went to the hotel and its very trendy. There were lots of staff on hand to help me out as this was the 2nd day of opening. The lobby is small, but functional. I stayed up on the 15th floor and have no complaints. The rooms are NYC rooms and if anyone complains about these rooms, they should try booking themselves into the W New York on Lexington Avenue. These are probably 25 percent larger in size than that W. The location is up and coming and I did not mind since it was only 4 blocks to the West Village and 3 blocks to West Broadway, where all the shopping and restaurants is to be done. I wish I took pictures of the hotel room, but you will not be disappointed. The bathrooms are very nice and clean with glass door showers. There are LCD TVs in the rooms and pretty good noise insulation as there was a bachelorette party 2 rooms down from me. I would highly recommend this hotel and not put Soho as my top location to stay in when I come in to New York City. Which is going to be a lot now, since my firm sends me here over 4 times every month. I highly recommend this place and do not know why I read a bad review from the first poster..Probably because he is comparing the Soho Grand vs. a Four Points...I'm not surprised since the Soho Grand is about $500 a night...Apples to Oranges...If you go, try Archipelago on Hudson Street. I heard from the waitress that they have the chef from one of Morimoto's restaurants.	
Sep 24 2008 	Total Rip Off- Bad Location- Didn't sleep	I am currently staying at the Four Points Hotel in Soho, New York. My company usually books me at the Tribeca Grand or Soho Grand, 2 amazing boutique hotels. Since there is a UN conference this week, those rooms went for over $1500 a night. So I was booked at the Four Points Hotel instead, at a whopping $480 a night. My boyfriend and I have been giving this place &quot;strikes&quot;- I'll share those with you. Strike One: BAD location. The only places to eat are Mcdonalds, Dunkin Donuts, and the empty one in the hotel. Also, they are building a very large building directly next door to the hotel. So at 6 am- all you can hear is jackhammers and construction. Also, since this street is so dead, no cabs come here. You have to walk around 2 blocks just to get a cab, and if you have luggage, which most out of towners do- it can be a hassle. Strike Two: The room size. SO tiny. Imagine a king size bed with about 1 foot of walking space around it. The bed is also the most uncomfortable thing either of us have ever slept on. Big still pillows with the Sheraton logo on ( and you KNOW they don't wash the throw pillows) and flat nasty feather pillows. Strike Three: My boyfriend and I work out a lot. One of the main reason we stayed here was because of the so called &quot;state- of- the- art&quot; gym. It is literally a treadmill, an elliptical, a bike, and a small weight set. No wonder the website doesn't show photos of the gym. Strike Four: The Restaurant- was empty. It WAS only Tuesday, but when the hotel put so much effort into making the inside of the restaurant cool, and your room sucks that bad- its annoying. Especially when we ate there and we were the only ones there, and probably the only ones for the night. I won't ever stay here again. There are enough cool hotels in New York to choose from- don't stay here.	
Sep 10 2009 	Super Hotel für Städteurlaub!		
Aug 31 2009 	Un buon hotel per 3 stellema rumoroso		
Aug 21 2009 	Fantástica relación calidad-precio y perfecta ubicación		
Jul 13 2009 	Excelente opción!		
Feb 3 2009 	Le mieux pour le prix		
Feb 1 2009 	????????		
