	Had a good stay - we will certainly come back	We had a good stay even if the Front Desk did not meet our expectation : quiet room = not a share room with a door common to another room. Front Desk has pretended that the hotel (100 rooms) was fully booked on wednesday night the 11th of November!!! Easy to cross check in trying to book available rooms in internet! I did not want to waist my time with non well trained and educated staff (it is not a 4 or 5 stars hotel!). We were supposed to move to another room the day after (but not anymore at the 6th floor but on the 2nd!!! super trade off!!! a good way to convince your client to not come back anymore with his requirement). Anyway we found the solution to make more noise than our neighbor and than we could not complain anymore about noise next to our door hahahah (stupid rude french!!!).The hotel is brand new, clean, not noisy cleaning staff, well situated...We certainly come back even if we have the choice of dozen other hotels in NYC that we already tried some of them.Tribeca is again a place to stay!!!Ha by the way : funny coincidence during one night of our stay : fire alarm at 2.00 A.M. and 6 of Fire Trucks came to the hotels with dozen of firemen per Truck!!!! No excuse from the Management or Front Desk about this Non Event. By chance it was not a real fire. I would imagine how the staff would not have manage this situation!!!	
	Have no fears....	Did a weekend getaway and could not have been happier with this hotel. Location is excellent..., hotel is new, clean and very comfortable with a killer bathroom, bed and tv. Frosted glass shower walls are not an issue and floor was never wet. Staff is very attentive without being in your face every minute with their hands out and that was a pleasant surprise. Darker vibe was also a non-issue. The Room had more than enough light available. If you want a pleasant stay away from the BS of mid-town, this place is a no brainer and a bargain.	
Nov 13 2009 	Perfect Hotel	The hotel was great! We got a really good deal booking with Perfect Escapes, and I think it was during their soft opening period.The concierge in the front desk (a really nice Eslovaquia lady, which I forgot the name... sorry!!) helped us a lot, and was able to advise really good stuff even with our weird taste (coney island + freak show, rock concerts, and good cheap food!)We had some minor problems in the room (a small leak in the bathroom, and the AC wasn't collaborating a lot) but I think it was due to the soft opening!The Room was great!!! And actually they look EXACTLY like the pictures they post in their web site!!! Really big, perfect bed and nice fresh flower beside it!It is perfectly located in front of the subway, and in SOHO, a not so touristy part!	
Nov 7 2009 	prefect NYC hotel ... great location great staff great vibe	1 of the better NYC hotel stays i've had. location was perfect if you like a downtown ... proximity to west village, meat packing, soho, etcstaff was helpful/friendly &amp; we rooms were specious with all of the amenities. it was also quite affordable. about the only complaint i had was that the bar was bit tired, but then again, i'd rather have that away from my hotel anyways	
Oct 29 2009 	Great location cool hotel slightly lacking in wow factor	Stayed for a weekend on a good rate sourced on the internet ($290). Given limited number of cool modern hotels in TriBeCa the Smyth is a good addition. The restaurant wasn't yet open, and room service seemed limited, but there are plenty of options nearby.Relative to other boutique hotels, the rooms were a bit of a disappointment - slightly predictable interior (boutique hotel by numbers, as it were), monochrome and modern, but lacking the wow factor. I would say the Chambers Hotel or Hudson Hotel have cooler rooms. The frosted-glass walled bathroom was the most stand out part of the room design, and worked well. Kiehl's products were a bonus.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Location - poor sound control design	If you plan to book a double room at The Smyth, be warned that they are adjoining rooms with the worst sound insulating imaginable. This was noted in earlier posts; however, I had contributed this to the fact that the hotel was new and assumed the problem would have been resolved by this time. It has not, and if plan to stay in one of these rooms, be prepared to hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the next room. Further to this, I treated my nephew to a night at the Smythe, and although he did not have an adjoining room, he reported to me that they were blasted out of bed at 2am by their neighbours Reggae music. Front desk calls to the room went unanswered, and hotel staff spent 5 minutes at the doors trying to get this guests attention. The loud music was brought under control by about 2:30am. only to resume at 6:45am. My nephew and girlfriend were not impressed, and the fact they both live in college dorms, you can assume they have a noise tolerance level that would exceed most. In all, it is a very nice hotel in a very nice area, but be warned that noise continues to be an issue in both the adjoining rooms and throughout the hotel. *At checkout, desk staff was apologetic for the situation but made no efforts in compensation of any sort. Our bill for the two rooms (combined 3 nights) was almost $1500	
Oct 17 2009 	Thanks for Complimentary Upgrade	We booked at the Smyth Thompson in Manhattan for one night at a regular rate. At check-in they told us that we get a complimentary upgrade for the Kings Suite which. We enjoyed the view from the roof terrace, the spacious rooms of the suite and the facilities of the gym which is located in the basement. The staff was helpful. Thanks once again for giving us a perfect entrée for our short trip to Manhattan. Wifi is $10/day.	
Sep 23 2009 	Amazing rooms location and staff	The Smyth Tribeca is an excellent hotel and my new first choice for visits to Manhattan. The entire staff, especially Mary at reception, was extremely welcoming and friendly throughout my stay. The hotel is beautifully designed. My room was gorgeous and spotless, with an iconic view up West Broadway to the Empire State Building. I loved the Kiehl’s bath products. The location of the Smyth Tribeca is perfect, too: every major subway line converges within a few block of the hotel. The 1-2-3 line is directly in front of the hotel, which makes for effortless travel to and from Penn Station, the West Village, the contemporary art galleries in Chelsea, the Theater District, and Central Park. The 4-5-6 trains three blocks away at City Hall allow for equally easy travel to Grand Central Station and all of the museums on the Upper East Side (Metropolitan, Whitney, etc.). And of course, Tribeca and nearby SoHo are excellent for exploring on foot, with an endless parade of shops, restaurants, cafes, and bars. I’ve already booked a return reservation at the Smyth Tribeca for my next trip to NYC in October.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great find!	I wanted to be downtown in a nice hotel for my husband's birthday. Newly opened hotel, so everything was ship shape. Got a great internet rate for a king deluxe room. Despite that, they upgraded us to suite!. Really nice, good looking staff, none of this&quot; I'm too hip for you&quot;. Hotel is very modern (some of the room furniture a tad cheap danish modern looking- small nit). Huge modern bathroom with walk-in shower and Kiehl's toiletries.Close to great restaurants and hip boutiques. The West side subway is right there, with the Lexington Avenue line a short walk away.	
Sep 21 2009 	Loved the Smyth!	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Smyth. I admit I can be kind of anal about hotel cleanliness and our room was exceptionally clean and comfortable. It was also very spacious for New York City, and it was beautifully decorated. The hotel staff was also particularly courteous and helpful. We arrived very early in the morning (2am) and were greeted with bright, warm smiles--it stayed that way throughout our time at the hotel. The location is great - just a 10 min walk to all the shopping in Soho and a 10 min cab ride to Midtown. It's also very close to several great restaurants. I will definitely be back!	
Sep 16 2009 	Chic and surprisingly comfortable!	This was my first stay, and I was pleasantly surprised :). The hotel is stylish, rooms are very comfortable and large (compared to typical NY rooms) and extremely well-lit (many &quot;chic&quot; hotels keep the rooms too dark for my taste). I was on the 2nd floor and street noise was not a problem at all. Wi-Fi is only $10 for 24 hours - a relative bargain! Room service was available from a small but unique menu, but I did not try it. The staff was extremely helpful, friendly, and responsive. My only complaint is completely unrelated to the hotel specifically, but more to the area - because the hotel is smaller and in the middle of the block it was difficult to get a cab at most times of the day.	
Sep 15 2009 	Stayed Multiple Times	I've stayed at multiple Thompson hotels in NYC and the Smyth hnds down is my favorite. Extremely friendly and attentive staff. The door boys are very attractive :) I'm on my way back in October for the 4th time. Great central location for shopping in Soho. Always a wonderful stay at the Smyth.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great hotel at fantastic location	We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel with our 2 sons (6 &amp; 10 years) and we booked adjacent rooms. When we arrived we were welcomed very friendly and indeed the connecting rooms were fully prepared evn though we arrived slightly early. The rooms are fantastic and have one of the best beds I have ever slept in. The bathrooms are great too and the HD TV's on the wall provided good fun for one of our son's who didn't feel to good at a certain moment. The hotel itself is perfectly located in Tribeca wich I think is one of the best area's to stay in Manhattan when travelling with kids. It's a hip hotel but certainly not cold and distant. Thompson hotels provide excellent value and are much better then similarly boutique hotels. When we checked out and wanted to keep our luggage handy near Central Park they even offered us to leave the luggage at a sister hotel on Columbus. Now that's what I call service!	
Sep 12 2009 	Comfortable 	We were very impressed with the service, from the moment the door man greeted us as our taxi drove up. Great staff, all young (good looking) and eager to help. We stayed in a Queen superior room, so I was a bit disappointed that the room only had a shower, (no tub to soak our tired feet after a long day of walking!). Also, hand lotion wasn't offered to us until we requested it from the staff, so don't be afraid to ask for it. Lobby and lounge are very chic and relaxing with a very masculine feel. We booked early and got an unbelievable rate of $125 night, so we can't complain! Next time i'd consider upgrading to a larger room, just to see the difference.	
Sep 12 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel	We Stayed here at the end of August begining of September, could not fault it apart from the usual high prices for mini bar and drinks in the hotel. The Staff are extremely helpful and welcoming. We had a double deluxe room which was very large apparently by New York standards. Extremely clean, lovely toiletries and no glass wall bathroom. comfortable beds, very effecient air conditioning. I was worried that it would be noisy, but we did not here anyone else in other rooms. Subway is just a few steps away so easy to get uptown. within walking distance of west and greenwich village, china town, soho and little Italy. Loved tribeca and would stay here again. Penty of places to eat and can thoroughly recommend the Cosmopolitan Cafe the next block down for breakfast. Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous Surprise!	We came to NYC to get away for a couple of days and are so happy that our friend found this hotel! We have stayed at Le Parker Meridian, Grand Hyatt, Ameritania and others and are VERY impressed with this hotel. Very modern, clean, and the service is impeccable. We are paying $166.00 per nigh (A STEAL!) and have a beautiful room with sitting area. The bed is dreamy with linens so soft you feel like you've landed in a cloud. The location is wonderful! Don't let the fact that it is on the lower west side keep you from coming. You are two steps from the subway station which will take you anywhere, a 5 minute walk to the Brooklyn Bridge which is great for your morning viewing pleasure, and there is a STARBUCKS right across the street (simple pleasures). The Village and Meat Packing District are close by and offer great night life. Don't miss the Brass Monkey rooftop bar.We bring our children on occasion and will be returning to this hotel most definitely!	
Sep 4 2009 	Chic Clientele	Stayed here Aug. 28 - 31, in one room, with wife &amp; kids, ages 14 &amp; 12. Everyone loved it. Room was plenty large enough, even with all the stuff we bought in nearby Soho. Was a very deep tub in which at least one of us took a soak every night. Ate breakfast two mornings at Le Pain Quotidien, a few doors down. Chicken curry tapinade, and avocado tapinade, both highly recommended, as is the fresh squeezed OJ. Also ate at Cafe Cosmopolitan(?) one block north, operated by charming Polish people. Fantastic! So was the Mexican place (Gloria's?) one block north. Very cool poster place around the block. Hige Whole Foods a few blocks away. Large flat-screen TV in room. Great loaner umbrellas from the hotel. All guests (and staff) at hotel are very young &amp; cool - us included! Price was so good for NYC. Could not be more pleased.	
Sep 3 2009 	Chic retreat in Tribeca	We just spent 2 nights at the Smyth hotel while attending the US Open Tennis championships. The hotel was absolutely wonderful and outstanding value for money for Manhattan. Everything was clean, fully functioning, brand new and the design is minimalist and restful. Our room faced W Broadway and yet the soundproofing was so good that we hardly heard the traffic below. The bed was king sized and very firm (an advantage of being new) - no squeaks or squashiness! The somewhat open-plan bathroom (it's basically a glass box within the room), is unique and might not be for everyone, but we thought it was funky. The open shower could result in a deluge, but directing the shower head appropriately solved that potential problem. We didn't try the gm, restaurant, bar or concierge services as we had made all our plans up front. The rooms are stocked with some basic goodies (at a price) but we preferred to use Starbucks which is literally across the street. There's also an excellent Amish Market on the same block of W Broadway and, of course, other convenient eating and drinking options abound.There is a subway entrance (Chambers St: lines 1, 2, 3) right outside the hotel which connects (via Line A) with JFK in about an hour so we didn't even need an airport taxi or shuttle service - a huge bonus if you're OK with mass transit. We interfaced only minimally with the staff, but they were all extremely friendly and courteous when we did. Hopefully Smyth is able to retain these high standards. We plan to return next year so I guess we'll find out!	
Aug 29 2009 	Very good hotel great location	It's hard to know what to expect from a brand-new boutique hotel in a fashionable part of town. Great design? Ultra-cool features? Unsurpassed service? The Smyth has none of these, but is nonetheless a very good hotel in a great part of town.First, the room: large by New York standards, but would be considered average, perhaps even on the small side, in any other North American city. The bed is very comfortable, as is the reading chair, but little things are missing. There is only one bathrobe for two people. There was no iron until we asked for one. The bathroom has a great shower with room for two and good shelving around the sink, but the lighting is terrible (recessed lights in the ceiling over the sink), and there's nowhere to hang your towels (one towel rack on the far end, in the toilet area). Oh, and Internet is $10 a day.Service is mostly excellent. Check-in was a pleasure, we were upgraded to a king superior room, and desk staff and doormen were very pleasant throughout our stay.The hotel's best feature, I have to say, is the location - in Tribeca, just steps from dozens of great restaurants, right on top of the Chambers St. subway station, which is on the 7th Avenue line, so it's very easy to get uptown. Also within easy walking distance of the West Village and MePa, almost easy walking distance of the East Village, etc.I'd happily stay at the Smyth again if the price is right, but I hope they iron out some of the first-year kinks.	
Aug 15 2009 	Oasis of calm	I had a very busy week in New York and was at a different hotel every night. What I noticed most about the Smyth was how calm and quiet it was. I walked into my room (very plush, clean carpet), laid down on my bed (cool, crisp Sferra linens) and heard nothing. No street noise, no air conditioner humming, no people talking in the hallways-- nothing. It was spectacular.The bathrooms are large and well laid out. Love the marble tiling. I was in a Deluxe Double room with a co-worker, which has the added benefit of a proper closed off bathroom rather than a peekaboo shower that the other rooms have. The frosted glass shower seems cool, but when traveling with a colleague, you want to preserve some modicum of privacy.The staff at the Smyth were excellent. Check in was a breeze, very friendly. The bellman was always pleasant and quick to help. He was very quick at getting us cabs and always had a smile on his face. The concierge was also fabulous, drawing us a handy map of how to get to Century 21 from the hotel (just because you're there on business, doesn't mean you can't take a little time to shop!)The restaurant wasn't up and running when I stayed, so I can't comment on that. The room service (as with almost every hotel I visited) was pretty pricey, but there's a cute little place called the Soda Shoppe across the street that had great food and reasonable prices.A very comfortable, pleasant stay at the Smyth. The rooms are very large, and I love the modern design. The rooms actually look just like the photos.	
Aug 12 2009 	Chic modern great customer service!!!	We just got back from a 3-day business/pleasue getaway. Great deal...AWESOME stay!!! Every staff member was incredibly friendly. Chic rooms. We had a King Superior...room was spacious (for NYC) and brand new. Flat screen tv was super with HD service!!! Loved the bathroom/walk-in shower with translucent wall (to the room). But if you are not traveling with a spouse/partner, you would POSITIVELY need a different room setup. Parents and older children/teens could NOT share a room and have privacy. The sliding door leave a generous crack that looks into the toilet area and all embarrassing &quot;toiletting sounds&quot; can be heard. And through the translucent shower wall from the room, you can DEFINITELY see shapes. With the bathroom light behind you...well, you may not want kids seeing mom &amp; dad's well-lit profile. But on a postive note...husbands will LOVE the backlit shower option. The 1,2,3 and A,C,E are right there and other subway lines are a ten minute walk.	
Aug 6 2009 	Sexy stylish new room service v overpriced but overall good value	We arrived at the *Tribeca Smyth - A Thompson Hotel* in the evening to a very warm, friendly and professional welcome.The hotel is more or less brand new (completed in Feb 2009, CG images on website in lieu of photos) and tastefully, but not boringly (the robots and clocks in glass cases in the lobby made a cute feature) decorated.Our bedroom (which I had been in extensive emails with the manager beforehand about) was nearly perfect, just as I asked - a spacious quiet room with large windows, that open onto a view that isnt garbage, on a smoking floor...however the nearly perfect was due to it being in close proximity to a Chinese or Korean restaurant nearby which then piped the smell through the air con! Not too noxious though, certainly not enough to move rooms.The space was most impressive - NYC hotel rooms are notoriously small and this was a King Deluxe which was mid to high end range. The bed was the equivalent of our UK superking and felt like you were lying on a very large, very comfortably padded tennis court! As the hotel was new everything worked perfectly, the shower room was really well laid out (sink, then partioned loo then shower) and the general layout was clever. All the wood was dark brown as were the walls, the carpet pile high quality (and so new so absolutely no trace of stickyness - my total bugbear!). Another mirror would have been nice, esp full length, as the only mirror was in the shower room.Full 37 inch TV and iPod dock completed the contemporary and well-catered-for approach.Breakfast was sampled only twice in the 4 night stay as the prices were extortionate - USD8 for Special K...plus taxes, plus obligatory 18 percent tip PLUS tip when they brought it up to us, as we felt obliged (being awkward Brits) to tip again! so one measly bowl of cereal ended up costing about GBP7!!! And at the end of our stay they doublecharged us for one morning so the breakfast came to USD62! However this was rectified soon enough when we pointed it out and anyway, the coffee was good and the room service boys v sweet!The location of the hotel was superb - on Chambers and West Broadway - the Chambers 1+2 red line subway right outside, taking the number 1 line straight up to Times Square took us a mere 15 mins. And the actual area around the hotel, whilst quieter than other areas, was still pretty buzzy and there are a few nice restaurants and one very athentic diner (recommend here for brekkie rather than the hotel itself!) 3-5 mins walk up West Broadway. Ground Zero is less than 3 blocks away the other direction and a gentle stroll to Battery Park to hop on a ferry to Ellis Island or New jersey in our case, took 25 mins, without all the hustle and bustle of uptown.In summary - If you want a stylish, comfortable and friendly hotel with space to breathe but situated close enough to get to all the excitement that NYC has to offer I cannot receommend this hotel more. Just take your own Shreddies and ask for a jug of milk!5 stars!	
Aug 3 2009 	Fab hotel great value	We, a family with a 10 y.o. child, stayed at the Smyth over the Fourth of July weekend. Booked through Quikbook at a great price shortly after the hotel opened, and it was an excellent value for money, I can't believe we got such a great deal in NYC. I don't have a single quibble about the hotel. Due to our early arrival in NYC, I had requested an early check-in which was granted, with a complimentary upgrade to a Studio King room. The reception staff were a pleasure to deal with, the checkin was very quick and efficient.Loved our room: very light and bright, with big windows, very comfy beds, nice linens, plush carpert, plenty of drawer space, super clean. A great view of the W Broadway, Hudson and Chambers st crossing and the Empire State Building in the distance. The bathroom got to be my favourite part of the room - soo white and bright and clean and spacious, beautifully smelling toiletries by Kiehl. I could rave on and on and on. The location is convenient to Newark. We used taxi from the airport to Newark Penn station ($17 ex tip) and then PATH to Newark ($1.75pp I think), same on our return journey. The PATH station is a 5-min walk to the hotel. It is great for exploring Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn and a quick subway ride to Times Square, Central Park, etc. via one of the stations on Chambers Street. The restaurant was not opened however that did not affect our stay as there were so many good choices all around. We had breakfast at Le Pain Quotidien twice and the Gee Whiz diner. Both were good for food, service and people watching (lots of local residents). It's a fabulous hotel and I would definitely return.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel....with a few flaws	I stayed recently at the Smyth hotel with a friend of mine. I had booked us 2 rooms through Quikbook at a wonderful price of 145$ per night. I thought that it was an excellent value for the price. I will list the pros and cons of this newly opened hotel. It is still in a soft opening so it still has a few flaws that they will probably work out over the next months.PROS:*The rooms are just beautiful and huge by New York standards. Attention is paid to small details like a flower in bowl on the night stand. They are also very clean. You have a huge plasma television with a digital signal. Many hotels have plasma televisions but an analog signal, they have the real deal here. I also did not hear the neighbors. It is a very silent hotel, except for the doors that slam loudly. *The concierge Ela is excellent. She pointed us towards great restaurants. I had never stayed in Tribeca so I was not familiar with the area and she sent us to a couple of great restaurants (Marc Forgione, Gigino, Il Buco). She makes great suggestions. Some concierges either want to send you to high end restaurants like Per se or dives where there are 3 tables. She is in the middle of that and it was perfect for us.*Tribeca...I just loved this area! It is filled with great restaurants, shops, beautiful streets. I would stay there again. I heard people say that it is out of the way but you are close to so many subway lines and buses that we never had any problems going anywhere quickly.CONS:*Soft opening...Since they have been opened recently, some of the rooms are still not furnished entirely. I did not have a full length mirror, but my friend's room had one. My friend's room did not have a towel rack so she did not have any place to hang her towels, but I had one. You can see that they are small things though. *Service...The Thompson hotels chain prides itself in the service they offer to their clients. I stayed 6 times at the 6 Columbus hotel and found the employees, except the concierge, to be a notch above the ones at the Smyth. It is only by a hairline, but a hairline none the less. The doormen are friendlier at the 6 Columbus, even if you are not a 20 something supermodel. They treat everyone the same which I did not sense at the Smyth. They were a bit more standoffish.All in all, I would recommend this hotel because I really enjoyed my stay there.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great option for downtown	I had meetings in Jersey City, but wanted to stay in the city, so I needed something close to the Path train. The Smyth was a couple of blocks away and was a great choice. I was upgraded to a studio, which was a nice bonus. The front desk and door staff are some of the most helpful I've encountered in NYC. The corner room was large and overlooked W. Broadway and Chambers, and there was plenty of light, which is often lacking in these design hotels. The room had a nice, open feeling. The bathroom was huge with a separate soaking tub. The Keihl's amenities are a major plus. The platform bed was surprisingly comfortable. There's a well-equipped and large fitness room, with treadmills, ellipticals, bikes and weights. The neighborhood is great -- close to great restaurants, bars, shopping, yet also a great location for downtown meetings.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good location friendly staff	I stayed here for 10 days while visiting family in SoHo. The location was obviously convenient for me, but also the neighbourhood was really cute - lots of nice restaurants and fun bars nearby, and walking distance to the great shops on Broadway. Right next to the number 1 line of the subway too, which is really convenient as it takes you right uptown to all the main tourist sites - even as a newbie to New York I found it impossible to get lost going out or coming home! The staff were always helpful and friendly, the rooms were nice looking and cleaned regularly, and I think for the price I paid I got fairly good value for money. The only downsides were that wi-fi is not included (available from the rooms but it costs US$10 a day) and that there was no mobile phone reception in my room so I had to stand out in the hall every time I wanted to make a call. I'm not sure if this is a deliberate thing to make you use the hotel phone or just an honest mistake as they're only a new hotel but it's a bit of a pain!	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Loved our stay.	Stayed five nights at the Smyth Hotel and loved it. The location was excellent and the subway was right outside the door of the hotel. Tribeca is a fantastic area, not too touristy and fantastic restaurants nearby. The hotel staff were so helpful. They organised a car service to pick us up from the hotel and were very helpful when we endured multiple flight cancellations and delays. The rooms were great, a good size for New York and the beds were really comfortable. The only slight negative was that the shower wall also served as the wall separating the bathroom from the room so if you are not a couple it can be a bit of a pain.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great modern boutique hotel	We stayed at this hotel this past weekend for a friend's wedding. The hotel is very modern and nice and we got an amazing price of $155 per night for a king deluxe room on the website - a steal for NY! We saw the price went up to $250 the following week.We tried to check in on Friday morning at 8am after we got off the redeye - they were booked solid so they did not have our room available until 12...this was actually nice as check in isn't until 3 or 4. We got to the room and it was very large compared to other NYC hotels we have stayed in. The bed was extremely comfortable and we loved the furnishings. The only odd thing about the room, which may not be a big deal to some was that there was not a full length mirror anywhere in the room which bothered us when we were trying to get ready to go out.All in all - great stay at this 100 room hotel. It was booked solid the whole time we were there but we didn't feel like it was packed at all.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 9 2009 	Best Lux Boutique Hotel in NYC	I have stayed at the Thompson LES and the Ganesvort, the Standard and all the chic hip hotels, this property is brand new, and has it all, but a pool. Tribeca is the best part of NYC, best area bar none, and the Smyth is the perfect hotel to stay at. I come to NYC from Chicago 4 months a year for work, have stayed everywhere and all the beter boutique hotels, and this for the money, is bar none, a excellent value.	
Jun 24 2009 	A real find	Amazing--a very nice, well-done and -staffed hotel in NYC for less than the government rate? I've paid more for far less! The plusses: It's incredibly easy to get to, right across the street from the Chambers St. station and just minutes on the #2 from Penn Station. The lobby/bar is tres chic, very trendy, with lots of cozy little nooks that give you a terrific sense of privacy. The staff are professional, friendly and helpful. The rooms are bigger than I expected for this price and location, the comfortable beds made up with incredibly soft cotton duvet covers and sheets, and wonderful pillows. If the down comforter is too warm, there's a wonderfully soft throw at the end of the bed. The bath is gorgeous, tiled in pale gray marble and outfitted with some of the thickest, softest towels I've ever dried off with. The lighting is incandescent rather than the standard fluroescent, so you don't look hideous in the morning, and there's even a night-light setting. The design of the rooms is very Euro modern, with an oddly eclectic mix of components from extravagant to budget. The bedding and towels, the Kiehl amenities, the wide-screen TV with DVD player--all luxurious. The carpet is thick and soft, and not a commercial pattern. The desk was small (it seemed to be formed of glass) and the only chair was ... well, a hard plastic and metal office side chair. At the other end of the spectrum, the trash can under the desk was thin plastic, of a put-tab-a-into-slot-b construction ... something you'd find at Ikea. and the cabinets, while roomy, also looked to be of Ikea quality--adequate but you wonder how long they'll last. The quibbles: no coffee maker (and no where to put one), no rack to hang a damp towel on, no ironing board (although one showed up five minutes after I called, thank you Nicholas!) and no shower curtain or door (whose job it is to keep both water and HEAT in the shower). The biggest issue I had was the color palette--or lack therof. Other than the dark wood cabinetry and the golden brown headboard (which you can't see when sitting on the bed, the only comfortable place to sit) the entire palette ranged from dark greenish gray to blue-gray to purplish gray. Even the artwork was gray! Unlike the lobby and bar, where the drab olive, brown and gray palette is relieved with pops of plum, ruby, aqua and gold, the closest thing to color in the room is the throw, and it's olive (red or plum would have made all the difference). These are not the soft, soothing grays of the the bath; the combination is excessively masculine, drab and depressing. I had to buy a bunch of flowers in order to stay in the room and not become suicidal. But that was easy, because there's a market on the corner of Reade, just a block over and next to Marc Forgione, a treasure of a restaurant where I had one of the best meals I've ever eaten (crusted sea bass on a bed of artichokes and spring onions in a sauce with capers, raisins and hazelnuts) at a surprisingly reasonable cost, especially for New York. I ate there alone the first night (on the recommendation of one of the doormen, all of whom were ... well, very attractive) and took a crowd with me the second, it was that good.So if you're going to the Big Apple, definitely stay at the Smyth and absolutely eat at Marc Forgione--but don't forget to pick up a bright bunch of flowers on your way back.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Vest Pocket Boutique Hotel in NYC Tribeca	My husband and I came into Tribeca to attend a book launch at a nearby bookstore and chose the Smythe because of its location. We were so pleasantly surprised, it was reasonable @$200. plus taxes etc., the whole place is new inside and it is lovely, comfortable, quiet and calming. That said there is a neat lounge and soon to be a restaurant described by staff as a destination. Staff was pleasant and attentive without being over the top. Tribeca is an interesting neighborhood and is host to Robert DiNiero's Tribeca film festival.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great!	Loved the hotel, location, comfortable beds, friendly staff. Only complaint was the AC that from time to time had a mind of its own. We stayed 5 days. Our deluxe king was very well laid out with plenty of storage. Our room was on the 3rd floor facing West Broadway, but the windows do a very good job of blocking the street noise. Will stay again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fabulous location!	Had a wonderful getaway with my girlfriend. We would both definately would stay again! great location with lots to do - restaurants, bars, coffee houses - exactly what we were looking for. Got a great deal through PerfectEscapes.	
Jun 8 2009 	Gorgeous hotel great location only small gripes :)	The signage outside of the Smyth Hotel needs to be more obvious. It's a very demure and modern hotel but no one would know the hotel if they didn't use a GPS and ask directions. I hope for the sake of their business they have an awning sign implemented. Valet parking was $50 and worth it, the garages are all over that in the area for a 24 hour stay. The staff were VERY friendly and helpful, though not knowledgeable about the area. Not very &quot;tourist&quot; friendly I would say. The concierge I spoke with had to google a major theatre down the street, I would suggest they were more familiar with things and had some tourist/map items available in the rooms upon arrival. Room: we had one King bed and the room was modern and stylish. The bathroom shower was an open concept with no shower door but I personally didn't care. Kiehl's bath products were nice. Flat screen tv, great, Gym on the lower level was perfect. Hated there was no topsheet for the bed, aware that comfortors are not always washed I kind of wondered about that.I know there was a small bar but don't think there was a restaurant. Starbucks on the corner and restaurants nearby. Subway right below the hotel, perfect.Price was 185/night.	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved!	I live in NYC, but love staying in hotels! I recently stayed @ Smyth on 31 May 2009 for one evening. The hotel is located in Tribeca, adjacent to the Chambers St. Subway Station---the area is very young, with amazing restaurants, cool stores &amp; a brand new complex with an amazing Whole Foods, etc. Hudson River Park is also within a 10 min. walk or less. The neighborhood is lively, but not touristy at all, which I find incredibly appealing. I needed a room before 3 PM, so I phoned the hotel to see if I could receive an early check-in....the hotel was booked the night before, so my room (a Queen Superior) was not available, but the Front Desk agent said she could rush it with Housekeeping---not a big deal &amp; I told her I would arrive sometime after 3---within 5 seconds, she called me back &amp; said she could upgrade me to a King Superior, &amp; I could check-into the room immediately, as I was only staying for one night!!---I really appreciated this &amp; it was a very sweet gesture. Michael at the Front Desk was very kind &amp; efficient &amp; checked me in very smoothly---He explained the hotel well, asked if I needed luggage assistance, etc---nice guy! My room (#707) has a fantastic king bed with SFERRA linens--honestly the bed was the most amazing night sleep I've ever had in a hotel---hands down insanely GOOD sleeping!!! The pillows were goose down &amp; the throw was also by SFERRA---so good I went &amp; bought one today!!My room overlooked W. Broadway, but I couldn't hear any street traffic. However, around 8:30 AM I did hear several doors slamming from Housekeeping, which was slightly annoying---I live in NYC, so I'm used to noise, but I could see where this could be a problem for others----this is why I give the hotel an overall rating of 4----the room attendant also knocked on my door around 9, but I forgot to place the Do NOT DISTURB sign on my door, so I can't complain. I guess the walls of the room exterior aren't very sound proof--Oh well, not a huge issue. The Bathroom was super nice with a Glass Encased Shower with rainwater pressure---sybaratic shower experience!! The amenities are by Kiehl's which I love--especially the Coconut Oil Shampoo &amp; Coriander Body Wash! The towels were very soft, as was the carpeting in the room. The lighting in the bathroom is mood lighting &amp; there is a separate WC &amp; a center piece sink which had a cool design. The bath also had a hairdryer &amp; two white shelves for addt'l storage, jars of Q-tips &amp; Cotton Balls &amp; Tissue. The tiling was also really cool! The room also had a solid writing desk with a really trendy overhead lamp, a huge LG Flat Screen TV with great sound, DVD player, cordless phone, large closet with a fully stocked mini-bar, padded hangers, robe &amp; safe. When you walk in, there was also a good storage space with added drawers, local magazines &amp; Ice bucket/glasses, as well as an automated Full-Length mirror. By the window, I had a really cool &amp; very comfy red chair with ottoman, which added a nice splash of color to the room. On the bedside, was an iHOME with good sound &amp; a little bud vase with a beautiful flower---really nice touch. I opted for turn-down service which was lovely, with good milk Chocolate, ice refill, clean towels, etc---the room attendant freshened the bed with febreeze, making the room smell good. Actually, the entire room smelled really good---not sure what it was, but it smelt really good. The room was around 300 Sq. ft, but flowed really well &amp; felt quite spacious--I loved the Furniture &amp; overall design---all Clean, modern, fresh &amp; uncluttered--very important to me in a hotel. The hotel's restaurant is not open yet, but the Lobby bar does have Food &amp; Beverage service for breakfast &amp; lunch---the menus are very limited though. The overall lobby was a series of little seating areas with art books, etc---cool set-up &amp; I felt really comfy in this place! The crowd at the property seemed really young &amp; hip with a handsome group of people all over! Jessica &amp; Sarah were also really kind @ the Front Desk. John, the bellman, helped me resolve an issue with the DVD---he was really nice &amp; efficient. The other bellmen were fine as well. The Concierge was also nice---I think his name was William--I didn't really ask him many questions (only one about a local Mexican place), but he seemed to be informative on the city when other guests were chatting with him. There was also a roomy fitness center, but I never utilized it. I only paid $125 for the room on the Thompson Hotels website, so I got a sweet deal----I think I just got lucky, but the rooms seem to be fairly priced from $155-215 per night. Le Pain Quotidien is a fantastic little Belgian bakery next door, where I grabbed breakfast &amp; sat in the lobby to eat. Their food prices at the hotel were pricey. A glass of Orange Juice was $6---I work in the Hotel industry in NYC, so I should be used to those prices---hmhmh.....Anyways, I totally loved the hotel &amp; would absolutely recommend it to anyone visiting the city----One of my favorite hotels to visit yet!!! Thanks for a GREAT stay!Safe Travels,Patrick Mark Winkler/NYC02 June 2009--	
Jun 1 2009	Sexy hotel with promise. For couples.	Stayed here for one night with my daughter as an alternative to our usual uptown stay. We really enjoyed being in this area! This is a nice hotel, very new, very clean, very minimalistic design, friendly but not entirely helpful staff, but a little too new perhaps. The staff need some seasoning and certain essentials are lacking...such as a business center. I was told that the establishment of the guest business center had been delayed but should be in service soon. Also, really guys, $14.00 for a GLASS of wine that retails for $12.00 a BOTTLE is insulting. INSULTING. There are 3 wine stores within a 4 block radius of the hotel. Do you think people are going to drink wine at the hotel bar?I do not hesitate to recommend this hotel to leisure travelers, especially couples, but I cannot say the same for those travelers with business needs.The bathroom/ shower adds a certain appeal for couples looking for a romantic ambience. Families or those sharing a room who are not couples may want separate rooms. This hotel has much promise and I love the neighborhood. I will try it again, with husband in tow, in a few months. I REALLY REALLY want this hotel to improve because I like it, but a better value can be found.	
May 30 2009 	Trendy in Tribeca	I don’t know if it’s a side-effect of the recession, or if Thompson Hotels is deliberately trying to be accessible, but when I realized I could get a room at the boutique hotel operator’s newest New York City hotel for just $205 a night, I jumped - and I jumped high. The Smyth Hotel, looked fairly fabulous. I’m all for trying out something new, so I bypassed my favorite haunt, the Soho Grand, and booked a room online.A week or so after I made my reservation, I received an email from the concierge team at the hotel, wanting to know if I would need anything, or if I was coming to town for a special occasion. I’ll admit it. I was already impressed. I replied that I was flying up because one of my photographs had been selected for a prestigious gallery exhibit in the Village, and that the only thing I may request is a late checkout.And then, a night before my departure for NYC, I realized I hadn’t made dinner reservations for my night out on the town with friends. My first choice (and favorite NYC restaurant) was Balthazar, but when I called I was told that the only available reservations were for after 10pm. So I decided to test drive my new Smyth concierge and called Ela Iracki and explained my dilemma. I needed a table for eight people and wanted to know if she could work that famous NYC concierge magic and get me an earlier reservation at Balthazar. Ela wasn’t optimistic but said she’d do her best, and then recommended another restaurant - Bar Artisinal - in Tribeca. While I was on the phone with her, she guided me to the restaurant’s website so that I could look at the menus. I gave her the go-ahead to get me into Bar Artisinal if Balthazar was a bust.Twenty minutes later, Ela called me back with the news: they wouldn’t budge at Balthazar, but she talked the people at Bar Artisinal to getting my party in at 9:30. It was still later than I would have liked (not for myself, but for my friends who had to be at work early the next morning), but I took it.By this point, my expectations were set pretty high, and my arrival at The Smyth didn’t disappoint. My taxi was greeted by one of what seemed to be dozens of young and handsome bellmen attired in hip uniforms designed by Helmut Lang. It should be noted that the name “Smyth” is meant to denote the anonymity one can expect at this urban refuge. The Yabu Pushelberg-designed lobby itself seems perfectly suited to this.Trendy in Tribecaqueen-superior-smythI don’t know if it’s a side-effect of the recession, or if Thompson Hotels is deliberately trying to be accessible, but when I realized I could get a room at the boutique hotel operator’s newest New York City hotel for just $205 a night, I jumped - and I jumped high. The Smyth Hotel, looked fairly fabulous. I’m all for trying out something new, so I bypassed my favorite haunt, the Soho Grand, and booked a room online.A week or so after I made my reservation, I received an email from the concierge team at the hotel, wanting to know if I would need anything, or if I was coming to town for a special occasion. I’ll admit it. I was already impressed. I replied that I was flying up because one of my photographs had been selected for a prestigious gallery exhibit in the Village, and that the only thing I may request is a late checkout.And then, a night before my departure for NYC, I realized I hadn’t made dinner reservations for my night out on the town with friends. My first choice (and favorite NYC restaurant) was Balthazar, but when I called I was told that the only available reservations were for after 10pm. So I decided to test drive my new Smyth concierge and called Ela Iracki and explained my dilemma. I needed a table for eight people and wanted to know if she could work that famous NYC concierge magic and get me an earlier reservation at Balthazar. Ela wasn’t optimistic but said she’d do her best, and then recommended another restaurant - Bar Artisinal - in Tribeca. While I was on the phone with her, she guided me to the restaurant’s website so that I could look at the menus. I gave her the go-ahead to get me into Bar Artisinal if Balthazar was a bust.Twenty minutes later, Ela called me back with the news: they wouldn’t budge at Balthazar, but she talked the people at Bar Artisinal to getting my party in at 9:30. It was still later than I would have liked (not for myself, but for my friends who had to be at work early the next morning), but I took it.By this point, my expectations were set pretty high, and my arrival at The Smyth didn’t disappoint. My taxi was greeted by one of what seemed to be dozens of young and handsome bellmen attired in hip uniforms designed by Helmut Lang. It should be noted that the name “Smyth” is meant to denote the anonymity one can expect at this urban refuge. The Yabu Pushelberg-designed lobby itself seems perfectly suited to this.bathroom-smythMy room was small (as are most NYC hotels) but exceedingly chic, decorated in rich wine tones, walnut paneling and custom-made, chrome-accented furniture. The marble bathroom was, to me, the highligh. I tend to judge my lodgings by the bathroom design, and the one at the Smyth made me happy. The towels were plush (but not too plush), and the shower products were by Kiehls. The one thing I did note with a smidgeon of disappointment was the lack of any sink-side goodies like hand lotion.The mini bar was stocked with nosh by Dean &amp; Deluca, along with some fun stuff like a “naughty kit” by Kiki de Montparnasse. It was also, like all hotel minibars, highly overpriced. The tiny tin of cashews? It would have cost me $7.50. The bag of M&amp;Ms was a crazy $4.50. I decided to splurge on a pint-sized bottle of Fiji water that cost me $4. I also used the hotel’s WiFi which, to my disappointment, cost $10 for 24-hours of access. I do realize that hotels make more money off the incidentals than they do on the room rates, but this day and age Internet accessibility, I feel $10 is a bit on the overpriced side.I left the hotel in the early evening to head to the art gallery for the opening reception for my exhibit. One of the doormen literally ran into the middle of West Broadway to get me a taxi. When I returned to the hotel at midnight, however, there was no one to open my taxi door.The second thing I judge in a hotel is the comfort of their beds, and the Smyth was up there. The mattress and the pillows were firm yet cush. The room cooled nicely and it was quiet! I slept like the dead.I checked out right at 11am without a hitch. But there wasn’t a single doorman in sight for my entire ten minutes in the lobby. I hailed my own taxi which, while certainly not a tragedy, disappointed me. It almost felt like I had become a nobody to the Smyth the moment I was no longer their guest. I also noted that the hotel didn’t acknowledge my “special occasion” - not even with a little card. I only bring this up because, on a previous visit to the Soho Grand on my birthday, the hotel manager gifted me with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot and a chocolate cake that was waiting for me in my room. That’s how the Soho Grand got my loyalty.But those silly things aside, I wouldn't hesitate to return to the Smyth Tribeca for my next stay - particularly at that price.	
May 13 2009 	pretty good- likely to come back	the hotel is brand new, so i think the rates are still relatively low- i paid $200++ for a Large King-sized room. The Restaurant si not open yet, but who cares- plenty of options nearby to choose from. The room was nice, spacious, new (of course) and everything looked fab. enjoyed the ipod docking station. I had no problems with the shower, unlike other posters here. I used the well-equipped gym every day. Used the hotel's umbrellas, because it rained every day.. Wireless internet at $10 a day (it should be free, really...) but it worked a charm. I like Tribeca, so the location was good for me, and subway access is excellent. My only comments were that housekeeping needs some improvement- but i left a comment note so i hope they wisen up. I used to stay at the Tribeca Grand, 2 blocks north, which i would rate slightly higher but which was 90$ more expensive so Smyth provides better value for money, at these rates.	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel for weekend vacation or business trip.	What an exceptional place! My wife and I checked in and were immediately greeted by a staff that was extremely courteous (and no joke, everyone looks like a model). The lobby has a very cool, low-key lounge with great drinks. The rooms are amazing. We were fortunate enough to get upgraded to the a mulit-room suite with an awesome bedroom with flat screen on the wall, a sitting area with cool crescent couches that seat a whole group of people (and another flat screen), and kitchen / dining area that could seat at least 10 people. Being a business traveler, I could easily see the whole suite (especially the dining area) being a meeting place for business teams. Finally, the two coolest parts of the suite were the huge private deck overlooking Tribeca, and the amazing bathroom (with multi-jet shower, bench, and Kiehl’s shampoo, etc.). The whole time at the Smyth we were treated like celebrities (and consequently felt like celebrities). We would head back in a heartbeat. Thank you Smyth!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great room cheap rate	We got a good discount by booking through Quickbook and then were upgraded when we got there, making the room nearly half price. Lovely room, handy location with subway, shops, resturants, bars very close by. Helpful staff. Huge and very comfortable bed.	
Apr 23 2009 	Loved it!	We recently had the pleasure of staying at Smyth Tribeca for five nights in April '09. This was part of a three weeks NYC stay and we chose to move hotels several times to get a feel for different neighbourhoods, Smyth was the one we didn't want to leave and if we could've extended our stay we would have!Right from arrival we found all the staff to be lovely, friendly and welcoming which is not always the case in such a 'trendy' looking hotel. Everyone we encountered was great.We had changed our room type several times and booked through Quikbook to get the best rates and we ended up in a King Superior. We had room 501 i think, at the back so it was quiet which we asked for. We arrived around 12 and they were able to accommodate us immediately. Our room was huge by NYC standards, we had just come from 6 Columbus and Smyth was defintely miles above that hotel room and hotel in general.We had a room with no door on the shower but they provide plenty of towels so we just used them to soak up the water on the floor-it's a design choice apparently but i hope it doesn't end up with the bathroom tiles looking grotty.I won't go on about the amenities or location other than that we loved it....so convenient to downtown sights and shopping/subway outside the door etc... and didn't want to leave, for the rest of our trip the other hotels didn't really even measure up. When the restaurant opens later this year that will just add to the ambiance and make the place even better, i just hope it will still be in our price range when we decide to visit NY again.	
Apr 23 2009 	An upscale boutique hotel in a relatively quiet area of lower Manhattan.	My wife and I recently spent a weekend at the Smyth Tribeca Hotel, an upscale boutique hotel in a relatively quiet area of lower Manhattan.We stayed the first weekend in April and took advantage of the hotel’s “soft opening” rate of $165/night for a King Deluxe Room. It was an incredible deal! Our room was approximately 350 square feet with a full, floor to ceiling window overlooking West Broadway. The room was nicely decorated in a contemporary/minimalist theme, with a very comfortable king-size bed. The modern marble, stainless and porcelain, tiled bathroom was quite large for NYC with a frosted glass wall separating it from the bedroom. The huge, two-person, glass-enclosed shower featured a rain showerhead. My wife really liked the Kiehls bath amenities. The room and bathroom were modern and spotless. The hotel restaurant wasn’t open during our stay, but we had a few drinks and appetizers in the lobby bar that were very good. The hotel is within walking distance of the Financial District, Ground Zero and shopping. We also walked to the Palm Sunday Mass at the Church of Saint Peter on Barclay Street, the oldest Roman Catholic parish in New York. The hotel is also close to several good restaurants. On Friday night we had a late lunch at nearby Kitchenette that was quite good for a quick bite to eat. Each morning we got a delicious cup of organic coffee at Le Pain Quotidien, directly adjacent to the hotel. We also easily caught cabs to/from the West Village for dinner at Gusto Ristorante on Saturday night, and Artisanal Bistro in Murray Hill for Sunday Brunch. The hotel also has a decent fitness room with 3 or 4 Life Fitness treadmills. Overall, this was a great stay in a great location and a terrific value. We’d definitely stay here again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nah....Would not stay again....too much hassle	Stayed here two nights recently Room 901. The good:- Excellent location if you are a subway user. You basically have access to several lines within 3 blocks walk. Learn how the express trains work and you’ll be amazed how little time it takes to get uptown.- Very comfy bed and sheets.- Some staff members are awesome - all bellboys esp. Dake, and Maria at front desk.- New property so it’s not gross yet.- Cool neighborhood. New Whole Foods 2 blocks away for a healthy restaurant alternative.- Zucker’s bagels 1/2 block away. Ask the bellboys to point out the direction. Excellent bagels.The not so good:-Tried to check-in at 12:30 pm, no room ready. I understand. Was told I was “guaranteed” a room by 3:00 pm and they would call cell phone when ready. Was led to believe my request for a high floor room in the back was going to happen. Explained I was a light sleeper and didn’t care about a view, just not a lot of street noise.- No room ready until 5:30 pm despite being told absolutely no later than 3:00 pm. No apology or acknowledgment of the late time. Room that was held was low floor front of building. When I explained what I requested to new front desk person, the request was accommodated but the room wasn’t ready. Was told a 10 min. wait. Wait turned out about 50 minutes. If original desk person had been customer service oriented, the room could have been made available. Since we were told only 10 mins, we wasted our time in the lobby since we didn't think we would be there long.- After 50 minute wait to clean the room, room actually had dirty and ripped sheets (staff said due to person in room before who only “sat on the bed”- I thought I waited 45 minutes for them to clean it?) Housekeeping took over 45 minutes to arrive and change sheets. We have now wasted almost 2 hours of a short weekend. - Our shower had no shower curtain or door so water went everywhere as others mentioned. This really sucked. Also, there was no place to put toiletries in shower so everything went on the shower floor and we had to bend down constantly. I was OK but older folks may not have liked it. From other photos, looks like not all showers are configured this way.- Hot water didn’t work for part of Sunday morning - took cold shower then checked out. At check out was asked about stay. Explained so-so. Staff asked what they could do to make it up. I requested some discount on the bill which they wouldn’t do explaining my rate was discounted. I thought a discounted rate was supposed to get me the same service as everyone else. So, I would not stay here again even at a very low rate. It really wasn’t worth the hassle for a short stay. I have stayed at the Millennium Hilton a few blocks away several times and prefer that property. It is not as new but rooms are bigger, they all have shower curtains, and I never have had dirty sheets or slow housekeeping. As a side note, even though our room was an upgraded king, there was no fancy chair as pictured on their Web site. Only one plastic desk chair in the room.	
Apr 9 2009 	Fabulous hotel in Tribeca	This is a perfect hotel if you don't mind traveling by subway to and from other parts of the city. It's right next to one line and 1 block from another. The room I was given was ready even though I arrived before check in time. Since the hotel just opened, I'm not sure it was full. Kiehl products in the space age bathroom. Floor to ceiling windows that look out on busy street, noisy but vibrant during the day, quiet at night. Comfy bed, very cool lighting, everything you need. No body lotion, I called and it was there in seconds. Beautiful, helpful staff, the doorman carried my case down the steps to the subway. The price? An average of $140 per night on Quikbook. My only quibble is the $10 internet charge, but with my rate, I had no right to complain. I hope the price doesn't go up too high as I'd love to stay there again.	
Apr 7 2009 	great new hotel in an unexplored part of manhattan	My husband, nearly 4 year old daughter and I stayed at Smyth for four nights at the beginning of April. We aren't fussy people, don't need crazily attentive service or anything extraordinary - just some kindness from the hotel staff which we definitely got! We booked a King Suite via Quikbook for about 400 dollars and was quite satisfied with reservation.... but we were upgraded to a Thompson Suite which was just gorgeous. Even without the upgrade, I think the hotel was exceptional. The door men were all friendly and chatty (but not in an invasive way) and the concierge very professional. If you have small children, Tribeca is a great place to stay because there are so many young families in the area. It's a quick walk to Soho, there is a great park by the river, and various great restaurants who aren't troubled by having children at the table. I have never really considered Tribeca but must say that having stayed here, I will definitely come back to the area. It's less crazy and populated then the rest of Manhattan, but still offer great restaurants and shopping.	
Mar 31 2009 	Even with soft opening Smyth Tribeca is wonderful	For starters, I hope tripadvisor changes the name of this hotel to Smyth TRIBECA instead of Smyth Hotel; it would be a little easier to find when searching.But on to the task at hand: My wife and I stayed here in early March and found the hotel to be very, very good. We had booked a Studio King room at a ridiculously low rate (I just checked; it is now going for $475 a night). All I knew is that it was a corner room, so was expecting a slightly larger than normal sized room. It was, especially by NYC standards, huge! There was a short hallway to walk through before really entering the room. The decor was what I would call tasteful modern; it wasn't trying to being incredibly hip, but wasn't stodgy, either. The color scheme was dark browns and creams and dark grays, but since the room had so much natural light through the four windows (more on those shortly), it didn't feel dark or cramped. Since it was a corner room, it has two exterior walls, which are basically floor to ceiling windows, affording lovely views of (out our windows, at least; can't speak to other rooms, obviously) West Broadway, Chambers and Hudson Streets. Looking uptown, it was possible to see the Empire State Building. There was a large armoire, which included the obligatory honor bar and Smyth Tribeca logo robes. The sitting area had a comfortable chair and sofa, and there was a desk with chair. The large flat screen TV was on a bracket which allowed viewing from anywhere in the room, and the iPod docking station/alarm clock came in handy.The bathroom was also immense, with both a shower and large soaking tub. Perhaps due to the size of the room, our shower had a door that closed and completely enclosed the shower, unlike the other rooms that mentioned having a problem of water getting everywhere, due to no door on the shower. Plenty of towels were available, and, of course, the Kiehl's products were nice.Service was very friendly; I was constantly being told if we needed anything to be sure to let them know. On our last night, I realized we hadn't checked in for our departing flight, so I went downstairs to see if there was a computer somewhere I could use (there is no business center, at least not yet) to check in online and print out our boarding passes. The concierge simply did it for me; it took all of three minutes. Checkout was quick and pleasant, and when the gentleman asked if everything had been to our liking, he really seemed to mean it!The location is perfect as regards public transit, since the Chambers Street subway station is literally steps from the front door. I had never stayed so far downtown before, but loved it. There were lots of great shops and eating places nearby, it was away from the craziness of Times Square, but, due to the subway, it was easy to get everywhere in a matter of minutes.As to those reviewers who complained about thin walls and noise, I can say that was not a problem for us. I didn't hear anything, but that could be due to the corner location. We also had plenty of hot water, and I didn't notice the room being uncomfortably hot. The thermostat said the room was about 70 degrees, so perhaps that problem has been fixed. I'm sure, as the weeks go by since the opening, those kinks will be worked out. And the rates will go up!My only two minor complaints would be having to pay $10 for 24 hours of wireless internet access. A minor quibble to be sure, but in a hotel of this stature, that should just be available automatically. The other minor point would be as regards room service: we ordered breakfast one morning, and, since I believe it came from Le Pain Quotidian next door, it was a little on the cool side by the time it arrived. It was very good, but they had to bring it down the street. Once the restaurant opens, I should think that problem will be resolved.All in all, I loved the Smyth Tribeca, and would definitely stay there again, especially if these low rates are still available. I'm guessing they won't be, however. I think the place is going to be far too popular to keep the prices low for too much longer.	
Mar 24 2009 	Second time around...my new favorite hotel in NYC!	We just spend another great wekend in NYC and again stayed at the Smyth for an incredible rate of $120.00 for a King room, booked via Quikbook. We had stayed in a Queen about 4 weeks before and I really must say, even the Queen, their smallest room category, is exeptionally large for NYC standards! I love the location with tons of restaurants around and the subway station is right in front of the door. Our room was toward the back and therefore very quite. The staff is excellent! One example: When we pulled up with the taxi in front of the hotel, the bellboy came out right away, took our 2 carry-ons out of the trunk and asked us if we needed help with our luggage. (He was helpful, but still gave us the choice to take his services or not, which I personally appreciate. Sometimes you just want to carry your bags yourself and not have them held hostage in a desperate attempt for a tip.) He than asked our name and radioed it back to the front desk, while we were still in front of the hotel. So when we got to the frontdesk, they already had our reservation pulled up and it took us maybe 2 min. to check-in. The bellboy had brought our luggage inside,kept an eye on it, however did not hover around it. We went to him, gave him a tip and told him, that we will take it up ourselves. Everybody we encountered working there was courteous, helpful, but not overbearing. The rooms and bathrooms are new, modern and have ample storage space for your belongings. The pics of the rooms on the website are really what the rooms actually look like. The restaurant is not not yet finished, but since our previous visit, room service as well as breakfast served in the bar area was added.We definitely will return and hope the rates will not go up to soon!	
Mar 12 2009	Comfy beds nice bathroom	I recently stayed in a deluxe double room for 3 nights with my 23 year old daughter. The room was large and had a great bathroom. Because it was a larger deluxe room, there was a very nice soaker tub in the bathroom, not a walk-in shower. The bathroom had a very long counter which was great for two women to use at the same time. The beds were very comfortable. The flat screen t.v. was large, the internet worked well (but there was a daily charge for it), we like the iPod clock radio speaker system, and as an added bonus, there was a fridge in the room which was useful for drinks and snacks. Staff were very nice and helpful - we used the concierge service in advance as the concierge had sent an e mail in advance asking us if we wanted anything arranged. The front desk and bell staff were also very helpful. Location was ok - close to lots of Tribeca restaurants and walking distance to the fFinancial district. Good access to many subway lines. I would have liked a coffee maker in the room, but to be fair there are lots of places just outside of the door to get food. There were two things I didn't like - the rooms were not soundproof so we could hear our next door neighbours at times. The other issue was the temperature. As others have mentioned, it was quite warm in the room. The front desk clerk said that because of the heating system (which is &quot;green&quot; as in eco friendly), there is no way to really adjust the heat. The system for the entire hotel is either on heat or air conditioning. The room window did open so there was some ability to let in fresh cold air, but this isn't a real solution. However, on the whole I enjoyed this hotel and would recommend it if you are interested in this location.	
Mar 12 2009 	Hip hotel great location friendly staff still working out the kinks...	I booked this trip through Quickbook.com &amp; got a rate of $112/night for a king suite. The rate online through their website is currently $524/night for the room we booked. I believe Priceline and Hotwire had the room listed for $200. The hotel is brand new and the staff advised us that they are still in their soft opening--hence the &quot;kinks&quot; I mentioned earlier. Will get to that...The location (Tribeca, mere steps from the subway and good food) is excellent. We ate breakfast at the Cosmopolitan Cafe, which is only one block away, every morning. The hotel restaurant is not open yet, but the bar is open for service with relatively (for NYC) inexpensive drinks ($10 mixed). Our room was outfitted with mod furniture, an iPod docking station, flatscreen HD tv, upscale minibar, and Khiels products in the bathroom. I loved the open plan of the room--it made the room seem large, when in actuality, it's not too big. I read an earlier review of this hotel that noted the bathroom has no door. Well, it IS an open bathroom, but you can slid a thick wooden screen across the toilet area to section it off. The shower section, with a Kohler waterfall shower head, is also great. Keep in mind that this shower is only enclosed on one side and with slightly frosted glass (again, possibly not for the modest or for those traveling with friends with whom you're not too close). You get the Post delivered every morning, too. While the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, there were some billing mistakes made on our final total. One staff member quoted a price for parking our car, while another staff member charged us differently. They didn't know how to solve the problem, so they ended up just taking $20 off of our bill ($65/day to park). Why not give the customer the original price quoted? The night staff, again while friendly, seems to have a different operating system than the day staff. I think this will all be worked out once they have a few months or a year under their belt. Oh, and you do have to pay for Wireless internet access ($10/24 hours). Other than that minor mistake, I would recommend this place. Safe, comfortable, clean, and fantastic location.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Hotel - Great location room staff the whole thing. Will return!!!	We booked this hotel because the rate was great and we love Thompson Hotels. The staff was amazingly attentive. The location was perfect being right on the subway line. We were upgraded to a King Suite which was sweet! Awesome trendy decor, huge bathroom. All very clean! Kiehl's products were awesome as were the televisions and iHome for the iPod. Our stay occurred a few weeks after they opened, so they didn't have their restaurant open. Didn't matter since there are tons of places to eat near. The lounge was comfortable as well. I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Don't understand the negative hype - this place is a gem!	When my fiance &amp; I travel, we routinely stay in Thompson Hotels, and we've had very good luck in the past in NYC, both at Gild Hall in the Financial District and in the new LES Hotel located, of course, on the lower east side. There was no question in our minds that we would stay at Smyth Hotel in Tribeca when the astonishingly low rate of $112 per WEEKEND NIGHT popped up on Quikbook. Soft opening? No problem! We readily took advantage and weren't the least bit disappointed.The highlights:-Location was a bit out of the way for anyone needing to do anything above 14th street but the hotel is directly in front of the 1,2,3 lines at the Chambers St stop and was a 10 min subway ride via express to Penn Station. We had no complaints. Extremely easy to walk around downtown: 5 minutes to Century 21, Starbucks immediately across the street and a very lucky find, Zuckers Bagels, tucked right around the corner near Hudson.-The lobby is a very subdued, modern achievement with cozy nooks to have a drink or a read and very attentive, attractive, mod-ish staff. From doormen to the concierge to those at the front desk, everyone we came in contact with was gracious &amp; accommodating. -The construction mentioned in previous reviews was kept to a minimum while we were there, and was only heard during normal working hours during the week - we heard not a peep on the weekends. We had the foresight to request a quiet room away from construction and elevators and were given a perfect location, away from any noise. Once in the room, we heard nothing from outside or the hallways.-The room was, by any standards, extremely spacious. Our reservation was for a queen superior room, likely on the low end of the luxury spectrum, and it was larger than most NYC hotel rooms of the deluxe variety. I imagine these low rates will quickly disappear once the hotel &quot;opens&quot; and develops a regular clientele (as it will undoubtedly do!) but our $112 bought us an enormous room: at least 2-3 from bed to wall in any direction and much more space in front of the armoire and bathroom, a large window with black out curtains, a desk with ample room to do any computing, a lovely pillow soft queen bed with quality linens, both drawers and armoire storage space for our clothes and bags, an interesting mini bar should we have been interested (we weren't) and a bathroom with wonderful water pressure and Kiehls hair products (in which we were interested.)The minor, truly minor things we might have liked to be a little different - I can't even call them low points because they weren't:-The shower had no door, which seems to be very en vogue in boutique hotels, but tends to get the bathroom floor a bit messy. Even if you tilted the shower head, it was slippy in there.-The bathroom had no fan, which meant when taking a hot shower in a shower without doors, inevitably it got stuffy in there fast. Cracking the door took care of the problem, but still.-That's seriously it.We had a great stay and if we can afford it in the future once the rates skyrockets, we'll definitely be back.	
Mar 1 2009 	Did not impress...	We stayed two nights at this hotel. Front desk was very friendly and welcoming. There were some mistakes in room rate which were corrected immediately. Unfortunately during the check out we noticed the rate was still incorrect, this was solved immediately before charging credit card.Hotel location is very good, it is very well connected with public transport. Subway to uptown/Brooklyn is just on the corner. The line taking you to JFK airport is a few steps walking and WTC station which offers a great connection to Newark airport is just 5 minutes walking.Back to hotel. It is all new but not completely finished. Stayed in other Thompson hotels before which was the reason why I chose the new Smyth. But this time it did not impress me! The room did not impress me. We stayed in double deluxe room 604 (we booked king but it was not available). Room looked cold because of dark furniture colors and there were no details which would make room look warmer. The bed was very comfortable. There is no turn down service like in other Thompson's hotels. Bathroom is big, with Kiehl's products. Some walls in bathroom were unfinished. The worse thing of this room is connecting door to the other room. I have stayed in hotels with connecting doors to other room before but this was the worse isolated door. We could literally hear everything what other guest in other room were saying. So, if you do mind hearing intimate noises of other guest make sure you are not staying in 604! This is probably the first Thompson hotel which charges you for wireless internet (10$). We did not have breakfast at hotel since there are many nice places in the neighborhood to have a good breakfast. But despite all little negative things I have mentioned we had quite nice stay. Rooms are big compare to NYC standard, new A/C which is very quiet, great location and very friendly hotel staff. Above that all, the room rate we got from quickbook was amazing!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location and sincere staff in a boutique hotel!	I am a New York native living currently in Tokyo and on a trip back to NYC stayed at the Smyth. I also got a great rate through Quikbook - and was upgraded to a King Deluxe room. The front desk staff were cheerful, efficient and kind. The bell staff were terrific - friendly and energetic. The room was enormous - and I loved the great red chair in the room. While the hotel lacked a restaurant for now - there were so many places for food nearby - Odeon, Pain Quotodien, Whole Foods, etc. and besides you want to explore New York's culinary scene. My room was a tad overheated - but I cracked the window, and I did not notice any building noise as mentioned by a previous review. The shower was lovely, I loved the Kiehl's products. The hotel was quiet and comfortable, and the location could not have been better - I am ready to move in!	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice rooms though no climate control and thin walls	We spent a Saturday night in mid-February at the newly opened Smyth hotel. We had reserved a King Superior at the $135/night pre-opening promotion. We arrived at 2pm and they were able to give us a room early and upgraded us to a King Deluxe room which I believe is a bit larger and had floor to ceiling windows overlooking W Broadway.We enjoyed the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location downtown was great, right next to the Chambers street subway stop. The room was large and comfortable. The biggest issue we had is the climate control was not working in the room. You could not get the room cooler than 75 degrees which is stifling hot to someone who is used to sleeping in temps closer to the 50s. It made for a sweaty night. Also, our neighbor returned to his room around 2 am and I clearly heard him exclaim, &quot;75 degrees! Are you kidding me?&quot; We also could hear other conversations in the morning so the walls aren't too thick. Hopefully the thermostat is a kink they will get worked out soon.The room was nicely appointed. The sheets and towels were obviously new as the sheets were still a tad scratchy and the towels weren't terribly absorbent and I believe multiple laundering will help both problems. The bed had a bottom sheet and a duvet with duvet cover, no top sheet. The shower wall was separated from the room by opaque glass which provided an interesting illusion if you were in the room and someone was showering. I wouldn't recommend that two people who are modest around each other share a room here. We enjoyed the free NY Post on the doorknob in the morning.	
Feb 24 2009 	this hotel is not finished and has building work	Am currently in the Smyth and the building work is now deafening and it is only 8am. This hotel is not finished and has no restaurant. By the sound of things not all the rooms are finished as the builders start at 7am.The pipe work is not up to standard and rattling pipes will wake you during the night.When it is finished it looks like htis will be a great hotel - I would advise against staying here unless you can verify that there is no building work - unless you plan to be up and out before 7am....	
Feb 16 2009 	Loved the new hotel !	We just stayed at this newly opened boutique hotel in the TriBeCa. The hotel is centrally located with all the good shops and hot spots in the area. The hotel staff was top notch which is tough to find in NYC. The hotel opened two weeks ago so we were able to get a sweet deal at $179 a night. Upon check in we were upgraded to a king size suite! This was the deal of the year. The room was huge and all brand new. It had a separate sitting area with a couch and flat scene LG tv . The king size bed was super comfy and also had a nice flat panel on he wall. An AM/FM ipod clock radio was nice also. The bathroom was beautiful with a tub and shower and a separate open shower area. The size and layout were perfect.We only had two slight gripes. There was only one robe in the large closet and we got spanked on the overnight parking at $75 !All in all a great new hotel which is sure to get even better. We can't wait to go back.	
Sep 8 2009 	Sin duda ha sido un acierto elegir este hotel		
