	Really nice!	Stayed here with my husband for 5 nights. We were really pleased with the hotel, our room was spacious, stylish and ultraclean and we even had a side view to the Empire State Building. Staff was very helpful and polite. Location is just perfect!One night when we returned from dinner there was a complimentary box of chocolates for us - that made us happy!Only minus was that in the breakfast restaurant it was really cold, the AC was full on although it wasn't hot outside...	
	Brilliant location 	Staff at Morgans Hotel are both friendly and helpful, our stay was in November and it was my first visit to New York. The location of the hotel is brilliant as you are a 5min walk away from the Empire State Building and a 10min walk away from both Times Square &amp; Grand Central Station. We found the continental breakfast a good way to set you up for the day, with fresh fruit, cereal, bagels, muffins to name a few of the things lay on the table in Asia de Cuba; the modern restaurant/bar within the hotel. Our room was 1902 on the top floor, this room made our stay extra special...the design of the room was lovely with an open shower in the bedroom and its high spire-like celing made the room unique. Also the bed was huge!! The roof terrace had lovely views of the Empire State Building and it was nice to sit &amp; relax listening to the noise of the city. We thought that the all day free tea &amp; coffee service in the Living Room on the 4th floor was a nice touch for a place to sit &amp; relax after a hard days shopping!! This hotel is very modern and has a black &amp; white theme all the way through, it has a trendy but warm and welcoming feeling to it....i would recommend to anyone.	
Nov 16 2009 	Definitely returning to this one	I've stayed in a lot of the chain names in NYC because you trust them to meet standards. But the costs make you gasp. This was the same service, the same high-quality room and the same safe location on a bargain price. Our Travelzoo promotion even included a Metro card, which handled all of our sightseeing on the first day.Morgans is a gem, and I plan to return.	
Nov 14 2009	It's OK	My sister and I had a girls' getaway long weekend in NYC. We found The Morgan's online and called directly for a reservation. We had to purchase an upgrade to a suite as the regular rooms were filled, but not at a bad price compared to the cost of most suites in The City. The suite was good sized, with the exception of the bathroom, which was TINY! The checker board wall tile doesn't help it look any bigger.The suite we were given had windows on two sides, which you would expect would provide some nice light. However one side looked DIRECTLY into another bedroom. Yes, we could actually see people laying in their bed if we left the shade up slightly. The other window had a view of a wall - very dark and dismal. When we asked to be moved to a room that was not so dark, we were told all the other rooms were sold out. This was very early in the afternoon, so it did not seem sensible that there were no alternatives available. We got the feeling it might have been too much trouble to actually check.Watch out for &quot;free interenet&quot; That is only true if you have your own laptop. If you use their computer in the 4th floor &quot;living room&quot; you have to purchase the internet connection. The connection is sort of slow... so you end up buying more time in order to complete anything you need to do on-line. Most upscale hotels do not charge at all any more.When checking out we asked that the bill be divided evenly between two credit cards. Come to find out the entire amount was charged to one credit card. Luckly, as I said, I was traveling with my sister, so we worked it out between us. So verify your receipts when you leave.Overall, the location is very good, the size of the suite was nice (except the bathroom).the staff was friendly, and the breakfast was fresh and good. Not a GREAT hotel or a great deal for NYC, but certainly OK.	
Nov 7 2009 	Very friendly	We visited NYC from Australia and were impressed with the well presented Morgans hotel. The staff were consistently friendly, but not fake, and the hotel itself surpassed our expectations. We were pleasantly surprised when we discovered we had been upgraded to a deluxe room with the long lounge seat and pleasant view. The rooms as we expected are quite small, in particularly the bathroom, but it was well furnished and for an old building it was in excellent condition. A tip for NYC travelers is to pack light or pay for a larger room, as we did have to remain organised in order to trawl through our large luggage within the confines of our small room; but since we were hardly ever in the room it's not a big deal. A neat surprise was the new lounge area, with complimentary tea and coffee as well as LCD tvs, paid internet access and some couches where you can relax and plan your travels. I also made use of the new gym, with enough equipment to keep your fitness up whilst visiting. The complimentary continental breakfast was great, and open until 11am; it was enough to keep our hunger at bay until lunch. Location was great, as we would simply stroll for 5 mins to Grand Central, or just continue on to Central Park. There isn't much night life in Midtown, but taxis are plentiful and relatively cheap. For this reason we broke our trip in two, Morgans was an excellent base for touring central and northern NY, then we decided to spend a few days further South so we could just walk around.Overall we were very happy, and enjoyed the new lounge and gym, and of course the polite and friendly staff.	
Nov 7 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Morgan!	This was our first stay at this property but it will not be the last. We found the Morgan after searching TA for the best bang for buck, and as usual we started looking at the last minute. Many of our normal NY hotels were full and I came across the Morgan. The hotel sits in our favorite area (Murry Hill), close to everything. The Hotel is on Madison Ave between 37 and 38th. A small convenience store sits right next to hotel for water and Misc. And there is a liquor store directly across the street. Asia de Cuba is the hotel restaurant and this is one of the best spots in NY for happy hour and dinner. This is also where you eat your free continental each morning.We had a loft room, aprox 460 SF and loved it. The room was modern but very functional and comfortable. The only area I thought to be lacking was the bathroom. The shower was small and the entire space had a cold dark feeling. The sink was tiny and every time you used the water it splashed every where. There was also no place to set things down and the mirror was super small. The tub however was great. All and all, this did not spoil the room one bit. The bed was one of the best I have ever slept in. The 2 flat screens were nicely placed but the reception was not clear.The staff was fabulous throughout the hotel, very kind and helpful. The gym was small but very functional and clean.The fourth floor lounge was an extra room to sit and have coffee, watch tv, use apple computers, newspapers and magazines. I guess this comes in handy if you are with a large group and want to mingle as there is no real hotel lobby with furniture and chairs.All and all we had a great stay and will return.	
Nov 6 2009 	Unremarkably excellent	I really enjoyed my stay. People are friendly, breakfast is nice and room was quiet. The bathroom seemed a bit old-fashioned, but no problem, maybe I just don't like that style.Thank you Debbie for your guidelines on the conditioner. A guest from Austria appreciates your dedication to your job and your help on finding the product again. This review is mostly for you.	
Oct 30 2009 	Stylish santuary in the city that never sleeps!	We arrived approaching midnight on a stormy October evening after a nightmarish flight with BA (don't ask!). Immediately as you enter the tasteful lobby area you are greeted with an air of warmth, courtesy and professionalism from the exceptional staff. The room was perfect for us - young(ish!) professional couple: smart decor, if lacking attention to detail on the finishing in places (but still incredible value for the price); beautifully soft linen and bedding for you to collapse into at the end of another hectic NYC day; large flatscreen TV with great selection of channels (in comparison with European hotels); desk/dressing table area with a genorous helping of electrical sockets for all your technilogical gizmos; full-length well-lit mirror to check that you look vaguely presentable; window-ledge cushioned seating area allowing you to admire the views whilst planning your itenary for the day. The only slight letdown for us was the bathroom, which could've used a little TLC: the bathtub was quite worn with chipped enamel in places, plus it was very slow to drain so if you like long, lingering hot showers after a long days' sight-seeing you need to keep an eye on the water level in the tub; ours was close to overflowing on a few occassions! These, however, are very minor gripes especially when you consider the astonishing value for money this hotel offers. Included in the price was a delicious continental breakfast, comprising of bagels, cream cheese, croissants, jam, fresh fruit, yoghurt, muffins, fresh juice and tea/coffee. Another major plus-point is the location, right in the heart of bustling Manhattan, a few blocks from the Empire State Building and a little further to Times Square. You're also a stone's throw from the magnificent Grand Central station from which you can access any part of the city (and beyond!) that your heart desires. We found the fourth floor 'Living Room' to be a marvellous asset too, especially to use the internet facilities to check in for our return flight and in that sometimes uncomfortable gulf between room check-out and the airport transfer. The thing that really set this place apart, though, was the amazing staff: helpful, friendly and full of great ideas and recommendations, these people really know their stuff - don't hesitate to ask them anything and everything about your stay in NYC! I would thoroughly recommend Morgans to anyone - I just hope your stay is as wonderful as ours was.	
Oct 26 2009 	Morgan's - The Best I Have Experienced in The Big Apple	I have stayed in NY from Australia on 3 occasions now. Previously I have had one very disappointing and one very good hotel - but Morgan's sits high above them both. We had a standard Queen room - which had just the right amount of space. The bed was actually a Queen, which I have seen misadvertised in the past. The room was very clean and modern, complete with a wall mounted flat screen TV (not that I travel internationally to watch TV - but it was great for the mornings/nights after our activities during the day/night). The location was great, Madison Avenue is right next to 5th Avenue - so it is in an ideal location if you are looking to partake in the shopping Meccah that is NYC. Also I have stayed in midtown (off Broadway) twice, and I would recommend Morgan's location over that. Staying off Broadway is a nice novelty the first time you do NYC, but I enjoyed being away from it this time. At Morgan's you are located a close distance to all the New York tourist attractions (Broadway, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Empire State etc.) and in a great position if you want to explore more of the city such as SoHo, China Town, Chelsea, Financial District and so on. The restaurant was fine - and we were lucky enough to have the complimentry breakfast daily included with our stay - and this was always a good start to the day - all you could possibly want for a simple breakfast was there, breads, cereals, fruit, juice and coffee. There was also a menu should you want a more upscale breaky. I never ate lunch or dinner at the hotel restaurant, so can't comment on this.Easily the jewel in the crown at Morgan's though is the staff. Even the staff who you randomly run into in the elevator or the hall say hello or ask you how your day is. The front desk/concierge/door staff were exceptional - nothing was ever a hassle for them. I was able to easily arrange a late check in and late check out. The staff were also keen to know what we planned for the day and how our day was on our return. On top of this my fiance had a slight medical emergency very early in the morning of one of our stays - I had to call the front desk who suggested a local hospital that provided 24 hour care. The staff member at the time helped me get a cab and ensured the driver knew exactly where to take us. Hours late after we arrived the same staff member was very helpful in wanting to know if everything was okay, and offered further assistance and was incredibly courteous. Overall the staff are the best I have come accross in a hotel (both international and domestic) - and when I next travel to New York the easiest decision I will make is staying once again at Morgan's.My only tiny negative would be the fact that there was not a free Wi-Fi service for guests - but this is not something that you come accross often at hotels, so I wouldn't even call this a complaint - just something that would make Morgan's even more superior than they already are.Overall - easily the best hotel stay I have had - I would recommend them to any other traveller I knew going to New York and I will stay there on my next jaunt to New York City. Thanks again Morgan's.	
Oct 19 2009 	Really enjoyed our honeymoon	Only two days after our wedding here in the Netherlands, we arrived at Morgans. We mentioned that we were newly-weds and the lady at the reception arranged a quiet room for us.When returning at our room after our first walk into town -yes, the Morgans is that central located- we were suprised to find a wedding-gift in our room (CD), offered to us by the Hotel Manager.Breakfast also was good, would not need anything more: fruit&amp;yoghurt, cereal, bagles, croissants, etc, etc. Went to 'Asia de Cuba' later on in the week for a great dinner (reservations made by the hotel staff, just another example of how friendly and servicable the staff is at Morgans).Another point to mention: the living room on the 4th floor. free coffee &amp; tea, lots of magazines to read and two TV-sets. Only thing missing: free wifi....In short: thanks to all the service received at Morgans, our honeymoon in NYC could not be any better. When returning to New York, we surely will choose Morgans again!	
Oct 17 2009	Just love it	I stayed at Morgan's with my mum who is in her mid-seventies and we both loved it. When we arrived almost 22 hours had elapsed since we had left home as we had to travel a long way to get to Heathrow for our flight to JFK. We arrived, exhausted, at Morgan's at 10pm local time only to be told that our room was unavailable as there had been a leak of some kind. We were sent to the Kitano Hotel around the corner for one night which was fine apart from the fact that we were next door to some very noisy American girls in their late teens and we didn't get much sleep in spite of complaining to the front desk. When the staff at Morgan's found this out they waived the room charge for the Kitano and also the charge for the first night at Morgan's. In addition to this we were upgraded to the Loft suite for the rest of our stay and given a beautiful platter of fresh fruit and a bottle of wine!Breakfast was great - plenty of fresh fruit, tea, coffee, croissants, bagels, cereal and fruit juice. The Loft was fabulous - spotlessly clean, bright and spacious with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in! I found the location of the hotel to be ideal, it is only a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station and the shops of 34th Street. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to New York, and would definitely stay there again if and when I return. I sincerely hope that Morgan's management realise how much of an asset their staff are, especially William and Ha on the front desk who are both such warm and lovely people. We did come across some rude New Yorkers but everyone at Morgan's was fantastic! Thank you to you all for such a wonderful stay.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great place to stay	At first I was worried that the Morgans Hotel was too far away from where I wanted to be (near Central Park, by Times Square..) but after staying my first night of a 3 night trip not only did I figure out that those places were not that far away but the Morgans Hotel has a great location with many things to do around it as well. It felt like I was living in a loft rather than a hotel. The free breakfast was great, the hotel staff nice (they went out of their way to find me 2 umbrellas to use for an unexpected rain storm), and the room had a nice view. I have decided that next time I go back to New York City, I am AVOIDING the over crowded Times Square area and staying again at the Morgans. Oh, it is also a great hotel for kids. We went for my husbands business but my three year old and I felt very safe and at home alone at the hotel when he was in meetings.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Wedding Night stay!	This is a very chic and sexy hotel! I've stayed at their sister hotels in South Beach and the Morgan's group never ceases to amaze. The round tub was delightful and the room's layout gave us privacy and it gave it a suite feel. The concierge was helpful and the Manager sent up complimentary champagne and strawberries dipped in chocolate as a gift since it was our wedding night.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean typical NY hotel ok location	The location wasn't too bad if you don't mind walking a few blocks to get to Times Square, Rockfeller Center, etc. Bathroom was small, I don't think you could sit on the toilet and open the door (although I don't know why you would, but my boyfriend couldn't just walk in and pee...easily anyway). When we first got to our room I noticed that it looked like the lock had been ripped out of the door. We were on our way out to the Museum of Nat History, so I asked if we could please be moved. When I got back, we were told that the engineer had fixed the lock on the door. I was a little wary of staying in the room, but the manager gave us free room service as there were no other rooms available. Very polite. We were able to stow our bags in the morning and then pick them up in the afternoon when we were leaving. Didn't try the restaurant, but I don't think I would've anyway. There are way too many good restaurants in the city than to eat at the hotel!	
Sep 24 2009 	My new favorite place to stay in NY.	Excellent location, exceptional staff - very friendly and accomodating. Clean and comfortable.	
Sep 12 2009 	Amazing honeymoon in NYC	We returned a few days ago from our week long honeymoon at Morgans, and we couldn't have asked fr a better experience.We arrived following a long flight from the UK, having had very little sleep, about an hour before check in time. Unfortunately our room was not ready but our bags were taken and we were shown up to the living room where we enjoyed comfortable sofas, magazines, TV and complimentary tea and coffee (the caffeine was a godsend!). When we were able to check in, we were told we were being given an upgrade to a superior room, completely unexpected! The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and they guy who showed us to our room and carried our bags was fantastic, he showed us every amenity in our room, gave us some recommendations, and was completely engaging and friendly.The room was lovely and spacious, with a view of the Empire State Building. The tolietries provided were lovely (especially the shower gel!) and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've stayed in. After unpacking and a reshen up, we went out for an early dinner, then came back for an early night, only to find a bottle of water and some cookies had been left as a welcome gift!The rest of the week was marvellous. Every member of staff we encountered was very friendly, asking how our stay was going and they were only too keen to offer recommendations of we wanted them. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Even little touches, like every time we went into the hotel one of the front desk staff would always call &quot;Hello ladies&quot; and offer us a big smile, which made us feel very welcome.The hotel was in a fantastic location, close to many sights and within easy reach of the subway, but at the same time in a quiet enough location that we were never bothered by street noise.The complimentary breakfast was a lovely touch, the croissants were very tasty. We ate there most mornings (although did venture out some mornings for a more authentic NY breakfast!). We also ate one evening in Asia de Cuba (the front desk staff made a reservation for us) and that too was fantastic.The end of the week came too fast and we were disappointed to leave. We checked out in the morning but were not leaving NY til 5pm, so again we made use f the living room to change and freshen up before the long flight.I cannot thank the staff at Morgan's enough. We've been to NY together a few times, and we really wanted to make this a memorable trip as it was out honeymoon. Morgans was by far the best hotel we've stayed at in NY and we had a wonderful time. I'd recommend it to anyone travelling to the city	
Sep 7 2009 	Convenient Location Okay amenities	From the street, you would never know it's Morgans Hotel since the name is not on display. Convenient location to uptown attractions: Empire State Building, 5th Ave. shopping, Korea Town, etc.PROS: modern decor, quiet hallways, living room w/ free tea &amp; coffee; free continental breakfast (not great but good); day pass at near-by New York Sports ClubCONS: few toiletries, internet in living room costs $$$Suggestions to increase comfort since I know management sometimes read these reviews: 1) a few free bottled waters; 2) free lotion included w/ toiletries (lotion at mini-bar for $$$); 3) place a vent in the restroom	
Sep 7 2009 	Very good hotel in Midtown Manhattan	I would describe the hotel as good. Upon check in we were offered the choice of a quieter or more scenic room.Overall the hotel was in a decent position within walking distance of everywhere we needed to be. We had plenty of space (in a King Suite) and the bed was very comfortable. For Midtown Manhattan the room was very quiet and we were not disturbed at all duing our stay.Main negatives were the cleanliness of the shower (particularly the extractor area above it) could have been improved and the television picture was not great.Hairdyer broke in use and was quickly repaired and the welcome chocolates were a nice touch.We didnt think much of the continental breakfast (dry croisants and muffin) and didnt bother going to it again after the first morning (we were there for eight nights) but there were plenty of decent locations nearby.Use of wifi internet in the room was fairly expensive at $10 a day.If returning we would probably include the hotel in our shortlist but it wouldnt automatically be a first pick.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good hotel for a few days' stay	We were a party of 4 adults and 2 teenagers and stayed for 4 nights at the end of August 2009. The location of the hotel is good being on Madison Avenue and within easy walking distance of the Empire State Building and Times Square. The rooms were fine, nothing too fancy but comfortable, clean and quite well equipped. We had continental breakfast included which is served in the adjoining restaurant (with connecting door for access) and which was OK but became a bit repetitive after a few days. There is a communal 'living room' on the 4th floor where there are a few sofas, televisions and large table with complimentary coffee. Other than this the only public area is the lobby. The staff were pleasant and helpful. All-in-all a good base for a short visit to NY.	
Sep 6 2009 	Such a disappointment	For a boutique hotel, our stay turned out to be a running disaster. We stayed for three days. One adult and one teen-ager. This was my nieces first stay in NYC and I wanted it to be special. By the end of the stay, she totally hated this hotel and refused to step foot in it. She felt the desk staff was too snobby. The facilities broke down and the staff did nothing to repair them while we were there. The staff does not cater to kids or teen-agers well. The glass shower door never closed properly and when reported (twice) was told by the front desk staff that is was supposed to &quot;not close!&quot; Now imagine the bathroom floor flooding each time my niece or I took a shower because the shower door swung open the whole time was a planned thing.... totally unexceptable. Dangerous and a poor excuse on their part.The room temperature was never able to be adjusted to a comfortable range even though the dial numbers said the a comfortable range. So our room was hot the whole time we were there. The toilet became plugged and we reported that and it was not fixed on the morning we left. The two electronic room keys both quit working and we had to get them both replaced. Last but not least, the outside doorknob to the room fell off. Unbelieavable! The next day, we checked out but had forgot something and wanted to get back into the room. We were let into the room by one of the doorman. The same handle fell off into to his hand again. He nonchanlantly put it back again. Obviously things do not get fixed in this place. The only pluses: comfortable beds and nice TV, and the continental breakfast. Very nice doormen. I have stayed at this hotel before and had a good room so don't know if this was just a bad room or the hotel has really gotten worse since I last visited in April.	
Sep 5 2009 	An incredible stay in NYC	My wife and I were 'reentering' the US after two weeks in Turkey and Greece. We lived in NYC in years past, and try to visit at least once a year to recharge on the city's energy and amazing people. We thoroughly enjoy doing our research prior to a visit and unearthing new finds (at least for us) that are also a good value.I believe the Morgan's hit it out of the ballpark for us. It really delivered on all fronts; incredible value (considering an unsolicited upgrade), fantastically comfortable beds, a most sincere/friendly/helpful front desk and service staff. And lastly the complimentary breakfast in the adjacent Asia de Cuba restaurant was a perfect 10.We knew we would need quiet to adjust our sleeping patterns and catch up on our jet lag. I mentioned this to the woman who took our reservations 4 weeks prior to arrival. She apparently passed this along in her notes in the reservation, and when we checked in, we were told we had been upgraded to a quiet suite in the back of the hotel. As it turned out the room was ideal. They put us in a room with a nice sized living room separated from the bedroom by sliding doors and a bathroom. Both the bedroom and the living room overlooked an air shaft, which kept the room dark and quiet. A perfect environment to catch up on sleep at odd hours for the next few days.We will most definitely be back! Thank you Morgan's staff, you are incredible.-S. Smith	
Aug 29 2009 	Public spaces OK downhill from there	Bought through at Priceline큦 auction, paying $185 for one night (incl. taxes). Listed by Priceline as a 4-4.5 star hotel (out of 5 possible) in NYC큦 Central Park South Zone. While staff was friendly, and most public spaces I guess one might call innovative, the hallways reminded us of the YMCA큦 residency halls in Manhattan. The rooms were tacky little boxes -- probably hasty makeovers from the SRO (Single Room Occupancy) hotels of times gone by. Bathrooms might possibly rival those at Hitchcock큦 Bates Motel, but not by much. The elevators worked well, though. Sam E	
Aug 28 2009 	A home away from home	I am actually staying in the hotel on my second night and I have decided to write this. I had read various Trip Advisor reviews before I arrived and have to concur with any positive reviews of this hotel. On arrival we were met by very enthusiastic staff. The staff member who checked us in was humorous, respectful, welcoming and friendly. The guy who brought us to our room was very enthusiastic yet &quot;down to earth&quot; and gave us advice on a place to eat on our arrival. We took him up on this and will certainly be seeking his advice again. Our room is cool and comfortable and frankly a lot more pleasant than several other (some more expensive) NYC hotels we have stayed in. At the end of a long day in NYC, it's a bonus to come home to Morgans. By the way, any WiFi issues in the past have been sorted... I am writing this review on my iPhone from our room.	
Aug 21 2009 	beautiful friendly and perfectly located	We spent our honeymoon in NY and the Morgans helped to make it a wonderful time. First of all, we were positively surprised that our room looked exactly like on the photos on their website: a beautifully designed room with a lot of love for details. When it comes to taste, some 5-stars could really learn from them! Of course, everything was very clean as well. The real surprise followed when we opened the curtain: we had a panorama view of the Empire State Building, which was simply breath-taking. The staff was always very friendly and helpful and did everything to make us feel comfortable.	
Aug 17 2009 	Mediocre - Not a 4 star	After reading all of the favorable reviews, our stay at Morgan's in New York was disappointing. It started with a bad check in experience. I arrived shortly after 1:00 PM on a Saturday, after arriving in NYC by train. I asked for a room with a king bed, only to be advised that all of the &quot;Standard&quot; and &quot;Deluxe&quot; rooms had Queen beds. I then asked for a room with two twin beds, only to be told that no such rooms existed at this hotel ( contrary to what was described by an earlier reviewer ). I was told that I would have to pay for an upgrade to a suite, if I wanted a king bed. Since we had tickets for a 2:00 PM matinee, I agreed to what I thought was a $75 flat rate for a suite upgrade, and was more than annoyed when I received a bill for almost $90 at check out - which the manager refused to reduce. On the plus side, the rate includes a very nice Continental buffet breakfast. The mattress was very comfortable, and I might have been able to get a good nights sleep, except for the roar of the antiquated A/C system - but it was much too hot to sleep, if you turned the A/C off. Perhaps the &quot;back of the bus&quot; treatment is only given to Hotwire clients, but I feel that there are much nicer places to stay in New York.	
Aug 15 2009 	Boutique hotel in a convenient New York City Location	We stayed 2 nights at Morgans Hotel in New York City. Our accomodations included a continental breakfast. The room was adequate, clean, and suited our needs. The bathroom was very small, but probably standard for New York City. The shower was a little strange to us since it was a cement floor which was contiguous with the rest of the bathroom floor. Most of the equipment in the hotel appeared new and in good condition with the exception of the hair dryer and the iron which appeared ancient, but worked okay. We were able to find a great deal on Hotwire. If we had to pay the regular full price, I don't think it would have been worth it. The location was probably the best part. It was within easy walking distance to many major sites and the subway.The worst part of our stay was being awakened at 1 am to loud street construction noise - jackhammering for about an hour or two.	
Aug 11 2009 	The staff is a testament to the art of customer service	Coming from the customer service business, it's not often that I'm 'wowed' by staff elsewhere, but Morgans Hotel knocked my socks off. I was arriving early and called from the airport to see if an early check-in would be possible. Not only did they accomodate my request, they upgraded me, and then spent 20 minutes upon check-in helping me map out my next destination in the city. Their room service actually calls the room prior to bringing up the delivery, a special touch I love. And the front desk staff makes a point to greet you by name every time you enter or go out. The room was great- a fantastic size relative to other places I've stayed, especially for the price. And there was plenty of space to store my clothes and toiletries thanks to cute little closets built in to the wall. The bathroom was small and cramped...but what bathroom isn't in nyc.A+ Morgans, I can't wait to come back and stay with you again!	
Jul 30 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	I loved the location just one block away from 5th Avenue and close to the Empire state building. It's on Madison Avenue in a lovely, quiet area. The staff was extremely friendly and courteous. This was my family's treat for my birthday. I stayed one night alone. I told the front desk clerk about my day when I checked in, then went out for toiletries. When I came back, I had chocolate cake, coffee ice cream with a candle in it, a large bottle of water, and a lovely note waiting for me. That extra touch made me feel special, The bed was one of the most comfortable beds that I have ever slept in. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 29 2009 	UNIQUE STYLE WITH GREAT PRICE	What refreshing decor and service. This hotel has everything you need. The rooms are very quiet even in the middle of New York City. Bathrooms are a treat with huge shower heads and wonderful toiletries. The complimentary breakfast is a great way to start your day. Everyone was so friendly and helpful.My husband and I have travelled a lot in the States and overseas. This is a hotel we highly recommend.Thank you Morgans, New York	
Jul 27 2009 	Much better than expected	Wow, a real NYC hotel, no giant signs- you have to be &quot;in the know&quot;. Impressive lobby. My sister and I had booked a double and were offered two singles at no extra charge, we really appreciated this offer! High quality linens and bedding made for a very comfortable sleep. The location was amazing, we could even see Central Park from our room. Helpful staff who even delivered toothpaste to our room in the morning when we realised we had forgotten. Wish we had more nights to stay in the city, for us it was a magical, memorable visit- enhanced by quality accomodation and friendly, efficient staff. Thanks.	
Jul 23 2009 	A home away from home	I loved the Morgans for so many reasons. I loved how it felt like a residence rather than a hotel. I loved the attitude of the staff - never too much trouble to help and assist with any question you have. I loved the location - right on Madison Avenue so within walking distance of sightseeing and shopping.I have stayed at a number of this group hotel's - including all the Mondrian's, the Clift, the Hudson and St' Martin's Lane and this was the nicest. The rooms were well equipped and it just has a very relaxing atmosphere.Asia de Cuba is next door if you are after a more lively scene but the hotel itself is quiet and feels like an upscale residence. Everything has been awarded a 5/5 except the rooms. To clarify, there was nothing wrong with them - the bed was incredibly comfy and the showers great - but I am a traditional kind of person and I want free wi-fi and tea/coffee making facilities in my room - included in the rack rate. If they could make this change this hotel would be fabulous.	
Jul 23 2009 	A Gem	Stayed a week in Morgans New York. Loved the hotel, loved the rooms, loved the staff. The rooms are very nicely furbished and we had an excellent view over the city. The room has everything it should + loved the fact that there was also an iPod dock. Rooms were clean, but may be a bit small in American standards. Large enough for us Europeans though. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Room rate included breakfast, which was quite nice with fresh fruit and bagels etc. And the hotel is located very conveniently in Midtown very close to Grand Central Station, Empire State Building and other sites.	
Jul 20 2009 	Enjoyed my stay except for the lack of internet	I had a lovely time at the Morgans Hotel -- the rooms are nicely furnished and well-appointed. The free breakfast at Asia de Cuba in the morning was a huge plus; it was really nice to be able to take a coffee and croissant (which were very good!) to go. My only complaint is the wireless situation -- it's $10 a day and would BARELY work for us. The wireless signal was weak at best, and most of the time didn't work at all. Having internet access is fairly important to us when we're away from home, so I'm still undecided if I would stay here again. I've stayed at some of the other boutique hotels in the area -- 70 Park, the Roger Williams, and they're all pretty comparable. I would stay at Morgans over the other two if the wireless situation was better.	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect stay in perfect sized hotel	The Morgans is situated a few blocks from the Empire State building, so it is close enough to theatre district without being right in Times Square traffic. It is medium sized, so you don't get the traffic of a huge hotel, and still get full service. The staff was outstanding. Very helpful, friendly and efficient. The design of the rooms is very modern with a dash of retro. All black and white, very New York. The beds are amazing, and the rooms very well isolated. We didn't hear a thing during our whole stay. We will definitely go back.	
Jul 11 2009 	Fantastic Stay	I was looking forward to staying at Morgans after all the reviews on here. It lived up to the expectation! The staff was super nice and there is free continental breakfast at Asia de Cuba every morning. What a great value. And the location is just fabulous. One block away from all the great shopping on famed 5th Avenue boutiques. 4 blocks away from Grand Central Terminal. Who can ask for a more convenient location? You also get free daily gym pass to NYSC down the street if you wish. The only thing about my stay that was a bit annoying was the TV signal was snowy and the furnishings are a bit dated with minor chips and wear and tear on the tiles and furniture. Besides that, it was a perfect stay. Kudos to the management.	
Jul 6 2009 	Style and comfort with excellent location	Stylish desing, good location on Madison avenue, comfortable rooms, friendly service - what more does one need? The room rate also includes a very satisfying breakfast at Asia de Cuba. Have stayed in many Manhattan hotels over the years, Morgans is definitely now my NO 1 in the 3 or 4 stars categories. Would definitely recommend!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great hotel	What a stay: stylish design, peaceful and elegant room, good location, helpful staff - wonderful! We highly recommend the Asia de Cuba restaurant too!	
Jun 29 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at Morgans	The staff at Morgans is friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean and comfortable although the bathroom was very small. The continental breakfast is a plus. The location is convenient to Times Square if you don't mind walking 8-10 blocks.	
Jun 23 2009 	One of a kind	From the moment you step into the hotel lobby you will recognize that Morgans has an attention to detail and design that permeates the entire hotel. Look up at the moving checkerboard display on the lobby ceiling. Follow the checkerboard theme through the tiles and carpeting. IOne morning I listened in as a group of design students in the lobby were given an explanation of what the designer was trying to accomplish. Visit MOMA and then return and really enjoy the Morgans. But great design does not create an exceptional staff and comfortable rooms. What are the most important elements of any hotel experience?THE BEDS AND SHOWERS ARE AMAZING. No need to repeat the comments about the great breakfast and unique 4th floor living room. And if you can afford a suite with the extra sitting room you will indeed have a one of a kind hotel experience.	
Jun 22 2009 	Thank you Morgans for a delightful stay.	The staff is amazingly efficient and friendly. The moment I walked into the hotel, I was welcomed by a charming bellman ready to direct me to an equally terrific front desk receptionist. Everyone was at the top of his or her game. The rooms are stunning and super clean. Beds are comfortable. The breakfast was just perfect and the location is convenient to theater, shopping, great restaurants. Great value. It's at the top of my list.	
Jun 22 2009 	All You Could Want in A New York City Hotel!	We stayed at the Morgan this past winter, after attending a Broadway play. Our room was perfect, with a view of the Empire State Building. The lovely, private breakfast at Asia de Cuba was a completely unexpected and pleasant surprise, especially in today's tough economic market. The front desk agents were very helpful, providing us with excellent answers to our questions. We loved the living room concept, where we were able to get a cup of coffee, and to relax between sightseeing and meals. Housekeeping was well run, as every request was quickly and graciously responded to. We have recommended this hotel to many friends--who said big city hotels can't provide visitors with a little personal attention and TLC?	
Jun 16 2009 	Exceptional Experience!!	Our daughter and son-in-law had just welcomed their first child, baby Benjamin, at NYU Medical Center. Staying at the Morgan was the perfect location for me and my 82 year old mother-in-law (the great-grandma). We were a short cab ride to the hospital, and the hotel staff was fabulous in assisting us. The rooms were spacious, clean and again the staff were great. We felt very welcomed, and of course, they &quot;ooo'd and ahhh'd&quot; over the photos of our new family addition!!Thanks! Dr. Noreen M. Sisko	
Jun 15 2009 	Top class - ignore previous review	Firstly I cannot let the previous review go without a comment - I have stayed in many hotels in Paris and the Morgan NY beats all of them, I cannot understand what the reviewers expectations were.Now for the review we arrived at JFK on Friday May 29th and took the Airtran to Penn Stn arriving at about 5pm this was so easy to I would not even think about getting a shuttle or a cab - however arriving at Penn at rush hour on a Friday !!! do not even think about getting a cab at this time, fortunately the Morgan Hotel is a brisk ten minute walk or 20 for us with cases.Check in went smoothly and the reception staff were VERY helpful (more about them later). We went up to our room which was on the 4th floor (419 I think) and it looked out over the courtyard (a plus as no noise from Madison) . The location of the hotel is excellent being right in the middle of midtown and close to many bars and restaurants on 36th and 34th streets. As a previous reviewer commented the hotel is also very close to Grand Central Station which is a must see !! Thew foodcourt below has a Jumiors with the best New York Cheesecake that you will ever taste.Breakfast is taken at the Asia de Cuba restaurant which is attached to the hotel and once again the staff there could not be more helpful from wishing you a bright &quot;good Morning&quot; to offering to toast your bagel ! The quality and choice of the breakfast items on offer was first class and more than enough to send you on your way sighseeing. Now back to the Reception staff ! I must have asked them half a dozen questions and each one was answered with confidence and a smile when they didn't know an answer they looked it up on there internet screens they could NOT have been more helpful and are an asset to the hotel.Housekeeping was first class and a word about the &quot;living room&quot; - this is a room that is available to guests containing Tea &amp; Coffee all day with two flat screen TV's - this was very useful for us as we didn't leave the hotel until late afternoon - all in all I would have no hesitation recommending the Morgans New York and would definitely stay here again when in NYC. Fionally, we got this hotel for a great deal on Hotwire so if you can get a good deal don't look anywhere else.	
Jun 8 2009 	Does not worth to stay	I stayed for 4 nights. The room had no view, was very noisy even when air conditioning is closed. I had to sleep with Sony headphones! Breakfast is included but the choice is poor. Frontdesk not very friendly. Location is OK. I will come back to NY in fall, I will find another hotel.	
Jun 2 2009 	The best night ever!!!!!	We had an event at the Penthouse of the Morgans Hotel and slept over.It was as if we were in a dream. From the check in to the check out, everything was a step beyond perfection!! The food from Asia De Cuba was amazing. The waiter could not have been more attentive at the party for 20 that we held in the penthouse. The accommodations were totally amazing and the amenities were top notch! Breakfast was included from Asia De Cuba. Our guests loved it and are still raving 2 weeks after the event. I would come back anytime to stay at Morgans. Best hotel stay we ever had in NYC!!!!	
May 27 2009 	Excellent	Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Service!The staff was there to meet our every need. The location was perfect, a &quot;quite&quot; neighborhood, just a few blocks from Grand Central &amp; Time Square.	
May 26 2009 	Superb Hotel with Excellent Service!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The hotel staff were exceptionally friendly and accomodating. Our room was comfortable, clean, and spacious by NYC standards. The bed was really comfy too! The free continental breakfast was yummy and very filling! The location of the hotel was perfect. Far enough away from the crowds so there was no noise but close enough to walk to the attractions. We will definitely be staying at The Morgans on our return trips to NYC!	
May 12 2009 	Stylish hotel with friendly staff	My boyfriend and I stayed only one night at Morgans, but wish we could have stayed longer. We booked through an online vendor the night before, and when our reservation wasn't immediately found, Morgans gave us a complimentary upgrade to (from my experience with the Morgans Hotel Group) what I'm assuming was a much larger room than we had booked. All of the staff members that we dealt with were great, but the doormen were particularly thoughtful and helpful. As far as the rooms go, I love the design of all the Morgans hotels, but this was especially nice - very relaxing, calming colors and inventive furnishings. A nice surprise was the continental breakfast that was available until noon! Wow, a breakfast for the crowd that isn't up at dawn with their fanny packs and cameras in tow! Thank you! We'll be moving to NYC in a couple of weeks and will be recommending Morgans to family and friends who come to visit.	
Apr 21 2009 	Lovely friendly hotel	The young eager to please staff was so accommodating and helpful during our stay that I could hardly believe I was in New York. The location is terrific - the room was quiet - the continental breakfast is nicely presented - the bedding is comfy...We would definitely stay here again, and I'm usually always trolling for the best deal. Highly recommended!	
Mar 27 2009 	Thanks to Morgans I will never forget New York	Outstanding hotel! The room that we were allocated was stunning - very clean, bed was the best bed I have ever slept in, lots of quirky design - although not over designed.We stayed over Christmas, the staff made us feel so welcome - my husband and I have worked in hotels for years - I would hire all of the reception staff in a heart beat to work in our hotel, bright, fun, friendly, knowledgeable - overall fantastic! Morgans thank you for making our stay in New York unforgettable, we will be back!	
Mar 24 2009 	Deluxe hotel room in the sky...	If you're an Everybody Loves Raymond fan or watch the Monday night CBS lineup you will not like this hotel. Stay at the Hilton.This hotel is for smart people. People who like breakfast served until 10:30 AM.Please who like informed front desk associates.People who like a comfy bed.Yes, it's white, very stark and not like all the other hotels. If that's what you want, go to the other hotels. This hotel is for the special people.Quick hits:Bed was amazingGym pass to NY Sports Club- freeBreakfast that makes lunch optional	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Hotel	I read over the reviews and I'm surprised about the negatives that were posted. I absolutely loved Morgan뭩. The staff was so nice and accommodating. I called down with a question and they answered the phone how can we help you Mrs F. Always a smiling face in the lobby between the door man and the desk clerks. The breakfast was lovely: fruit, bagels, cereal, juice, yogurt, muffins, croissants, coffee. The location was the best. 37th and Madison. Perfect mid town location in a very nice quiet neighborhood called Murray Hill. It's decorated modern in black, white and grays; the bed was cozy, pillows amazing, great down comforter. Yes the room was small, but it's Manhattan. We were in a room right beside the elevators, I didn't hear anything and I sleep very lightly. I can't wait to go back to Morgan뭩; it's my new favorite place to stay in Manhattan.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good Location Not really four star...	I travel to New York for brief business trips about once a month. I'm a female and need a place that is safe and clean. I spend minimal time in my room.This was my first stay at Morgans.First the good. The location is great. It is a quiet, safe neighborhood blocks from Grand Central, Times Square, Empire State building etc. I flew into laguardia and it took only 15 minutes to get to the hotel on a monday midday!My check in was quick and efficient. The check in staff was friendlier than most in the city. I was there around 1:00 but my room was ready.The bed is comfortable, the pillows excellent. Bathroom toiletries very nice. This room was small but most are in New York so that does not mean anything. Flat screen tv, minibar, robe and movies on demand were good. Showerhead was the rain kind which is nice. A great perk of this hotel is the free breakfast buffet. It was all cold stuff but a great variety of yogurt, pastries, cereal, coffee tea and juice. The pastry that I ate was delicious. I ordered room service for dinner and service was super quick. The staff was friendly all over the hotel.The not so great.. First of all, the name is not on the outside of the hotel so make sure you look for the asia de cuba restaurant which is attached. This is so absurd, but whatever. The room was modern and funky but the light grey carpet was raggedy and stained which is just gross. The bathroom was so tiny. Like an airplane bathroom. You had to shut the door to get to the toilet. The bathroom was also aging poorly. The shower caulking was black and gross. There are only 7 or 8 rooms per floor so it is a quiet little place however, the hallways are noisy and I heard my neighbors in the hallway. I would stay here again if it was a good price but I've had better in the neighborhood and price range .	
Mar 9 2009 	Cool and hip but super tight	Great location...between 37th and 38th on Madison Ave. Great staff...friendly, not in the way they're supposed to be, but in a very relatable way. This place will serve the solo traveler best. The rooms and bathrooms are very cool but incredibly tight. I got this through Priceline for a great deal, but was charged $50 to upgrade from a queen room to one with 2 twin beds, not doubles, twins.	
Feb 28 2009 	Very Cool	I liked this hotel very much. I stayed only one night for a Knicks game with my 10 year old son. The staff is very polite, friendly and helpful and appear to sincerely appreciate your being there. The continental breakfast is great with lots of fresh choices, and because it takes place in the fancy Asia de Cuba restaurant it feels like a lot more than a continental breakfast. Rooms are very trendy, and I agree with the manager뭩 reply to a previous comment criticizing the lobby: The lobby is indeed 밻legant and refined.Minor issues: 1) Cold coffee. The fourth floor living room coffee was cold when I visited on a Friday evening at 6:30, as was my first cup the next morning at breakfast. After I saw hotel staff add some coffee to the morning urn my next cup was quite hot. 2) The alarm clock in my room went off at 6:30 am, presumably set by a previous guest. Housekeeping should check these things every time they clean. It was impossible to figure out how to turn it off as the clock is a little contemporary analog disc with no snooze button.Overall, a great place and I would stay here again, especially if I could find a rate under $200 as I did for this stay.	
Feb 15 2009 	Not Bad for the Price	At $170 for a Friday night stay in a central Manhattan location + a decent continental buffet breakfast, Morgans was too good of a deal to pass up. It뭩 not a stellar hotel: no sign out-front, the lobby looks like a Times Square crack hotel, the black &amp; white checked pattern throughout the place reminds one more of NASCAR than cool chic, etc. However, the Manhattan-small room was reasonably clean, the front desk staff was courteous and helpful particularly for NYC and you are 3 blocks from the Empire State Bldg, 5 blocks from GCT and less than 10 from the theater district. It is worth staying there if you can get a good price.	
Feb 9 2009 	Very happy with this hotel!	My husband and I got a great deal through priceline for this hotel, $150/night including buffet continental breakfast! It is a short walk to the theatres and times square. The staff were super-friendly and the place was very clean and quiet. Our room was quite small but for a 2-night stay it was perfect for us. Large flat-panel tv, comfy bed and cool decor made up for the ugly view outside our window (just the backs of some old buildings). The breakfast was great, all you could drink/eat coffe, tea, juices, fruit, croissants, bagels, etc. was a great way to start off the day.	
Feb 5 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My fiance and I stayed at the Morgans the week before Christmas and found it be everything we had hoped for and more! First and foremost the service was superb. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we knew that we could count on the staff to provide us with any need. The doorman too was on the top of his game; each night offering up excellent advice. Additionally, the design of the hotel was clean and well thought out. It is very modern but not too cold. As another reviewer stated, &quot;hip without trying&quot;. The 4th floor &quot;Living room&quot; was a very inviting place to grab a late night cup of tea or coffee and even just lounge around in to read. Asia de Cuba hosted a continental breakfast each morning that was just perfect.My only complaint: we were there for only 2 nights because of a snowstorm. :(	
Jan 14 2009	Nice enough but nothing special	And here it goes a year later, sorry! Stayed there last January for 6 nights. Had a standard double, nothing wrong with it at all, nice enough I suppose but nothing to rave about either. I can't really rave about the staff either but can't complain either. The restaurant is overrated and overpriced for dinner but lovely for breakfast. I think the room pictures attached will speak for themselves. It all depends on your taste I suppose. We stayed in Millennium Broadway for the first 5 nights so see review under it if interested. If I had to choose again between the two I would choose the Millennium Broadway I think. The bed in Morgans was very hard indeed as mentioned before I like a firm bed. It was a bit too firm for my liking and quite low.	
Jan 12 2009 	Wonderful hotel in NY - I highly recommend	Morgans Hotel was one of the original boutique hotels and it personifies it for what they set out to be - quiet, hip without trying, sophisticated and guest-oriented. There is a small nice lobby and a 4th floor sitting area with coffee and tea all day long. I was upgraded to a suite, which was absolutely beautiful - big - comfortable - and made me want to stay in and watch the flat screen tv all day!The room was quiet, had a nice iPod deck with remote control, classy amenities in the bathroom, and dark shades to pull down to hide the light when you want to sleep in. The 4th floor sitting area had two large Mac computers available to print out your boarding pass (no charge), which was very helpful.The staff was very friendly and energetic. The complimentary breakfast at chic Asia de Cuba was one of the highlights - warm staff, large tables to spread out with the NY Times - delicious bagels, fruit, yogurt, coffee, etc.Check out time is 12:00, opposed to other hotels that are 11:00.The newer hip boutique hotels seem to try to hard and the older Manhattan hotels are too stuffy. This hotel was perfect for my stay - I was there 4 nights. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Jan 7 2009 	Nice hotel great deal Exceptional staff	I booked this hotel on Priceline. I got it for $145 which is quite a deal in NYC and well below their rack rates. This is the 2nd time Priceline has given me Morgans for a 4 star hotel in that area, so it might be a good bet.The stand out about this place is how friendly and helpful all of the staff are. From the front desk, to the doormen and even the engineer who came to look at our tv, everyone was smiling and genuinely helpful. No attitude whatsover.The rooms were nice. Not 5 Star, but definitely 4 star. They are small compared to rooms in other cities, but actually a decent size for NYC. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were fairly stylish. The bathroom was small, but the efficient use of space made it feel bigger and I appreciated having a big walk in shower with a glass door and rain shower head instead of a tub.The location is great and the morning breakfast was good as well. No hot stuff, but yogurt, cereal, coffee, pastries and fruit. I wasn't expecting free breakfast when I booked with priceline, so that was a nice surprise. The free coffee and tea in the Livingroom was also nice in the late afternoon and evening.I would definitely stay here again. It was a very pleasant experience. I am not sure I would pay the standard rates, but then again, most hotels in NYC I don't think are worth the standard rates!Once again, it was nice to have such friendly and helpful staff	
Jan 6 2009 	Great stay at Morgans	I got very good deal for this hotel from Expedia. This hotel was exellent place to stay. Breakfast was delicious, all the staff was friendly, decoration was really nice. Orchideas, modern art books and big tv in livind room. Our room was clean, bed was amazing and we could see the empire state building from our room.	
Jan 5 2009	Very nice but not worth rack rate	We got our deal for $170 via TravelZoo. Morgan's is nice enough but dissappointing upon arrival. Curiously there is no signage anywhere to indicate that this place is a hotel. The lobby is very small with just one person behind a very small kiosk. The bellman was busy when we arrived, so we nearly missed the place. But once we got our bearings the bell staff and the front desk people are exceptionally nice. The front desk staff also serves as the concierge so you really can have a long wait as various guests are sorted out in various languages with seemingly complex negotiations. There is no furniture in the lobby, but if you want to hang out there is a living room on the fourth floor with a TV and coffee and tea fixings. The room is small and minimistic. Very comfy beds. Quiet. Nice black out curtains and sheers for filtered sunlight. Our room on the 16th floor was quite pleasant and sunny - it was small but we were told it was a free upgrade. Upscale bath appointments. Ask the bellman how to turn on the various lights as they are quite hidden. Our bedroom clock was off by an hour, thank goodness we did not rely on it. Very upscale mini-bar. Beware the midnight munchies, it will really hurt your wallet!!I know this from dire experience. There is no price list or indication that the mini=bar food/drinks are not complimentary, so make sure that all guests understand not to have their way with the contents.	
Dec 28 2008 	Breakfast and Umbrellas	My stay at Morgans was an overall pleasant experience. The location was good, particularly given our night out in Ktown and the free breakfast was a nice plus! The rooms were not huge but not a complete shoebox. The combo mirror/armoire piece was a nice built-in addition. Very useful when your partner is hogging the bathroom and you need to use a lighted mirror. Bathroom was ok - quite tiny but functional and clean. Shower pressure was decent. Oh the free (to use not take home) umbrellas came in very handy as it was the weekend of exceptional rain.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great Hotel But Has Small Issues	The hotel was just recently renovated in August, although I have never seen it before then we were pleasantly surprised upon arrival. No signs or anything outside, but once you step inside they have a very cool, small, lobby. We were upgraded to a one bed room suite on the 8th floor which was a very nice touch. When we stepped inside our room, we thought it was HUGE. We always stay at boutique hotels whenever in NYC and this was the largest one bedroom suite we have ever got. The beds are comfortable except the sheets weren't, low thread count, maybe we're just too use to the good stuff. There are two LCD screen, (bedroom and living room) and a very cool retro looking bathroom, although small and the sink was a bit of a pain, too high so water was splashing all over the place. In terms of views, there was none in our room. The greatest plus for this hotel is their complimentary breakfast (coffee, tea, juices, cereal, pastries, yogurt, bananas, etc) it was a very nice spread. Helps save a bit of $$ while in a very expensive city. The staff was extremely courteous, always willing to go above and beyond. Like I said overall the hotel was great, some small issues but overall if you can get a deal it's worth it and you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 5 2008	AMAZING HOTEL AND SERVICE :D	We stayed at Morgans for 4 WONDERFUL nights in October. from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out the experience was top notch. The staff ( especially the cute doormen ;) ) were excellent and very very friendly. the rooms are minimalistic in design with some of the most comfiest beds i have EVER slept in from the high thread count sheets to the AMAZING pillows :D The continental Breakfast in Asia de Cuba was Above average with fresh fresh pastries bagels fruits cereals coffee juice yadda yadda VERY good!!!! the location is bar none it is a 4 minute walk to the empire state building and about a 10 minute walk to times square and is in between two major subway lines I would and WILL stay at morgans again. The price is a little on the high side if you dont get a deal BUT thats NY the most exspensive city to stay in North America I HIGHLY recommend this hotel to all First timers to NYC	
Oct 31 2008 	Nice and Funky; Uber Friendly Staff	Really loved this hotel. Went for one night in October 2008 and was delighted by the room and friendly/helpful service. Loved the black and white decor of the room and orchid in the bathroom. Reception and valet were very helpful and added a very personal touch that felt more like small town service then urban indifference.	
Oct 27 2008	Comme ci comme a but worth to be had on special	We stayed in this property for 4 nights in October 2008 and if not for the Travelzoo special which was not spectacular either $280 + tax (~$40), we would have not booked this property since we did not feel it was standing out of the crowd.With occupancy rates at 99%, it's typical for Manhattan's hospitality industry not to invest into sprucing up hotel properties and this one was no exception. Having said that, i still feel the property was ok for the money considering the NYC hotel market. The property:We got a a complimentary upgrade to a superior room since they were availlable on our arrival day, so i am not aware how they compare with standard rooms. The room was ok, basic necessities and even a bit of style on the cheap thrown in (the result of the recent renovations). I don't know NYC hotel scene that well, but feel that the hotel is worth around $200-250 tops for the days when there are no major conventions or other events, which raises prices steeply as far as i know. Overall, we thought the hotel was just 'ok', no roaches, but nothing positive either. The decor is attempting to achieve the look of a posh boutique hotel which i appriciate, but since the building is fairly old and rundown, i don't see how it was planned to be done without major revamping of the property: there is still mold in the bathrooms, grout falling out of the shower tiles and cement floors in the baths.Add-ins:Complimentary buffet breakfast: very helpful add-in, saves time and money and gives you a good headstart for the day. I'll talk about customer service in a different paragraph, but here's one example of it: we arrived 10am and the reception people were nice enough to tell us to go have the breakfast (although they did not have to - we did not pay for that night).Living Room on the 4th floor - tea, coffee, shower, washroom, comfy couches, internet, printer - very helpful. Tip: when the internet connection was down, we went to the reception and asked to use their computer and printer to print our theater tickets, which was fine with them.Service: We were pretty happy with the service. Whether the door men, or the concerge or the air conditioner repairman, we found the service helpful and efficient.Location: Madison Ave, midtown, i would prefer something closer to either subway line, but hey it's Manhattan, so no complaints. We are pretty fit and were able to walk to the Times Square and Moma (30min) to save the subway hastle.	
Oct 21 2008 	Nice but Only if @ a Promo Rate	We stayed in mid September after the re-opening. I was a little nervous because I had read some reviews prior to the face-lift. There was indeed some construction going on out front, which made the entrance somewhat hidden, but the bellmen were there ready for us. I didn't even know they had already taken our bags out of the cab!The hotel lobby was much smaller than I imagined. The rooms, however, were very nice and a decent size along with a very modern decor. My only complaint about the room was the bathroom - it was so small, I could barely get in an out if my husband was in there! There was also complimentary breakfast at the restaurant that is connected with bountiful goodies!For the most part we enjoyed our stay. I would stay there again if we can get the same promo rate as we did.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great small hotel	We stayed at Morgans for 4 nights, and we absolutely loved it.When we arrived, though, the entrance was almost invisible due to scaffolds (I don't know if that's the correct word, as I had to look it up) covering the facade. And since there was no doorman at the door at that time, the taxi driver even came in with us, just to check we were in the right place.So the entrance was a bit dissapointing, but I can garantee that all the rest was just perfect.Check-in went swift, and all the people we met at the front desk were very friendly and pollite.Our room was more spacious than I hoped for, and, very important, spotless! Very, very clean. Tiny bathroom, but with over-sized shower that works excellent!Complimentary breakfast was more than sufficient, I wouldn't change a thing!And, of course, best of all: LOCATION! In walking distance of about everything. All in all, Morgans was more than I expected and even hoped for, and I would certainly recommend it. Especially if you can get a good rate.And I would, once again, thank the entire staff for making our stay so enjoyable: you are really very professional and efficient!Hope to stay there again very soon.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great Location Nice Remodelled Room	Stayed at the Morgans right after they reopened from their 6 month remodel.This is an older (ie 1920's) hotel on the edge of Murray Hill in mid-Manhattan. We love the location.Because we were there right after the reopening, there were still some minor snafu's (only one elevator running, staff not clear on how things, etc.), but nothing major.Everything in the room is new and was very comfortable. We had a loft suite - nice and roomy, especially compared to what NYC rooms usually are. We did peek into a regular room and they are TINY - closet sized. Our room had both a full (2 person) bathtub and separate large (again 2 person) shower. Breakfast is only serviced till 10a, which is a bummer if you miss it. It would be nice if that was extended to 11a for us WestCoasters still getting used to the time change.This is a trendy, hip hotel. We had a few minor celebs there at the same time as us and a popular cable TV show was using it as home base to do some planning.I'd definitely stay here again IF prices were reduced .. the rack rate for our room was $879 - a ridiculous price, even in NYC.	
Oct 9 2008 	Quite good but is it worth the money?	My fisrt impressions of this hotel were uber cool joint, funky lighting sysytem on the ceiling giving out different colours and graphic patterns and super soft carpet as you walked in. The room was very relaxed with different mood lighting options and the bathroom was very clean and all was well.... however the next morning i went to use the dressing gown hanging in the wardrobe and it had some one elses hair in the back neck of it! urrrrrrrrgggghhhhh... i asked for reception to remove it and have a clean one ASAP. I wsa given another but no one removed the offending dirty one!!! so not the best service!Reception were friendly, but one tip is to ask to be as far away from the lift as possible as myself and a work college who was 3 floors below me could hear the lift bell all night long! All in all it's a good base pad, but we did struggle finding good places to eat which were near by the hotel, Asia De Cuba joined to the hotel was very good but the other local places were not! Worth a stay!	
Oct 9 2008 	Glad I wasn't paying.	I stayed here for 10 days on business. I thought the room was lovely and modern although my co worker complained that the bathroom was tiny, I thought it was sufficient for my needs. The staff were really friendly and helpful, apart from when it came to calling down to get the hot water refilled in the Livingroom (it was empty everytime we went in), they would take ages to come up and once even refused to come at all.The corridors and lobby decor is gloomy, in dark greys and silvers and could do with brightening up.Overall I enjoyed my stay, however, it is not somehwere I would stay if I was picking up the tab, the room costs, phone and drinks prices were all extortionate and they even charged for internet access...with those room prices thats the least you would expect to be inculded!	
Oct 7 2008 	disappointing return visit	i stayed at this hotel about 14 years ago and at the time it was a refreshing change from the typical new york hotel of the era. having read that its overhaul was to be completed in september i thought i'd give it a try again. no big changes really , new furnishings but a similar feel. but now 14 years later it seems more typical and run of the mill new york and so you just notice how small the rooms are and how uncomfortably dark the overall ambience is. the beds are very nice but thats about all i can think of that i liked.its a shame that asia de cuba the restaurant , didn't get a make over, the food is mediocre at best and during the cold hard light of breakfast it's dirty, beat up and tired looking. over all , a disappointing stay at a hotel that used to be reasonably priced, funky and fun, but is now expensive and dull.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Value booked via Priceline.com!	Just got back from NYC and we stayed at Morgan's boutique Hotel.It was a little bit hard to find because there was no signs or address number in front of the building but a staff member noticed from the inside that we seemed lost when we passed by with our luggages and ran outside in the rain to catch us and asked if we were looking for the hotel!!! That's what I call service! It was like during all our stay. The staff people are incredibly courteous and eager to help. They act amicable but not too much and they are very professional. The room was small (I've been told it's like that in all NY unless you pay a lot more) but it was very beautiful and trendy. I like very much the decor, I'm not the old kind of austere-classic-dark style type of person. The room and hotel was spick and span,The location was also good and lot's of stuff was at a walkable distance.I booked thru priceline.com and paid $200+taxes per nigh which makes it an unbelievable deal to me.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not Four Star	We stayed after the big renovation. 9/25/08. They said they upgraded us to superior but that is what we had all along! I would hate to see what room we would have gotten had they not upgraded to the postage stamp we stayed in. The room was tiny but did have a comfortable bed. The bathroom was tiny, and the floor was filthy! Paint was peeling off the bathtub in large pieces. Living room on 4th floor was nice, though the printer not working to print passes. Staff worked at being helpful and friendly. The elevator is now working properly. The rate on Hotwire was not a good deal. When you add the fees in, which calculated to something like 3% more above the taxes, I could have gotten the rate myself and not had to play the guessing game on what hotel I might end up with. Hotwire let us down this time. This hotel should be a solid three star, and is basically a good value when you know what you are getting for your money. Small room, good location, and a friendly staff, but dirty bathrooms need to be remedied for sure.	
Sep 21 2008 	Reasonable safe option...not sure about value for money	I booked 4 nights B &amp; B directly with the hotel at a promo rate of $279 for 3 nights &amp; 1 night x $494. All web pages and emails made quite clear that this did not include taxes but I was still a little shocked to pay a total of $1523 (891, we didn't add anything to our room tab) on check out...not the bargain I'd thought in comparision to the tax inclusive Expedia options I'd been considering - please do your sums carefully beforehand if you're looking at the prices on the hotel's own website.We stayed the week after the newly refurbished hotel reopened and were happy enough with our stay. Check-in was quick and staff were efficient, friendly and courteous. Room plus points:Quiet - a real plus compared to previous NYC tripsClean &amp; minimally stylish...as you'd expect a week after re-opening, expect 'new carpet' smellBeds - Super comfortable with good quality duvets, mattresses and white bedlinenGood sized walk in, well pressurised showers with 'rain'/Japanese style shower optionsKorres toiletriesHowever, the room was small (which was fine, we expect that in NY) and fixtures appear to be more style over substance than a careful consideration of traveller's needs and I was really pleased not to have been travelling for work. There was no desk just a designer-y, but pretty useless dressing table and a window seat. There was a tiny closet and as we were there to shop, we were struggling to find places to put all our stuff after day 2. In terms of both fixtures &amp; finish, the room felt like a somone's bedroom rather than a deluxe hotel room - they didn't quite pull it off in comparison to UK boutique chains such as Hotel du Vin, Malmaison or Dakota. Whilst clean, bathrooms were equally tiny and claustrophobic - I appreciate that they are probably still snagging the refit but the tiling needed re-looked at in our room.The continental breakfast in Asia de Cuba restaurant was reasonable for setting yourself up for a day ahead - nothing fancy just staples such as croissants, pastries, cereals, fruit, bagels, fruit juices, teas/coffees but there was plenty of it. I'm not sure if we'd stay again but this is probably more an issue of value for money rather than the quality of the hotel itself - this is a perfectly decent place to stay. I appreciate that NY's an expensive city (but so are London and Tokyo and we've stayed in some fabulous hotels there at the same price point recently) but depsite the buzz of fashion week about town, Morgan's just didn't offer any real added value for us.	
Sep 12 2008 	Very pleased	I travel full-time, year 'round in my work, and try a new hotel each time I go to NYC (37 so far). I stayed the first weekend the hotel had reopened after renovation, and I'd definitely stay again but at a promo rate only. Hotel is at Madison and 36th Street, with nearest train stations several blocks but not a bad walk. Catch the B,D,F,N,Q,R,V, and W trains at Herald Square (6th Ave and 34th Street), and the full range of trains at intervals along 42nd Street between Port Authority (8th Ave), Times Square (7th Ave), and Grand Central Station (Park Ave). Back to the hotel: The lobby was very small but the doorman and desk staff were exceptionally friendly, quick, and accommodating so it wasn't unpleasant. The elevators were efficient. The room was small but no smaller than most, very nicely decorated, temperature appropriate and adjustable, no smells at all despite new paint, carpet and linens. Very quiet with neighbors on both sides. Boring view from window (11th floor). Bed was comfortable and linens/pillows of good quality. &quot;Rain&quot; style shower head with good temperature control and water pressure. Tiny bathroom but shower well-sized. No tub. No fan in the bathroom but somehow not a problem. No vanity space in a regular room (just a glass shelf above the sink), but very nice toiletries and bath linens. Hair dryer and iron clean and worked well. Lighting a bit low in room but bathroom bright as needed. Sufficient electrical outlets and storage, large wall-mounted TV worked well but a bit awkward changing channels through their odd on-screen menu. Warning: nice windowside bench, but no table for eating or working. Having a meal is very difficult for fear of soiling the white bed! Nice little grocery and convenience shop next door. Continental breakfast options reasonable and still plentiful at 10AM. I didn't try the restaurant, but heard good things from other guests. Summary: a very good stay at a promo rate of $279 or less. Not worth full rates. Better than most in its class. You may not like the bathroom if you're very short (high mirror) or do much primping, and note what I said about the lack of table space. For my purposes (not in the room much), I was very happy with it overall.	
Sep 1 2008 	awful	We found this hotel in a hotwire e-mail. the price seemed good and it was reopening after a renovation. It was awful from our room that way too warm at 75, to the elevator smelling like bug spray. The bathrooms do not have a fan or any ventilation. The gym was not open. Even though we were told that breakfast would be open until noon it wasn't. If I could give the property negative points I would.	
Nov 7 2009 	Freundlich Individuell Persnlich		
Oct 29 2009	Lsst zu wnschen brig		
Sep 24 2009 	Ottimo hotel in buona posizione		
Sep 12 2009 	F a n t a s t i c o h o t e l!!!		
Aug 24 2009 	Nettes Stadthotel in guter Lage		
Aug 16 2009	sehr zu empfehlen		
Jul 30 2009 	Incroyable Hotel  NYC		
Jul 7 2009 	Un bel htel bien plac		
Jun 24 2009 	Super htel		
Apr 24 2009 	Un ambiente piacevole e tranquillo con vista sull'Empire State Building		
Jan 1 2009 	Tres bien comme hotel		
Oct 12 2008 	????????????????????????		
