	OK but Not Great	Stayed for three nights. Got a really good deal through Hotwire so can't really complain. Tiny room with no housekeeping. Wireless never worked despite several requests to front desk. Local friends tried to telelphone three times and were told we weren't registered which messed up plans to meet. Bathroom was great, beds were comfy and location can't be beat. All in all a good deal but would try for something smaller and with a friendlier staff next time.	
Nov 18 2009 	not bad	the hotel is very new, clean, and nice. it's directly across the street from port authority, in btwn 8th and 9th ave. right now there is alot of construction going on outside the hotel. but once you get inside, you don't hear any of the outside noise anf forget that the neighborhood you are in is a little bit suspect. there is a xxx dvd store on the block, but the area is not known to be really dangerous, although i was not about to leave the hotel at 2am to find out. one of my issues was that the rooms are a bit cramped, but it is ny. and at the sink, you can't have hot water w/o having the water pressure at the highest. i wasn't sure how to wash my face w/o splashing water all over my clothes so i let the water fill the sink and then washed my face.	
Nov 13 2009 	Clean and New in Red Light District	I stayed here twice during October--once for Columbus Day weekend with my wife and a second time by myself for the World Series. I used Starwood points each time and, when I requested an upgrade based upon my platinum status, I was given a suite on the top floor (on my second visit). The rooms are quite nice and everything is brand new. The staff was friendly and helpful. The only downside of the hotel, as others have noted, is its location amidst porn shops across from Port Authority. If you can tolerate the half-block walk back to a mainstream neighborhood, the hotel is a good choice.	
Nov 11 2009 	It's all relative in NYC.....	About me. Starwood Gold member and used points for two nights at this hotel. Rate I found on line was $315 per night which I felt was high for a Four Points property.Arrived just after 6 a.m. after a redeye from the west coast. Room availability at that hour is always a coin toss but they typically willl check you in when you are part of their &quot;program.&quot; In this case hotel was completely sold out the night before. Seeing I was in a jam, the front desk clerk offered me a key to a room that had been vacated but not yet cleaned so I could change into a suit for me meeting. The clerk that came on shortly after, asked for my cell # and called me by 9:20 a.m. with a clean room ready for my use. I've been to 5 star hotels that do not offer that kind of service. Bellman and conierge were also helpful, friendly and cordial each time I encountered them. I cannot say enough about the staff at this hotel.Location - I had 25th floor at the back of the hotel facing the Westin at 51st and 8th. Noise was absolutely zero. I'm a little confused about the noise complaints from buses in and out of the port authority. There is some traffic in front of the hotel but I saw few buses and anything was rarely moving fast enough to make any noise due to proximity to traffic light and traffic. Perhaps it is louder on lower floors and/or facing another direction. I'm not sure what people expect in NY but there is nothing unsafe about this location. There is one or two adult bookstores on the block but never did I encounter anyone loitering and feel uncomfortable at any of the day or late night. Well located to attractions, dining, subway and Times Square. Best to walk 1/2 block to 8th or 9th to get a cab. They were not easy to find in front of the hotel. FInally, this place is great if you are traveling in or out of Newark airport. Very close to the tunnel and you can get a one way charter bus on Coach USA for $15. Door to door in under 40 minutes.Rooms - nice decor with minimalist approach to decorating. Beds were very comfortable and clean. Flat screen tv, clock radio with mp3 connection, plenty of outlets to plug things in. Bathroom lacks counter space as do most in Manhattan. Strangest thing to me was having the turn water pressure all of the way on to get hot water. The flat bottom sink would splash everywhere so use caution if you are fully dressed. Great glass shower with good pressure and lots of space. In room safe, iron and ironing board all in good working order. Two free bottles of water per day and wired/wireless internet included throughout the hotel. Yes - the room is small as most are in NYC. If you sit at the desk across from the bed, another person cannot pass behind you. You just dont get square footage in the city so I dont factor this as a negative.Hotel - did not use the gym. Lounge is small counter up front for breakfast and drinks in the evening with a tv for sports or news. Did not order room service or use small restaurant on premise so I cannot speak to food. All common areas were were cared for and clean.Not much negative to say about this hotel. If you can get a fair rate for this brand, it certainly is a little gem for business or pleasure.	
Nov 4 2009 	lousy location makes this one to avoid	If you're nostalgic for the Times Square of porn shops and liquor stores, Four Points is up your alley. Those establishments, and the busy Port Authority bus station, make this area busy and seedy. Rooms are new and clean, with comfortable beds. Service is ok, though they didn't clean my room until almost 5pm. With so many better choices in NYC and Times Square area, don't bother unless rates are really low.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location	Nice hotel in a good location, right across from the Port Authority bus station and two blocks from Times Square.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good Location Loud Slow Internet	The proximity to Times Square, Hells Kitchen, and the Bus Terminal are convenient. But it results in the hotel being pretty loud. The rooms are clean, modern, and pretty much no-frills. Beds are comfy. Internet is next to worthless, the few times i was able to get on, i ran a speed test with the resulting max download speed at 4.3kbs (modem from 1991). If you are a business traveler who needs a hotel with connectivity, don't stay her. If you are going to shows on broadway, or want to see the city and stay someplace cheap, this would be a good location.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic stay	We're just back from a 3-night stay at this hotel. We were lucky enough to have a room on the 20th floor so noise wasn't a problem at all (sign up to be a SPG member, it's free and you're more likely to get a room high up). From the 20th floor we had a nice enough view with no noise. The bed was the most comfortable bed I slept in and I already miss it! The room was a good size, neither small nor big and very clean.There's also a computer downstairs but the internet connection is quite slow. The complimentary bottle of water was a nice touch.In terms of the area, I knew that some reviews said that it was a shabby area. My husband didn't. I didn't tell him until we left, that every single day we passed the Parole office and two adult stores and he was actually surprised and never noticed them! I really don't think that the neighbourhood is that bad. OK it's not like in the upper west side but for the price we paid for the hotel ($440 all taxes included for 3 nights) it was really good value for money with a great room with virtually most of the metro stations within 2 to 10 minutes walk.Ooh and we also went on the roof, 34th floor, great view on Jersey, and the times square area!	
Oct 28 2009 	Comfy beds! The neighborhood is not that seedy but it is noisy so bring your ear plugs!	My boyfriend and I came for an event at that Marriott Marquis, but they were booked on Wednesday and Thursday, so we had to look for alternate lodging where we could use our SPG points. The closest available hotel was the Four Points Midtown.I read the reviews and was a little concerned about the neighborhood, but figured it was only two nights and you are basically just there to sleep, right?I believe this hotel went through a renovation not long ago, so the outside and lobby look new. The lobby is small with a small concierge desk, check-in desk and a tiny bar/coffee lounge to the right.Check in was pretty quick and we headed up to room 903....The room was simply remodeled, but you could tell that it was an old, remodeled room, if that makes sense. It's small...there isn't room for two people to walk between the end of the bed and the deks at the same time. We had a king bed (which I must say was VERY comfortable, along with the pillows and linens - by far the best feature in the room!) with two nightstands; an armoire to hang your clothes and housed the safe, iron and ironing board and coffee maker; a desk with chair, a flat panel TV and a side chair and lamp. The bath was very small and plain, but did the job. Not fancy. but clean and like I said, the bed was fantastic!At this point I was pretty happy with the hotel, and we went out exploring...SO - onto the 'hood - don't let the reviews saying that it's a seedy neighborhood and that it's unsafe scare you....it's really not that bad! Directly across the street is the Port Authority with buses coming in and out most hours of the day - so expect noise. Quite a lot of it actually.Yes, and just a few steps out the door of the hotel and to the right is a Parole Office but I honestly never saw anyone hanging around there. Nor did I see any shady looking characters hanging around the Adult DVD stores. Just keep walking by and you'll be fine...It's about a 5-10 minute walk to Times Square, depending if you hit stoplights or not (and how fast you walk!) There are tons of convenience stores, restaurants (fast food and sit-down) and a Starbucks on the way.We didn't have any issues with the air conditioning/fan, our water temperature or pressure - or anything else funky for that matter.So far so good, right?...until we went to bed. Oh Lord! It was so loud that I kept getting up to check to make sure the window wasn't open! I am somewhat of a light sleeper, but typically when I'm traveling and I walk many, many miles in a day, I crash pretty hard. But it didn't matter how tired I was, I absolutely couldn't get to sleep because of the noise - mostly coming from the Port Authority across the street. Luckily I remembered I had some ear plugs so I popped those in and managed to get about 5 hours of sleep. Now, I have to say that my boyfriend is a very heavy sleeper and could fall asleep on a tarp in the middle of a construction site, so he didn't have any problems. Perhaps the noise wouldn't be as bad on a higher floor? My suggestion would be to avoid the street side on the 9th floor - unless you sleep like my boyfriend! Or have ear plugs.With that....Overall, even with the noise, I think this hotel is a good value for it's location. Feel free to contact me with any questions...Happy Travels!LisaMpls	
Oct 26 2009 	Above average hotel in great location	Having been to NY at least a dozen times before, I have stayed in various locations in the city depending on what I was going there for. This time was for a quick 1 night to see a show with a friend, so decided that we really didn't want to be more than a 5-10 minute walk to Times Sq. area. This hotel fit perfectly!As others have mentioned, the location is great - 5 mins. to TS and theatre district, but some may be a bit put-off by the semi-sketchy street/neighborhood where it's located (ie adult book store, Port Authority bus station). But don't let that scare you! It was perfectly fine and we, as 2 woman traveling alone, didn't feel threatened or awkward. It's NY after all - full of all kinds of characters, but that's the charm.The interior of the hotel was nice - simply furnished and functional, with the MOST comfortable beds and pillows. Really! Our room was located on the 16th floor and had a lovely view. The staff, from Reception to Concierge, to Room Service, were all exceptionally nice.Just a couple of other nice features in the room: window that opens just a bit, an Ipod docking station to play music, bottled water and large flat-screen tv.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and would certainly suggest this hotel to others.	
Oct 21 2009 	Small clean enough. Didn't like the neighborhood at all.	From my hotel window, I see the buses of the Port Authority Bus Terminal on 9th Avenue. Times Square isn't close, but if I walk by five or six Adult DVD shops, two massage parlors, and a peep show booth, I think I'll get eventually get there.	
Oct 19 2009 	Worth considering if you can get it cheap	The Four Points Times Square is in a great location (if you want to stay in midtown), the rooms are well appointed and the staff are friendly. You get a cool flatscreen tv on the wall, the beds are super comfortable and there's a small gym in the basement. They deserve respect for offering free wifi and free bottled water.On the down side - and it's hard to quantify exactly why - I was put in mind of the &quot;Linton Travel Tavern&quot; during my stay... I just found it a bit depressing. (Big caveat to the following comments is that they probably apply to many Manhattan hotels) The rooms are quite small, the building is wedged in pretty tight to those around so you look out your window and find yourself staring someone in the face who's doing the photocopying in the office opposite, small corridors, cheap products in the bathroom, smell of stale cigarettes in corridors and lifts/elevators etc.As others have observed, the beds are very comfortable although I was bitten all over my right arm during one night so it appears that there were a few &quot;house guests&quot; in the room...Overall it's fine and if you get a good deal then it would serve you well for a stopover or short stay; especially if you don't expect any nice surprises or cleverly thought out design details.	
Oct 17 2009	I love the Sheraton Hotels	The hotel was recently remodeled I believe. The room was small but had all the amenities needed. The Sheraton beds are the best!! The staff was quite helpful &amp; friendly. The food in the restaurant was also wonderful. The one negative is that the shower head is placed too high. Standing on my tipee toes I still had difficulty moving it. I am 5'4&quot;.	
Oct 15 2009 	Got a great deal	The hotel front staff weren't very friendly, but for the price and location it was a great place to stay. The room was cleaned and very comfortable. I would stay there again and would reccomend to friends.	
Oct 13 2009 	Friendly staff	Good location close to Bus terminal with buses from Newark airport for only 25 $ roundtrip, nice rooms with excellent beds, friendly staff. We stayed here 5 adults and 1 child in 2 rooms. Loved it.The only thing is the pornstores on the way to the hotel, but it was ok anyway,not much action going on around them anyway.	
Oct 11 2009 	Efficient and comfortable in good location	I spent my 1st and last night at this hotel in NYC. I found it to be clean and serviceoriented. The rooms were nice, typical size for NYC, functional, with nice work area withfree WIFi and coffee and tea maker in room. Lovely soft bathrobe with slippers. I was able to fit my lap-top into the in room safe which was great. I stayed in a King room and also in a 1 bedroom suite which was very nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Only OK!	We stayed here for three nights Oct 1-4th. The room was clean granted but very small even for NYC standards. I have been in NYC 3x before at three different hotels and all were much roomier. The maid service was poor...staff threw out receipts left neatly stacked on the night stand and did not replace the plastic glasses. The bathroom was very tiny. Great for a one person stay but definitely not more then 2 per room. Very close to everything. The Bus terminal was very handy as direct transport to the Bruce Springsteen concert at Giants Stadium in NJ was from there. Did not feel unsafe at all getting to/from the hotel. Staff were generally friendly but seemed like they were spaced out most of the time and did not know answers to basic questions. The best rate we fund was for 208/ngt and the only reason we stayed here was for a fee night offered to us by SPG.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great value /totally safe area	We booked with the re-opening deal of $115 per night. That in itself, made the stay great, but we were plesantly surprised with the size of the room and the great view. We could see Times Square from our room. Our room was very clean and the beds were great.I see some reviews mention the adult stores on the streets. Yes, they were there, however I never once felt unsafe. I loved the fact that Times Square was a block away. The Port Authority Bus Terminal was across the street which was kind of handy because there were lots of affordable resturants and shops. Not a bad deal. This hotels grand re-opening deal allowed my family to extend our vacation and I will stay here again!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fatal Errors	For all of the good things one can say about this relatively new hotel (eg, incredibly comfortable beds, smart design for such small rooms, friendly staff), there are a couple of major problems that make it impossible to stay here again.First is the air-conditioning. As previous reviewers have noted, when the cool (or hot) air kicked in, the sound was so loud that I was awakened every 5-10 minutes during the night. There is NO option to keep the fan on when the cool or warm air is also desired (which would at least keep the noise at a constant level). How could a new hotel adopt such an antiquated system? And why does using the TV remote turn the a/c off??Second is the in-room internet. Yes, it is free, but in this case you get what you pay for. The wired option is so slow that doing any work was all but impossible (staff advised that too many people are on the system and suggested that I go down to the business center to work). The connection was non-existent for the wireless option. I stayed for 4 nights and not once was the connection &quot;normal&quot; (much less high-speed, as advertised).I leave this hotel both tired and frustrated.	
Sep 28 2009 	clean reasonable convenient but nothing exceptional.	Stayed for just the lasy night (of a 5-night trip) with my partner. It was a very clean, reasonably-priced, room that was really conveniently located. I didn't mind the somewhat grungy 'hood, but felt the hotel could have been better 'formatted' for its location including not having such a massive bed in such a time room and a more efficiently designed lobby to cater to the small size of the lobby and the large number of guests.Still, I'd stay again if the price was right.	
Sep 27 2009 	Clean Hotel Location is both Good and Bad	I arrived at the hotel at 9:00 am after an overnight flight from Asia. Check-in went smoothly, and they got me into a room with a 15 minute wait which was great! I am a Platinum member so not sure this was the reason why, but was a very nice start of the trip. Other than this, never talked to the staff of the hotel as I didn't need anything.Rooms: Perfect for NYC. Small, but very functional. TV was a good size (I would guess 32 or 36&quot;) which is plenty big for a small room. Comfortable bed, and everything was new. The only issue I would say is the in wall air conditioner, which is very loud when needed. Luckily, the weather was fairly cool during my stay so used the fan only mode mostly. But I think if I needed the A/C all the time, it would have been very annoying.Location: Great if you use public transportation. Almost every subway you need is right around the corner (a half city block). You do need to walk in front of the NY Probation office, but quite frankly, it's fine. I walked alone at all times of day and night and never felt an issue. Now if you walk away from the subway station to 9th Avenue, that's a little more sketchy, but only because they are doing a ton of construction work and you end up in these little tunnel walkways. The worst thing about this location is there are very few cabs that travel down 40th. I think it has something to do with the construction or the traffic patterns, but taxis don't like this as a crosstown route. So if taking a lot of taxis are in the cards, keep this in mind. I used a car service to get to the airport because I wasn't confident that I could get a taxi at 5:00am when I had to leave (I had a ton of luggage and didn't feel like walking 1/2 block at 5 in the morning).The hotel offered free internet service, but it was very slow. I guess you get what you pay for!	
Sep 22 2009 	GREAT HOTEL	lovely clean hotel in an excellent location.port authority is right across the street as is a 24 store/chemest.theres a lovely cafe in the port authority for breakfast as the food in the hotel is pricey. the rooms are small enough but perfect if you were just showering and sleeping there as we did.the t.v in the room was great even if the remote kept switching on the very noisy air con.the bed was the most comfortable ever but the pillows were way too soft with no support and they didnt offer an alternative for people who need support from their pillow. the bar in the hotel isnt really a bar its a small alcove to the side of the reception area with approx. 3 tables. We had asked for a room with just a shower &amp; no tub but they gave us one with a tub.I made a 10 minute phonecall to ireland and it cost $93.00 yes thats NINTY THREE DOLLARS. some reviews say the area was a bit dodgy but i dont agree.o.k there are a few xxx shops but the windows are covered and no one hangs around outside and there cops everywhere in n.y so we felt pretty safe. upon checkout there was an issue with the amount we had already prepaid and the manager did very little to resolve the situation infact she point blank lied to our faces which really let down such a nice hotel but i would definatly stay here again and again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Incredible bang for your buck in a super central (albeit seedy for the suburban traveler) location	Summary: For the introductory rate of $115 that I paid, the value was beyond expectations for such a central location in Manhattan. The hotel is less than three months old, which makes it one of the newer and cleaner hotels in NYC.Rooms: The brand new rooms were a reasonable size for two adults and immaculately clean, especially the all-white bathrooms which seemed to sparkle when the lights were on. The bed was top notch, and the desk was actually designed for life in this century . . . meaning the TV was mounted on the wall and there were more power outlets built into the desk than I had plugs for. The desk even had built in USB connections!Location: The location is flawless if you are a leisurely tourist (right next to Times Sq and abundant subway lines and cabs), though some of the adult shops and grungy street characters on the block may turn off suburban visitors who haven't experienced much of NYC. Overall, a great 'base' to for your sightseeing or nightlife excursions.Service: For a select service hotel, not bad at all. I called down for extra Seattle's Best coffee (yum), bottled water (free), and toothpaste on separate occasions and they were all brought up within ten minutes or so. The housekeepers were friendly and did a great job making the room comfortable after returning from a long day of walking. While some of the staff seemed new, what do you expect? It's a brand new hotel!Cleanliness: Like I said, brand new hotel. It doesn't get any cleaner than this in NYC. I just hope a year from now the cleanliness doesn't start to slide.Value: After reading the above sections on my experience, what would you say the value was for a $115 rate? :-) I know it was an intro rate, but the experience I had was worth well more than $115 . . . maybe in the upper $100's I'd say, or lower $200's during peak dates.Other comments: The lobby area was a bit crammed. There is a circular seating area which takes up half of the lobby space and creates an obstructing wall in the lobby. At times it got claustrophobic with all the tourists and their luggage, but the reception desk agents did a good job greeting guests and checking them in efficiently.	
Sep 12 2009 	Awesome Place for an AWESOME Price!	We also got in on the opening rate through travelzoo for 115.00. We loved our room. We were on our first trip to New York and everything so great!!!! Yes the port authority was acrossed the street but it was the back side of the building and no people . Yes there was an adult dvd store but there was on many streets we walked down. There was also a parole building but only one time when we walked passed it was it even opened. So I do believe all the complaints are truly from people who just like to complain. We loved the proximity to everything. We loved News York.We were amazed by all the things to see and the closeness of the subway and Times Square. Not far from the theatres and it was great. We had never seen hotels built so tall and skinny. All the staff was so helpful and we really apreciate all their help. They were all so willing. So, we are totally going to recommend this place to stay. Our room was on the 15th floor and we were just above the port authority and we loved everything. It really was a great room and an awesome price. Thanks travelzoo for offering it! Room was really clean , beds were really comfy and so were pillows.Everything was new and really nice. Elevators were fast. We really had a great experience. Our friends who went with us were on the 13th floor to the back of the building and they loved their room too!They had a handicap accessible room and it was clean and nice. We were also left 1 water bottle in our room when we arrived. But the next day we were given 2 bottles.Thanks Four points for the wonderful stay and we will someday make our way back to the big city! Big difference from the rural town we are from. Little Italy was so cool as was China town. We went to the yankees game where Jeter tied with Gherig. We went on a cruise to see the sites of the city and it was awesome. Went down wall street and through central park. There was so much more we could have seen just not enough time.Loved it all and will be back!	
Sep 10 2009	Would stay here again without question!	After reading several reviews I was really worried about staying here with my senior citizen mother. There was nothing to worry about- Yes the street had XXX Dvd stores on it and a Parole Center (which was only open during the day) on it but I saw those types of things everywhere in New York. Very close to TImes Square. Great Price- Only complaint was we tried to go to the resturant in the hotel and could not get service. There were busy so that was really not a big deal. Alex got us a private car to take us to the airport and was really helpful. We came home afterdark one evening around 11 from a night tour and didn't feel the least bit scared walking down the street.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Hotel	We went during the promotion pricing and we were really amazed at this hotel. Yeah like a few people said... it's about 1 1/2 blocks into the ghetto area (which half of NYC is). But its really about 2 blocks away from Times Square. Point being is that it's close to the subway, food, shopping, and amazing entertainment. The hotel was nice, staff was friendly, location is great! I definately recommend this hotel and will be using this again in a few months. The internet was a little slow at times but get real... if you are going to NYC, you aren't going to sit in a hotel room much. Use this hotel!	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice but would not stay again	The hotel is very clean and new. The hotel is on a street across from the bus terminal. We felt safe walking to and from the hotel until we were leaving for the airport. We had to leave for the airport at 5:00 am. When we went downstairs we asked the man at the front desk about getting a taxi and he said we would have to walk to the corner and go in front of the bus terminal. We had to walk with our luggage there. It is a short walk but at that time of night it seemed like alot of shady people were hanging out in front of the bus station and we felt very uncomforatble and not safe. The hotel is on a one way alley and there are no taxis riding down it unless they are dropping someone off at the hotel.Unfortunately because of the taxi issue I will not stay again.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great value for promo price in Midtown	Exceptional bedding and very comfortable new beds, internet and business centerw/ printer for boarding passes a plus. Small rooms typical in size for NYC,no view. Broken coffee maker replaced upon request. Free bottled wateris one bottle per day for a room accommodating up to 4 people. Dirtystreet, adult toy store, scaffolding acceptable tradeoff for proximityto Times Sq and Broadway. Lines to check in. Tiny congested lobby butclean and new. Friendly staff. Initially told reserved room w/ two double bedswas not available and that I would have to either share a bed with mygrown son or opt to have one sleep on a chaise. I pushed the issue and got the roomreserved well in advance and guaranteed with a deposit.First night, maid service didn't happen until 9pm. We were told theywere running a bit behind. This wasn't a horrible thing and late checkout privileges more than compensated since ability to shower middaybefore heading out during brutal August heat wave was priceless!Floors tiny, elevators slow, everyone required to travel to thebasement for ice machine.Not worth current pricing of $255 per night given immediate competitionin the area with better aesthetics. Would return in a heartbeat for thepromo rate.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good hotel. Would certainly stay again.	I stayed here for two nights last week with my 10-year-old son. We too booked at the Travelzoo rate of $115. I am sorry we didn't stay longer. The rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable! The staff was friendly and most went out of their way to help us. There are adult book/DVD stores on the block but the windows are covered and the only thing you see is the words &quot;Adult DVD's...”. The Port Authority Bus Terminal so close was good. There are many places to eat there for reasonable prices and since they are open 24/7 there are always people around including police officers. I am a single mom, my son and I walked back to the hotel after 11:30 each evening and never felt unsafe. I would have felt unsafe in an area where there are fewer people around on the street. I would certainly stay here again if it were a good rate. If I were going to pay $300 a night I would probably stay in a larger hotel with more amenities.	
Aug 30 2009 	convenient and safe	As others have noted, the hotel is next to the port authority bus terminal and 2 short blocks to times square and within walking distance of grand central, fifth avenue, central park south, all broadway theaters, etc. Really a great location. The street is unattractive, but quite safe. The hotel is brand new, so the furnishings and bathroom were nice and the beds (2 doubles for us) were very comfortable. However, the air conditioner sounded like a jet taking off every time the condenser came on. It was ridiculously loud (how can this be with brand new equipment) and woke me more than once during the night. This is really something they need to address. I ahve not had such loud air conditioning in any of the 20 or so other hotels I have stayed in around New YorkCity, including the Times Square area, including very comparable hotels to this, such as Hilton Garden Inn or Doubletree.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good choice and location. Free internet!	Like the other recents reviews, I found this place via Travelzoo ($115 USD / night), and you just can't complain regarding those prices for a new hotel. I'm not going to repeat the same things mentioned, so I'll just mention good value eats:Middle-Eastern street vendors - sells styrophome container of lamb or chicken, and rice for only $5. Popeye's Chicken on 40th btw 7th &amp; 8th Ave - nuggets are $2-3, and 3-piece chicken meal is $3.	
Aug 26 2009 	Neither Great nor Terrible	A great deal on Travelzoo led us to this new hotel. We would agree with some of the things we had read on TripAdvisor before staying there and disagree with others.First, the hotel isn't on the best street in NYC. There is a huge bus terminal (NY Port Authority) across the street and a few places on the street I wouldn't want to take children to see, as some have said. But we never felt unsafe. In fact, NYC felt very safe throughout; police officers were everywhere, including one or two on the corner of 40th St. and 8th Ave., near the hotel, almost everytime we walked by. On the other side, 9th Ave. had many good restaurants. We also found advantages to being close to the Port Authority. Inside are good places for breakfast and coffee, below is a subway station, and outside were taxis all the time. In other words, we were able to get a good coffee and pastry in the morning and then travel to anywhere in the city we wanted. We also liked the fact that we could easily walk to the theatre district. We saw two major plays on 45th St., just five to ten minutes away.Second, the service was hit and miss. A few employees were very helpful, and a few didn't seem too responsive to requests. One thing that especially bothered us was when we wanted our sheets changed the first night (because of strange hairs in the bed), they only changed the top sheet. This happened twice. We finally got the sheets and changed the thing ourselves. Besides that, the bed was very, very comfortable. I must also give the hotel credit for storing our baggage for free on the day we checked out. This allowed us to see more of the city before our night flight. Finally, the hotel was nice and new, but the room was small; the bed took up most of the space.Overall, we were happy with the low price we paid to stay in Manhattan (the value for the money), but we wouldn't have been happy if we had paid much more.	
Aug 24 2009 	Very Nice hotel-don't listen to the bad reviews.......	Contrary to a lot of other people, we really liked this hotel. Pros:- location: close to (1 avenue, and 2 blocks) away from Times Square- price: paid $115.00 intro rate, excellent- room: not too small (2 double beds). GREAT COMFY bed! WOW!- nice staff, allowed early check-in- good restaurant onsite Cons:- XXX shops down the street- probation office next door Explanations:  The XXX shops are nearby, but they were all over Manhattan, as were homeless people and liquor stores. The probation ofice was so non-descript that I didn't know what it was until coming home and reading about it on other people's reviews. It must have closed by 4 or 5 pm, as I didn't see anyone near it after the dinnerhour. Face it, you're going to New York, it is going to look, smell, and appear exactly as New York. does. I'm happy to have stayed in Manhattan for under $150.00/night. To have done it at a new hotel, and to be close to Times Square was a bonus! When I travel to New York and want more space and peaceful surroundings, I stay in Secaucus, New Jersey. That may be a more suitable alternative for some people. Our 10 year old wasn't scared or phased, his only comment was &quot;there's a lot of hobo's here&quot;, which was a reference to NYC in-general. We also have a lot of homeless in Toronto, as (unfortunately) a lot of larger cities do. Go to the Four Points and enjoy!	
Aug 24 2009 	Courteous Staff well appointed room parole division one door down	Clean and courteous, on 40th and 8th, 4 Points Sheraton Times Square is a few blocks down from Times Square. Rooms are clean and nicely furnished. Be careful of a few things: It is directly across from Port Authority ( a multi story bus station), and one door down from the NY Division of Parole. Police are present in the area and it is overall safe. The guest can be noisy in the hall which can be heard in the room. I was awoken several times. A/C is noisy but necessary in the summer and can interrupt light sleepers. There are only 3 elevators all going to the top floors. At times I had to wait quite a while to get a lift. There are computers available for use, but the internet is slow. I got a great rate, but did need to be flexible.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good hotel - street kind of scary	We always winced a bit when walking back to the hotel after dark - walking by the NY Probation Department fortress NEXT door! did not help. Hotel was very nice inside, staff were good. Location was good.	
Aug 21 2009 	Stay away!!!	My husband and I will NEVER stay here again! This was our ten year anniversary. We had a horrible view of a pigeon poop stained building and right across the street from the port Authority transit building. The staff was completely incompetent. They charged our room to the wrong credit card. I gave them a card for &quot;incidentals&quot; and was assured the charge would come off in a few days. Two times I went to the front desk and questioned them about this. They never looked up my information, the inexperienced staff assured me both times, the charges would be released. They acted like new freshman high school kids not knowing what to say. The money never came off!! I called later, she told me it had been released. So I called the bank......no! So I called back and find out they charged almost my entire room to the &quot;incidentals&quot; card. When you give your credit cards to a hotel (complete strangers), you expect them to be professional, accurate, and to know what they are doing! I am trying to keep track of my money on this trip!!! I am very unhappy with this place. It is cheaper for a reason. It's not about which card it went on...it's the principle. They lied and never checked, then they lied a second time and never checked...or were just stupid. Also, porn shops right next door and nasty liquor shops.	
Aug 18 2009 	Newer hotel with night construction	Hotel staff was friendly and the hotel was new and comfortable. The neighborhood was sketchy with adult stores and a parole building close by. We got a good nightly rate of $115/night. However there was night time construction across the street.......needless to say, we did not sleep well, of course the hotel did not prewarn. Those who like a nice sleep....please be careful! Room service was questionable	
Aug 17 2009 	Good deal for Times Square	My boyfriend got the opening offer of getting a room for $115 per night. When I first came here to read the reviews about the hotel, I thought it would be located in a very sketchy area and that I would be freaking out if we were going back to the hotel really late. When we first arrived at the Port Authority bus terminal, we must say that it is amazing as it is only across (not even 5 minute of walking). The area does look sketchy with tons of adult shops, but it's somehow safe. We stayed there for 5 nights, and every night, when we were walking back to the hotel, there are cops at the corner of 8th Avenue and 40th Street. So, we did not feel unsafe at all. Only 1 avenue away from Times Square and you have subway stations all close to the hotel. Can't complain much. To us, it was like normal NYC. I wouldn't know how it would feel like if I went with a bunch of girlfriends only, but I think as long as we're at least two people together, it would be fine.The room was a bit tiny, and I was seeing spider web behind the bathroom door. The carpet in the room was a bit weird, we haven't noticed it until the last day, when the sofa was pulled a bit away from the wall. But it's nothing major. The king size bed was amazing. Haven't really tried the wireless, but the two computers provided by the hotel at the lobby were really slow. The iHome dock in our room was working fine. No view as we were staying on the 3rd floor, due to early check-in. We didn't want to wait until 3pm. The A/C was somehow really really loud. At some point, we did find the A/C a bit annoying. But whatever, again, nothing major. We haven't tried the restaurant at the lobby and didn't have the chance to go get a drink at the bar (although we were offered a 2-for-1 drink when we checked in). Apparently, it is opened until 6pm (if I remember well).	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Hotel	The neighborhood is safe. i wouldn't have any problems walking outside at 2AM. Sure there's a shelter across the street and a parole office next door. I wouldn't stand in front of the hotel taking pictures. But half a block away is the New York that most people would recognize. If you can get past the grittiness outside the door you'll find a gem of a hotel to stay in. Almost new as of this writing. Super comfortable beds. Great showers and bathrooms. Slightly smaller rooms typical of New York. For the price (about $200) this is a great place to stay.	
Aug 15 2009 	If you get a good deal this is a steal	Stayed at the hotel in August 2009 for 4 nights. Traveled with my spouse, 22 year old daughter and 11 year old son. I was very concerned about the location especially with some of the reviews I read regarding the hotel's location since you must pass a couple of adult bookstores and a parole department. However, the location was fine. There were no scary people loitering about I hardly noticed the parole department. There was a cop usually on the corner of the street which is not unusual since there are all over the times square area. We just walked quickly to the hotel and even if we hadn't I don't think it would have been scary at all. No one bothered us at all. I don't think this is an issue at all and would not be concerned about recommending the hotel. Now, regarding the hotel itself, the beds were the most comfortable I have every slept in. The rooms were clean and I felt like for New York the rooms were a good size. We weren't tripping over lugagge. The only thing I felt misled on was the fact that the hotel says they give free bottled water. In actuality, they only provide ONE small 16 oz. bottle per day. I didn't expect them to provide a bottle each day for the four of us in the room, but one bottle seemed stingy and misleading from what they advertise. I think two bottles a day would make a better impression. If two people stayed in the room for example, couldn't they cough up enough water for at least the two of them to have their own bottle? If they don't want to do this they shouldn't advertise that the room comes with free bottled water. It seems like a deliberate ploy. Overall, if you get a good price, I would recommend this hotel. TIP: If you buy tickets from the TKTS booth, count the money in your hand BEFORE you give it to the person behind the counter. The TKTS clerk stole money from me because I was counting it out as I slid it through the window. MISTAKE!!!! Don't take your eyes off them for a moment when you hand them money.	
Aug 13 2009 	Poor Location	I stayed at this hotel for the weekend, with my family. I had arrived in the city, with my child early, as I wanted to check in early, and go too chinatown. Before I arrived at the hotel, I got lost, thanks to my google maps, which was on my cell phone. I rang the hotel, to get directions, and Nicholle who i spoke too, had no clue, in giving me the right location, of the hotel. The street that the hotel is on, is horrible, there is men working, and awful rated R dvd stores. But when you take a right out of the hotel, at the end of the street, you have the subway, the New York Times Building, a very clean and large drug store across the road. And also you have the bus station near, as well. Its a very short walk too Times Square, which is great. If you want too go to Central Park, we took the sub, which is quick, but dirty..We also went too the Bronz Zoo, which was great.. Overall I may stay here again, as I know the location..And my husband loved the bed, the bathroom was small, the toileties were great, you get a bottle of water, in your room, free intnet downstairs...Coffee maker also in the room, and great bedroom slippers. The only issue, that my husband also didn't like you have to go to the basment, to get the ice. Also the he thought the bar tender, who was on a Friday night, who was female, was rude, and didn't serve him, she said she was not serving any more drinks, but yet she was still serving the two gentlemens, at the bar..Nicholle who checked me in, who was not that great, not very knowable, and I did sign up, to be a starwards perferred guest, she did not explained the program at all. But we did have a great time, in the city, I love New York.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very clean but area surrounding the hotel is a bit shady	Although we had trouble with our reservation at first, all was taken care of by a very nice gentleman at the front desk. We were allowed to check in early, which was a bonus, as we were headed to a 2:30 pm Broadway show (all of them are walking distance from this hotel).The hotel was new, clean and well appointed. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was bigger than others we have seen in NYC.We had a very nice view from our room.The area in and around the hotel was a bit &quot;shady&quot; after dark, however, we did not feel too uncomfortable walking around. Still, it needs a clean up!!Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you can get it at a good price, which we did ($115 introductory rate).	
Aug 10 2009 	A steal for the location	This was my fourth visit to NYC and my husband's first. I have only stayed on the Upper West Side before, and took the chance with the Times Square locale with the fantastic deal they were offering ($115/night - - check the hotel's actual website.) Although this area is definitely more &quot;gritty&quot; than the Upper West Side, the Times Square subway station gives you access to many lines that go all over the city. The room was very well appointed, and I never slept in a more comfortable bed - no kidding. There is a close subway station and a pharmacy/grocery right on the corner down the street to purchase snacks/maps, etc. The bus terminal was also right there, and we saw a few homeless types, but the patrolmen politely asked them to move on, which they did. The terminal, by the way, has a ton of low cost restaurants and snack shops also. It's also good to know a portion of Times Square is closed off on Sat. nights so pedestrians can fully take in the magnificence of it all. If you want to be close to Times Square and Broadway, this is a fantastic deal you shouldn't miss.	
Aug 9 2009 	good access to subway and times square brand new hotel location so so	also got the grand opening special of 115 dollars with taxes 135just off times square - only had problems once with riff raffbrand spanking newonly 8 rooms per floormy room looked greatbigger than i thought i would get for new yorkreally not much smaller than a hilton i stayed in in New jerseydesk with hookup/cable for laptop. don't even need to use the Wi figreat value but if i had more money i'd stay away from Times Square i think....i think i'd like more downtown 40th street has access to the Times square subway - like there is a subway entrance half a block from the hotel........A C E lines on the other side of 40th st is the bus terminalthere was also 2 computers for public use. 1 had a working printer so i could print my boarding passsmall fitness centre. didn't use it . didn't see anyone in itstaff: room made up nicelythe front desk staff have google.......when they don't know they can look it upi thought they tried hard when i had a concern	
Aug 9 2009 	Beware of Booking online	We booked the hotel last minute (the night before our arrival) through booking.com. We also called the hotel directly to confirm that they had rooms available and were told if we could book it online, then there were rooms available. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that they did not have rooms for us and so we were stuck in NY with all our luggage and a 10 year old in tow. At first they told us that the booking was for October 4th, not August (the day we arrived). When we produced the booking confirmation the staff changed their story and told us that they had tried to call us that morning (we had no way of confirming this as we had been travelling to the hotel!). On a separate note, I would be wary of staying in this location again, especially with young children. The hotel was surrounded on both sides by &quot;adult&quot; stores and there were lots of seedy characters hanging around (even for NY!)	
Aug 6 2009	Mixed feelings	I have stayed in NYC a few times in different places. As others have said, the location is great as you are only a few blocks from times square. However, I have to agree that the walk to 8th St. is a little shady but its short...and not so scary that we would avoid walking there at night. We were two women alone and only once did we feel a little nervous. There were often police at the corner of 41st and 8th right down the street. The hotel bed is very comfortable and size of the room is fine - I have stayed in bigger and smaller. The overall service though is lacking. Housekeeping forgot to restock things for us daily and Room service also failed to show up on one occasion and forgot things on another. When we asked the front desk a question or two about getting back to the airport they were less than helpful. Another complaint would be the air conditioner. It was terrible! It was very loud and very strong. Overall I would recommend the hotel due to the price of $115US/night along with the comfort of the bed. Another tip - eat lunch at Schnippers at 41st and 8th in the bottom of the New York Times building. Great food!	
Jul 29 2009 	Decent but not anxious to return	This brand-new hotel is located close to 9th Avenue, with the Port Authority bus station across the street, and a number of adult shops just up the block. There is ongoing construction on the corner, which makes for noise whenever you leave the hotel (plus, you have to negotiate all the scaffolding). It is not a pretty block. However, the proximity to the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood is actually wonderful. Many great restaurants on 9th and 10th Avenues, and you can walk to the Hudson (where you can rent bicycles, walk along the riverfront, or visit the Intrepid battleship museum) in just a few minutes.The hotel itself is nice enough. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Staff, though, aren't of the &quot;go the extra mile&quot; breed. To be fair, the lobby is tiny, and it must be tough to manage guests in such a small space.In conclusion, it is a decent place to stay. We got a promotional rate and used points for a four-night stay, so we got a very good value. But if we weren't using points, I imagine we'd use Priceline to stay somewhere better.	
Jul 29 2009 	Unlike others no complaints!	After reading the reviews for this hotel, I was skeptical but that was completely unwarranted. To those who have complained about the hotel's location, grow some thicker skin. The hotel is not in the greatest area but is by no means dangerous. Yes, there were a couple of homeless people in the vicinity of the hotel but they did not approach myself or my friends nor did they attempt to talk to us. The area surrounding the hotel has some great little restaurants and bakeries, a previous reviewer said to avoid 9th ave. but I completely disagree, there are so many great spots there!As for the hotel, it was very clean! Rooms were a good size for Manhattan and the bathroom was spotless. We were on a high floor so we had a nice view of the skyline. The staff was courteous at all times and a nice perk not mentioned is the fact that the hotel offers discounted parking ($24 per 25 hours) at a lot just up the block, all you have to do is have someone at the front desk validate your parking ticket. The wifi worked well throughout our stay and the complimentary water was a nice touch. All in all, great hotel in a great location close to Times Square but not directly in the hussle and bustle. Definitely worth the grand opening special of $115/night.	
Jul 29 2009 	GREAT HOTEL IF PRICE IS RIGHT	Although the hotel is on the south side of the Port Authority Bus Terminal,the street is safe and hassle free. Taxis frequent this cut through street, so it is not a problem getting one quickly.Small, clean new hotel with easy access in and out.Polite, friendly, courteous staff who are all willing to help. Rooms are average size for a NYC hotel, but being that the hotel is brand new, made it more comfortable. Would recommend this hotel for singles or couples. Any price under $150 makes this hotel a bargain.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good Value Great Location	Four Points Sherton Hotels are usually a decent quality, and good value. Thie was a brand new hotel, so new it wasn't on the Super Shuttle Hotel List. So if you go soon, make sure that you tell the company it is a new Four Points Hotel and the exact address so they don't get it mixed up with the other Four Points hotels in New York. We got a great rate on the room because of the Grand Opening special promotion. Only paid $125 plus tax per night. It couldn't be missed. But as people said, the room is small, I think it is only 200 sq feet. Get 2 queen beds in there and you don't have a lot of room to move. But if you are only sleeping there, it is adequate. Our only complaint about the size is that when I was sitting at the desk there was no room for a person to pass between the bed and the back o fthe chair. Oh, small closet too, but adequate number of shelves and drawers for other storage. The location is great as far as proximity to Times Square. The subway entrance is a half block walk. Times square is at your feet. But you do pass a couple of Adult Book Stores and the Probation Office. There is always a police officer at the corner (usualy day and night) But I noticed quite a few police officers all over times Square on this visit to NYC. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but if you have to pay more than $200 per night, check out some of the other in the area to compare. I think the Hilton Garden Inn rooms are bigger for the same price.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good value clean hotel	Hotel is good value with travelzoo promotion. Was very clean. Bar was not open at beginning of July. Location is not as bad as reviews suggest. Very close to subway and Times Square.	
Jul 26 2009 	Nice Stay	We stayed at the Four Points for 3 nights in mid-July. I saw some less than favorable reviews for the location, and I was a little concerned. This is about 2 blocks from times square, but not a &quot;bad&quot; area. I didn't feel unsafe at any time walking to or from the hotel. The rooms were nice and new. They were a little on the small side, but we got a deal on the rate, so I wouldn't complain. Overall, we had a great stay. Never waited more than a couple of minutes for an elevator and all of the staff were very nice and helpful. Definitely convienant location, since you're only about a block from the subway and the bus terminal.	
Jul 23 2009 	Will be back; Clean affordable 	I stayed here for one night during a very warm week in July. The aircon shuts down if you are out of the room for a while (motion sensors) but since they are brand new it cools the room down very quickly. The shower and bathroom were spotless and laid out nicely. The complimentary internet and bottled water are nice amenities; they also had an ipod docking radio which had decent sound. My king bed room on the 30th floor had a nice view of the Empire State building and city in general. It was very quiet and well decorated. Elevators were slow during peak use times, but never more than a 5 minute wait for me. The only ice / vending machines are in the basement which is slightly inconvenient. There was also a fitness center down there but I did not try it, nor did I try room service or the lobby lounge.I arrived at 12:30 and as others have stated no rooms were available and the small lobby was full of bags, which looked a little shabby. Had lunch on 9th Ave and then came back around 1:30 and was given my room, which was nice since check in is technically at 3.As for the area, it is fine- not Park Avenue, but certainly not dangerous in any way. It is close to multiple subway lines and cabs are plentiful. The airport express bus departs from the north side of PA bus terminal on 42nd, a cheap way to get to nyc airports.All in all it was a clean, affordable hotel in a great location for a quick visit to New York, no major complaints at all.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice hotel...but was not told of its exact location	When I booked 2 rooms for my husband and myself and 3 boys I was told by an SPG reward operator several things. First and most important, the hotel was located in Times Square, (across from the Westin). It is not! The area may be considered Times Square, but there is not much pedestrian traffic and what there is not reassuring. The hotel is actually beside the NYC bus terminal. The back of this building is the front view of the hotel. We had to walk our 3 boys down this dark street that looked like an alley with bars, homeless, and adult DVD stores. I did not FEEL SAFE walking on this street! Also the hotel has no connecting rooms, and only 2 double beds per floor. My husband and I split up so an adult was in each room with our kids.The beds were nice, and price was great... but I feel I was greatly misled by starwood. We definately got what we paid for. This is not a place I would EVER bring my kids back too. If you have kids please learn from our mistake and stay elsewhere--	
Jul 19 2009 	Needs more time to get into shape	VERy sketchy area, even in broad daylight!For value, ($115 intro rate was on-line, and heard about it on the elevator,)spent more on cabs, and had to walk to front of Port Authority to grab one, none came down narrow street. Nice beds and clean since brand new. Housekeeping inconsistent. No security, no doorman, front desk staff confused and unhelpful. different # soaps, towels, coffee cups in room each day. 3 elevators service entire 33 floors, with 8 rooms on each. Took 15 minutes 1 day to get down. I suggest walk if on lower floors. Bill upon checkout was only plus. Felt unsafe going to basement to get ice.	
Jul 19 2009 	Mixed Feelings	I really have mixed feelings in regards to this hotel. I was fortunate enough to get the room at $115 per night with the Travelzoo promotions, which makes it a nice deal for the price. However, if I would have paid more for the room I think I would have regretted not going elsewhere. When I booked this room online it had recently opened and there were no reviews. Shortly after booking the reviews started coming in, there seemed to be a concern in regards to the location. I called the hotel due to the reviews I was reading, through our phone call the lady said that she put a block on my room and upgraded the room to the spg floor, and a better view. When we arrived at the hotel the rooms were not ready so they offered to hold our luggage for us. I mentioned to the lady about the assurance of this upgrade, the girl acknowledged this agreement. However, when we were able to check in we were put on a lower floor overlooking the bus terminal. I mentioned this to the hotel personnel and was first told that there were no rooms available, then I was told that a room was available a couple of floors higher up, then I was told that since I got the promotional rate through Travelzoo (and others having a higher tier of spg points) that others were given priority. The part that really bothers me is that I was promised one thing then they failed to deliver. On the 2nd day of our trip we came back to the room later in the evening and were surprised to see that the bed was not done nor the room cleaned (clean towels were left in the bathroom). The hotel was clean, most of the employees were courteous, the room was large enough for what we needed it for. The location isn't the best in the world and I would not recommend it as a place to stay for families with children or females traveling alone. I did notice that they have video stores in many areas, even around some of the 4-5 star hotels.	
Jul 17 2009 	A very good find in all aspects - highly recommended	First of all: I really liked the hotel. My room was new and quite spacious (especially considering you're in New York City). The bed is the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper Bed, so basically you feel like you're sleeping on clouds. The hotel also features a restaurant, but didn't try it. Hotel offers free high-speed internet in the rooms, and has a small but efficient fitness room.Then the location: I had no problem with it. It's on West 40th St between 8th and 9th Avenue (tell the cab driver this, since the hotel is so new he might not know it. Hotel is on the right hand side if you come down 40th Street). Seriously, you're in New York City, you're bound to see stuff you don't see in your home town. I don't agree with other reviewers that it was seedy or uncomfortable. They make it sound as if you're descending into hell, which really isn't the case. I returned to my hotel after midnight and did not feel uncomfortable at all, since the area is well-lit. The hotel is right next to a Fairfield Inn by Marriott, and Times Square is a 10 minute walk. Bus Terminal is right around the corner, as is a Duane Reed drugstore, and the subway is very close as well. Taxi's aren't difficult to find on 8th Avenue, and it only took me 30 minutes to get to JFK by cab (45 dollars flat fee + 5 dollars toll).In all, I can really recommend it.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel - Unfortunate Location	The hotel was great. I also received the amazing opening special rate of $115 so we decided to stay overnight in the city after watching the fire works. Our room was of a decent size for New York and the beds were fantastic. The decor was very nice and the front desk check in was courteous and pleasant. I don't have one complaint about the hotel itself. I would not recommend this location for families and those not familiar with NY. In this city one block can make a big difference. And at this location right next to the bus terminal, it does. There is a homeless mission and a more populated area of people who may make some uncomfortable. I would not have felt comfortable with just a girlfriend or my daughter. We saw a homeless man rip a flag out of a woman’s hair and almost pull out her hair. I’m used to seeing homeless people in the city. What I am not used to is seeing them laying across the sidewalk apparently not breathing and a cop basically just walking over him. These were just 2 of the many sites a block over from the hotel. Stick with 8th Ave if you can. If you are a couple used to NY or a bunch of guys – no problem what so ever. And from what I’ve been told they are trying to revitalize the Hell’s Kitchen area so it could get better in the future.	
Jul 6 2009 	Definitely not family friendly	We booked two rooms in June 2009. On line I requested a crib which never arrived. The first night there was no hot water for our showers, the second there was no water pressure. They also forgot to mention the State of NY Parole Division was next door; not a pretty view. The rooms were ok but there was barely any room to walk. To close our stay there was no staff available at check out to help bring luggage down. We were told to come down to the lobby and get the cart ourselves. As we were checking out there was another unsatisfied family loudly expressing their concerns to the front desk staff.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good deal in NYC	Found a openning special as a SPG member. Paid $115/night + taxes. Room was ready upon arrival (noon). Asked for a room that had a view of the Hudson River. Not a problem. Room was on 2Oth floor. Watched fireworks from the room. Nice room. Excellent king bed with good linens. Bathroom was small , but functional. Asked for extra towels which were delivered promptly. Free bottled water was included. Room was behind the elevator, but was quiet. Room darkening shades worked well. Safe in the room, coffeemaker with supplies, an ipod docking radio, and an HD tv. Everything was good except the airconditioner. It worked well, but was noisy. I had earplugs which I used...slept well. I would stay there again if the price was right. The seedy streetlife is just New York. Homeless people are in all parts of the city. Just ignore. I felt safe. The hotel has a restaurant which I did not try. Nearby is Lenny's and the Westway Diner . Both on 9th at 43rd. Good food and cheap.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great price nice new room	I stayed a night on 6/28. When I tried to check in the small lobby was filled with bags and there was barely any room to stand. I proceeded to the SPG line and was told that no rooms were ready (this was 2:00 p.m.). Not a big deal since checkin wasn't until later. The woman at the front desk wasn't too friendly and seemed overwhelmed by all of the baggage in the lobby. I asked the front desk attendant to hold our bags and we came back around 6:00 p.m. and were able to check in. My room was on the 27th floor (the SPG floor) and had a view of the roof of Port Authority. The room was clean, new, and had a very comfy bed. The curtains didn't close properly, so we woke up very early the next morning due to all of the sunlight. The rooms have an iHome iPod dock/clock radio, but it didn't work.The elevators were dirty and made the worst creeking noises. We didn't have time to check out the gym. When I asked about upgrades, I was told that the suites were still under construction.As others have mentioned, this hotel isn't on the nicest block in the city. While it's not unsafe, it is unsavory with adult DVD stores and homeless people flanking the entrance.I would stay here again as the hotel was affordable, convenient, and clean.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice Hotel ... With Some Flaws	Just stayed here for four days with some friends. The hotel is nice and the rooms are pretty spacious for New York City travel. The only problem I had was what other reviewers said - it is down a sketchy side street with a lot of adult stores so we (four girls) did not feel safe walking at night (or the day in that area being hooted and hollered at). However, the hotel staff were very friendly in checking us in early and allowing us to leave our bags there until our room was ready. Granted the view was of the Port Authority station, the view was great from where we were! The lobby is a bit small and the bar area wasn't ready yet, but since it was only opened three weeks ago its okay. They were friendly about giving us extra towels and coffee, and even had razors for us since we didn't bring them on our flight.It is very close to Times Square and there are no worries about getting around NYC since you are near the Subway station. The staff is willing to help you get to your destination. GREAT (Cheap) pizza place right around the corner - 2 pieces of pizza and pop for $2.75 ... and it was good pizza! Other than that, no food IMMEDIATELY next to the hotel. Beds were soft, nice tv! Our iHome (ipod station) didn't work which was disappointing. Note there is a full size blow dryer so don't bring one! Wireless was great, although slow but can't complain for free internet! There are only eight rooms per floor so as soon as you step off the elevator ... BOOM your room is right there. But it was fairly quiet so we can't complain on that perspective. For four girls, and the low cost per night, we couldn't complain too much :)It was a problem getting a taxi since it is a size street so you had to walk to 8th Street which was somewhat annoying but dealable since there is a taxi stand right off of this street.	
Jun 26 2009 	What the heck were they thinking?	You approach the hotel along a narrow, one-way street with no available (legal) parking. Opposite the property sits the eyesore that is the Port Authority Bus Terminal, while most of the rest of the hotels side of the block is occupied by adult video stores and peepshows. I didn't feel unsafe walking to or from the hotel, even relatively late into the evening, just be aware that it isn't a park.That said, the hotel itself is solid. The (tiny) rooms are well appointed with great beds. There were three of us in a double room, and you literally have to get on a bed to let someone walk past you. They are indeed that small. One ice machine serves the entire property, so no matter what floor you are on you have to elevator to the basement for ice.In the room itself, as I said, the beds are GREAT. Roller shades can either obscure the view, or provide very acceptable blackout for sleeping in. The internet is available via wireless or wired. It is painfully slow, but workable and free. In an indication that hotels finally are beginning to understand that we have things we need to plug in, there are available outlets everywhere!Dining is available downstairs, but at ~$15 for the average breakfast, do yourself a favor and walk one block east and stop in at the Teleon Cafe. Breakfast (and dinner) is cooked fresh and fast at a reasonable price.Summary? At around $150 for a new property this close to Times Square, jump on it. Just go in aware of the potential shortcomings.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great deal in Times Square	This hotel was fantastic. My husband and I were going to NYC to attend the U.S. Open Golf tournament out on Long Island. We found this hotel from a hotel special email we received (as we are Starwood members). We booked it immediately figuring that with it being brand new, we couldn't go wrong. We were right. The hotel is very nice. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The block that it is on is definitely a side street in a big city (dingy, nothing pretty) but certainly not dangerous. We don't typically stay in Times Square when we go to NYC, but particularly with wanting to be near the train station to go to Long Island, the location was perfect. It's a brand new hotel, so even though they said the hotel was up and running, it was hard to tell, but it didn't matter as we didn't need a restaurant in the hotel. It looks as though a cute little bar area is about to open in the lobby area of the hotel. With the prices that they have been offering, this will definitely become a NYC staple for us. It suited our needs perfectly	
Jun 18 2009 	Good Deal in NYC	This hotel is brand new (less than a month old) and located on the corner of 8th Ave and 40th Street in Manhattan. Overall the block where the hotel is located is fairly dingy, but the hotel's location right in Midtown near all major subway lines makes it very convenient to all areas of Manhattan. Service was very friendly and as a new property the rooms were spotless and nicely decorated. The room was tiny, but fairly standard for New York. Be aware that rooms in the back of the hotel face an alley and have no views of any kind. Despite that, bedding was excellent and the free internet was a plus. For under $200, this hotel is a solid deal and perfect for a quick trip into the city.	
Jun 17 2009 	Brand New Great Value Would Stay Again	I stayed here from June 8 - 10 and was pleasantly surprised at check in when I learned that the hotel had just opened a few days prior, and I was the first person to stay in the room. I got a rate of about $189/night, which I think is pretty good given the proximity to times square, the fact that you free get high speed internet, bottled water, and a great little room. The staff were all excellent, the room nicely appointed (but standard NYC small), and the gym was wonderful as well. The hotel is in a bit of a &quot;transitional&quot; area, meaning that there are some adult DVD shops a few hundred feet up the street, but you are also right there by the NY Times building, and 8th ave. I will definitely be back to this modern, affordable, boutique style hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Sub Standard für ein Sheraton hotel		
