Oct 27 2009 	Great Hotel for Families	Great Hotel HUGE by NYC standards good beds clean nice and well taken care of !all in all a very good hotelA word of Warning aboutr &quot;black cars&quot; vs taxis taxis are usually WAY cheaper and metered please please if you have any questions ask your bellman.	
Oct 22 2009 	The Best Week Ever! :)	We (mom, dad, Sister and me) went to new york for 8 days in February to celebrate my dads 50th birthday. We stopped at this hotel and was very impressed from the very start, we had just had a horrendous airport transfer and was very jet lagged. As soon as we arrived at the hotel the doorman couldnt do enough for us, he carried the bags up to the hotel room and came and checked on us to make sure we had settled in well (obviously expecting a tip). The hotel staff were very friendly and couldnt do enough for you weather you wanted tickets booking or just random info. We had a family room x2 double beds, a tv, bathroom and a cupboard (the room was28 stories high!). it was very clean and the maids did a fantastic job! The location is excellent as you are situated right by a subway station and you are next to a supermarket and only a 20 minute slow walk to Times square and 10 minutes from 5th avenue! No where in New york is cheap and the breakfasts in the hotel really were'nt ($18 for breakfast!), theres a McDonalds 1 block down so thats where we ate every day. We were typical tourists and the people are very friendly in shops or just people that live there for some reason they kept on asking us how we felt about whats gong on in the world e.g. Barak Obama, the war, the financial crisis. I guess they just wanted to see how we felt. The atmosphere is awsome in and out of the hotel and would recommend this hotel to anyone, it wasnt cheap but what do you expect for staying in New York City! One last thing dont expcet it to be cheap the restaraunts are so expensive, even little cafe's and leave a tip!, we went into this one cafe near the world trade centre site and the waitress came up to us adn told us we hadnt tipped enough!!!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Pleasant Clean	This was an impromptu weekend getaway to NYC that we booked the night before on Priceline (name your own price). Given the price we paid, and that it was only rated a 3 star hotel, it was a nice surprise. We asked for a king sized bedroom, which we were given, and it was around the corner from the gym which looked pretty good (but we didn't use it). Carpet, furniture, dresser, bathroom - everything was very clean. A/C worked well. No musty smell that you sometimes get. You can definitely hear the subway running underneath, but it wasn't loud enough to be a bother or rouse us from sleep (and I'm a light sleeper). People who checked us in/out were gracious to us even though we were about 10-15 minutes late in checking out. Right next to the subway station. Room was spacious, with a view toward the street below - nice at night with all the lights. Great place to stay - wouldn't mind staying here again for the same price (~$150/night).	
Oct 8 2009 	The perfect NYC hotel for us	After staying in an absolute dive on our last trip to NYC, the Marriot on 92nd was a palace. We were lucky enough to get an end room (be sure to request one) and it had a 2 windows, one with a view of the East River. It was bright and spacious (unlike many NYC hotels) and had a sofa, refrigerator, coffee maker, etc. It was a great place to return to after a day of touring and was quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful. For us the location was perfect because it was a half block away from our daughter, but it was about a 6 block walk to the nearest subway station. We didn't take the bus, but I imagine one runs close by. An advantage of the location, thought, is that it's only a 15 minute (30 in traffic) ride to LaGuardia. There were plenty of good and not outrageously expensive restaurants in the area within a few blocks as well as some corner markets. There's a coffeeshop type restaurant in the hotel where we went for a decent breakfast. We'll definitely go back!	
Sep 25 2009 	Solid Business Hotel Decent Location	I stayed here this summer since it had a preferred rate with a local hospital. The location is decent, although it is a bit far from the subway (10-15 minute walk). The room was clean and comfortable - actually pretty large for an NYC hotel. Our room had a weird, handicap-accessible bathroom which I assume was due to us getting the hospital rate. Staff was friendly and helpful. Quick tip, go for the $20/night parking at the end of the block rather than the $40/night valet parking. We almost made that mistake. Overall, I'd stay here again if in NYC on business but probably not for personal travel since I'd wanted to be closer to sites and transportation.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel wonderful location to move about the city	We were upgraded in advance by David of the front desk to a suite. I’m thinking we’ll invite people we know who live in NY over for drinks! No way. Although very nice, the suite did not have a separate living room. It was designed more like a studio apartment with everything in the same room separated by a sort of half wall divider. The room had two large corner windows with a nice view of the East River. The room included a small sofa, modern desk with chair and nice closet. This property had flat screen in the lobby, but not in the room. This hotel is on the Upper East Side at 92 and First Avenue close to good restaurants and public transportation including the Lexington Avenue subway at 86th. Although the photo gives the impression of a tall building, it is not a skyscraper. It is located near several high-rise apartments.This property is great if you need to travel by public transportation. We jumped on the subway to get to the US Open. We also hopped on the express train and rode just two stops to Times Square. We took a taxi one night from a jazz club for about $15 because we didn’t feel like dealing with the subway.If you want something to eat, you’ll find many nice inexpensive good restaurants in the area on Second Avenue going southbound. You get good food by eating where the people who live in the area eat. However, do like the locals try to do, go to breakfast before 11 am. After that time they serve the same food, but raise the prices and don’t give away free orange juice. Skip the restaurant coffee and go to the nearby Starbucks for espresso. The hotel included a restaurant and bar on the first floor. It looked sort of dark and sat off to the back area of the lobby. It didn’t look interesting at all in terms of going there to eat. The lower level included a gym with a wonderful 50- foot swimming pool at 81 degree water temperature. If you’re a swimmer, you’ll love this pool!	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic	I volunteer for a non-profit cervical cancer organization and we were recently in NY to hold our 2nd annual awareness walk. We stayed at a different Marriott last year but decided to try the Courtyard Marriott. I was not in charge of accommodations so I had no idea what to expect. The valet/bellhop was helpful and prompt. Check in was swift even though we had 10+ rooms to confirm. Like someone else mentioned, the elevators are rather slow so be prepared to wait if you are attempting to use during peak traffic times.We had to print some registration forms out for the walk the next day so I took my credit card with me into the business center. I was pleasantly surprised that not only was the use of the computer free, but I could print there for free as well! The hotel even offered free wireless in the rooms. I won't even tell you how much this cost us last year at the other hotel!!! The front desk was extremely helpful. There were certain odds and end items that we forgot and they were happy to let us use them.I did not use the pool nor the gym but they looked very clean and welcoming. I especially liked the view of the pool from the hotel lobby. One thing I wish they would update is that the only ice machine is on the lower level. The hotel is in a residential location so it is quiet (despite the typical horn honking) and safe. I didn't venture out on foot too much so I am unable to speak about any restaurants near the hotel. I ate appetizers at the hotel bar/lounge and had dinner in other locations (Melba's Restaurant was ok and Patsy's Pizza was ok).When we have our next board meeting, I will definitely recommend staying at this location again next year. We got a great rate and the amenities were fantastic.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great hotel - wonderful staff	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights during the last heat wave. Thankfully the air conditioning worked great. The rooms are a bit small but extremely clean and the price was very reasonable for a New York 3 star hotel. Very close to Central Park and Museum Mile. We have visited New York in the past but never had time to visit any of the museums or Central Park. If this type of trip interests you then this is a great location. We went to the Guggenheim, Museum of Modern Art and the Museum of Natural History as well as a couple of visits to Central Park. To get anywhere downtown, take any bus across town to Lexington Avenue (about a 20 minute walk). Hop on the Lexington subway at either 86th or 96th and it will take you to the bottom of Manhatten and all places in between. Central Park West is where the great hotels overlooking the park are located including The Dakota. There are numerous deli's close to the hotel including several fine restaurants. If you like Italian then try out Pinnocios - just around the corner on first avenue two blocks south of the hotel. The food was amazing. The only problem we had with the hotel was the elevators - only two and sometimes slow. We stayed on the 15th floor and would recommend you stay at a lower floor if available. The pool and exercise room are fantastic and great for the kids. I would definately recommend this hotel. We got our great deal on Priceline.com. Check it out.	
Aug 10 2009 	a wonderful friendly clean hotel	we stayed here after initially staying in a hotel in queens and were impressed with the service and cleanliness of the hotel . nothing was too much trouble, the bell boys were a mine of information so make sure you ask them for tips for seeing new york. it is within walking distance of central park and there are resturants and deli's within a block. the swimming pool and jacuzzi got well used by us with great opening times. the area is residential and quite and you fel perfectly safe walking around. if you want afamily room it is worth phoning the hotel directly because they are not always shown as available on line but as the staff are so accomodating it is worth asking in person .	
Jul 22 2009 	One night stop	Good clean hotel. The rooms were roomy, clean and quiet. A very clean Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. A little far out of the centre of the city for sight seeing but taxis and bus serices were cheap and good. You could also walk if you wanted too. It felt safe to stay there and walk around day or night.	
Jul 21 2009 	Price is Right! Staff is Wrong!!!!	For the price, the hotel is perfect, but the staff doesn't care or doesn't help. When we asked for the number for grand central station, they gave us directions to their business center so that we could google it. This is awful customer service, and I think with the beautiful location and great property that with an aligned staff they might actually be a great hotel. Unfortunately, not the case.	
Jul 16 2009 	We made the BEST CHOICE	The Courtyard has been the best choice for us!!! After extensive reading of reviews at TripAdvisor and other sites...I felt we could not go wrong w/ this location. And we were right!!!It is convenient to get around Manhattan....on a pleasant street that is not too crowded or noisy. Right next door is a pharmacy/convenience store for drinks, snacks, etc!!!! And beyond that as well as across the street is a subway entrance......so very easy to get to Times Square, the theatres, Central Park, etc......I did my homework.....and it paid off!!! Booking our flight + this hotel really saved money!!! (I used Travelocity)The front desk staff is friendly...asking how our day was when we return each time. Our needs have all been met......and we have the room to spread out! We have three adults....my husband and I plus an 18 year old teen. The king room w/ a sofa bed was perfect!	
Jul 1 2009 	Not the kind of hotel I would book for my own vacation	I would call this a plain vanilla hotel. It had a variety of customers--business people, families. The lobby was usually busy if not chaotic. Only 2 elevators and you had to use your room key for security purposes to get to your floor. The room was quiet and clean. It was a chain so nothing unique about it but functional and was fine for a one night stay.	
Jun 24 2009 	Friendly staff clean great choice on Upper East Side	My husband and I had a great weekend here. The front desk staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The room was very clean, and by Manhattan standards, it was quite spacious. And if you're a swimmer, bring your suit, because the indoor pool is actually shaped for lap swimming. For our needs, the location was perfect. But if you plan to be in midtown Manhattan during most of your stay, or have to be within a block of a subway stop, then you should probably think of a midtown hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	Decent hotel for a couple of nights but nothing special	Overall this was a clean, friendly hotel with excellent service. Reception were always happy to answer any of our questions and did so thoroughly. They were also very helpful to the point that when we went to get the key for the mini bar from reception, they advised us that the mini bar was expensive and that we would be better off going across the road to get some beers, and that they would provide us with a small fridge for our room which they did by the time we got back. The rooms were quite small with hardly any room to move around, however we did have two queen size beds.The hotel is within walking distance of Central Park and the underground lines, although it does take half an hour to an hour to get into town. All in all it was a pleasant stay but I am sure there are a number of hotels in the same category around New York.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great location great staff great stay all together	My mother and daughter (11y.o) and I went on a &quot;girl trip&quot; to NYC. This hotel was in a perfect place with neighborhood surrounding it and MD offices. Also, it is VERY safe to walk out at night here to go to a local resturant for dinner. It is about 4 blocks up to Central Park and not that far from the Metropolitan. Good place on 2nd &amp; 92nd to get pizza (Delizia) The staff was excellent and attentive. They assisted us with forgotten items and a hotel car back to LGA. The hotel resturant offers a great breakfast at a reasonable price and it is huge so you can split an omlet if you want. I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our stay at the Courtyard.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good place to stay for seeing the museums	Courtyard upper east side made my stay in my favorite city all that more enjoyable. For once I was not traveling for business and I picked this location purely because of it's proximity to museum mile.The courtyard is nestled on the northern end of the upper east side by east Harlem. It is a short distance from Central Park and from museum mile. It is also a reasonable cab fare from the airports; in my case LGA.The lobby was nice, nothing special. The staff was friendly.The rooms are small by North American standards, regular sized for NYC. Everything was very clean. The bathroom was good sized and had minimal toiletries. The bed was very comfortable. The view was fair. There is a weighted mini bar with snacks and drinks. No refrigerator or microwave. The desk included a free wired internet hook up with a cord that doesn't reach beyond the desk. The safe in the closet isn't big enough for regular sized laptops.In New York it's all about location and for me it was perfect and the price was fair for a major chain. If you are going to the common tourist attractions that are in lower Manhattan this hotel is quite a bit north for those activities.It was an average hotel for an average price so I gave it an average rating.	
May 21 2009 	Would have rated higher but...	...they didn't respond to my concerns about safety. On the last day (of 4), my door stuck, and we were trapped in the room. We called down to the front desk, and they sent a security guard up. I was able to get the door open as he arrived, and he looked at and talked to me like I was idiot for not knowing how to use a lock, and said he'd have maintenance look at it. When we came back a few hours later to check out, the same thing happened. This time, we had to get the housekeepers to let us out through the adjoining room, and they mentioned that they knew that that room did that from time to time. When I talked to a manager about it, saying it was a major fire hazard, he apologized profusely, and said he'd look into it. After I got home, I wrote a review on another site, and only then got an e-mail from another manager at the hotel, who offered me another apology and said he'd refund a night's stay. Surprise, surprise... almost 1 year later, I still haven't seen that refund.	
May 19 2009 	A happy customer despite . . .	It was a pleasant stay for me (2 nights). The room is good size considering that it is in Manhattan. The subway is less than 10 mins (walk) away and there are numerous amenites nearby. It also provide free internet access in the room. The staff and service were good. The only shortcoming was the heating system in my room was malfunciton. I would recommed this hotel to visitors who are looking for value for money hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Great Place To Stay	I surprised my daughter for her 18th Birthday with a weekend in NYC. We went to see the Broadway Show, Jersey Boys - which I recommend everyone to see - Phenomenal Show! We arrived and our room was available. Lovely view. We were on the 27th Floor. The cafe for breakfast was a bit pricey for their buffet. I wasn't impressed with the breakfast buffet for the price. The gym was nice. The bar was good. The computer area is good, as well. The convince of the transportation was excellent. Subway on the corner, bus stop a block away. Restaurants close by. Museum and other sightseeing sites close by. We walked everywhere and enjoyed the hotel and sites. I would definitely stay here again. Staff was great! Duane Reade next door. You had everything at your fingertips.	
Feb 17 2009 	Obnoxious buzzing sound (from ventilation system) plagued stay - Management NO help	I stayed at this hotel this past weekend, and I was disappointed by what I found, however, my disappointment was tempered by the fact that I paid only $105 (Priceline) for my room. Had I paid the rack rate, I would have sobbed.The aesthetics and layout of the room were fine, and it was roomy by New York standards. The view was nothing special (7th floor, looking at adjacent building) - I’m sure we got the “Priceline special.”There hotel did have some pluses, but, unfortunately, there were also several BIG flaws that would prevent me from staying here again.1. The fan controlling the heating and air conditioning periodically buzzed/alarmed LOUDLY every couple of hours. This made sleeping very difficult. The first night when it happened, I woke up in a half daze, first thinking it was my phone and later thinking it was a building alarm of some sort. It took me awhile to figure out where it was coming from. The next morning, I spoke to the management and was told that there was nothing that could be done – the owner of the building was “cheap” apparently and had installed shoddy ventilation. The buzzing sound was normal and to be expected. We would just have to deal with it. I was pretty disappointed with that response as being able to sleep through the night is something I value. 2. On another noise issue, the insulation in the walls is not very good. Our neighbors were loud and obnoxious and continued to enter/exit their room until the early hours of the morning. Again, not good for sleep and just plain annoying. I so wanted to go yell at them to make up their mind – are you in or out?!3. When we left our luggage after check out we came back to find it (as well as numerous others) just sitting in the lobby. The bellhop told us that they had run out of space and were just stacking it by the hotel entrance. This wasn’t exactly comforting especially because he didn’t ask for tags or ID when we took our luggage, so basically anyone could just walk in and take a bag.Also, not a big flaw, but a small one – the hotel didn’t have any hand lotion or a shower cap. I kind of thought these things were standard in three star hotels?The general area of the hotel is okay and the subway is a bit of a hike. You can take the bus, but it’s unreliable. If you’re not in a hurry the bus in an excellent way to get around. Otherwise, you’re stuck with the overcrowded subway on Lexington. We found the hotel to be too much of a hike to go back and forth to during the day. Once we left were out until night. In retrospect, it would have been nicer to be a little closer in. Also, there is small market adjacent to the hotel that was an excellent place to get snacks and water. With a little bit more walking, you can easily reach a variety of dining establishments, drugstores and markets. I didn’t find the area the most interesting or lively, but it was equipped with the basic things you would want.	
Feb 17 2009 	Happy Stay	I decided to stay here after reading good reviews from Tripadvisor members. But after taking a taxi from Penn Station, I realized how far from downtown it was. Even the nearest subway station is far. When I checked in, I was given a room on the lowest floor, and when I saw the room, I felt claustrophobic. I was warned about the tiny rooms at this hotel, so I wasn't totally surprised. This is a Courtyard Marriott and most rooms at Courtyards are not this small. But this is New York. Though small, the room is actually quite nice. It's got everything you need. Free Internet, a safe for laptops, plenty of stores and restaurants around the hotel. I could even open the window slightly to let in the cool air. Since I was on the lowest floor, I didn't have to worry about making too much noise on the floor. Of course, there was no view, just the gym next door. I really picked this hotel to be close to Central Park, which is a couple blocks away. Even though it is far from downtown, I like the room and the area around the hotel. It's another area of New York City, which I can consider staying next time.	
Jan 11 2009	An out-of-the-way treat	Let me start out by saying: if you really need to be near Times Square or tourist attractions, this won't be the hotel for you. But for those who are familiar with the city or who enjoy exploring non-touristy urban neighborhoods, this is a real find.We checked in for the second half of a business-pleasure trip after a poor experience at a 4-star in Times Square, where we'd been staying (without choice) for a convention. The Courtyard Upper East, while technically fewer stars, was so much better. The rooms are lovely -- super clean and I really liked the decor. Very comfy beds, plus the happy bonus of free (wired) internet access and free access to a fitness room, plus a handy coin-op washer-dryer on-site. But the real joy here was the service. The hotel has a friendly, outgoing, and dedicated staff. We had some minor requests (luggage rack, missing shower curtain hooks, stuck door on mini-fridge), which were fully handled each time in 10 minutes or less by friendly and efficient staff. When we encountered staff in the elevator, they introduced themselves by name and asked if we needed anything, as well as encouraging us to call on them for any needs during the stay. From the front desk, to the super housekeepers, to the maintenance and other staff -- everyone we encountered made us feel like we were staying in a family-run hotel instead of a chain.This neighborhood isn't going to be for everyone -- like much of upper Manhattan the rich and poor live closely together, with housing projects and fancy luxury high-rises literally next-door to each other -- but it worked well for us. It's definitely a long hike to the subway, but as former New Yorkers we were already familiar with the bus system (M31 and M86 almost at the door, the latter can take you to and from the 86th St stop on the Lexington line, or across town to the West Side), and taxis were abundant at all times except a.m. rush. Along with the Jersey City Hyatt, this will now be our &quot;go-to&quot; hotel choice in New York. Kudos and thanks for a terrific stay to everyone at the Courtyard Upper East Side. We'll be back!	
Jan 2 2009 	hated the Marriott	not the best hotel by any stretch. I hated my stay here.rooms v cramped, air con really noisy, Too noisy for window to be left open also as there a main road running opp the hotel. Those ridiculous mini bars which charge you if you even just open anything so you are unable to use it to store anything. shower and bathroom really old. no room service or restaurant or bar in hotel. restaurant adjacent to hotel where you can get breakfast which is ok. towels were horribly rough every day.not cheap considering how bad the hotel is. gym not good and sauna never on. On the upside, the staff were extremely nice and the beds were comfy. could have used some extra blankets though.Also within a few minutes walk to a subway which is good.	
Jan 1 2009 	Excellent stay	Everything was excellent!!! Every single staff member we encountered were courteous and helpful. Rooms were very clean. Room was a little small...so much so that the 27&quot; TV seemed a little big for the room. However, the room was big enough to serve it's purpose. The breakfast at the restaurant downstairs was excellent. However, they do not serve alcohol at the bar...but no big deal. The nearest subway station is only a 15 minute walk away. This was the best hotel experience i've ever had. Will definately come back and recommend to anyone.	
Oct 30 2008 	Quiet and clean	Stayed here for 8 nights. The staff very friendly. Room comfortable. Free internet great. It was quiet which was good as I am a light sleeper. We were on the 12th floor and had quite a nice view. The only thing is that it is a 20 min walk to subway. Then quite a way to the main attractions. We don't mind walking but it would've been nice to be a bit more central. You can't really know until you are there and find out where everything is. We did get a weekly subway pass which was definately worthwhile and taxis are cheap compared to London!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great stay on the Upper East Side	We stayed at this hotel for a girl's weekend when we couldn't get into the Marriott Marquis down in Times Square and had a great time. The hotel is very nice and looks fairly new. We didn't expect it to have a pool and wished we would have brought our suits. The rooms were very nice. The three of us stayed in a room with two double beds and had plenty of room to move around. There was no concierge but the front desk staff was very knowledgeable about the city and gave us great suggestions and directions. We would definitely stay here again. After seeing the craziness of Times Square, we were glad we chose the Courtyard.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great place	Extremely courteous and helpful staff. Nice small restaurant attached to hotel is really an excellent value for NYC. Had a large omelette with sausage, cheese, and vegetables for $8.50, which included toast and hash browns. Mom had oatmeal with raisins and brown sugar for $3.50. Also had dinner there, with most items under $20.Staff provided a complimentary fridge on request.24hr. gym, swimming pool, and coffee/tea/hot chocolate service on lower level. Also washers and dryers.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great hotel not great location	I stay here overnight just for fun. It was a beautiful hotel and actually pretty big. The staff was very nice and the overnight parking wasn't too expensive. The only thing is that it's very difficult to get to see broadway and the tourist scenes ( it's a nice walk over to central park) because this hotel is far away. So, if you're looking for a hotel in the upper east area, this one is great. If you want to explore nyc more, I'd stay in times square.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Area Very Good Hotel	Came here for a week on business with Cornell/Weill Medical Center on York and 68th, and this was by far a better location than where my colleagues stayed in Times Square. I agree with most the previous reviews - this is a nice inexpensive Courtyard ($279/nite) in a safe and very quiet (by NY standards) neighborhood that is walkable with lots of nice restaurants nearby and has easy access to bus service and 6 blocks to the subway. The room was small (my biggest complaint) by most standards but typical for NYC (about 15x15) - definitely not the typical Courtyard size and not made for more than 2 people. The bathroom (also small) was modern with good water pressure and the hot water was always hot. The bed was comfortable and the service was excellent. It was extremely clean. Front desk staff were always helpful and very courteous. My wife developed a rapport with our maid who was a sweetheart and a genuinely nice person. Always ate out for breakfast at one of the nearby restaurants or bagel shop, so cannot comment on restaurant. Had some dinners away and some nearby (Zebu Grill was excellent - one block away). After seeing what a mass of people and noise Times Square is, I am glad we stayed here and would do so again. P.S. the taxi ride from LaGuardia was only $18, and there was always a car service or taxi outside, sometimes many.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great stay---but 1 glaring error.	Went for 4 days in late July.The staff was incredible---as usual for a Marriott.Special kudos to Diana who was in touch with me and communicating with me from about 4 days before I came to the check in---of which she was there.A more lovely and charming person, you will never find.The pool is fantastic when not packed with little kids and the whirpool is great. So is the steam room.On the down side---there was not the usual Marriott breakfast buffet. Was a regular restaurant type thing with paying for each entree. PLUS---amazingly, they do not have a liquor license and thus----no bar/lounge.That part bugged me.There's no better way to get the flavor of a city, then getting to know and talk to and share, with the bartender and it's customers from all over the world.The service and people were fine, especially the queen of that restaurant, Shell. She is a joy to see every breakfast.It is about a $20 cab ride to anything of note, (Circle Line, Times Square, etc...). Was too hot to always take the subway---tho we did for the Yankee;s game. Is only 4 stops from subway station.Rooms were spotless and great beds.Elevator system worked very well too for a hotel of 16 floors.Finally--- business center computers, were FREE! Were always in use tho.Was a nice place overall..Ren	
Aug 3 2008 	Great for the quiet neighborhood and overnite stay.	This was for an overnite stay with my sister/bro-inlaw for their anniversary. Due to the occasion, Mgmt upgraded them to a Suite, which is more spacious, better view and with a little LR area, with a bottle of wine. They loved it, and I was glad they did. Our room was small but OK, not a great view, but we weren't there for staying in. We went to B'way for the nite, and the hotel recommended Timothy's Restaurant around the corner for breakfast. Huge portions of food and great prices. It's a 5 minute leisurely walk, and definitely worth it. The staff is VERY pleasant, helpful, and I'd like to see them cloned for other Marriott properties - really nice folks. This is a quieter neighborhood than the B'Way area hotels, but so worth it, even with the taxi ride, which cost $7 each way.The lobby is minimalist, modern, and there's a pool and gym we didn't get to enjoy. For a clean, quiet place, you get your money's worth in the NYC area.I'd stay here again, even tho the local SPCA is next door - some doggies disembarked from their transportation and did their business in front of the SPCA; just be careful.	
Jul 31 2008 	Good and not so good	My Grandson and I just stayed 3 days at the end of July to take in a Yankees game and do some sight seeing(never been there before), the complete staff there was very friendly from bell boys to room maids... Rooms were a little small but nice for two, any more then that get a suite...Pool/steam room/sauna and fitness center were great but closed way too early, 9PM sharp, no chance for adults to unwind from a long day of sight seeing. the hotel building is sort of sandwiched in by 30+ store high rises and being only 15 stories high itself there is not that great a view from any room .....Walked around the neighborhood and hit some restaurants with no problems at all, nice people and no one bothered us! The restaurant on the premises is a joke with a limited menu, I never saw anyone in there my whole stay but we went there for breakfast anyway, I just ordered eggs/waffles/coffee for two and with the tip was $35, I ordered wheat bread and I had to wait till someone ran to the store to buy a loaf...TVs were new 27&quot; flat screen but the cable only had around 20 channels, self parking in a rip off, the parking lot is a half a block away and everyone there speaks limited English, I left two hours before my 24 hours were up and yet they charged me an extra $20 and couldn't explain why to me, Everyone told me to take the train or subway around town, but I didn't have any problems driving/parking at Yankee Stadium, Coney Island or downtown Manhattan, it took about an hour getting into New York City over the GW bridge on Sunday but leaving we made it over and into NJ in less then 15 minutes(no toll) Tip, if your driving around town, taxi drivers are fearless and will cut you off in a moment's notice with no fear of hitting you just to get their next fare, looking at local cars in New York City most every car we saw new or old had a dent, I left unscathed...lol	
Jul 12 2008 	loved the courtyard	This is great hotel ,great staff and great facilities .Transport is good into city bus outside door.Subway 15 mins walk away at 96th street.Recommend subway as faster.Buy $25 metro cardcan be used on buses and subway for 7 days.Plenty of restaurants nearby.Kinsale Pub food good.If you want fridge in room ask at desk(no charge).Rooms good size.Would stay hereagain.	
Jul 4 2008	Exceptional Service	On May 30th a friend of mine stayed in this hotel for one night after being evacuated from her apartment following a construction crane collapse in her neighborhood. While I didn't stay at the hotel, I did help her to check-in, and also got to explore the hotel a little. First and foremost, the front desk staff couldn't have been better. Even with an emergency in the neighborhood, they calmly and efficiently moved people from one room to another, and were kind and considerate to those who had been displaced. They never took advantage of the emergency situation by hiking up the price, and I thought for Manhattan the price was very reasonable. Special kudos to Daisy at the front desk who checked my friend in and was very helpful and accommodating. All in all, if the employees are even half as professional during a normal day and a normal check-in, then they are as professional as any hotel in Manhattan.The room and bathroom were very clean and while not big, was enough for one or two people. I didn't know what to expect from a Courtyard Marriott in NYC, but I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, modern looking place to stay at a reasonable rate. This is not a full-service hotel, but you're in New York and within walking distance of many restaurants. It's also not the Four Seasons or the Gansevoort, but you're also not paying $600 a night (at least). The location is far from the subway, but there is a bus stop right in front of the hotel and has easy access to many of the Upper Eastside museums (the Met, the Frick, etc). It's one block from the East river and Gracie Mansion, which is good for joggers. All in all, it's a good choice if you want to pay a reasonable rate and don't mind not being in mid-town and instead being around real New Yorkers.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great for business or a vacation	I stayed for almost a week at the Courtyard Marriott while in town on business and had a fairly spacious (for New York) room with two queen beds, looking out on Ninety-second Street. I needed to work while at the hotel and there was a reliable and fast Internet connection for my laptop. The bathroom was clean and pleasant, with a granite sink and mirrors galore. I had a moment of panic thinking there was no hair dryer, but it was hidden behind some towels. There were plenty of clean towels supplied daily, for once more than I needed. Beds were comfortable, and you are able to set your own temperature in the room, a definite plus. Really, the room was so up to date and functional you wouldn't believe you were in a New York hotel room. Free copies of the newspaper downstairs and a well-decorated lobby. The staff was fast, polite and efficient; I never had to wait at the front desk. Step out onto First Avenue and you'll find all kinds of restaurants. Down side? It is a hike to the subway, about 15 minutes on foot, and it can take awhile to hail a cab even on nearby First Avenue. There was no refrigerator in the room though it looked like there used to be, and for long stays you really, really want a refrigerator. The elevators tend to be slow and verrrrrrry crowded in the morning. Noise leaked through the windows from the street, and started early. All in all, though, I'd happily return, though I'd bring my comfortable shoes for walking to the subway.	
May 13 2008 	Do not get stuck with a lower floor facing the back .	This is a new hotel if they only added two feet more per room it could be comfortable. The rooms are cramped, no space for your luggage. The rooms on the lower floors in the back of the hotel face a filthy courtyard and look right into apartments. You must keep the drapes closed for privacy. I would not accecpt this again. The front rooms face apts but you have plenty of privacy with a nice view of trees and sky. The beds are comfy with lots of pillows. The windows keep any noise out. Bathroom rooms sparkle.Good for museums but far from bway theater.,	
May 9 2008 	Extraordinary Service...!	Loved our seven day stay at this particular Courtyard. A little rocky start upon arrival, but thanks to an incredible young staff member, Matthew McNeil, he quickly addressed the room problem, gave us information about the area, restaurants, subway, buses,and theater tickets. His demeanor was fun but always professional, and always &quot;just enough&quot;. And he was there in the evening just when he was needed. The location was definitely apart from many of the places we planned to visit, but New York is such an incredible easy walking city, we quickly got where we needd to be. Subway a good 10-15 minute walk. Buses, however, to get you to the subway stop almost directly in front of the hotel.Rooms were just the right size for two and made up daily with no difficulty as to time. The rest of the staff was also very pleasant, but Mr. McNeil was to be commended for making this an extra special stay. Funny what personal contact does to make you feel at home.Take advantage of the nearby restaurants they recommend when you have no definite plans. Try not to stroll too late at night to the upper-upper east side as it tends to be less appealing for non-New Yorkers.	
May 1 2008 	Excellent Family Stay!	All around - Great! We stayed here with our children, 5-7-9, and friends were shocked to hear we found a hotel in NYC, with a pool, that we could afford. The hotel was wonderfully maintained, the staff was very friendly, it was quiet, the subway was w/in 6 blocks, and there were plenty of restaurants to hop out for breakfast. As my son said, the room didn't need to be large because there was so much to do outside the hotel. Beds were comfortable, housekeeping was meticulous, and the location was just enough out of the fray. And hey - we parked the car for only $20/day! A terrific stay.	
Apr 22 2008 	A nice place to stay in the big city	We spent only one night at the Courtyard by Marriott Upper East Side, but it was completely problem- and stress-free. Our room was immaculate, quiet and, by Manhattan standards, commodious. As others have noted, the bed was very comfortable and the water pressure excellent. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Prior to our visit, we received an email with all kinds of useful information pertaining to hotel and neighborhood amenities. The hotel's location is very convenient for visiting the museums on the Upper East Side, which was the main reason for our visit. We liked the hotel's immediate neighborhood, too -- a little off the beaten track, but with every convenience nearby (restaurants, groceries, and, with the hotel's validation, reasonably priced parking). In fact -- again, by Manhattan standards -- our entire stay was reasonably priced for such a nice place, just under $300 for one night including all taxes. And when our stay was over, it was easy to &quot;escape&quot; the city, with an entrance onto FDR Drive just at the end of the street.	
Apr 22 2008 	Affordable Comfortable NY	In a city where $300 will buy you small regrets, in the Upper Side of NY ,there is a Courtyard, where for $240 you can find a newly renovated, very comfortable king size bed in a room that by NY standards can be considered unbelievably large. You do have to accept the fact that you are in 92nd Street, not exactly in the center of the action, and just barely out of the fanciest part of town; of course that depends what you consider the action, because it is very close to the Metropolitan , Central Park and the subway.The bed is extemely comfortable, as is the room in general, and you can actually turn around in the bathroom, which is also very comfortable, another surprise in NY. There is a rather basic supply of toiletries, three little bottles, in fact, but plenty of towels and a coffee maker. Someone removed the fridge, or whatever was under that coffee maker.Parking is actually possible around there, and they even have self parking for $20.This is a great place to stay in NY , new, clean, pleasant ,and affordable.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great hotel!	We had a wonderful stay. You feel welcome from the first moment. All the staff is really helpful, the rooms are clean, good in size and with comfortable beds and linen. Very nice pool and don´t miss the gym! A lot of good restaurants in the neighborhood (best Mecixan ever!! not to forget the Italian...). For breakfast Madison Ave and 91st!The location is good, quiet, you are in the &quot;real&quot; NYC together with the NewYorkers, not with a bunch of tourist. Take the sub, a bus or a cab and your in downtown in a short time. We loved it and will be back.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great location for visiting museums	I stayed at this hotel one night on business earlier this week and was very pleased with the hotel. A friend who lives in New York said she was surprised that there were hotels this far east, but I would certainly stay here again. The location of the hotel was very convenient for me and I was delighted to be so close to 'Museum Mile', about a 5-10 minute walk away and public transportation (buses and subway are not far). The lobby has a clean, modern look and was inviting. Check-in/check-out were very smooth and all the staff were helpful and courteous. The room was great -- again, furnished in a spare, modern look. What a relief to see that hotels are finally getting rid of the dreaded bedspreads that no one wants to go near! It would have been nice to have a fridge in the room though. That said, drinks and snacks are available for purchase in the lobby.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location for Upper East Side business	As small business owners with a customer in the upper east 90's we booked a room for a recent project. From a business trip standpoint everything was great! Very professional staff - everyone went out of their way to make you feel welcome. Local restaurants abound - however, since our trip was on Valentine's Day - the places I had found in Zagats were busy. The front desk started calling and secured a reservation at a newly opened local upscale diner. Timmy's Grill is a real find. They also deliver to the hotel. If you need to check email - bring your own laptop (the rooms have wired internet). There is a business center in the lobby - but only 1 terminal and it is a first come first serve.	
Feb 4 2008 	Best Hotel Experience in NY @ GREAT Price!!!!!	I booked online and got a great rate. From my experience staying at NYC hotels in the past this hotel was a very pleasant surprise. I walked in and found that I was in a modern, hip lobby w/ plasma TV's and STYLE!The room was CLEAN, which is more than what I expected and looked very new. The colors were a nice change of pace too.They had a very inviting looking pool, spa and exercise area (not that I used it). I did utilize the sauna which was so relaxing after a day of walking around NYC.All in all, this was a great hotel with LOTS of modern conveniences and flair. If you want a NICE place in NYC at a good price, stay here!	
Jan 10 2008 	Love New York	We stayed at this hotel for a week in mid November, and it was great. The staff were friendly and helpful. They Yorkville bar next door served great brekkies and dinners. There is also a great Italian restaurant about 2 blocks up E92 street. The best Pasta ever. It was a little out of the way, but a quick cab ride was all it took for us (4) to get into Times Square and no more tham $20, except the night beforeThanksgiving. All in all a great place to stay and would recommend it to any traveller. Clean and comfortable rooms, even if they are small, but it is all you need.	
Jan 1 2008 	Too small rooms	Our family (two parents and two teen-aged children) stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Upper East Side for three nights between Christmas and New Year's Day. The room was considerably smaller than expected. A roll-away bed had been requested at the time of the on-line booking but upon check-in, we were told that the rooms were too small to accommodate roll-aways. We would not have booked if that limitation was known--so why did Marriott offer that option on their web-site for this specific hotel? That is misleading the customer. Will not stay here again as a family.	
Dec 29 2007 	Another wonderful stay.	Our second stay this year, would like to return again and again.Very friendly and helpful staff. Rooms extremely clean and well equipped, with comfy bedding. Great shower and water pressure, luxury towels and soaps. Standard room with two queen is small like a typical NYC hotel room. Free computer with internet and laser printer in the lobby, wired internet available in room but no wireless.Good, reasonably priced food at Yorkville cafe and bar downstairs, but breakfast service during both stays was slow and inattentive. Good local restaurants abound.Health club, indoor pool and large hot tub spa in lower level of the hotel, continue to be a hit with our children and visiting cousins who live in NY area. One minor complaint was the air temperature around the pool. Our last stay was July 2007, and this was not a problem, but a bit chilly in Dec. Hotel would benefit from better concierge services for event and theatre tickets. We are attracted to the Courtyard partly for luxury at discount prices, we expect the same in entertainment value.If you don't mind being out of the city center, E92 at 1st Ave, this a great hotel in the city and the staff are truly wonderful.	
Dec 13 2007 	Good ...but expensive for what it was when we stayed	We picked this hotel based upon the high Trip Advisor rating and the fact that it was family-friendly. I always find it difficult to give a hotel a rating because the criterion are relative depending upon where you are, with wide variations in quality and amenities across both countries and continents. Make no mistake however, this is a good hotel. Equally, this is no five star hotel. The location, being within a few blocks of Bloomingdales, Saks, Tiffany and the Chrysler building is excellent. The hotel is a fantastic choice for families. The beds are comfortable and the rooms spotlessly clean, bathrooms are functional if not luxurious The views are good (although no sign of the Chrysler Buidling from room 2508 where we were). As described previously, the staff are efficient although by no means exceptionally so.So what is the problem? Well none really aside from the fact that I was paying $600 (£300) + tax per night for what is a mid-range chain hotel. Perhaps the comparison is unfair, particularly given the fact that we probably visited NYC on the busiest weekend of the year, but I couldn't help expecting more for the money. I have read gushing reviews but where people paid half of this rate or less for rooms here. That would be fair value but we could find nothing on Priceline, Hotwire etc that came close. Perhaps we have been spolied by what you get in Singapore or the Far East for £300 (true 5 star luxury).We too got the hotel car back to JFK at $55 inclusive of toll but excluding tip and this was a good choice after the world's smelliest cab on arrival! Also, for breakfast, the hotel kindly recommended Maddison's which is two blocks away on 1st Avenue. We ended up having breakfast there three times and it was a fantastic experience with great American breakfasts (bacon, two eggs and hash browns for $7 with unlimited coffee) and a real '50's ambiance.All in all, I would return to the Courtyard. It's a good hotel and our family enjoyed it but I would not pay $600 plus tax per night for it. If you can get it for a more reasonable rate, do not hesitate to stay there - particularly if you are a family with children.	
Nov 29 2007 	OK but out of the action (business and tourist)	Picked this hotel for a business trip as it was $150 cheaper than mid-town hotels (still a not cheap $420/night) of similar quality (and even some of lower quality).Room was nice, but small. No complaints. My only complaint was the distance from mid-town, the subway, etc. On a rainy day the door man got me a car (as opposed to a taxi) which cost $30 to go to midtown. Another day the taxi was a more reasonable $17. On evening I took the subway, and would up walking for about 20 minutes. I would only recommend this hotel if you have a specific reason to be in this neighborhood as there is nothing &quot;special&quot; about it (except the cost savings).	
Nov 25 2007 	Great place to stay	We stayed at this Marriott over the Thanksgiving holiday and were very impressed. The front desk staff was courrteous and friendly, the rooms were comfortable and scrupulously clean. We've stayed at a wide variety of NYC hotels over the years and this one was the best by far. Highly recommended.	
Nov 21 2007 	Excellent hotel!!!	I booked this hotel on Marriott.com when I was searching for hotels in NYC and this was the most cost effective. When I arrived I found out that the hotel was just a year old and had been built from the ground up so it has all of the modern amenities that I wanted: individual temperature control panel in my room; high speed internet in my room (and it was FREE!) The lobby is beautiful and spacious; the entire back wall is clear glass panels that overlook their indoor pool (unheard of in NYC). I got down to their lower level and found that in addition to the pool they also have a hot tub, sauna &amp; steam room!! My room was clean, comfortable, and spacious for NYC standards and the bed was SO comfortable, I slept like a baby. They should sell those linens-I owuld have bought some. The staff was friendly and had lots of information on what to see/do (not that it's hard to find something to do in NYC). I was within walking distance of a bunch of museums so we decided to walk over to the Met &amp; the Guggenheim. 2nd Avenue has lots of great restauraunts as well if you get hungry. The subway sounded like it was far away but when we walked it we got there really fast (5-7 minutes). Oh, and the valet parking was cheap in comparison to other hotels that I priced ($40 and unlimited amount of times that you can take the car in &amp; out per day).If you want a great hotel in NYC at a great price you should consider this one.	
Nov 5 2007	Clean big 	After some nights midtown at La Quinta, this hotel was like paradise. Yes it is some distance from subways, Broadway and Times Square but with some exercise, it was relatively convenient to walk to Metropolitan Museum of Art and across Central Park to Museum of Natural History and walk to Roosevelt Island tram. We walked a lot in NY. There were numerous restaurants in the area for breakfast, lunch and dinner with reasonable prices and good food. I would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 23 2007 	Excellent hotel but far away from everything	I satyed in this hotel with my wife for two nights as the Farm Aid concert was held in Randall's Island.The hotel is very nice and it is located in a very quiet spot of NYC. It is actually Yorkville and not the upper east side. It has plenty of diners and restaurants around, but it is quite away from everything.Our room was very nice, it was actually more an apartment than a regular room (it had a fridge and a kitchenette), and quite big Our stay was very comfortable and the staff was very nice and helpful.	
Aug 21 2007 	Awesome rate pretty far away from anything	My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for $100 through priceline the night before! The rates online were going for $299+. The self service parking is steps away and $20, why would you even bother doing $40 for valet! The hotel is almost next door to the ASPCA as seen on Animal Planet, we almost adopted a cat while we were there! Check in was smooth they didnt even ask for a drivers license, the hotel lobby is big and beautiful, clean the pool looks great although we didnt go in it. There are only 3 computers in the lobby w/ internet access and we were waiting a lot times to use them. Our room was 713 right by the elevator which worried me, but we didnt hear a sound! Also great security is you can only use the elevator if you swipe your card. the view was ehhh, but the bed was SOOO comfortable we had a late check out and could have slept all day!!! The only downside is even though we were seeing a concert in central park on 70th st. we still had to take cabs everywhere - the nearest subway is about 4 blocks and 2 aves away, just too far to walk. IF you dont mind paying for cabs i would totally reccomend this hotel. We loved it , the room wasn't that small at all!! I'm trying to get the priceline rate again (the staff quietly mentioned it when i checked out, they werent rude or loud as previosuly stated about it.) You don't even realize there are projects across the street either.	
Aug 19 2007 	great for the price	Every summer we take the kids into Manhattan for the weekend to visit my brother and his wife. We recently stayed at the Courtyard/Upper East Side. We have stayed in several different hotels in NYC, this was the least expensive, and we chose it for the price. I was a little concerned with the location because I was unsure of the safety of the area, and we stayed in a Courtyard Marriott a few months before in NJ and had a bad experience with this particular hotel chain.The location was not bad at all, it seemed safe, and there were always plenty of cabs waiting outside. The hotel staff was friendly, and our room was ready well before check in time. The room was very clean and brand new, definately a much better experience then the other Courtyard we stayed at.The room was small, but this is NYC, and it was probably an old building. Plus, we spent hardly any time in the room, so the size was not an issue. This hotel had a pool onsite, which my kid's loved. It was brand new and very clean.The price was great for what we got, and we would likely stay at this location again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Good Hotel; Decent Price; Far from Many Attractions	It is a newly-redone hotel and was perfectly acceptable. It had a good exercise room and even a small lap pool. The room was very small, even by Manhattan standards, but it was decently appointed, the bed was very comfortable, and the ample windows made it feel bigger. If I strained, I could see a piece of the East River from our room. The staff was very pleasant and helpful, particularly the bell staff.The issue for us was the location - in the lower 90’s on the Upper East Side near First Avenue, in the quiet, predominantly residential area known as Yorkville. If you are driving, you will find the hotel close to FDR Drive, but it is far from any of the usual tourist attractions – Times Square, the Theater District, Greenwich Village, South Street Seaport, etc. A round-trip cab ride to Little Italy for dinner was about $38 with tip. Even the nearest subway station is on the 4, 5, and 6 lines that run up Lexington Avenue, about 10 blocks from the hotel. There are some acceptable restaurants in the area (we liked Café D’Alsace on Second Avenue), but don’t count on anything in the way of shopping or night life. The Metropolitan Museum of Art is probably the closest attraction, and that is about 18 blocks.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good Deal for the discount	The Hotel was good, we had no problems. Having read prior reviews about construction, I asked for a room far away from the 4th floor and they kindly gave us the 15th, so there were no noise issues. The rooms were clean, the staff was nice.Some people say it is far away, but we're Bostonians and walk all the time anyways so to us, well we love a nice walk anyways. Walking through the Upper East Side strolling to deli's and shops on our way to the museums and Central Park was wonderful. If you have trouble walking - well cabs are always available (and cheap by Boston standards) or you may want to choose someplace closer to your destination. If you're going to the Met, Guggenheim etc, this is fine.Parking was no trouble and cheap for NYC, the hotel gives you a validation and if you leave your car there it's $20/day.The hotel is not in the heart of the Upper East Side, it is in fact in Yorkville/Carnegie Hill. There is public housing right across the street but that doesn't bother us since that's exactly the same as where we live in Boston. Rampant crime in public housing is a myth. In seven years in this location in Boston, we have never experienced streetcrime living near public housing. Similarly we had no trouble in NYC. If myths about public housing scare you, then by all means pay double for the Midtown asphalt, noise and pollution. Otherwise, like us you may enjoy strolling through the leafy streets in the nicest part of NYC, the Upper East Side.	
Jul 18 2007 	Only good if you get a good deal	My friend and I went on a girls' shopping/sightseeing trip to NYC over Memorial Day weekend. We found this hotel for $169/night, as it was newer and the rates were still low. The hotel is quite a hike away from the subway, which is essential to take to get into midtown. The location was our only real problem. The room was nice, good bedding, clean, and enough drawers/closet space for a short stay for 2 women. There was free internet in the lobby, which worked out great for printing off our boarding passes for our return flights. There are some tasty restaurants walking into the blocks southwest of the hotel. We felt safe in the hotel, but it was somewhat creepy walking back to hotel at night down 92nd St. I would recommend this hotel only if you can get a great rate because you do enough walking in NYC that it is worth staying at a hotel with easy subway access.	
Jul 17 2007 	Get your walking shoes on...	I stayed at the Courtyard Marriot Upper East Side over Memorial Day weekend. Overall, the stay was pleasant, the only downfall would be the amount of time we spent walking!! The nearest subway stop (6- Lexington) is about a 15 minute walk or so. The neighborhood was great, and there were some great food options close to the hotel. Rooms were small, but clean. We were really only at the hotel to sleep anyways! I don't think that we'd stay here again due to the location and the walking...	
Jul 6 2007	Good Experience	We stayed at the Courtyard for a week. The staff was excellent, everyone from the front desk staff to the housekeepers to the life guards. Everyone was very professional and polite. The accomodations were excellent, although there was no room service. However, there was a pool, which was nice for the kids. The only downfall is that it is far away from the nearest subway, but there is a bus stop just outside the front door. I'm not too sure what the person was describing above about not feeling safe, we never had that concern in the week that we were there.	
Jun 24 2007	OK but one night was enough!	There are experiences in life that you embrace and go with the flow and then there are experiences like the one at this hotel that make you close the door, make sure its locked and don't come out until morning.Didn't feel safe in the neighbourhoodNo room serviceOut of the wayRooms are smallClean Good front desk staffStayed 1 night and made a quick getaway to the Marquis first thing in the AM!	
May 30 2007 	It's ok but there are better hotels in NYC.	When checking in, the front desk announced loudly (literally the whole lobby could hear him), &quot;So you got the room from Priceline, right?&quot; I received a room with a tv located on the side wall next to a tall closet. You can pull &amp; turn the tray; the tv will turn 30 degrees but the right side of the screen was blocked by the closet resulting in limited viewing. Anyway, I went back down asking for another room only to be told, &quot;All rooms have the same configuration.&quot; Also, I asked for help to locate a &quot;coal-fired pizza&quot; restaurant. The front desk said &quot;Huh?&quot; then gave me a take-out menu from a regular pizza place instead.	
May 16 2007 	Great Experience	Stayed here 5/11/07 thru 5/14/07. Did not see or hear any construction. Rooms were clean and nicely appointed. Unusually large and clean pool/workout/steam/sauna/locker rooms. Leave your laptop home, &quot;business center&quot; in lobby has computer setups with free internet service, printers, pens, paper, envelopes, etc. Staff friendly and helpful. We requested a fridge upon arrival and received a complimentary one promptly. Never a wait for a taxi. Residential area, but within walking distance of dozens of good, little restaurants, many with outdoor seating available. A little out of the way of most tourist attractions, but we were there to visit family on the upper east side. A great value for NYC; would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 30 2007 	Clean new hotel with several shortcomings	Stayed here for two nights over a weekend at a very expensive corporate rate of $299 + tax. Had a queen+queen room on the 8th floor. No problem with noise from construction, which could have been since it was the weekend.Pros include clean, fresh design (not as flowery as many other Courtyard or Marriotts), high-speed internet, and good bathroom products. What let's this hotel down is its fairly inaccessible location, no minibar/fridge in room, no room service.Overall, I would probably not stay in this hotel again, not because the experience was poor, but because of the location.	
Apr 24 2007 	Good hotel out of center	I had a very good stay at this hotel, but, I want to thank the reviewer who pointed out the construction on the lower floors of the building. This hotel occupies the ground floor, lower level, and floors 5 to 16. It is obvious from looking in the windows at floors 3 and 4 that there is internal construction. Those floors are not part of the hotel. I'm not sure that there was any work going on during the days I was there, but there is a construction permit. The room clerk tried to assign me to floor 5 even though I had requested an upper floor--a choice one is always given on the Marriott website. Because of the earlier review, I insisted on a higher floor away from the elevator, and was given a nice and quiet room that I enjoyed. The room was very well maintained. A little small as compared to other Courtyard hotels, but as large as I would expect in NYC. Free computer in lobby. I didn't try restaurant or bar. There are many small and interesting restaurants, especially on 2nd Ave. Some rooms have view of East River and bridge lit at night. Near Carl Schurz park for walk or jog along East River. This hotel is convenient to Metro Museum of Art, Guggenheim, Cooper-Hewitt and Central park by foot or bus. It's long walk or short bus ride to subway. I've stayed in mid-town many times and enjoyed staying in this residential neighborhood. You must be prepared to take a cab or bus or do a lot of walking.	
Apr 22 2007	Good value for money in residential area	At about $200 per night, plus tax, this represents very good value for money. We found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The hotel has a very good fitness room, steam room, sauna, pool and jacuzzi. Definitely a plus for the hotel and way above average. There was a mixture of business travelers and families with kids at the hotel.You can walk to Central Park in 10 /15 minutes. Jogging there is perfect.Transport to mid-town and downtown is very easy. Buses are right round the corner on 1st Ave and are frequent. The subway is a ten minute walk away with fast connections to downtown.Eating / drinking - the area is full of bars and restaurants. We ate at an Italian and Turkish on Lexington Ave near the subway, both good.One con - the room was small. However, we only used the room to sleep in as we were out all day.Recommended.	
Apr 5 2007 	Unethical Management - they don't tell you about the construction!	I booked a one week stay at the Coutyard for what I thought was going to be really good value for NYC. I did not count on being woken up at 6:30 am on Saturday morning, 7:30 am Sunday morning and 7 am on Monday and Tuesday to a cacophony of drilling, hammering and pounding. I moved three times but no matter which floor or room I was in - I heard the construction. Unbelievable! Apparently the hotel does not own floors 2, 3, 4 and above 16, so they cannot control what goes on on these floors. I lived in NYC for 8 years and I know for a fact that it is illegal to start construction before 9 am during the week and not at all on the weekends. While construction happens even at the best hotel, it is not before 9 am and you are warned and given a discount. What I find intolerable at this hotel, is that you are not warmed - you are DUPED! The hotel DOES NOT tell you that you definitely WILL hear these noises throughout the hotel when you check in - no matter which floor or room you are in! I find this completely unethical. When I pointed my issue out to the receptionist, she said &quot;I don't want to say that you checked in late, but we try to put guests in rooms above the 5th floor.&quot; I don't consider checking in at 2 pm late. The major construction is on the 4th floor. So do not allow yourself to be placed on the 5th floor by any means. Since the construction (in late March) is close to the elevator shaft, you can hear it on all floors - from 5 all the way to 14!If you are considering staying here - do so in a few months when (hopefully) the construction is finished. Otherwise you are in for a terrible experience.	
Mar 31 2007 	Good Hotel in Manhattan	What a nice place to stay. I just returned from a week stay with my wife and our two teenage kids. The rooms with two beds are queen size and that helps when you have four people in a roomThe staff was very friendly and went out of their way to help. I travel a great deal for business and this place is way above average. I will back in NYC in a few months and plan to stay there again.At first, we did not care for the location and at the end were very happy where we where staying. It is very quiet (for New York). You are close to Gracie Mansion that is within a park on the Harlem River. You are also less than a mile from Central Park.The security is very good. A hotel staff member is staff at the front door at all times. You also must have a room key to ride the elevators. An added benefit is members of the NYC police department like to stop at the hotel for coffee and restroom breaks. We took public transportation because cab fares in NYC have really gone up. If you don't want to walk to the subway station, grab the M86 bus at 92nd and York. It is a half a block from the Courtyard. It goes directly to the 4,5,6 lines at 86th and Lexington. Or, you can take it across town to get to the Upper West Side. At the subway station, purchase a Metro Card. This will help you avoid having to carry $2 in change each time you ride a bus or take the subway. The M86 also stops around the corner of the hotel on your return trip. (BTW – the bus drivers are very helpful in explaining how to get around and use transfers.)So . . . it turned out to be a great location, easy to get around, and a great hotel.	
Mar 15 2007	Good new Big Apple hotel	I found myself stranded in NYC late the other night and after calling or walking into five well known midtown hotels only to find them full or insisting on full rack rates well after midnight, I took a gamble and told a cab to take me up to 94th and First Avenue to the new Courtyard by Marriott, as friends who had stayed there said they liked it. I hoped because it was still so new that it might have a room. Luckily for me it did.It was wonderfully clean and fresh with large, blessedly smokefree rooms. The last NYC hotel I stayed in (a well known five star) must have had a cigar makers convention staying there. The smell was actually so strong the management had to place two whirring air purifiers in the hall. My Marriott/Upper East Side room was spacious with two big comfortable king sized beds and an attractive modern decor. A continental breakfast was included and the front desk staff was eager to be helpful. I saw that there was a health club, a pool and a whirlpool to sooth tired bodies. Very nice, especially for NYC.The newly completed, state of the art ASPCA is next door and worth a visit or at least a peek into its cattery windows from the sidewalk. It's not like an animal shelter anywhere else. It's more like an upscale pet shop. Maybe taking home one of its residents might be the most heart warming way to remember a great visit to Manahttan.	
Mar 7 2007	New great stay good value for Manhattan	We just finished a 3 day stay at this hotel, located at the North-East corner of what can be called the Upper-East Side of Manhattan. Access is very convenient by car (2 blocks of FDR), and hotel parking is only $20/day (just down the block). Subway is quite a few blocks away (you have to walk down 4 blocks and across 3 avenues ... 15 minutes by foot). Taxi rides to midtown and Times Square ran around $9 to $10, but for a family of 4 this was money well spent. The area is a very quiet part of Manhattan, with Starbucks and convenience stores within 2 blocks. Good restaurants were about 3-5 blocks away and good shopping starts about 20 streets south (and 2 avenues over). The only downside to the location, besides distance from a subway stop, was an amazingly high levels of dog feces on the sidewalks. To be fair, I'm including what's left after the owner scoops up the bulk of the droppings. Maybe it has to do with the fact that the ASPCA office is just down the block ... you'll need sharp peripheral vision if you want to keep your shoes clean.The hotel is new ... so the room furnishings and condition were truly excellent for a sub $200 hotel in Manhattan. The beds were of good quality (not a $2000 pillow-top mattress, but new, firm, comfortable). The down comforters were a bit on the thin side, but the room was plenty warm even without the HVAC on. Towels were typical Courtyard. Furnishings in the room were also typical Courtyard, but new. HVAC unit was pretty noisy so we left it off. We opened the window for cool-fresh air. Basic bath amenities were avaiable, but they weren't the high-end designer brands I get when I stay at the Le Meridian in Midtown.Breakfast: very skimpy and almost not worth it. Small selection of mini-pastries, satisfactory coffee, assorted fresh fruit. No milk/juice/meats/cereals or hot items. Held in a lower level conference room. Great breakfasts available at Sarabeth's, which is a 12 minute walk (91st and Madison). Dinner there was also very good, and not too expensive ($75 for two with a glass of wine. But, be warned that the children we saw at Sarabeth's (for dinner) had perfect Upper-East side manners. Don't take your kids if they're having a high energy day because it'll spoil the atmosphere of this small restaurant.NOT a luxury hotel by any stretch of the imagination. But, as a generic business or family hotel ... it's very good for Manhattan. You'll feel like you got everything you paid for, and maybe a little bit more because the condition of the hotel is really ... well it's new.I've said in many midtown hotels that are notably more luxurious, and that have a really nice breakfast spread. But they also typically costs me $350-$600 a night. For the $170+ savings I put in my pocket every day, I'll just have breakfast at Sarabeths and put up with bed linens that are not quite as nice as what I have at home.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great Hotel	The previous negative reviews are perplexing. Our room with one king bed was very pretty and immaculate. The bathroom was very attractive and of normal size.....extremely pretty shower. The bathroom door was no problem. Did not understand the previous comment about the door. We had lots of large thick towels and new shampoo was provided every day. Always plenty of very hot water. Sure the elevators are a little busy...never waited more than 3 minutes. Through many experiences in NY hotels, have found a little noise is to be expected. There was less than the usual noise at this hotel. The lighting in the room and bathroom was perfect. This is one of the nicer Courtyard hotels. The neighborhood is great with lots of delis, grocers, and restaurants - so much better than the touristy Times Square area.	
Feb 27 2007 	I would not stay here again.	Both the hotel and the service were a disappointment. My room fan was stuck ON and the temperature never got below 85 degrees, leaving me wanting to open my window (which of course did not open) even in the coldest days of the year. When I asked for a cab the first day, I was told to walk down the street a few blocks and I could probably find one. When I asked if there were shuttles to the airport, I was told NO, although there were several available. I could go on with more examples of why I would not stay here again, but I am sure you have the idea already.	
Feb 16 2007	not good!	Rooms so small. Bath room so small the door bangs on the shower rail! No bath room shampoos etc. You can hear every one in their rooms! Midnight is not the time to be hearing others either with their TV on or in their bathrooms. Air con is Very loud has to be off to sleep. As the last review says take your ear plugs. The lifts there are two of them are so slow! Pool ok but cold, sauna did not work. Breakfast room dirty. Towles in the room are no way the right size to dry with and feel like cardboard.All in all there are better places to stay in New York City.	
Feb 14 2007 	Take Ear Plugs	We were booked for 3 nights after flying in from London. Check in was quick and painless. The staff here are the best part of the hotel. There were no bell hops when we arrived but they were around at other times. The access the floors with the rooms on them you have to use your room card. As for the room. We were 3. To adults and a 14 year old. One large bed and the sofa bed. This is were the problems start. The rooms are not anyway big enough to take this. There is a very large foot stool which when the sofa bed is pulled out causes a major fire exit hazard. How the city has allowed this, or their insurance company, who knows, its totally unsafe! Storage space is sparse. Bath room “small”, bath tub is a joke, shower ok but very lacking in hot water! “TAKE EAR PLUGS” If you do not mind hearing what every one else is doing around your room you will not need them. If you are ok hearing others use the bath room its fine staying here. If you do not mind being kept awake, fine. There is not a great deal of road noise and we were on the 5th floor. We told this to the front desk after the first night the answer is rock walling is now a common way of building and they were aware of the problem! The zircon system/ heater in the wall is very very loud, you will need to turn this off at night. We had to go out and buy our own shampoo after we asked for the pre used bottle to be replaced, which is wasn’t. Hotel did pay us back. The sofa bed, had to twice ask for this to be made up. At just before midnight had to make a 3rd call for them to deliver a quilt as they only left us a sheet to cover our child. The lifts are real slow…..Pool. Very cold. Steam room and sauna. Had to have the staff get these to work, they got the steam room working after a time but the sauna never worked. The ladies could not get theirs to work at all! Towel rack in the men’s empty even told the pool staff. Breakfast room. Just look at the photos to give you some idea. Floor was filthy dirty with food!We checked out of this place after the first night. Says it all……….	
Feb 14 2007 	Perfect stay in Manhattan	Searching online, you'll find that the prices for hotels in New York are more than you can afford or extremely affordable, thus somewhat suspect. Reading all the great reviews for this hotel on tripadvisor, and seeing the unreal price for a nice hotel in Manhattan, my mother and I jumped at the option.We took a taxi from LaGuardia to the hotel for just around $25 (US). (Subsequently, if you are good with time and planning, you could also take a subway and then a bus to the airport. But the cab ride was short, relatively cheap, and convenient for us.)We arrived at the hotel around 11am knowing that check-in was not until 3pm, but hoping they could at least store our bags until then. It was a happy little surprise that our room happened to be vacant and they checked us right in, no hassles, no problems, all smiles. The rooms are on the small side, but ours was perfect: Two Very Comfortable beds, clean bathroom, and a comfy chair by the big window.As the last reviewer stated, there were problems off and on with the elevators, but we are patient women and never had to wait very long at all.There is a gym with quite a lot of exercise equipment and a beautiful pool on the lower floor.Coffee, juice, cereal, fruit, and pastries were available every morning from 6am - 9am. Our flight left LaGuardia at 6pm. The front desk was gladly able to hold our bags after check out while we spent our last afternoon roaming the city.The hotel is on 92nd, the closest subway station in just a few blocks over on 96th. Everything about our stay was perfect. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 6 2007 	"Mostly good experience"	Just stayed at the Courtyard Upper East Side for two weekend nights. Got an excellent AAA rate through the hotel directly ($170 plus taxes). Agreed with other reviewers that the hotel is very clean and new with nice amenities. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Rooms quiet and bed very comfortable. My only complaint about this hotel sounds trivial but was a major inconvenience to our family. This refers to the elevators at the hotel, of which there were only two, and both were small and very slow. Around check out time, I waited 10 or 15 minutes just to get upstairs to my room while my husband had the car waiting outside. Since it took me two trips to get all our luggage, the check out process took over 30 minutes. People were getting extremely frustrated with the delays. I'm not sure that this hotel can do anything about their elevators, but guests beware: allow LOTS of time to get to and from your room!	
Jan 24 2007 	Truly Great Value in New York City	Thank you, Bill Marriott! Located on the Upper Eastside of New York, this Marriott is a jewel. The staff is friendly, the rooms clean, the beds very comfortable and the security is tight and both seen and effective. We stayed with our children for two nights and although somewhat out of the way, because of the location to the FDR drive, we were able to get to downtown and midtown in a breeze. If you're looking for a midtown, expensive and snooty typical New York City hotel, this is not it. If you like friendly, professional staff, a comfortable and relaxing room and bed, and a free cup of coffee, croissant and fruit in the morning; coupled with a nice pool and gym, at all a very fair price, stay here. Funny thing...because of this hotel alone, we're thinking of coming back to New York City more often.	
Dec 31 2006 	Best choice staying NYC	We stayed at this new location during our recent visit. We had a king-suite with a kitchen in the living area. The rooms are very new, clean and well-equiped. Lower level has a full swimming pool, jacuzzi; steam, sauna rooms, exercise equipment and also a guest laundary room.The morning continental breakfast was very decent. Professional staff services and keyed security elevator (especially at NYC) are of highest quality. Transportation is convenient. Whole family had a great time and we'll definitely come back again!	
Dec 27 2006	Wonderful new addition to the Upper East Side! Clean new Fantastic!!!		
Dec 22 2006 	Clean comfortable friendly staff		
Nov 17 2006 	Excellent wonderful loved it.		
Nov 9 2006 	Great New Hotel on NYC upper East Side		
Oct 12 2006 	So new and clean!		
Oct 12 2006 	Great Hotel! Outstanding Service!		
Oct 5 2006 	Clean and New		
Sep 13 2006 	Location not the best if you like midtown activities		
Sep 10 2006 	Wonderful Hotel!		
Aug 21 2006	a great bet if the price is right		
Apr 22 2009 	Méga bon plan		
Jan 29 2009 	me gusto la ubicación y todo el hotel		
Dec 29 2008 	Una noche en New York		
