Oct 28 2009 	Perfect in everyway!	I also booked this hotel through Quikbook almost 4 months in advance of our stay October 22-26, 2009. I confirmed the reservation via phone about 2 weeks before our departure. Everything was PERFECT! We reserved a room with 2 queen beds for four of us and the room was a good size. We had a view of the Brooklyn Bridge (although a little obstructed since we were on the 5th floor). The room was quiet and in a perfect location to reach the subway, to go to the pier, to go see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero, and to see the Financial District. There was so much to do just in this area and only about a 15 minute subway ride to the heart of Manhattan. The bar/restaurant across the street, Nelson Blue, was TOO much fun! If you go there tell Pauly that Anthony and Justin from San Diego say &quot;hi&quot;! It was so nice to stop by there on our way back from a long day of touristy stuff and then talk to locals and have a few drinks and some great New Zealand food! Oh..and the price we got on this room for the 4 of us... WOW.. I could not find a better price in all of Manhattan. We would have had to stay in NJ to get that rate.	
Oct 11 2009 	ignore our email request to hotel	In August 2009, we Booked this hotel by Quikbook for Oct 2009 arrival for 5 nights. Sent email to this hotel web site contact address [--]. We mentioned because of late international flight arrival to JFK, we requested this hotel to confirm our pre-paid advance reservation. We requested this hotel to make sure to reserved non-smoking room in upper quiet room for us, even we would arrive late, but already have paid the hotel room in advance.Well, we never received any responses from this hotel. We have no choice but canceled our reservation and ate the penalty.	
Sep 29 2009 	Poor service 	Have recently stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. Payed over $300 per night.As soon as I got to the room I was disapointed. The room was dark, dirty and not properly serviced i.e no toilet rolls &amp; towels. Unfortunetly when you arriave late at night and go straight to bed you don't tend to notice these things until it's too late. When I complained to reception in the morning they just laughed. When I got back from a day at work, guess what, towels were still missing. Had to chase these again.The service just got worse, reception left unattended for long periods, unhelpful staff etc.The only positive I could say about this hotel, is that the view of the Brooklyn bridge is great.	
Aug 18 2009 	GREAT VIEW	Nice place, bare bones accomodations. Ms. Tia at check in was great, accomodating, friendly, curteous. Room 704, wow, huge terrace, however, over 400 balloons for a saturday night, worth the view and the size. Great italian cafe across the street called Buono' Amici, fantastic sauce, food, service, price, AH-BOON-ANZA! nice area, be careful of the cobblestones in front of the hotel, you could break an ankle.	
Aug 12 2009 	Nice hotel good location	The Seaport Inn is located right next to Brooklyn Bridge and the Seaport. Nightly strolls to the harbor, hanging out at the piers, very central location ... excellent choice as a base for your sightseeing trips (subway and ferries close by). The hotel is very clean and quiet, offers a nice variety of continental breakfast and fresh cookies throughout the day.The staff could be a bit friendlier in my opinion, but nothing to complain about.All in all a good choice!	
Jul 27 2009 	A gem of a hotel!	Although the hotel is small, it is very charming and tastefully decorated. We had a standard size room with a king bed (very comfortable). The location of the hotel is awesome...walking distance to lower Manhattan attractions, but far enough to be removed from crowds and noise! You feel as if you are visiting Boston Harbor- instead of Manhattan. Did I mention free continental breakfast and discounted parking?	
Jun 27 2009 	Ok hotel nothing more	The Seaport Inn is an ok hotel with basic service and room. The location is kind of nice, inbetween the financial district and Brooklyn. If you go make sure to get a room on top with a balcony because the view of the brroklyn bridge is fantastic at night. The price is ok.	
Jun 20 2009 	Nice cosy little place - great location!	I really like this place. It's right in the heart of Seaport which is a brilliant place to hang out for a few days, especially if it's your first trip to NY city. I stayed at the Seaport Inn for 3 nights, and I liked it. It doesn't have stunning views, or a great restaurant, or amazing decor. It just has a nice cosy feel to it - and it's quiet. It's a good stop for the business traveler who needs a quiet place for a couple of nights - however there are no business or meeting facilities. Its a good place for couples, singles who need short term accommodation. Staff are friendly.The free breakfast, in my opinion, is rubbish - waffles and syrup with coffee...BIG deal. I didn't bother, and ate across the road. But the night life and the bars/cafe's/restaurants around the area are-a-plenty!The internet service at this place is FAST and FREE. Comfy beds with big pillows and nice paintings on the wall. There is nothing fancy about this place but it does have a bit of old charm :-)	
Jun 2 2009 	Everything great at this hotel!	I accompany my husband on his business trips to NYC and we always stay at this hotel. Every stay here has been wonderful. The hotel is clean, staff friendly, comfortable beds, excellent hot water and strong water pressure. Easy to use wireless internet and tasty deluxe continental breakfast - both free - make this the perfect hotel for us. The hotel does not have its own parking but garages are in front and close by. In terms of location, this hotel was chosen for its proximity to the office, but there are a number of restaurants all within walking distance as well as a many that offer free delivery to the hotel.	
May 20 2009 	Excellent location reasonable service	The Seaport Inn is located in the extreme south of Manhattan, near Brooklyn Bridge (had a great view on the BB from my window). Nice neighborhood too: the busy Seaport area is close by but Peck Slip, where the hotel is located, is quiet. Subway train station is a brisk 5 minute walk away. My room was ok in size and comfort. As so often in the US, breakfast was terrible: mediocre coffee, uneadible waffles, luckily some fresh fruit. Efficient and functionally friendly staff. As a basis for your exploration of Manhattan and northern Brooklyn this is an excellent base.	
May 5 2009 	Nice place in fun location	Best Western Seaport Inn is a nice smaller hotel right in South Street Seaport in lower Manhattan. It is right near the Brooklyn Bridge (visible from our windows) and walking distance from the Financial District/Wall street area. It is a bit of a hike to the nearest subways so if you have trouble walking or are planning on doing things in other neighborhoods or boroughs and don't have a car this may not be for you. If you want to explore lower Manhattan it is probably the perfect place.We had a large room with two queen beds and 5 bright windows overlooking the seaport and Brooklyn Bridge. The hotel was very clean, beds were comfy with lots of pillows, and the reasonable (for NY) price included a continental breakfast and fresh-baked cookies in the afternoon. More like a B&amp;B than a large impersonal hotel! The one glitch, which was resolved pleasantly, was that although we had a confirmed reservation for 3 nights, on the second morning the maid assumed we were checking out that day. When we asked at the front desk they at first said that we were only there for two nights, then (finally) checked the reservation and agreed that indeed we had reserved for three. Then they asked us to change rooms as they &quot;needed the room with two beds and we had originally booked for a king bed.&quot; True, but they gave us the double when we checked in with no request that we change later. At 11 a.m. on the second day after we had unpacked and when we were on our way out for the whole day it was NOT convenient to have to pack up and move. When we protested they backed down and let us stay in our (very nice) room without any further trouble. The rest of the stay was very pleasant and comfortable. I would recommend this place but do recheck your reservation when you check in!	
May 4 2009 	Great Location for Lower Manhattan	This was just a short stay, having stayed many times in central Manhattan, I was looking for something reasonable in a different area. I was not dissapointed.The hotel itself, is pretty much what you would expect from a major chain. The room was a good size for NYC and was clean. Desk staff were friendly and reasonably helpful (apart from getting a taxi - they try and push you to use a &quot;reccomended&quot; car service).The location here is superb. Lower Manahttan sights such as Wall Streeet, Ground Zero, Bowling Green Bull are all within walking distance. South Street Seaport is literally over the road. Apart from the Seaport itself, the whole immediate area is full of bars and restaurants and bustling with life in the evenings.The breakfast at the hotel is plentiful, with a choice of bagels, toast, cereals, fruit, donuts etc., If you have been to New York before and fancy staying away from the central area, I would definitely recommend considering this hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	A Soul-less Joke!	The Best Western Seaport Inn is an independently owned and operated failure of a hotel next to the FDR Drive. The management is virtually non-existent and interacting with them takes on the character of an inmate speaking to a prison guard. The decor features uninspired polyester curtains and veneer wood paneling. If this sounds appealing, this hotel is for you.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Location! Friendly Staff!	We recently stayed for one night. The staff was super friendly from the moment we arrived. They also upgraded us to a terrace room, without any extra charge! Great view of the Brooklyn Bridge and Seaport area. Rooms were clean and spacious (for NYC). The terrace was also very large, however we couldn't really enjoy it much being it was pretty cold out. They also have free breakfast, which isn't bad. Cereal, bagels, waffles, juice, coffee, etc. There is a lot to do in the area. There are many places to eat and shop. We really enjoyed the Bridge Cafe (oldest bar in NYC), the bartender was fabulous and very knowledgeable. There is a subway stop just a few blocks away that will take you uptown. I really enjoyed staying downtown, it's quaint and calm compared to uptown.	
Jan 13 2009 	We had a great family reunion	We booked this hotel for a family reunion at Thanksgiving. The hotel staff were great. The location of the hotel was great. We had many grandchildren at the reunion and they enjoyed the proximity to the South Seaport and the activities and shopping it has to offer. We liked the lack of city traffic around the hotel and felt safe with all the young children we had around.The rooms were spacious and very clean. The free breakfast was well stocked and the staff kept replacing the food as it was consumed. The subways stations were nearby and the hotel was close to a free shuttle service that takes you around the downtown New York area.We're looking forward to come back to this hotel again and again.	
Dec 16 2008	Great value for price	I stayed 4 nights in New York, 2 in Hilton in Midtown (business) and 2 in this small scale Best Western Inn Seaport Inn (leasure). In Hilton I paid over 400 $ a night. Breakfast not included. In the Seaport Inn I paid 199 $, breakfast and internet included.Staff is very friendly, location ok for downtown (bars, shops, restaurants in the neighborhood, subway-station Fulton 5/10 minutes walking).	
Nov 28 2008 	Very Pleased with my stay! Loved it.	My partner and I decided to take a road trip up to new york wednesday at about 2pm. We didn't leave Delaware until about 5, and didn't start looking for hotels until we got to the new jersey turn pike. We called about 15 hotels, motels, and even a hostel that appeared on our GPS search. This Best Western was the cheapest stay, accepted AAA, and had a deal with a parking garage for ONLY 20bucks. The hotel is very easy to find, and has a conveinent loading and unloading sidewalk. We checked in with no problem and were assigned a room on the third floor. The room was small, but perfect. Had a table to eat, a small desk basically for our laptops and cell phones to charge and a queen size bed, a hidden tv, micro fridge, and even a vcr. Smelled clean which was a plus, and we actually had a decent view of the harbor and of the street in front of the hotel. The only negative and gross thing I can say is NOT that there were bed bugs or anything, the only gross thing was that when we opened the toilet there was poop and atleast an entire roll of toilet paper inside. It was really gross. The water pressure was great for city water. Bed was comfy and the thermostat kept the room perfect temperature.It was a little hard to sleep. I will tell you, that you can hear VERY LOUDLY if anyone upstairs of you runs their water. At about 2:30 they decided to take a half hour shower and then again at 7am. Everytime they flushed the toilet we could hear it. This happens at a lot of hotels so Im not going to hold it against best western.They were extremely nice and even offered us late check out so we could go see the macy day parade and have time to come back and pack up.Forgot to mention, the amazing breakfast. I read on a review someone had written that they only had 4 tables. Okay, who cares? You get the food and you go back to your room! There were 4 tables and then they had 3 couches and 2 or 3 barstool tables AND you could sit in any of the lobby couches. I dont think i've ever stayed anywhere and not taken my food back to my room where its more comfortable.	
Nov 14 2008 	Good Value Hotel in Financial District	This is a good hotel if you are on a budget. Is I was visiting for business reasons it was close to the financial district in the Seaport area. The surrounding area is very nice with plenty of restaurants in close proximity with cobbled streets. It is not that convenient if you are mainly focussing on uptown tourist areas as it is quite a few stops on the subway.The hotel itself is very good, with helpful desk staff and a good continental breakfast is included in the rate.The rooms are quite nice and spacious albeit more traditionally presented (not ultra modern) and the only issue was the rattling airconditioning (old style with no way to set an accurate temperature).The hotel is also very quiet as it is not on any main thoroughfare.	
Oct 22 2008 	Greta hotel great location	I only tend to praise something when its worth praising.This is a great little hotel in good location at a great rate for New York.The hotel has a charm that is not often found in chain hotels and the service is individual. All the staff were helpful.We were told that breakfast was not included in our rate but on arrival the staff told us continental was included and this was served in a, small, parlour with a large choice of cereals, pastries coffee tea etc. Enough to set you up for the day albeit you may have to wait a few minutes for a free table.The location at the Seaport is great. Okay Pier 17 is a tourist trap but the surrounding area is great with lots of restaurants and cafes serving exquisite food (MUST GO: Les Halles Brasserie, St John Street).When people say you can get better hotels in the area at a better price, well I could not and I spent hours looking round and comparing prices. The price of 229 dollars per room was good. A point to bear in mind if your travelling into the States - we purchased gift vouchers when the exchange rate was high. When we visitied the exchange rate has dropped considerably but we came out well because of the forethought.The room itself was larger than expected with high speed WIFI and LD tv. The aircon was a little noisy and one of the lifts was a little slow.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great value for the price	We chose this hotel because we were just off a cruise in Brooklyn and wanted something close to the port and not too far from Little Italy.We wanted to visit the San Gennaro feast.I must say we were pleasantly surprised.The room was clean and well-decorated.We had a mini-fridge, a safe and continental breakfast.The breakfast room had cereal, juice ,toast, waffles,and muffins.The only setback is that it's small(4 tables).Then there were some selfish people there who sat and chatted at a table for about 20 minutesafter they had finished while some people had to eat breakfast on a chair. The staff was very helpful when we asked for directions.If you're expecting the Waldorf Astoria, don't book there.But if you want a clean and comfortable hotel at a reasonable price, the Seaport fits the bill.	
Sep 15 2008	Cute and Cozy	They gave me a queen room facing the inside of the building so my view out the window was a vent. Well I was only there for 2 days, so it didn't much matter to me. I was planning a conference at the Bridgewater restaurant venue space and so the walk was only 2 blocks, which was more important to me rather than the view. Perhaps you may want to ask for a Street View room, but I'm not sure how the noise factor would be.After the conference I didn't want to walk back to the Best Western to catch a limo, so the front desk was kind enough to oder the airport limo to pick us up at the Bridgewaters venue. Very good service.Ok tasting cookies at 3pm daily at the front desk of Best Western (although Subways are much better).Showerhead was new, so that's was nice. Old TV and cabinetry, but decent.Good rate and good area. For those of you who have been to the Distillery District in Toronto, it's very much like that - cobblestone streets closed off to the cars so great for pedestrians shopping. High end stores, very trendy area.	
May 28 2008 	Surprise location and price.	We just returned from NYC and our stay at The Best Western Seaport.We were surprised to see this location and how close we were to the Seaport.Our room was clean and from our 7th floor location we had views of the Brooklyn Bridge and water.Each person at the front desk was just wonderful.Parking was an easy walk in a safe garage for $20.00 per day.We were close to a bus line,subway and cabs at the front door that we preferred.The breakfeast was nice.Eggs waffles,fruit and all the usual breads and pastry.Though the room was small we opted to take ours to our room.The Hotel has 2 good size elevators.For NYC a surprise as other places we have stayed has had one tiny elevator.	
May 9 2008 	great little hotel	We stayed at Best Western Seaport overnight while visiting NYU with our daughter in April. We chose this hotel based mostly on price but also on it's location, walking distance to the piers, Battery Park, Ground Zero, and just a short cab ride to NYU, Empire State building, etc. We never had a problem getting a cab from the hotel which was a nice change coming from the Boston area!There is also a small deli/cafe next door, and a small restaurant with outdoor seating that looked nice and was always busy. Peck Slip area itself was very charming with cobblestone streets, lots shopping and restaurants around, validated parking garage($20) at the end of the block.We arrived at 1:30PM, and were given a room right away. The room was on the small side, but very clean and plenty of space for the 3 of us. We had a queen bed and pullout sofa bed. I loved being able to open the windows and really enjoy the great weather those 2 days. Breakfast was simple but enough for us, bagels, pastries, toast, waffles, fruit, cereals, coffee, juice etc. A really nice touch was the fresh cookies in the lobby every afternoon!The staff were all terrific, especially the girls at the front desk who were very helpful, accommodating and friendly. We would definately stay here again!	
May 8 2008	nice hotel in a very pleasant area	Comfortable room, big for NYC - we had a great view on the Brooklyn bridge. Very convenient for visiting Downtown Mannathan, Brooklyn and taking the boat for Ellis Island. The hotel is in an old brick building, surrounded by other small old building in bricks and small pleasant streets with shops and restaurant, quiet, fancy and that 5 minutes wallking distance away from the busy Wall Street. I would definitely recommand it for all types of stays (we were with family but it would have been also a pleasant place for business travel just to have some rest after a working day)	
Apr 15 2008 	Good location good service	Stayed at Seaport Inn for a week in March 2008 while working in the Financial District. My flight got into JFK at 8 am (red-eye from California) and I got to the hotel at 9 am. They had my room ready, which was very nice.Great location - it is in a little brick courtyard near several good restaurants, ten minute walk to the Staten Island Ferry (free, nice view of Manhattan, Statue of Liberty, etc.), ten minute walk to Wall Street (which is way faster than taxi would get you there in morning traffic), a little farther from World Trade Center site.The service in the hotel was pretty good. The breakfast was a little too light and repetitive (same fruit, pastries, waffles every day). And do not expect it to be ready much earlier than 7 am - New Yorkers apparently start their day late but there is a cafe right next door to the hotel (also, do not expect it to be fully open/stocked before 7:30 or 8).Overall, good experience.	
Apr 11 2008	Great place to stay	Our stay at the Seaport Inn was pleasant, the staff was helpful, the location ideal and the room clean and well appointed. The hotel is small and cozy with a nice seating area in the lobby. Breakfast was not extensive but certainly adequate. The rooms were comfortable and quiet. The location is great for sightseeing or business in lower Manhattan and the subway was a 8 minute walk away. I would definitely stay here again when visiting New York.	
Mar 31 2008	Great hotel in lower Manhattan	I stayed here in 2006, 2007 and most recently in March 2008, and have found it to be consistently above average all three stays. Easy access to the FDR and Brooklyn Bridge for transportation. Quick (15 minutes) walk to Chinatown or Battery Park. Plenty of places too eat. Small but convenient adjacent.The room was comfortable and quiet. Not much of a view, but I think it's only 5 stories, so don't expect the vistas such as those gained from taller hotels. Price was equal to other hotels (I had State Govt rates).Covered parking in a garage ($20/night) only 3 minutes up the block). The continental breakfast could have been ready a little earlier than 7:30 for those leaving earlier. But besides this, I can't complain.	
Mar 15 2008 	Comfy great experience!!!	I cant say enough about this hotel stay- Pros: Price and great for the rooms we got, clean and spacious! We were on the very top floor and there was a beautiful view- Please see pictures attaches. the room was clean and spotless. bathroom had a small both jaccuzzi and was roomy as well-AC/heater worked great, beds were sofft and fresh feeling! it was like sleeping on a cloud. balcony was nice and lot of tables to sit on outise to enjoy view, desk area to sit and write if needed. Guy in the front desk was friendly and continetial breakt fast was good. Easy to get taxis.Cons: the breakfast area was cramped and the location seems to be a bit far from attractions- other than that great stay!	
Nov 21 2007 	Great value in Lower Manhattan...	I cannot say I agree with the recent reviews, as I had a great stay down in the Seaport District.I am not usually a fan of Best Westerns, but I was pleasantly surprised when I was upgraded to a terrace room which had amazing views of the Brooklyn Bridge. The room was a nice size for Manhattan hotels, as Ive stayed in some &quot;4 star&quot; hotels where your feet touch the wall when you sleep. The bedding was very comfortable in comparison to other Best Westerns and similarly priced hotels. It was the standard bedding now found in all Marriotts and Sheratons. As an extra bonus, my room had a sleek flat screen tv.The breakfast wasnt perfect, but I couldn't complain considering the limited space the hotel has to offer and the fact it was free. As a business traveler, I was quite impressed by the wireless signal in my room and throughout the property (also free). This is something that can be spotty from hotel to hotel (not free at Marriotts).Overall, I had an excellent experience and would highly recommend to anyone on business in the area of the financial district of NYC.	
Nov 19 2007 	Shockingly Substandard no ability to solve problems	I stayed at this hotel with my Mum and two sisters and we were all extremely disappointed....especially after the good reviews from other travellers. The area is great , though it is worth noting for those not familiar with the vastness of New York that it is a good bit from midtown.Our only problems were with the hotel and the attitude of the staff while we were there. Check in was fine, friendly in fact. Arriving in the room, we were intially disappointed with the quality of the room and furnishings but as this was a base rather than where we planned to spend much time, it was not a concern.We called for additional towels - and then had to call again when they were not brought down. The hair dryer did not work so they had to drop in a replacement. Our window was right outside the air conditioning unit which was a disturbance most of the time. The remote control was out of batteries.The worst part was when the toilet became blocked. There was no one available to fix it and they offered us to move to an equivalent room. Rather than pack up and I asked for a plunger and was told &quot;I could come to reception and get one&quot;. Upon going to reception, it appeared a plunger could not be found and then they pressed us to move rooms again. As it seemed to be too much hassle on their part to try and unblock the toilet, I agreed we would move rooms. This was 4 women packing up a weekend's shopping so no simple move! They seemed to be finding it hard to find an equivalent room based on our rate on our floor so I suggested that a superior room (we aren't talking penthouse here - just a room with 2 beds rather than a bed and a fold away bed) should really not be a problem given that we were moving at our inconvenience as they did not have someone there to fix this simple problem with the toilet. After consultatation by the receptionist with another staff member (in sharp tones in a foreign language), they agreed to letting us take a better room. So we packed up and moved by ourselves, no offer of assistance or anything. All in all, I couldn't believe the lack of service or concern.I have stayed with Best Western before and was looking forward to this one...but was disappointed on so many counts. We will not be back nor recommending this to anyone visiting NY	
Nov 17 2007 	You get what you pay for	I stayed at this hotel while attending a conference in the financial district November 5-7. Given that this hotel is not that much cheaper than many other better hotels in the area, I was pretty dissapointed with my stay. When I arrived, I was asked to sign a document agreeing that this was a non-smoking hotel. Great!! I dont smoke and am allergic to it. Upon entering my room, it reiked of smoke. I was moved to another room, which did not smell of smoke until the second night. Someone might as well have been smoking in my room it was so bad. This is an old hotel and if someone is smoking in a room with a vent connected to yours, you might as well light up yourself. So if you are sensitive so smoke or dont want to stay in a hotel that smells of smoke, this is not the hotel for you.The staff was also pretty rude and unhelpful. On my first night at the hotel, it was later in the evening, I didnt want to venture very far and was looking for a place to eat. I asked at the front desk for a recommendation to which the woman working the desk replied &quot;I dont know, I dont eat down here.&quot; So I then proceeded to just ask for directions to some restaurants listed on the hotel's website that it states are nearby, to which I was pointed to a map of NYC! I dont really care if the front desk staff doesnt eat in the area, but I at least expect them to be helpful. Lastly, dont plan on eating the breakfast unless you like stale pastries and a box of Cheerios or like your waffle mix to come out of a machine that is not refrigerated. There are plenty of places nearby to get breakfast.If you do stay here, I highly recommend eating at Salud, a Brazillian tapas restaurant a couple of blocks away. Excellent!!	
Nov 10 2007 	Great Find	I really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel is small and charming- and an exceptional value by Manhattan standards.Location: Situated near the Fulton Seaport- this is a much quieter part of Manhattan. There are some attractions in walking distance (Wall St, WTC site, Battery Park/ferries for Statue of Liberty, Brooklyn Bridge) and the subway connections in the area are very good. There are also a few excellent restaurants and coffee shops- a several chain stores (Abercrombie, J Crew) right across the street. The Room: Very tidy, nice bed, good size for Manhattan, very clean bathroom. Only complaint: TV did not work.The hotel offers a spartan continental breakfast. Most of the staff were extremely pleasant- we did encounter two very irritable staff members though. I would not hesitate to return.	
Sep 19 2007 	Wonderful Accomodations	I was tasked with getting accomodations for all of my family members as we visited NY for the first time for a wedding, so the pressure was on. After lots of research and finally finding Trip Advisor, I selected the Seaport Inn. The hotel is in such a fantastic location with all of the shops and the restaurants providing everything my whole crazy family needed during the visit. The hotel is very nice, clean, a good free breakfast, and very helpful and pleasant staff. Ask for a room with 2 queen beds for roomier space. We would definitely stay there again... we all loved the Southstreet Seaport area charm and the not so bustling feel, the waterfront, cobblestone streets and more. The best part... I was the hero for picking such a good place.	
Jun 30 2007	Seaport Best Western Gets My Vote!	My husband and I live in the South Street Seaport area and we love it. (It is the best kept secret in NYC.) In March we threw a big wedding celebration and decided to host relatives and friends nearby at the Seaport Best Western. It is a cozy hotel with some great views of the Seaport and the Brooklyn Bridge. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Alan Chan, the manager, is great. From day one, he communicated with me in a timely manner and made sure that my hotel needs were met. His business and personal manner really impressed me.If you want a big, splashy, high tech NYC hotel...go to Times Square. If you want a sweet little hotel near the water in a great new neighborhood, go to the Seaport Best Western.	
May 29 2007 	Nice little hotel	Stayed at hotel 22 to 25 May for 3 nights and had a nice time. Found staff to be very helpful and always greeted you with a smile. The breakfast room was small but never found any trouble getting a seat and there was always plenty of food. Had a room with a kingsize bed and it was big enough for what I needed. It was also useful to have complimentary use of internet to keep intouch with family and friends by email. The only downside was on my last night 24th when I came back to my room after a nice evening in Little Italy to find a cockroach in my toiletry bag in the bathroom. As I'm not very good with creepy crawlers (in fact scared of them) it took me a good half hour to get it out of my toiletry bag whilst hyperventilating and finally kill it with my one of my shoes. As it was the only bad time I had at the hotel I did not let it ruin my stay but if anyone asked me about staying there I would mention it to them as I'm not the first to findone in my room from other notes I've seen on this website.	
Apr 2 2007	Great Intro to a great Neighbourhood	Really enjoyed this little hotel. Our terrace room had views of the Brooklyn Bridge and the weather was warm enough for evening cocktails and am coffee. The breakfast room was jammed but offerings were appreciated and we enjoyed listening to everyone else's plans for the day. Room was not large but had a mini fridge, flat screen tv &amp; a soaker tub. Had dinner the first night at a great Italian/Fresh Fish restaurant around the corner called Carmine's. A bit of a walk to the subway but the neighbourhood was really interesting. The best part was that Matt Damon was in our hotel as they were shooting a movie on the street in front of the hotel. The only negative was that we were travelling with our teenage daughter and the terrace rooms only had one bed. The rollaway cot was so uncomfortable that she had to crawl in with us. Luckily it was a Queen sized bed and the staff did remove the expense from our bill.	
Mar 2 2007	Great Hotel in a great location	We got married in New York in December '06 and booked the hotel directly after searching blindly through the internet.I'm a firm believer in &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; and cheap hotels in New York are cheap for a reason. The Seaport Inn wasn't at the top end of the expense ladder but nor was it at the bottom.We told them that we were getting married and the hotel kindly upgraded our room so that we had a balcony and view of the Brooklyn Bridge.The staff were exceptionally friendly and considerate. The hotel is in an excellent location - close to a post office for money orders and City Hall for the wedding licence!!. All of our family and friends stayed there and nobody had cause for complaint.The ONLY minor problem we found was that the breakfast room is a little small - but as you get a free continental breakfast and can make your own waffles it was hardly a problem.We would have preferred a kettle in the room as opposed to a coffee-maker - but only so we could boil water for the baby's bottle. Other than that we had a great stay, a great wedding and a wonderful honeymoon.	
Oct 28 2006	A little Gem With a Big View	I was unsure about this after reading some reviews, but the Downtown area suited our 1 night stay as we were connecting to Cape Liberty NJ next day to board our cruise - so this area made for convenient getaway (only took about 30 to 40 mins in all).We pre-booked the 3 rooms with terraces overlooking Brooklyn Bridge - and wow what a view. It was a lovely balmy night and I sat out till 3.30pm as I didn't want to miss a momemt of the view.We had the King the others had Queen rooms which were functional but small (but who cares with huge balconies). The fridge had complimentary water and Internet Access was free too.Breakfast was OK - exactly what I expected from a complimenatry brekkie (no better no worse). It did the trick!The other good points were the lovely area with cobblestone streets and nice shops, plus the Piers are close and make nice drinking/eating places - pleanty of bars in the area.We loved our stay here and it was a bargain price booked direct with the hotel. Try it - beats Times Square hands down!	
Sep 5 2006 	Great Value nice area	A lot more than we expected for a hotel in Manhattan. In a nice, quaint area - close to Chinatown, Financial District and ferries. Great value - 4 of us stayed for $180/night. Rooms and bathrooms were clean and staff (specifically John at the Front desk) were nice. Ask for a room with a view of the Brooklyn Bridge.	
Jul 24 2006 	Definitely not recommanded !	I stayed several times at Best Western hotels but this one was my worst experience in one of them. The staff was really unfriendly, the breakfast room was tiny (only 4 tables (!) and at 9:00 AM nothing left to eat) but the worst was to find a big cockroach in the bathroom one morning... I would definitely not recommand this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 17 2006	Not Bad Enough to Leave Not Good Enough to Return	We paid $175 through priceline---, a good price for a New York hotel. The room was fine--a refrigerator, TV, closet. Having read previous reviews which complained of the noise from the streets, I asked--and received--a room facing the courtyard. Hence noise was not a problem. The continental breakfast was modest but sufficient.What was a problem was a bathroom sink that provided only a trickle of water. It was nearly impossible to shave or wash your face. I brought this to the attention of the desk attendant, who said it would be fixed, but nothing happened. Also, the temperature in the room was too warm, and trying to cool it, using the air conditioner, was unsuccessful. Fortunately we only stayed there two nights.Not recommended.	
Mar 12 2006	Great price great location	we stayed in seaport inn last year for 7 days, just after easter. the hotel is located just near the brooklyn brige in the beautiful part of ny called south street seaport, different from all the manhattan: small buildings, great shops, great restaurants, pear with beautiful riverfront cafes and a port with old ships and famous fish market. allthought the brige and fish market are close to the hotel there are no noise, we didn't heard a thing! from the hotel you can walk to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island ferries, the entire Financial District, Little Italy and China Town. the hotel is small and confortable, very clean, has 3 stars and deserves it. the staf is willing to help anytime. very good thing is breakfast which is included to price, nothing special but enough for tourist start of the day.overall i can say that we were very satisfied, there were 5 of us in one room for 6 nights and we payed 1200 euros with breakfast for everything.we're looking forward to visit again!	
Jan 29 2006	A Positive Experience	I just stayed at the Best Western at the South Street Seaport. I had an extremely positive experience. I was visiting my daughter in Brooklyn and wanted to stay at a hotel which wasn't too far from her residence. I had previously stayed at the Brooklyn Marriott, which was nice, but way too expensive. I stayed at the Best Western for a week and felt very comfortable there. The hotel is smallish with few services. However, the room was extremely clean, quiet and comfortable. It appeared to be freshly redecorated. The carpet and upolstery were spotless. My room looked over the street and was very quiet. Although I did not have too much interaction with the staff, when I did they were very pleasant. The complimentary breakfast was fine-a typical continental, but with enough variety, to find something to eat. Compared to other NY city hotels that I have stayed in, the value of the room was excellent. The location is probably not the most convenient for sightseeing in midtown, but for my needs it was perfect.I would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 10 2006	Awful - Never Again	We stayed here for a week over the New Year.We had arranged to pay by credit card. After 5 days, our cards were &quot;stopped&quot; due to the number and nature of transactions requested by the hotel. Having used my credit card in many hotels across the world, this has never happened to me.When I brought this to his attention, I found the Manager to be unhelpful and unapologetic - despite the fact that it was due to the hotel that we were in this situation. He did not provide a reasonable or detailed explanation for those transactions.He could not find any record of our checking in and initially was unable to find a record of my reservation. He also stated that the cost of our stay was almost $400 more than what I had booked.Resolving this took almost a full day (out of a 7 day holiday).Other Issues:While I was aware that it was not a great location, I was not aware that it was such a distance from the nearest sub-way station.On arrival we were allocated a room without a King Size bed (which I had booked) or views of the water/bridge (requested). On request, we were moved to a room with a king-size bed (still no views!)There was a strong smell of cigarette smoke in the room, despite it being a non-smoking room.	
Dec 7 2005 	We had a different experience Not Good	I am surpised by some of the reviews on here - because we had a decidedly different experience.Firstly - the room was tiny and was squirreled away in the back - VIEW OF A NASTY ALLEYWAY. You also have to get over the fact that outside - all you can smell is fish! I could have gotten over that (for the price) but I can not get over the sticky carpet. My shoes literally STUCK top the carpet. And then the overpowering smell of catpee hit us - it was awful.We went downstairs and asked to be moved but they claimed they could do nothing about it. I was there on business so didnt feel I could do much about it. To this day I can't believe we endured a night there. it was truly awful.	
Nov 11 2005	Not ideal for light sleepers	We stayed there on November 4th and 5th, 2005. The hotel itself is clean and nice - good value for the money. However, this is NOT a good hotel for light sleepers, due to the heavy street noise. If you are a light sleeper, do NOT get a room with windows facing the street - There is currently a lot of construction going on near the hotel, and the jackhammers start very early in the morning. In addition, there are a lot of trucks driving back and forth in front of the hotel ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT because of the fish market, which is only a block away. I barely slept a wink the first night we were there. The 2nd night, the staff graciously moved us to an interior room (facing an interior &quot;courtyard&quot;, which isn't actually a courtyard). This room was MUCH quieter. Unless you sleep like a log, it is best to request one of these interior rooms.	
Nov 11 2005 	Terribly noisy fish market	The hotel and the rooms were generally nice. But in the day time there was a large open place outside the hotel. About 2 am in the morning, we realized what the place was for, it was a parking place for trucks getting fish from the fish market. All night there was a terrible noise of enginenes, trolleys and people arguing loudly.The staff seemed OK at first. But when I asked to order a cab at a certain time, they said I could just call 5 minutes in advance. So I did, but then they said it would be 20 minutes. I almost missed a important meeting because of this.	
Nov 6 2005	excellent hotel	We stayed for three nights and had a very good experience. The Seaport Inn is clean, well maintained, well located and has a good staff. It is reasonably priced (for New York) and is an excellent value. It's not fancy but we had a wonderful view of the Brooklyn Bridge. We will go back.MAKE RESERVATIONS DIRECTLY WITH THIS HOTEL. DO NOT USE THE THE BEST WESTERN CENTRAL RESERVATION SYSTEM. IT IS AWFUL.	
Oct 17 2005	Great value	Stayed over a weekend. Hotel is very convenient to Ground Zero, Battery Park, and Wall Street, all of which are within walking distance. Short cab ride into Little Italy or Chinatown.Rooms are small but nicely appointed and very quiet. Continental breakfast was good, newspaper and more substantial food at the deli next door. The Fulton fish market adds color and odor in the early morning but is pretty much closed by 9:00 or 10:00.You'll have to walk a block or two to get a cab. Be sure to take a card with the hotel address...we had three taxi drivers that did not know where the hotel was located.$200 for this room is a bargain in New York.	
Oct 6 2005	The most romantic and fabulous weekend of my life	My husband chose this hotel to propose to me in. He got a room with a beautiful balcony and we sat out there under the Brooklyn Bridge looking out on the East River and he popped the question. The hotel staff knew in advance that he was going to propose and made everything so wonderful. They were so accommodating and helpful to my husband leading up to the big night. I will always have fond memories of the staff and my time there.	
Sep 4 2005 	Nice budget hotel	Convenient location to NYU dorm. The evening desk clerk (Leon) was delightful. (better than most concierges at higher priced hotels.) The rest of the staff was okay. I had a 6th floor room with a huge balcony with a gorgeous view of the Brooklyn bridge. Room was adequate (big by NYC standards), bedspreads and curtains a little dated, thin towels, fiberglass jacuzzi. This not a luxury hotel but a good deal for the area. It was also very quiet. A bit of a hike to the nearest subway station, seaport is right next store with the typical retailers (jcrew, gap, etc.) It served the purpose of my visit (moving my daughter into NYU housing.)If you want to be near the action or need thicker towels, stay uptown.l	
Jul 21 2005	Great hotel!!!	We have just returned from our trip to NYC - we stayed at this hotel based on reviews posted here. We travelled with our children (9 and 12) and we were VERY impressed with this hotel. The staff were very helpful, the rooms were great, the beds were comfortable and everything was CLEAN. The complimentary breakfast was suitable and the coffee was actually good!This hotel is located at the seaport where there is a very busy fish market from midnight to 6:00 a.m everyday.....we stayed for 3 nights and did not hear a thing! The only evidence of the activity was the fishy smell when we stepped outside in the morning and all of the busy city workers cleaning and scrubbing the streets.Because this hotel is located away from the hustle and bustle of the city it appeared many of the guests were there on business. If you want to be a part of the Times Square chaous it is approx a $20 cab fare away, or an easy ride on a city bus.We will go back to the city and we will stay at this hotel again. I would be happy to respond to any emails regarding our stay.	
Jul 18 2005	Hotel Staff the best	Stayed there with two elderly parents and three teenagers, we all loved it. The attentive staff were helpful and thoughtful. Touches like that take an average hotel up a couple of notches. The rooms were clean and comfortable after a long day of sightseeing.	
Jun 26 2005	Very satisfied!	We stayed at the Seaport Inn in June 2005, and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. After reading mixed online reviews, I didn't know what to expect. We found the exterior of the hotel to be quaint and well-tended. The lobby is small, but clean and comfortable. We had absolutely no problem with the staff, who graciously accomodated our early arrival, late checkout, and requests for extra towels and pillows. Housekeeping services were great, as well. The hotel even has a small fitness room.Our room with two queen beds was VERY CLEAN and spacious. The room was equipped with a table and 2 upholstered chairs, two upholstered &quot;benches&quot;, an iron/ironing board, hair dryer, coffee maker, refrigerator, a generous amount of toiletries, large tv, a nintendo system and high speed internet. The carpet, beds, and all furnishings were in excellent repair, and did I mention clean?The room rate includes breakfast, which consisted of bagels, croissants, breads, fruit cups, fruit, yogurt, cereal milk, juice and coffee. The breakfast room is smallish, but we brought our food back to the room, anyway.The hotel's Lower Manhattan location is convenient to WTC site, the Seaport, and Battery Park. There are many restaurants, shops and a drug store within walking distance. The hotel is near the Seaport, so be prepared for a intermittant &quot;fishy&quot; smell when outdoors. The hotel does not have a restaurant, gift shop or offer room service like some of the higher cost places, but who cares? We felt comfortable, safe and completely satisfied with our hotel choice. This one is a winner!	
Jun 6 2005 	Awful! Just plain awful!	I'm reading these other reviews and hate to be a thorn in an otherwise false rosy picture, but this hotel is far from nice! Yes, the rooms are OK, simple and basic - just under an average Best Western to be honest. The staff is kurt and obnoxious and seems to care less about guests. Andrew at this hotel was a royal pain and didn't seem to have the time to address any issues that we had. Stay away from this place. Best Western Seaport is the Best Western SeaDump!!	
Jun 1 2005 	Simple and basic but a good choice	An interesting hotel for New York City, this property is down the street from the South Street Seaport, a tourist destination. It's also close to the financial district, and not too far from Chinatown and Little Italy. It's a bit removed from the main streets and the neighborhood is a bit industrial, so at night it appears creepy, but it's not at all. There's not too much to eat in the immediate vicinity, but a short walk can get you decent food. The check in was easy, and the rooms are basic but perfectly fine. Some have very nice views of the Brooklyn Bridge and the river. Free, basic breakfast in the morning, and a small gym too. If all you need is a room and don't want to pay typical &quot;midtown&quot; prices for being close to the theater/shopping action, consider this property.	
Feb 24 2005	a great place to stay	This is my favorite place to stay when i visit the city because it is everything you would want or expect from a major hotel chain, and the locaion is unbeatable. a great jumping off place to hoof it through chinatown and little italy. my favorite touch is the artwork n the rooms. instead of cheesy mass produced hotel art, they have prints of historic etchings of the neighborhood that once bustled with seafaring activity. lots of constructuin going on right now, but not a prblem. the night clerk was especially kind and placed us in a better room when we came in, the last guests for the night perhaps, rolling in from a late night of barhopping at 4 am. and did i mention that it is cheap cheap? look for deals. i got my room for 139. hot!	
Dec 3 2004	CAN YOU KEEP A SECERT		
Nov 6 2004	Fascinating location		
Aug 24 2004	Clean and nice		
Jul 12 2004	great place to stay		
Apr 30 2004	Good Downtown Spot		
Nov 6 2003	Awesome.		
Oct 10 2003	exceeded my expectatations		
Sep 12 2003	Business Travelers Unique Location		
Jun 9 2003	Was charmed by the atmosphere!		
May 23 2003	Best Western		
Oct 16 2009 	Che scoperta!!		
Oct 11 2009 	Zentrales Hotel mit Charme		
Sep 10 2009 	Deception Aucune Vue Sur Brooklyn Bridge		
Aug 23 2009 	NY_Greith		
Jul 22 2009 	Il fascino della Lower Manhattan		
Aug 15 2008 	A recommander sans hsitation		
