	Phenomenal	Everything about our stay was flawless. We were brought in to the check-in area, which is comparable to a large living room. We sat down (no standing at a check-in desk) and our key cards were brought over to us, after we were offered a bottle of champagne, wine or water.A special thanks goes out to Vanessa at the front desk (I hope I’m remembering her name right)…she went a very long way to make this stay very special for us! The room was awesome. Unbelievable views of most of the city, and the furnishings were really cool. The bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom was sleek and clean.I highly recommend checking this place out, if even for only one night…we didn’t want to leave.	
Nov 23 2009 	A true New York City hotel	Most out of town tourists stay in one of the concrete masses in Time Square for its proximity to everything touristy. But if you want a true sense of NYC and are interested in staying in a brand new, 5 star hotel....I recommend the Cooper SquareThe service here is impecible. The ambiance is first class, and you feel like you are staying with people who have &quot;been to NYC before&quot;, versus cattle call hotels full of tourists and kids.You are a 10 minute walk to Greenwhich village, 5 minute cab ride to Little Italy restaurants, and there is a subway stop less than 200 yards away.Overall..a. great stay and I'd do it again if had the opportunity	
Oct 30 2009 	Horrendous experience!	Not one, but many, many problems with hotel:1) Wanting to leave immediately after check-in was impossible because it took 20 minutes to bring bags to room;2) Room had three hangers for two people staying for three nights;3) Could not open and close window without calling front desk. It took four hours for someone to come up, preventing us from going to bed;4) No one knew how to activate Wi-Fi;5) We were charged for courtesy bar even though we never opened it;6) On two days housekeeping did not come until we called at 6pm.We could not believe how bad the service was throughout the hotel. Would never go back!	
Oct 24 2009 	Really cool hotel and the most confortable bed ever.	This is an amazingly cool hotel, I loved loved loved it. Fantastic location.Downsides - tiny room for $400 a night including tax - although seriously we still loved the hotel and will absolutely go back. No prices on the (extensive) mini-bar meant that I paid $8 a bottle for three of the smallest bottles of water (200ml?), and didn't know how much I would have to pay if I used the fascinating personal oxygen cannister. Taxis don't know where it is - is it uncool to put a name outside? In fact that last point is almost an upside as well....Upsides - where do I start? Must be with the bed, which was like no other. This was at the end of a trip where we had slept in 14 beds in some great hotels, and this one was in a completely different league. So very comfortable, plus amazingly comfortable pillows and duvet - going to NY and raving about a hotel bed seems somehow wrong on all sorts of levels, but there you go. Other upsides - lovely staff - so friendly, great bar area, nice glass of wine when you arrive. Plenty of anecdotes for later - for example the bar is dark and when my husband wanted to read, a very friendly member of staff suggested the library. This was equally dark, so the helpful man brought him a scented candle to read by....21st century New York City!.	
Oct 18 2009 	Quality design	If you are into design and are sick of the many so called designer hotels out there in the market that fail to deliver - then this one for you to try. The building and interiors are well thought out and there is obvious quality to the interiors and furnishings. I had a great room, with wonderful views of the city from the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom also had plenty of natural light and a great walk in shower (no tub - but for me that was not a problem). There is a library theme to the hotel and a wonderful selection of books throughout (in the Lobby, as well as your room). A great distraction from the regular hotel pursuits of TV and Internet! They have moved away from the hotel experience, by getting rid of the Reception Desk and check in is more informal, in the Lobby Lounge. The restaurant and bar are hip and although I did not have time to enjoy them, looked popular. The location is good, but still up and coming as there seemed to be quite a lot of construction in the area. You are however close to the Bowery and Soho, so walking distance from great shops and restaurants (I would recommend a restaurant called Public, which is nearby). Staff are friendly and helpful, but lack a little polish. There is also free Wi-Fi.	
Oct 12 2009 	Trendy and convenient	Booked this hotel for a week for my brother and sister to stay and visit me in New York. I spent a few nights with them in the hotel just out of convenience. Anybody who knows the downtown area knows this hotel is in a great and convenient location. Very close to tons of food and bars in the east village, and close a number of subway lines. The hotel itself was pretty unconventional. There was no front desk, just a room that looks like a very nicely decorated living room. You are greeted by their friendly staff and they check you in while you wait on couches. The rooms themselves are very clean. They are small, but not by New York standards. The bathrooms are spacious though.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice hotel great location.	Stayed at the Cooper for 2 nights late september, paid $ 280 a night via quickbook, a good rate for a good room. Small, but that's everywhere in NY. Beds are amazing, has to be said. Shower very good as well. Nice reception upon arrival. Staff overall very friendly. Location is pefect, very close to a bunch of shopping (dangerous...), took a run along the East River. Whole Foods is just a block away, always convenient.	
Sep 21 2009 	Too expensive	Coopers Square has one advantage: It has a monopolistic location of being 'new', in walking distance to NYU-Washington Square , Greenwich Village, West Village, much of Soho and being upper-class... but for the $400 price-tag the rooms and their bathrooms are ridiculously small, with minor irritating things like the cheapest thinnest toilette paper and small towels where they clearly saved on fabric-softeners to add insult to injury. On my 8 or so rides in tiny elevators I squeezed in with room-service's carts 3 times: This would be a great hotel if the prices were half of what they charge....Staying farer away and taking cabs to/from the Greenwich Village/Soho area sounds better	
Sep 13 2009 	Best bed I've ever slept in. Ever.	I only stayed here for one night on my way somewhere else. So I was jetlagged and basically went straight to bed. And WHAT a bed. It's like sleeping on a cloud of happiness. This is the reason I'd go back. But the reasons I wouldn't. The room was smallish, (not as big as The Standard but bigger than the Soho Grand - and by the way when is someone going to make a website telling us the exact sizes of manhattan hotel rooms? it's needed...) The staff seemed nice enough. The bar downstairs is pretty hot right now - I was too shattered to even consider it. The reception area is extremely charming, with books everywhere. Jetlag sent me to bed at 8pm, then the noise from the bar woke me at 9pm. (The room was on the 3rd floor.) I rang reception and after some umming and awwing they transferred me to the 5th floor. Is that too princessy? Hey ho.	
Sep 13 2009 	How non-service gets reinvented every day	First the plusses: great location and friendly staff once they make themselves known to you (they are all dressed in casual clothes) Deltas: No room to walk in the US$500 a night room; no price list on mini-bar items; very noisy rooms: when ever one of your neighbours leaves their room you will hear it; very noisy airconditioning and pipe-system guaranteed to wake you up at least three times a night; maitre at restaurant should be informed that he doesn't work in Buckingham Palace, so please drop the attitude pal: 1 hour wait for a table when there are 5 tables clearly available is too anal.Cooper sq was recommended and it didn't hold it's promise. And here I was checking out if we could make this a corporate Hotel for my company. BIG MISS!!!! Disappointed.	
Sep 3 2009 	ANYTHING BUT SQUARE!	In fact, they don't get any hipper! I was travelling back through the US with two of my kids, and we made a weekend pit stop in NYC, and ended up in one of their corner suites. The kids had the bedroom - Dad had to make do with a blow up bed in the living room, which more than sufficed. We loved the funky vibe of the hotel, and some great little touches - the seat in the lift - the state of the art bathrooms, the generous assortment of goodies on arrival (wine, cookies etc) - complimentary Internet even before we'd officially checked in!Another big plus - its close proximity to some truly wonderful restaurants, particularly Indochine and Japonica - both within walking distance.If you're like me and don't enjoy being stuck in traffic, then do as we did, and take a cab to Penn station and catch the train to JFK - its no more than a 30 minute ride.Well worth a return visit!	
Aug 28 2009 	Brilliant funky modern hotel with wonderful staff!	We spent 4 nights in this hotel in August 2009 and cannot write one bad thing about it!If you are conservative, go elsewhere. It's modern, cool, and yes, the hallways ARE extremely dark. If that is going to bother you, you should go elsewhere. The rooms are small, but having said that, we still managed to find a convenient place for two large suitcases without too much drama... and still had easy access to them!The bed is SO comfortable, it was a shame we were in Manhattan, because I could have stayed in that bed for the entire stay! The iPod dock (Sony) is seriously the best I have ever heard. In fact, I just bought one! It is very small, but has amazing sound (it has a tiny subwoofer under the bed!). The bathroom is great. Our room just had a large amazing shower... with plenty of wonderful pressure. The bathroom lighting is dim, but that didn't bother me. The staff were also wonderful... always opening that huge entry door for you, along with a friendly &quot;Hello&quot;! Whenever we ordered ice or an iron, it always come promptly and without fail. On checkout, we had a bit of a disagreement about the bill... nothing really to do with the hotel, but more to do with the 3rd party website we booked on... and the staff were so friendly about it, and fixed the bill with minimal fuss. The manager that I dealt with for this was Alison, and she is BRILLIANT. Hotels need more managers like her!Oh, and you get free passes to a huge fitness centre across the street. Definitely a big selling point if you like the gym!! I didn't see this advertised on their website, so was pleasantly surprised when I found this out at check-in!Will definitely be back... I hope this hotel gets better reviews over the coming months!	
Aug 28 2009 	A designer delight	We stayed two nights, and chose the Cooper Square pretty last minute. We wanted a contemporary hotel with a bit of wow-factor that would spoil us without breaking the bank. We were not disappointed... it's a super-cool but very welcoming and intimate designer hotel. The design really is stunning with original and well thought out touches (like classic design and poetry books in the rooms) from the reception to the bedrooms - and we were upgraded and given a nice chilled glass of wine while we were signed in. What more could you want? Staff were all helpful and happy. We stayed in a 'Cooper 3' rated room - not large but really nicely thought out. Crisp white perfect cotton bed linen and possibly the most comfortable super-king-sized bed we have ever slept in. Huge die-for shower. The views from our 9th floor (floor-to-ceiling picture windows) were over Lower East Side with Brooklyn bridge in the far distance. We liked the area - sort of equal distance to anywhere and served by two subway lines at Astor Square just about three minutes away. The East Village has masses of great little restaurants too. So all in all a very big thumbs up. Only one gripe: they need to learn how to make tea!	
Aug 20 2009 	Would do again	Booked a last-minute business trip to NYC via expedia and decided to try the Alonquin ; however it was overbooked and I selected the Cooper 24 hours before my arrival, not knowing exactly what to expect (other that it was a 4 star) since it had been opened only for a few months. Stayed for one night only in a &quot;Cooper 3&quot; room and was extremely pleased: perfect bed, huge walk-in shower, free wifi, good size room (but a tad on the small side...), but best of all incredible unobstructed city views: I could have stared out the floor to ceiling window for hours. Did not get a chance to try the restaurant, room service, bar, etc. But the staff was very nice and attitude free, even agreed to an early check-in 6 hours ahead of time with no prior notice nor arguments which, in my book, is truly excellent. Got a great rate via expedia (much lower than their basic $425 rate) and would happily go again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great for Paris Hilton Wannabes TERRIBLE for business travelers	If you want to wait 10 minutes for an elevator, given attitude and rub arms with 21 year olds looking to emulate Paris Hilton, this is your place. If you are a serious business traveler, it is not. While Klaus Ortlieb may boost that he is an Ian Schrager protégé, it's evident that he was a bad student. This is simply an irritating hotel that possesses non of the charm that is created by the marriage of design and service that Schrager understands so well. If you want to stay at this hotel, wait a year or two until you can get a room at this hotel for $150 on Priceline. By then, I guarantee that you won't have to wait for an elevator for more than a minute...	
Aug 11 2009 	Funky and fun especially because its the only gig in this neigborhood	I stayed one night at this hotel for business in June of 2009. I chose it because the location was convenient. The location is really the best thing about this hotel. There are very few choices in the Bowery/East Village area, and this the best of the bunch.Your cabbie might not know where this hotel is, because it is very new and there is no signage at all. Tell him to drop you at Astor Place; the hotel is the large glass tower right across the street. It's very cool looking, but totally out of place in the neighborhood. You enter through huge doors and there is always a very friendly doorman there to help you in. The lobby is very small and there is no traditional check in desk. That is kind of weird. You sort of wander around until they check you in in a little back room with a desk. I guess they did not have the space for a standard lobby and also it is trendy (I guess).Yes, the lighting in the hallways and elevators is dim, intentionally. It's no biggie. It's that kind of place.I had a corner room that was all windows, very nice touch, although there isn't much of a view. The bed and sheets were EXTREMELY comfortable by hotel standards. Like all NYC rooms, there isn't room for much more than the bed. They have a pop up flat screen tv, a small armoire, an Ikea style desk, and a small upholstered chair. I liked the book selection in the room, although I didn't have time to take advantage. There were probably 30 books in the room of varying types. I didn't love the carpet, it is that indoor/outdoor utility stuff. Not very plush. But overall the room was comfortable.The bathroom was done in a dark slate and chrome motif. Frosted windows up near the ceiling provided natural light. Small vanity with not much room for your products; again, its NYC. Very sparse/chic. As others have mentioned, there is an issue with water leaking out from under the shower door, but again no biggie. The shower products were above average and smelled great. There is a selection of three robes; large terrycloth, medium cotton, and sexy little silky robe. I confess the terrycloth might have come home with me, I loved it.Overall, the room was cute and comfortable, not luxurious, but stylish, and immaculate since the hotel has just opened. Turndown service at night with a complimentary piece of fruit and a cloth for your feet by the bed. The &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign is actually a small silk pillow on a string. One side is black and the other is red. I was somewhat confused which side meant stay out! Funny. I think it was the red side. Anyway, had no problems with that.The elevators are small and the staff do ride with you in them, sometimes with big laundry carts. There is a little leather bench in the elevators, nice I guess if you are pass out drunk after partying. The hotel has a nice restaurant (for a hotel) with outdoor seating, and a large indoor/outdoor bar/nightclub on the second floor. I didn't get to partake, but I did walk through it during the day and it was gorgeous and a very cool atmosphere. Would definitely check it out.All in all, this place is a winner. You can't beat the location and it has atmosphere and charm to spare. A few little kinks need to be worked out, but hey they just had their soft opening. I think they will make it work, especially since there are really no other options in the area. I'm definitely staying there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Hidden Gem!	I really liked this hotel.The location is great, tucked far enough away, but a brisk walk or subway/cab ride from all the activities. The staff was professional &amp; friendly. They really tried hard. This is not your typical hotel, it's small and mysterious. There's no lobby, the staff check you in as you walk in the door. The rooms are small (really small) but it more than makes up for it with the floor to ceiling windows (beautiful view). The beds are beyond comfortable. I slept really, really well! The bathroom is chic. A little dark, but I think that was the intent. This really is a great hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	With hip chic and cool designs but not with satisfying service	We stayed here for two nights.When arrival, somebody in the sidewalk came to us and opend the door for us. Since he did not seem to be wearing suits or an uniform, we didn't recognize that he was actually working for the hotel and first we were a little bit guarded.Due to the tireness from our late flight, we didn't remind the checking-in person about our room type. And they mistakenly gave us a smoking room. The tireness and busy schedule in the city kept me from asking about the smell until late night. When I finally made the call, the front desk was not able to tell me whether this was really a smoking room. The night manager did offer a room change or a spread, but we were too tired to do that and were uncomfortable letting somebody in to move our stuff. We also bought a lot of heavy books in this trip, too. I just wasn't convinced that a hotel could make such a mistake, and the front desk didn't know room type.Besides this major flaw, some other conversations or encounters were not extremely comfortable or pleasant in terms of the price of this hotel. It was not that their attitude was bad, but they did act like a bunch of amateurs.Also, I was surprised to know that they don't have any scale for the guests to weigh luggages. Perhaps nowadays people all travel light or this hotel is not built for a little bit longterm international travelors.Citterio's design is of course very good, soothing and refreshing. The color palette is a subdued one, with grey, dary grey, white and stained solid oak. Curtain wall windows are very nice, too, whcih a lot of grand hotels couldn't have.Yet I do have to complain about the lighting in the elevators. They are too dimmed that even I have a hard time reading the numbers. The shower always has a water puddle, even with all these beautiful glass and ceramic tiles and chrome-plated fixtures. The haligen light bulbs in the bathroom are too hot when shine on anything, although the sink ones are turnable. The doors still make noises. You can hear them while in the room. This is not standard for this price level.For a hotel to be comfortable, sometimes the service is still top priority.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great stay at the Cooper Square	Very friendly staff (morning staff friendlier than night staff), and a very dog friendly hotel! Great hotel if you are traveling with a pet! They offer room service for your dog also dog walking services. Very modern hotel however the room is cozy, comfortable and the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. The location of this hotel is great and has a neighborhood feel to it. Check out the second floor patio a great spot to grab a drink and lounge. Or call Lombardi’s world famous pizza and have them delivered it to the patio and just chill out. We didn’t eat in the restaurant however it was very busy and at night gets crowded with the bar scene. Also for a great breakfast head two blocks up to B Bar and Grill for a wonderful brunch. If you are looking for great places to eat just talk to the staff and they can recommend some really great places. Overall it was a great stay and the next time we come back to NYC we will stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Too Cool For School	Mixed feelings about this hotel. Love the sleek ultra-modern look of it, annoyed by the details. Examples: confusing entrance--no sign, no street number, entry door at a weird angle to the street; no visible front desk, odd check-in process; halls and elevators cave-like in their dimness; inadequate, very hot halogen fixture over the sink; non-functional light in the shower; room phone with indecipherable controls; turndown service that leaves one unripe plum instead of the usual chocolates; hair dryer, slippers, and extra roll of TP all in silly little drawstring bags; 3 robes in 3 different fabrics--really, now! My reaction: they're trying too hard to be hip and different--too cool for school.The good things: friendly, efficient personnel; great roomy shower with lovely big head, smooth controls, and perfect water pressure; comfortable bed with wonderful pillows; very clean and quiet; convenient location in a good neighborhood.My advice: don't stay here if the kind of annoying details noted above would spoil for you what is otherwise a very nice hotel. They spoiled it for me.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great front desk staff but everything else a mixed bag.	We stayed in The Cooper Square Hotel in June 2009 because it was the most affordable but nice hotel for the price we could find around our favorite area in NYC - the Greenwich Village/SoHo/LES area.After flying from California we got to the hotel in the late afternoon. Our cab driver didn't know where the hotel was so we went a bit out of our way. Also, be warned that there is also no sign outside the hotel but luckily we recognized the building from far away from its picture. It certainly is an incongruous additional to the lower Manhattan skyline.The Good - The front desk and downstairs staff was (mostly) incredible. They were friendly and always went out of their way to help. Once my husband stopped to ask if we could get a DVD player in our room and one of the passing downstairs personnel heard the conversation and stopped and volunteered. The &quot;mostly&quot; comes about because the night staff at the front desk always seemed a bit more brusque and harried--perhaps because they were also juggling the nightclub scene. The bed was indeed as dreamy as all the other reviews have said--a mattress topper on TOP of a pillowtop mattress. Water pressure in the room was great and the double-paned windows did an amazing job of blocking out most of the noise. However, if you're in a lower room do beware that it's a busy street and until construction is done next door at the Cooper Union building the trucks can be quite noisy. If you need utter silence bring earplugs.The Bad - However, the housekeeping staff seemed nowhere near as well-trained as the &quot;front of the house&quot; staff. In fact, our experiences were a bit odd. The first night we noticed that the Do Not Disturb sign (which is a hip red/black leather bag, which from our experiences, seems to get stolen often) was missing from our room. We called the front desk to ask for one and she said she'd send housekeeping up. It didn't happen after about 45 minutes so I called again. She brusquely swore she had told housekeeping but said she'd do so again. Well, the Do Not Disturb did finally arrive, but they just hung it on the door without knocking so we wouldn't have known unless I opened the door to check. That was rather clumsy start to our stay, but there was no way of knowing how much of it was the front desk and how much was housekeeping. The other oddities were definitely housekeeping though. The 2nd night we came back after turn-down and they had left two oranges. My husband ate one but I wasn't interested in trying to tear at the rind without a knife so I didn't eat mine. Every night thereafter they only left one pieces of fruit. We didn't care, since we were usually stuffed from dinner, but I gathered that after the first night they just assumed only one person was staying there or something without checking? (Two toothbrushes notwithstanding?) The third night for turndown they left a towel at the side of the bed. In most hotels they usually have slippers on said towel if they're to do that but there were no slippers at all. Just a neat towel as if, I don't know, I was supposed to use it to say my prayers? Next night one pair of slippers appeared, but not on the towel. Instead, they were under the wardrobe?! Curiouser and curiouser. Finally the next night both towel and slippers were in their proper places but still only one pair even though there were two of us staying in the room--which I would have assumed housekeeping could have easily verified even if the dual toothbrushes weren't a tip-off. The last day we were there, we spend a few hours in the late afternoon in our room, whereupon housekeeping knocked three times--once because she had thought she'd left cleaning supplies and twice to check if our room had been cleaned. Don't they have a system to check with each other? Oh yes, and no matter how many times I turned up the heater they would turn it down (including the night I came back and found the thermostat set to 45 degrees F. I kid you not.) They finally figured it out on the 2nd to the last day.I've stayed in other hotels where they've meticulously trained the &quot;front of the house&quot; staff but not the &quot;back of the house&quot; which always amazes me since that colors one's experience sometimes more than the front of the house. (Someday I'd also like to discover another hotel, like the one I experienced once in Canada, where they kept tabs of the guests so well that as soon as you went to breakfast they whisked up and fixed your room so you never came back from an afternoon of sightseeing to still find they hadn't cleaned your room. Oh well; I couldn't count on that even at the Peninsula Bangkok...) Also, as a tip, if you do come back to your room in the afternoon to a cleaned room and you don't have a Studio or larger room, you won't be able to lounge on the bed. They wipe down the top of the duvet cover with presumably some disinfectant, and it takes well over an hour to dry.Other Details - Yes, the rooms are tiny. The square footage alone doesn't begin to describe the reality. We'd booked a Cooper 3 but when we got there we decided there was no way we could spend a week in that room. There was just enough room to move around the bed and the wardrobe had no space to even store a suitcase. I also have a sneaking suspicion we got one of the worst of the Cooper 3 rooms because we had gotten a great deal on Hotels.com--though no way to prove it of course. The website says &quot;most&quot; of these rooms have window seats but ours certain didn't and neither did it have a tub. The bathroom looked like it could barely fit the sink, toilet, and shower it had. It definitely looked nothing like the spacious bathroom photo they used for the Cooper 1, 2, 3, or 4 they have on their site. I couldn't imagine how cramped a Cooper 1 or 2 would be. We ended up accepting their offer to upgrade to a Cooper 4 (at $100 a more a night, which made it quite a bit more than if we booked a Cooper 4 to begin with) just out of sheer weariness. A Cooper 4 is a corner room with a larger entryway, and enough room for a larger wardrobe and a small table and lounge chair, but it's still small. The Hotel on Rivington rooms are small as well, but they seem massive in comparison.The TV was great, as was the iPod station. (Although if you have another kind of mp3 player be sure to bring your own connection.)There's not a lot of room around the bathroom sink to spread out your stuff, so bring an amenities kit you can hang. In the Cooper 4 we had three bathrobes--two terry and a silk. I don't remember the Cooper 3 having as many choices.The area, as I said, is our absolute favorite. St. Marks Place, with its numerous restaurants and our favorite Chinese massage/reflexology place is two blocks away. The closest subway is about 4-5 blocks.Would I stay there again? Not sure. If the price is right, maybe, given how few choices are in the immediate area unless we go back to the Lower East Side. (The Bowery Hotel, another block down, seems promising but their prices never seem to come down for even their smallest room.) Certainly now I know what to expect if I stay there again, and would make sure about booking a larger room and calling ahead to clearly ask about the room amenities. From the reviews, it also seems like they've continued to refine the hotel since they've opened so maybe the next time we won't experience any glitches.I know this sounds like a negative review but it's really more of a mixed one. Most of our stay was positive. I just remember reading a magazine interview with the guy who opened the hotel who talked about trying to bring a new level of service with The Cooper Square. I suppose I expected service closer to an Asian hotel as a result, but what we got was just as eclectic as with many of the hipper hotels I've been to---the Hotel on Rivington, W, Morgans, etc.	
Jun 29 2009 	Location location location	We stayed four nights at CSH before we left the US after three and half weeks on the road. Reasons to stay here were basically the location and the chance to get a room with a view as the building overtops all others nearby.Upon arrival, check in was quick, professional and supportive. As booked, we got a nice corner room on the 10th floor with a view towards Cooper Square and the Empire State Building. Room wasn´t overwhelmingly spacious but had almost top to floor windows which creates a nice, light-flooded atmosphere and stands in necessary contrast to the extremely dark hallways of the hotel. Very comfortable bed, huge tv set with 300 channels+ and a very nice looking bathroom. Not much room to store stuff though. What needled me a bit was the pretented stylish appliances and furniture. At first sight all looked quite chic and in high quality - but a second look made clear, that things are a) far from being something special - top notch IKEA-ish at its best and b) not made for durability. I.e. one lightbulp in the bathroom sizzled all the time due to a very questionable design and construction of the lamp. Certainly not the sound you want to hear when electricity and humidity are involved. Issue could not be solved by the electrician of the hotel. Some of the furniture with its black surface will suffer soon from usage and will look worn out next year latest. Solid restaurant on site, nice bar and terrace but with a strange &quot;embedding&quot; into the neighborhood. I can understand why there has been some trouble around this building in the Village...Overall: Excellent location to discover the area, very comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms. Try to spend some extra dollar to get a corner room on floor 12+ within the next 12 months and you will have a nice stay.	
Jun 28 2009 	Absolutely Disgusting!!	I stayed @ The Cooper on 27 June 2009---The hotel was so awful, with dirty, deeply uninspiring rooms &amp; an utterly pretentious staff, that I checked out the same night!!! Never once have I done this is a hotel.....To begin, there is a strong lack of staff @ the hotel----the whole 5 hr's that I was in this hole in the wall, I maybe saw 2 people actually working---the bellman, Nelson, showed me to the room, after I waited forever in the lobby for someone to ask me my last name..there is no actual check-in desk &amp; they have random bell people in the lobby who bring you the room key---no credit card swipe, no I.D. request, NOTHING---very odd, extremely unsafe &amp; really unheard of.....I had requested to have a tub in the room &amp; called several times to make sure this would happen-----of course the room didn't have a tub!!----figures......my first room (floor 10, room 7)..was really hot, had pubic hair in the bathroom, a dead bug inside of the washcloth, a tattered sink, dusty floors, poor design, the mini bar refrigerator was hot, stains near the bed---the bed was AWFUL-----the mattress was terrible----the showers do not close all the way, water leaks everywhere----the lighting in the bathroom is insanely bad, one of the lights wasn't working, the robes are an utter joke----they were all Extra small sizes---so it seemed---they were like mini robes---terrible!---also one robe was missing-----the room was really tiny(i know this is NYC--I live here &amp; I'm quite accustomed to small spaces, but the room really only had a bed---it overtakes the vast majority of the room-----the hotels website advertises fresh flowers in the room---they were never placed in the room----I requested turndown service---never happened----They are supposed to offer drinks &amp; snack on arrival while you wait----NEVER happened-----The staff was really rude----Samantha was so uppity &amp; really seemed like she could have cared less about my problems----her only offer was to send Housekeeping to the room to re-service it-----she was inexperienced &amp; obviously has no interest in her guests------She told me the hotel was fully committed &amp; that she couldn't move me-----Miraculously, once I complained to Allison, the manager, I was moved to a Cooper 3, as I was told I was upgraded to a Cooper 5 room----yeah, ok---maybe It was an upgrade but the view was terrible &amp; I was only on the 10th floor----they could have done so much better........Alena, (I beleive this was her name) had attitude, just like Samantha---Allison moved me, saw the first room, was trying to make small talk (oh where do you live, any special plans for tonight,-------------she was like &quot;oh my goodness&quot; that is a bug in your wash cloth---&quot;?!?!?!.....she just seemed fake, NEVER checked on me in my second room)---the second room was floor 10, room 1-----the room was pathetic, but It was cleaner------The view was even worse (*not that I cared)-----This room had the noisiest A/C----it made a ticking sound every 5 minutes that was sooo loud-----the bed was way too soft for me, as were the pillows........$265 was so not worth all of this trouble........So to conclude, the rooms have NO plugs for phones or charges, etc......the rooms were gross &amp; I arrived at 7PM &amp; checked out at 12:45AM --the a/c was too loud &amp; it was soo late(wasn't about to call engineering, etc)-----it was that bad---so I just checked out!!! I went back home to my apartment where I was better off that at thia utter nightmare of a hotel----Scott, the day manager, ending up only charging me 1/2 of the original rate----he was nice, but I don't really feel like I should have had to pay, but I work in the hotel industry in NYC &amp; know this is the norm----I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE CSH OR RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE-----HANDS DOWN, THE WORST HOTEL IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK----I was so disgusted with this pathetic excuse of a hotel-----go to The Standard or Smyth instead--both amazing hotels in NYC!!! Honestly, I haven't made any of this up-----do yourself a favor &amp; go elsewhere---NY is filled with amazing hotels, so don't waste time @ the joint......Patrick/NYC28 June 2009	
Jun 25 2009 	After staying at Cooper Square I won't stay anywhere else in NYC!	I just got back from a five night stay at the Cooper Square in June while I was in town for work and I loved every minute of it! Before moving to London last year, I used to live in the East Village (about four blocks from the Cooper Sq) for nine years so I have always loved the neighborhood. Since moving, I have had to come back to NYC for work three times before this trip and every time I've stayed at a different hotel because there was always something missing. Thankfully, the Cooper Square has it all for me so I don't have to think about staying anywhere else! Besides a fantastic location close to tons of wonderful restaurants and bars and a very quick walk to the 6 train, the bed has to be the best hotel bed I've ever slept in (better then the Heavenly Bed!). The pillowtop is ridiculously thick, the sheets are so soft and the pillows are perfect - not too hard and not too soft. Beware though, it's so cozy you won't want to get out of bed!I had a nice corner room that faced south with floor to ceiling windows and had a ton of great light even though I was only on the 6th floor and it was pretty cloudy/rainy during my stay. Not a huge room but certainly spacious for NYC standards. And the bathroom was really great - huge glass shower with great water pressure and a beautiful separate tub that I'm sure would have been lovely if I had the time to use it. I loved the TV in the room - was a 42 inch (or thereabouts) Sony LCD and it had Time Warner Cable with hundreds of channels!There is no gym in the Cooper Square but they give you guest passes to the NY Health and Raquet Club across the street/square which I actually prefer as you get all the amenities of a full fledged gym with classes and everything as opposed to a dinky room where half the equipment is broken. All this for $240 a night can't be beat!!! I can't wait to go back when I'm in town for work next month where hopefully the weather will be nicer to be able to enjoy the rooftop and patio dining options!	
Jun 17 2009 	cooper square we will stay again	we only stayed one night 5/30/09.the hotel was unique the staff friendly,very very clean.we recommend to any one,the re was no front desk yet,still being worked on but you don't miss the desk because the staff was right there and very helpful.sharon&amp;brian toms river,nj.	
Jun 4 2009 	Confusion reigns	We are lifetime New Yorkers living in the country for the past two years. We're only 100 miles away so we can go into NY for the day but we often stay overnight. We usually don't splurge on a fairly expensive hotel for this purpose. But it was my husband's birthday, so it seemed like an opportunity for a special night. I picked this hotel for it's downtown location (we used to live in Tribeca). We also selected CSH for the modern architecture that is very attractive, sort of like a glass prow of a ship.From minute one, I worried. We couldn't find the front door! There were three different small canopies and no signs at all. They were apparently having a Bentley promotion there that night and the cars were pulled right up to the doors. It was as if everyone were distracted by the cars and setting up for the party. Rental chairs on carts were being wheeled through the front door! How could management allow this kind of chaos in the middle of the day? I think this shows complete disregard for guests. There were so many people milling around that we couldn't tell who the doorman was. There is also no check in counter. A terrific corporate idea, but in reality, we just didn't know where to go.NY has too many terrific places to stay where we feel welcome. Clearly, we don't expect to try here again.	
May 31 2009 	Great design... EXCELLENT service... unique experience... small room... unique experience	I stayed here three nights for pleasure (followed by two nights in a different hotel for business) ... I would highly recommend this for someone who would like a stylish modern hotel with superior service in a convenient area (but it may be out of the way for someone who is looking for the Time Square/Broadway show type of experience).Here is a summary:- Interesting check in experience; there is no front desk. It is done well and it is unique, as far as I know.- All of the staff that I encountered was very helpful... they are doing a good job training them since every single person I encountered was quite young.- Breakfast (complementary) was very nice.... self serve --- i usually pass by the hotel breakfast to go out to eat but in this case I ate granola and had fruit before going out to my more decadent breakfast --- but if I would have been more than content having my full breakfast at the hotel. (though some of the pastries appeared to be a little old) Btw, they had coffee (no espresso) but it was great for brewed coffee.- Close to the subway. If you like exploring the city and are able to get around easily, it is conveniently located.-Wonderfully designed rooms - modern. The bathrooms were a treat ---- if you are shy, don't worry, no one outside can view you from the bathroom windows even though there are no blinds. -One possible problem is that the rooms are fairly small (according to the layout I had one of the smaller rooms #1710) --- Mine was a queen size room and with the two of us, there wasn't a lot of room to put our stuff. If I were there alone, however, there would have been plenty of space. I did not see any other rooms so this may not be an issue in a King size room.- Quiet.... I did not hear any outside noise.	
May 30 2009 	European modernsmall rooms minimalist stylegreat service	This hotel is very unique and opened in Dec 08 so they are still working out the kinks. Check the room size before you book. If you are the slightest bit clostrophobic make sure you get one of the larger rooms.The smaller rooms have no room for luggage, not much closet space and only room for 1 very sm night stand.The larger rooms are slightly better but still small by US standards.Make sure someone explains how things work (radio,a/c,clock etc) since they are minimalistic and there are NO directions.The bathrooms have no storage room so be prepared.There are 2 hooks on the wall for hanging things. The hotel is dark (take a flash light for the elevators). Access doors and signage don't exist. Ask staff to show you especially if you are hunting for the rest rooms which are in the basement and are not marked.The BIG positives are the staff who are very friendly and helpful.The beds are sensational and the shower was great. Located within a brief walk to Greenwich Village, SOHO,Little Italy,China Town and the lower East Side.The bar in the hotel is very poorly stocked. Forget about the top brands and expect them to be out of menu items. Give this hotel some time to get things working and it could be a good choice but for now, be careful.	
May 20 2009 	Two very happy stays recently at Cooper Square	Normally I'm not too fond of very modern style, but hotel very good looking, sparing Zen-ish design, good attention to all features. Good shower and tub, wifi works fine, location is great. I'll be staying there again, will be a regular for lower Manhattan trips.	
May 18 2009 	A cooper stay!	I had originally booked another hotel which was due to open in april. The other hotel happened not te be ready to host guest upon my arrival and they had relocated me at The Cooper Square Hotel.Stay:Fabulous! Thanks to the hotel, it's location, facilities and mainly for the staff!Rooms:Amazing! We had a room on the 19th floor in the corner with a dual view over lower Manhattan! A breathtaking view!Location:Very convenient! In a great neighboorhood with lots of happening, very vibrant and close to several subway station at walking distance.Staff:Great people! We had encountered a few problems during our stay but the staff always took the time to listen and understand the problems. At some point our room was not ready by 5pm. I sat down with the duty manager and discussed what happened. My friend was writing her postcards and the manager offered us a glass of champagne while waiting for the room and also took care of our postcards.Later in the room the bed was dirty and wet, the manager came up right away and changed the bed with only a few minutes! We have been offered a bottle of wine as a compensation.It's not the gifts that count the most but the personal investment. Taking time of her job to talk to the customer and value them was what made me satisfied!One thing is sure: They know how to treat guests!A great thank you to all the staff! You guys made me wanna come back for sure!!!	
Apr 18 2009 	A brilliant stay!	We stayed for 3 nights over easter, picked hotel mainly due to location as have done midtown and wanted something a bit different. Location was great could walk to greenwich, soho, little italy etc all very easily from hotel.Hotel itself was very modern, room was small but you are in New York. Bed was sooo comfy, big shower, great view, housekeeping were very good as well. Bar was quite small but staff nice and friendly and drinks generous. Would definately stay here again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location Amazing Views!	We stayed for 5 nights at the CSH. We visit NYC at least every 4 months. We usually stay at the 70 Park Ave or at the Muse, which has bigger rooms, however, the Cooper was an excellent choice for my wife and I; Walking distance to shops, restaurants, and bars. It was the perfect location for us. The room was a tad small but the view was amazing. The ambiance is fresh and new with amazing attention to details. We stayed in a Cooper 3 with one King room, on the 17th floor with a view of the Empire State. The reservation specialist met all our needs. Make sure, if you are on a higher floor, that you get a room away from elevators. They rent out the Penthouse floor for special events which can get fairly loud. We didn’t have such problem, but when taking the elevator we could clearly hear the noise. Their restaurant is not open yet, but it should open in May, I think. The staff can arrange for food, however, from nearby eateries. Their 2nd floor lounge/bar is now open; a nice spot to start your evening in the city. The staff does not get any better: extremely professional, friendly, and helpful. I was very pleased with my stay here. Other than the room being a little small for my taste and for the money, everything else was excellent. Oh, if you are just ready to get to your room as soon as you get there, it will not happen. Instead, you’ll have a glass of wine, champagne, martini, or whatever drink you want prior to. Very nice idea…so just relax and enjoy!	
Apr 10 2009 	I would NOT recommend this hotel.	Let me start off by saying that this is a very beautiful and stylish hotel. As you are nearing the new property it immediately draws your eye. A tall, sleek hotel towering above many lower buildings nearby. The lobby and sitting area on the first floor are well designed and comfortable. The rooms are small but comfortable and the higher floors offer great views. The restaurant is not quite finished yet. There is still a lot of construction going on in the areas outside the hotel but that didn't seem to effect us much. As I said it is a beautiful hotel, but that alone is not what makes a hotel stay enjoyable. It is the way in which you are treated by its staff. This is where the hotel is struggling tremendously to say the least.I originally booked online a Cooper 3 Room for the night of April 4th. My partner and I were staying in the city over the weekend for our anniversary. I had called the hotel a few weeks prior to confirm our reservation and request a higher floor with a shower/bathtub combo. About a week before our stay I had decided to upgrade to a Cooper 5 Corner Room. I had again called the hotel a couple days prior to check-in to confirm the upgrade and to request a separate shower and bathtub instead of the shower/bathtub combo. This time I felt as if the woman on the phone was short and a bit annoyed with my request, but I decided to disregard it. We valeted the car with the hotel around 1:00PM on April 4th. They took our bags and told us the room was not quite ready but they would give us a call as soon as it was. I gave them my cell phone number and we went for a walk to grab some lunch and explore the neighborhood. After receiving no call from the hotel we decided to just go back as it was now 3:30PM and check-in was at 3:00PM. Once we got there we waited a few minutes then they showed us to our room on the 10th floor. I was a immediately a little disappointed by this seeing as how I requested a higher floor and the Cooper 5 Corner Rooms are on floors 9-20. I felt as if they could have done better then the 10th floor. We were then showed our room and the first thing I notice was a shower/bathtub combo unlike the separate shower and bathtub as I had requested. We were not satisfied with the room. My partner went down to the lobby to speak to someone about changing rooms. He was told that they would see what they could do and that someone would get back to us shortly. About an hour went by with no response, so he went down again so talk to someone. Again he was told they would see what they could do and someone would get back to us. Again no one did. Getting nowhere we eventually just gave up and got comfortable in our room. That night we had requested a preloaded iPod for the docking station that was in the room. The iPod did not work and when we told the staff they informed us that there was no more to replace it. Upon checkout the next day we were asked how our stay was. We informed them how unhappy we were with our room and our experience with the staff. The woman told us she would inform her manager to see what they may be able to do for us so that we would want to return in the future. Again we left our number and again no one ever got back to us. A couple days after checkout a charge appeared from the hotel for $22.00. I called the hotel to inquire about the charge and was told it was for usage of the mini bar. I told her we had not taken anything from the mini bar and to please remove the charge. She told me she would see what she could do and that someone would get back to me shortly. Absolutely not! No one in the hotel had gotten back to us on anything, why would that change now. I demanded to speak to a manager to have this taken care of right away. I was eventually transferred to the manager and told her about the way we had been treated over the weekend. She did not seem to care about this. While I was telling her about my experience she seemed to try and speak over me to say that charge would be gone within the hour and was quick to get off the phone with me. It's been over 24 hours now and the $22.00 charge is still there. I have never been so frustrated with any hotel as I am with The Cooper Square.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location	We stayed at the Cooper Square hotel March 28 &amp; 29, 2009. Location is great - East Village near NYU. Place is very new and very, very chic and trendy . No front desk -- instead they seat you in the lounge and give you a drink while a host checks you in and makes sure the room is ready, which was confusing at first, but really very nice and civilized. Rooms were pretty spacious for NY and very clean, but it would have been nice to have a soft chair to sit in to read. Beds have good reading lights and thick &quot;pillow top&quot; mattresses -- softer than I generally prefer but very nice. Bathroom had lots of space for toilettries, etc., but the lighting was terrible for putting on make-up (but very attractive, trendy lighting fixture!) Overall, the halls and elevators are kept very dim, which may be trendy but makes it hard for those of us with aging eyes to see which floor button to push in the elevator! I would have traded some of the aestetics for more light. Biggest gripes were the lack of internet service that weekend and the lack of any available plugs into which a computer could be plugged in -- either the desk lamp or the phone had to be unplugged if you wanted to sit at the desk and plug in your computer. (A second room was configured differently, and I think may have had a plug close enough to reach the desk). May seem like a small gripe, but for a business traveler, no internet and no plugs is not a small deal. Although this was a leisure trip, I did have work to do and so I had to go to the local Starbucks in order to do it! (There are two within a few blocks, and one stays open until midnight -- but I would have preferred not to have had to know this.) Could also brush up on the maid service. Our room was not made up until after 4 p.m. even though we had been out all day and at no time during our two day visit did the maids take away the empty glasses we had carried up from our welcoming drink.The continental breakfast had a terrific assortment of food including yogurt, cheese and meats, fresh juices, good coffee and good service, but it is served in the bar. So after taking your food from the buffet you had to perch on trendy, low, little stools and if you used the teeny cocktail table for your coffee cup, then only your lap was available for the plate. There were also two sofa &quot;pits&quot; with coffee tables but they were occupied both days (prime locations, so they went fast!). They are working on the hotel so hopefully the future will include a more comfortable spot to enjoy the delicious breakfast.Notwithstanding the drawbacks, I would recommend the hotel because it was a good deal in a great location and trying very hard. There were a multitude of &quot;hosts&quot; milling around and anxious to help and they were very friendly (and apologetic for the lack of internet service). Hotel offers valet parking for $45 a night (no in and out).	
Mar 29 2009 	The Place To Stay In NYC!	I loved this hotel! When we checked in (at noon on a Friday) they greeted us and immediately took us up to our Cooper 5, which is a corner king room. We entered the room and the first thing I saw was the most glorious soaking tub I have ever seen! The bathroom was cozy and chic at the same time. The shower that held the soaking tub was tiled floor to ceiling in the most beautiful blue glass tile and the shower and bath fixtures were easy to operate. It was a bath to feel pampered in. They provided Red Flower bath products with a wonderfully musky aroma and a fabulous ceramic hair dryer. There was a large assortment of towels~ I hate running out of towels in a hotel! Then, as we stepped around the corner I saw the sweeping view of the skyline; we could see from the Brooklyn Bridge all the way around the room to the Empire State Building! There were sheers and blackout drapes on the windows so you could have natural light, complete darkness or a magnificent wrap around view. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, our fabulous helper Klausen informed us that there was a window we could have opened for fresh air!!!! The bed, a king sized oasis, took up most of the room. Apparently the hotel recently replaced all of the feather beds after receiving complaints that the others were prickly. The bed itself was super comfortable and my only complaint was that the pillows were all king-sized and super fluffy, which made it a bit hard to get cozy. The mini bar was entertaining to explore, with everything from your own personal oxygen tank to a wide assortment of top shelf liquors. There were snacks and drinks to choose from with typical honor bar pricing. Each night we arrived back at our room to a turned-down bed and a plate with fresh fruit on the bedside table. Now for the wonders outside of the room..... In the mornings we were treated to a scrumptious continental breakfast on the second floor. There were freshly squeezed juices, coffee, bottled Fiji water, pastries, bagels, fresh fruit, granola, yogurt....it was heaven!!! In the lobby (the Living Room) there was a fireplace that was always ablaze, an assortment of daily papers and a library of books from which to choose. There was also an honor bar and complimentary nuts, almonds, cheese and pretzels set out on tables around the room. It was absolute bliss to pop in and have a quick snack by the fire, warming up before heading to the room or back out to explore the city. The staff was top notch, many of them calling us by name over the course of our 4 day visit. Someone was always there to answer questions, help you with a computer or print out directions and information. As there is no in-house restaurant to provide room service, they facilitate ordering in from an assortment of local places. It was amazing combination of funky boutique-chic and feeling completely at home. A wonderful experience and I will definitely return!	
Mar 8 2009 	Good but not yet great.	We stayed at Cooper square during their soft opening. Deskless check in is a neat concept and worked well for us, but I can see that it may have the potential for trouble. On being shown to our room on the 16th floor we were told that we had been upgraded from a Cooper 3 to a Cooper 5. The room was small but perfectly well formed and had a fantastic view. The staff were friendly and attentive but we had some problems with service. Specifically housekeeping. On our first day we returned to the room at approximately 7pm to get ready to go out for the evening to find that the room had not been serviced. A call to housekeeping had them up in under 5 minutes and they were finished before we could order a second glass of wine at the bar. There were a few other slight hiccups with housekeeping, but none that shouldn't work themselves out over time.There were a few construction noises in the mornings, and the sound from the hallways does make it into the rooms but it was nothing overly excessive. Breakfast was great. Pastries and good coffee from Balthazars served in the lobby made a good start to the day. The hotel was obviously not complete but it was by no means awkward or uncomfortable to be there during the soft open. I think that we'll be back.	
Mar 3 2009 	Boutique Sheik with Personal Touch	The hotel, while still slightly under-construction is one of the classiest hotels I've ever stayed at. I'm a major frequent traveler and have stayed in some of the nicer hotels from New York to Las Vegas to San Francisco. The Cooper Square staff beams from the moment you arrive at their massive solid wood doors. From Doorman Noel, to concierges Alicia, both Annies, and manager Allison, each employee has a vested interest in their guests (You can tell, as I remember each by name). Gracious common areas host modern yet natural appeal and welcome the discerning guest to mingle in comfort, complete with cocktails and appetizers. The room, slightly bigger than the typical Manhatten single, boast a host of ammentities - 40&quot; HD flat screen with HD programming, well stocked premium mini bars, iPod dock and one of the most comfortable bedding ensembles I've laid my head on (so much that I requested the trimmings to outfit my own bedroom). Sweeping corner room views of the Manhatten skyline make for an added bonus.Bathroom accents include glass encased shower and very deep European-styled separate tub. Red Flower of NY exclusively crafts a line of amenities called Wanderlust, that I can only describe as crisp, slightly masculine (think sandalwood or Burberry Brit) and wonderfully refreshing.The wonderful staff makes every effort to accommodate, any request, even reserving the hot new restaurant or club at a moments notice (I dined at Bagatelle with only 2 hours notice). I look forward to my return trip this fall and will not hesitate to book once again at this upcoming treasure on Bowery Street!	
Mar 3 2009 	Beautiful comfortable hotel with wonderful staff and great views.	We were delighted with the whole experience of the Cooper Square Hotel. The staff was incredibly welcoming and pleasant, and we felt at home the whole weekend. Having a &quot;living room&quot; instead of a lobby was charming and comfortable. We had a suite on a high floor and the views of the city just took your breath away. There's even a window high up in the bathroom where you watch the twinkling lighted bridges at night. The bed was amazing and fitted with the most elegant linens. The &quot;soft opening&quot; means the restaurant is not open yet, but the lounge was a great place to meet friends for a drink, as is the living room. We can't wait to return in the warm weather.	
Feb 23 2009 	Extremely Friendly Not Quite Running On All Cylinders Yet	The pros: the beds are AMAZING. The most comfortable beds I have EVER slept on. The employees are very, very friendly -- possibly too friendly if you're used to more deferential treatment or are the sort of person who hates it when waiters try and make conversation with you at restaurants. (I didn't mind.) Fantastic and ample FREE breakfast -- bagels, nice pastries, yogurt, cereals, coffee, juices, cheeses. Really nice. The restaurant isn't open yet (and won't be for a long time by the looks of it) but there is room service, which is essentially delivery from local places, but good variety and prices. The location is decent, but the cab drivers will NOT know where you are going -- tell them Bowery btween 5th and 6th. Nice free wireless -- and the view from my room was AMAZING.The cons: the rooms are really small. Fine for me alone, but this isn't a place I'd stay with my husband, because we'd have no room for our stuff. The room is essentially just a bed. I got a low price due to the soft-opening, but if they in fact are charging $450-$600 a night, that is lunacy and totally not worth it. Only 2 of 3 elevators are working. The staff is, as I said, SUPER friendly, but not incredibly competent (someone brought a package to my room which had been dropped off for me, and they had actually opened it). There is no front desk, which is supposed to be friendly, but is actually just weird -- if you are getting messages or packages delivered, it's confusing. I was charged for a ton of honor bar items I didn't eat, but they were very willing to address that. The lighting in the bathroom is TERRIBLE. You will not be able to do your make-up in there, period. I wouldn't mind staying at the Cooper Square again -- the neighborhood is really fun and the people are extremely friendly -- but the kinks aren't quite ironed out yet. I'd be interested to stay there again in about six months.	
Feb 16 2009	Still under construction yet pretentious	Not only is the hotel still under construction, but there are construction projects to the left, right and front of the hotel. Then behind it is a noisy backyard of tenement buildings, complete with clotheslines and hanging dirty mops. Construction workers start yammering and banging outside at 7 am.	
Feb 14 2009 	Loved the urban treehouse!	Fresh from the swank hotels of Southeast Asia we flew into NYC to visit friends and family. We stayed here not knowing what to expect--we loved it! Felt like we were still in SEA with the outstanding service. Ushered into the &quot;library&quot; from the frigid cold where we were offered a hot beverage and waited by the fire to be taken to our room. We stayed in a corner room looking east--attached are sunrise pictures from our bed. Outstanding. The location is awesome-- I actually used to live down the street- so it was nice to be home. Loved the book theme. All books were on sale and the proceeds go to a literacy non-profit! Very cool. Loved the lotions and the tub and showers. Liked that they provided a ipod deck and easy to use wireless--we always have our computers. The beds were SUPER comfy and so were the sheets. We're big bed people. And the staff/service was superb. We always felt taken care off. I'm psyched for my next summer visit, when the hotel will be finished-the garden and restaurant open and I can chill outside and take it all in.	
Feb 10 2009 	I couldn't wait to check out.	My absolute least favorite hotel in all time. And believe me there was a time in life when one star was the norm.This place is awful. What makes it most confusing is that it is a &quot;new design&quot; so architects and designers had every opportunity to make it nice. In each case they failed. The room designs are without any consideration to guest comfort. A classic example of form over function. There is literally no where to put clothes. The two drawers to put clothes are about the depth and height for silverware. The furniture is so IKEA and functionally so wrong. The desk is unusable except to store luggage...the TV table is totally the wrong height, the bed is awful, with attempts to cover the harshness with a feather bed pillow.....careful it is the pokiest one on the planet.The bathroom lighting is awful and the shower, although nice looking is nothing. Although it is the place in the room where you can turn around. The black sink is nice if you have a live in maid. With not a single hook to hang a towel, its amazing they decided it was cute to hang three bathrobes in the bathroom, when barely one slim person fits in the room period. A silly, silly attempt at being clever.The hallways are totally dark and depressing. Then there is the staff. LIke most hotels in NYC, the bellman are the nicest of the staff. But during my stay they all got blackberries for inter hotel communication and so now no one is ever looking up.The check in staff, with their clip boards, take forever. They read those clip boards like they were getting live feeds to the stock exchange. It seems they are trained to appear cooler than the rest of us.There is an OK breakfast buffet, but marginal at times. Pasteries dry and coffee hit or miss....Then there is the room noise level...i unfortunately was located near the elevators and could hear each arrival and departure. Be sure to locate far, far from the maid's closet, he or she slams that thing hundreds of times a day starting at 8.I gotta say, this place was torture.	
Jan 28 2009 	Cooper Square Hotel is the Place to Be!	My stay at The Cooper Square Hotel was truly magical. As I entered the massive double doors I felt like nobility being welcomed into a majestic castle. Before I knew it, I found myself in a cozy, chic library enjoying a drink and delicious hor d'ourves with a real fire crackling away in the fire place. I didn’t think it could get any better than that, but it did! My room was absolutely gorgeous. For the first few minutes, the only thing I could do was stare out the massive windows looking out over the city. The view was breath taking. The design of the room was inspired, capturing a quintessential chic elegance. I was excited to see a high quality iPod port, a huge, flat screened TV and a mini bar stocked for a king. And then there was the bathroom! The design of the shower area was fantastic. The walls were covered in twinkling deep blue tiles and the tub was long enough to lie down in and be completely submerged. The shower head had a luxuriously generous water flow and there was a line of blood orange bath products that smelled so good that I washed my hair twice. My favorite feature of the bathroom was a dimmer on the light switch; an effective tool to instantly create an intimate mood. And the bed, I mustn’t forget the bed. The deluxe mattress, combined with big fluffy pillows and an authentic down comforter made it feel like I was sleeping on a cloud.  The only thing I can think to criticize is that the light switch for the bed side lamps are hard to find. (It is a button, hidden in the base of the lamp!) The employees were very kind, helpful and never intrusive. The hotel is currently working on adding a restaurant, two bars and a garden space. I look forward to staying at The Cooper Square Hotel the next time I am in New York and I give it my highest recommendation.	
Jan 27 2009 	Form over Function	Although the hotel was in a soft-open status, we had high expectations and were excited to experience this brand new boutique. Unfortunately, we were sorely disappointed and felt misled by the glowing reviews of other “guests”.The stay began on a high note as we were able to check into our room at 9 AM after a red-eye flight from San Francisco. We were greeted by a friendly concierge who invited us to enjoy the breakfast spread before escorting us to our room. The fire in the library was a pleasant contrast to the frigid January temperature outside. The concierge walked us to our room where we waited for the bell hop to bring up the bags. The first impression of the room was the quaintness - not unexpected for New York City. The furniture attempts a minimalistic and modern appeal. It fails. It is one step up from Ikea. The desk’s screws were not tight enough as the desk shook when a bottle of wine was placed on its surface. The highlight of the room was the glass-tiled shower.Once we began to utilize the room did we realize how poorly designed the room was. The bell hop who demonstrated the functionality of the room (or lack thereof) was extraordinarily unprofessional. He proceeded to explain how to work the light switch (as well as how to easily break the light switch), and “yeah, the bathroom light isn’t very bright. Everyone’s been complaining about that”.After a long flight, we decided to relax and watch the morning news. The height of the table upon which the television sat explained that the designer of this room had not taken a second to think about how a guest would utilize the space. To change the channel while lying on the bed, one had to raise the remote over their head and point it down at the cable box. Moreover, we had never been in a hotel room which possessed a cable box. We found this a bit odd. Also, there is a lack of easily accessible plugs in the room. The impressive shower was quite the opposite in application. The designer/builder underestimated the clearance height needed for a thin bathmat, which, in turn, repetitiously got caught under the glass door. The shower tile grout around the drain was white; however the grout on the outer area of where water flowed was covered in black muck. This was disturbing considering the hotel had only been open for a month. The (second) concierge I mentioned this to asked to visit the room and immediately agreed that the shower’s cleanliness had most certainly not been maintained. The black sink was another chic but impractical design decision. The matte black surface revealed the lack of attention from the housekeeping staff through white water marks and soap residue.At a boutique hotel, especially one with so few guests, one would expect customized service. Even with the simplest attempts at this, the Cooper Square Hotel fell short. A letter left under the door to verify payment information had my name hand written correctly on the outside of the envelope, but misspelled within the typed letter. This lack of attention to detail epitomizes the overall experience. The clincher is that for the style of room and the service received - this room is extraordinarily overpriced. We booked the room through Quikbook and partially saved the pain of their egregious rates. Good luck to this new hotel. It is going to have a hard time making it considering the quality of service and the price it demands. We were happy to check out and move to the W in Union Square.P.S. if that made you short of breath, there is a canister of oxygen in the mini-bar available for $60 along with everything else in the room that is for sale.	
Jan 20 2009 	Don't be fooled by all the hype	Don't be fooled by the other reviews of this hotel. THIS HOTEL IS NOT FINISHED OR READY FOR GUESTS.We were booked through Quikbook for January 15th to the 18th in a &quot;high floor&quot; queen room. Upon arrival we were met by a very cordial clerk who took us up to the 8th floor and showed us a room that looked like a glorified dorm room, small, cheap furniture and facing an old brownstone building. There was no bathtub, only a cramped shower/toilet area.When we told him that the room was not exactly how it was presented by the Hotel or the representative I had spoken to on the telephone, we were taken to a second room which was the same if not worse and was also an additional $50 more per night.We were invited into the &quot;lounge area&quot; where they serve complimentary drinks and snacks, as the bar/restaurant is still not open, to await &quot;Scott&quot;, the manager. This &quot;lounge&quot; was unfinished. There was not a frame or mantle on the fireplace (basically a square cut in the wall) and the paint on the wall was not even completed.&quot;Scott&quot; came over and explained that we were booked into a discount room and that for an additional amount we could stay in a corner high room. When asked how much more he would not commit to a price instead suggested we wait until I check out the room to discuss the price.I was then taken up to the 8th floor for the third time and shown a little larger corner room overlooking the street. When I inquired as to why I was not shown rooms on a higher floor I was informed by the clerk that the rooms above 13 were not finished or ready for occupancy. When I stated that I had requested a high room with a tub he apologized (for about the 100th time) and stated he probably would not stay here either.I returned to the &quot;lounge&quot; and told &quot;Scott&quot; I was not going to stay in this hotel in the condition it was in and that we were going to my regular hotel, W TImes Square.&quot;Scott&quot; was professional about the situation and stated that he understood my concerns and he would not charge me for canceling (?????). I was encouraged to return at a later date when &quot;the soft opening&quot; was over.We then grabbed another cab and headed to the W where we were immediately upgraded to a 45th floor room for less than the second &quot;upgrade&quot; at Cooper Square would have cost.I do have to commend the staff at Cooper Square. They were without exception all friendly and very attentive.	
Jan 18 2009 	Excellent choice for NYC	This is a great hotel for a trip to Manhattan; especially if you're going to be spending any time in the Village. It's also a quick cab ride to Midtown and all of the theater's.It's not your typical hotel - there's no front desk. Instead you're greeted by an employee who will invite you to have a drink while they grab your room key. I checked in on a particularly cold and snowy night and there was a roaring fire near the bar; it was perfect.The room itself was very clean and modern. The lights took me a second to figure out but once I did it was a great place to stay. I love a good shower and the hotel had excellent water pressure and a steam shower built into the bathroom. There were plenty of towels in the bathroom, they did smell a tad bit like they'd been through an industrial laundry facility.The bed had a very comfortable down comforter and mattress. I could tell it was real because there was a feather or two that poked me; however, it wasn't bothersome or excessive. The views of the city were nice and made the room feel much bigger than it was. They've done a great job of turning a small space into a cozy space.There was a nice iPod / iPhone dock by the bed to charge your phone (or iPod) and play some tunes as well.The one minor complaint I had about the room was the lack of readily available electrical outlets. In this day and age, people are going to want to plug in a laptop and cell phone. My guess is as the hotel works through the opening kinks, they'll solve this issue. (There were plenty of outlets, it just took some time to find them and get a plug to them). Despite my fewer minor nit-picking items, this hotel is a great bet; especially for NYC. I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 28 2008 	Best New Hotel in NY	I travel a lot for work and as such I stay in hotels many times a month. Having experienced hotels in New York over the past ten years, I found The Cooper Square to be a breath of fresh air. Boutique hotels seem to follow a pattern in design and offerings. They're predictably comfortable but tend to blend into each. Not much character.Even unfinished, the attention to detail on the architecture and interiors is an inspiring start. The entrance is grand and the scale of the &quot;lobby&quot; (there really isn't on, only a library :) really hammers this home. A fun arrival experience, especially with no front desk or money exchanging hands. They serve you a drink instead and escort you to your room. Ask any of the staff (incredibly helpful and nice to talk to) what is being finished over the next couple months and you'll be coming back for sure.Can't wait to visit again after the new year. This is the next big winner in my book for NYC.	
Dec 16 2008 	Awesome boutique hotel!	We stayed at the Cooper Square on 12/12-12/14 - they &quot;officially&quot; opened on 12/11 - so, we were some of the first guests - definitely the first guests in our room. Overall, we were very, very impressed. The hotel is ultra-cool - very modern and upscale, yet comfortable and cozy (especially the library area with a fireplace). With all of the controversy surrounding the hotel's late opening, we weren't sure what to expect - but, the &quot;soft opening&quot; rates were so low, that we were willing to take a chance. We were very glad that we did. The hotel staff is still in training - so, they're very eager to help guests - and, they went out of their way to be sure that we had everything that we wanted. Some guests may find the staff a bit intrusive - at least until they understand how to be available without being &quot;in your face.&quot; Our room was beautiful. We had a corner room, facing Northwest - a great view of Cooper Square - especially at night. The decor was understated and elegant. And, the bed was one of the best we have ever had - better than any Ritz or Four Seasons bed - lots of pillows and an outstanding mattress. The bathroom was the best - awesome products - especially the shampoo (smelled like red oranges) and a very unique and cool design - we had a modern, claw-foot bathtub that &quot;floated&quot; in the middle of a huge shower area - nice touch. Some guests will think that the muted, dimmed bathroom lighting is annoying - but, it is very romantic and cool. Our floor only had 5 rooms - so it was quiet and intimate - almost like living in an exclusive apartment building. I almost forgot - the iPod docking station looks like a tiny speaker unit with no power - but, this wasn't the case - we docked our iPods and got amazingly rich sound throughout the room - a very nice touch (along with the books included in the room - and, old magazines). Finally, I have to mention - we love the neighborhood - the Cooper Square area is authentic New York - some guests won't like the feel of this area - so far south of Times Square and Mid-Town where all of the trendy shops are located. But, for those of you who are like us - you either like exploring authentic urban areas or you know the City well - the Cooper Square Hotel is in an ideal location. Lastly, I'll mention that they served cocktails, wine and champagne to guests this weekend and provided a very nice brunch (complimentary) - this may have been for the &quot;soft opening&quot; celebration - but, it was a very nice touch (along with the free passes to the New York City Athletic Club across the street from the hotel). In sum, I would highly recommend this hotel for couples who like contemporary, boutique hotels. In time, when the restaurant opens, when the suites on the top floors are available and when the staff settles in, this hotel will be awesome - at present, it is close to being a top notch boutique hotel - but, in a few months when it is in &quot;full swing,&quot; it will be even better.	
Nov 12 2009 	branché bien placé belle vue mais petites chambres		
Oct 28 2009 	glamour e accogliente		
Aug 5 2009 	assez bien placé. pres du bowery hotel mais pas trops cher et faussement mode!		
