	Very good value hotel with modern style	The hotel is very well located in the midtown area of Manhattan. Within walking distance to two subway stops. Madison park and Union square are also within a few blocks distance. The rooms are not huge but have more than enough space. The decor is modern and the staff is extremely diligent in helping with any request. I would definitely recommend this hotel for any type of travel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Terrible	Horrible experience. Dreaded going back to this hovel after a day out in NY. Breakfast was lame to say the least and the noise was nothing short of disgraceful. Might as well have been out on the footpath trying to sleep. We all know it's New York bla bla bla but it's no noisier outside than any other city.They tried to move us to a different room (not that that would have been hard considering the shoe box we were in), thinking that a bigger room would satisfy us. It was of course just as noisy. We ended up sleeping with the air conditioning on to drown out the noise of traffic.Most certainly will never be back here, almost ruined our 5 nights in NY. As well as the above it was impersonal and over-priced. Boutique hotel? I think not.	
Nov 24 2009 	Super location clean rooms.	I've just spent five nights at the Mave. The rooms are noisy, as other reviewers have noted. But then – welcome to New York! Still, this place is worth recommending on the basis of the location, which is fantastic (equidistant from uptown and downtown, and within walking distance of many attractions and good restaurants), the friendliness of the staff, and also on the cleanliness of the rooms. They are, it must be said, tiny, but again, that's New York for you. Space is at a premium. One issue: in the laughably-titled penthouse there are no bedside lamps for reading at night. This is ludicrous. (It implies that the guests can't read.) But that's a relatively small quibble. In short, this is a super-convenient, funky, clean, relatively inexpensive new hotel. Recommended.	
Nov 22 2009 	Fabulous hotel with fantastic staff!	This was our first trip to NY and we spent the first 5 nights at the MAve (on their stay for 5, pay for 4 promotion). I had read the reviews here on TA before booking, but it was a very new hotel then and had just opened with only a few reviews. I was a little concerned as I read of the noise problem and it is a problem, however I have since read they are installing buffers around the airconditioners. It does sound like the window is WIDE open, even though it is closed. However, I can say, you get used to it if you stay long enough! The first night (and after a 21 hour flight) it was extremely loud, traffic, tooting, sirens, garbage trucks and street sweepers - I could not sleep from the noise or jet-lag! We were on the 6th floor. However, we did not complain and actually got used to the noise after the 2nd night. Nights 3-5 we slept soundly (from exhaustion from the hectic days).However I will still give this hotel 5*s purely for effort from their staff. Everyone we spoke with helped us happily and always asked if there was more they could do. The guys on at night would recommend dinners, night spots, places to make sure we should see (Halloween parade). There was also a bottle of champagne in our room on arrival for our anniversary.The rooms are extremely clean and an adequate size. We hardly spent any time in them so we didn't need extra space. Great location in the middle of 2 subway lines so we could get whereever we needed to go easily.And lastly the breakfast on the go was great! Would get ourselves some fresh coffee and a few danishes and dash out the door for another day of exploring such a fabulous city. We also stayed at another hotel for the last 2 nights and preferred this one of the 2.	
Nov 19 2009 	Don't stay at MAve Hotel if you want a good night's sleep.	We stayed at MAve for 3 nights &amp; it was like we were right on the street with all the trucks, cars, sirens &amp; traffic. We were given air plugs &amp; tried to sleep with television on &amp; AC unit turned up to drown out noise, but it was still really bad. When I complained, the desk clerk said &quot;You should live where I do, if you think this is noisy&quot;. Not a very good thing to say to a paying guest. We paid a significant amount for our room which I thought we could have done a lot better for the price we paid. It was a lot of money for 3 sleepless nights.	
Nov 17 2009 	Mave is the Rave!	I knew I was in for something different when the Taxi was dropping me off at the hotel and you can see the vibrant colors of red and ballons in the lobby. I was quickly welcomed before I got my bags off the trunk and checked in in a flash. I expected fast service being in New York, but wow, the personal touch with a little welcome note from the hotel in my room, and the attentive and gracious staff, I trully enjoyed my short but sweet stay at the Mave. In town for business, this is a great location, and actually walked around and found I can be a tourist enjoying the scenerary, walked as far as my legs took me, and fond myself in Time Square. (20 blocks or so) This is a prime location but moreover, the hotel feel is chic, stylish, and vibrant. I stayed previously at another hotel and like most, dark furnishings and not much light in the room. but at the Mave, the hotel Shines!	
Nov 16 2009 	Modern and Modestly Priced	I stayed at The MAve during a business trip to NYC and was definitely pleased with the place. As many other reviewers have noted, the rooms aren't large. They are, however, extremely clean and functional - almost spartan in their efficiency. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful - hailing cabs, answering questions, providing as much information as they could about the city (which I had never visited before). Pricewise, it was very reasonable given the great location. NYC will never be a super cheap place to stay, but among the options, The MAVe is a well-priced option for most travelers. I would recommend it to anyone.They're also on Twitter, which is great. @theMAveHotel - give them a shout!	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice but small	The staff was wonderful in helping us with everything from making dinner reservations to bringing ice up to our room. We had a King size room and it sounds like we had more space than most of the other reviews. We had a small desk with one chair and a WONDERFUL king size bed. The air conditioner was only a window unit and kept the room nice and cool. If you are looking for a room where you will only be sleeping and not spending a large amount of time I think this is an excellent deal.	
Oct 28 2009 	Clean simple polite staff noisy room...could be cheaper.	We chose The MAve for our first 2 nights in NYC last weekend. We wanted to experience staying in 2 different areas, and spotted this hotel on Trip Advisor for our first. Was very new at the time, quite far down the ratings list...but only because it was recently added. Every hotel needs to start somewhere, so we decided to go for it.To start, the area is perfect. Very central. We prefer walking, so it is very well located to discover Midtown to Central Park. There is also a subway stop within 5 minutes, easy. Just round the corner from Madison Square Park (Shake Shack...a must, Flatiron Building, etc), down the road from Empire State, not too far from Union Square (great, student area...bars, restaurants). Now, the hotel...The staff upon arrival and throughout our stay...extremely helpful, courteous...tick all the boxes in so far as customer service goes.The room...we chose the Boulevard King, and found it to be very spacious and comfortable. BUT....and this is a massive problem....the noise. I am so happy that we were given ear plugs on our flight over to NYC because they really came in handy when we went to bed. Ear plugs + jet lag = pleasant combination when staying at The MAve. I had asked for high floor room because I had read some negative reviews about the noise...but we were put on the 6th, being assured that as our room was not actually on Madison Ave, the room would be quiet and peaceful. Everything you have read about noise so far is true....the 24/7 traffic carries, no matter which side of the hotel you stay on, and it is true indeed...the old style air conditioners fitted into the windows are flanked by flimsy plastic sheets...even with the windows closed, it sounds like they are wide open. I didn't complain about the noise - seriously, there is not a lot the staff can do. I am not a complainer, I am a put-up-with'er. And I did not have trouble sleeping...like I said, ear plugs and jet lag. We were all in all, comfortable, and we did have a generally pleasant, trouble free stay.A few closing comments:1) The hotel has been open for most of the year now, so when will the 2nd elevator be sorted out? It wasn't such a big deal, only sometimes we had to wait for a more than a few minutes.2) I would agree that this hotel is more of a trendy, up scale hostel, as there are zero facilities offered by the hotel direct (room service is catered for by restaurant up the road, and breakfast, although not experienced, also sounds like it is arranged externally, and according to other reviews...well...just go to a deli instead). Imagine a trendy New York apartment building, but instead of renting apartments, you are renting a room. That is kind of how it feels.3) We did pay more for the Boulevard King...I don't like cramped rooms, and it turned out to be a nice size. But considering what's on offer in general, I do think they could slash the prices considerably. I dislike giving negative reviews - too often I read reviews from people who obviously just have anger problems or expect way too much. But I will be honest in what I write and overall, I think we could have done slightly better than The MAve for the price we paid. Such simple things like good noise insulation and at least a small, in house breakfast bar could make the world of difference.	
Oct 22 2009 	Upscale adult hostel no working elevators or breakfast	Positives: friendly staff, free wifi, comfy bed &amp; lots of pillows (very firm), H2O bathroom amenities, huge shower head, &amp; near subway; Negatives: no working elevators and had to walk up seven flights of stairs with metal covering (VERY noisy), breakfast consisted of coffee at 8:30 am on Sunday, postage-size room (upgraded @ $20/night to queen, much better), all street noise penetrates wafer-thin accordian screen holding window heating/cooling system, area offers little of interest (well, there is the museum of sex.) If you try Hotwire and it comes up boutique hotel, this could be it. You will get hotwire room, as an earlier visitor noted. This hotel remains a work in progress. Needs more public space and a restaurant, and a public bathroom to use when your room is not ready. Staff can only do so much (and admitted 101% booked, so I guess it is popular.)	
Oct 15 2009 	Lovely new hotel that is still working out some minor kinks.	The Mave is a lovely hotel in a great location right up from Madison Square Garden (the park, not the sports arena). The staff, from concierge to housekeeping, were among the friendliest and helpful I have ever come across. The rooms are very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel, as mentioned in other reviews, just opened in the summer and therefore some issues still need ironing out. Again as previously mentioned, there is a fair amount of noise that bleeds into the rooms through the window air conditioning/heater units however it didn't really bother us and we understand that they are working on fixing this. Our key cards had a tendency to deprogram and we found ourselves twice up on the seventh floor unable to unlock our door. The second time, there was a hotel employee on our floor who immediately let us into our room and ran downstairs to re-program our card for us. The fire alarms are a little too sensitive and went off twice when the steam from our shower escaped from the bathroom. Luckily the sprinkle didn't go off !! When I phoned the front desk to let them know, they were extremely apologetic and offered to send someone up right away. In my opinion, these are pretty minor issues and once they are addressed, The Mave will be top-notch. We look forward to staying here again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bring your earplugs and be adept when walking around bed	I agree with the other Tripadvisor comments- clean, small room, and NOISE coming from the outside city streets at all hours thru the flimsy plastic on the sides of the window a/c- heat unit (even on a higher floor). &quot;Breakfast&quot;- small variety of danish and coffee served only until 9 am even on weekends ( a guest on the single tiny elevator complained to me). When this hotel opened summer '09- the light breakfast fare included several imported cheeses, french rolls, and coffees until 11am. No storage area in the bathroom-only one small glass shelf, use the top of the dresser in the bedroom and no mirrors in bedroom(would help alot!) Very friendly at front desk with greetings,bringing water to room, wakeup calls, etc.Great location- near great shopping and wonderful restaurants- away from the hustle of Midtown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice Hotel in a good location	Just got back from a three night stay and found almost everything to be excellent. The only problem is that the hotel is retrofitted and uses window unit heating and cooling. This lets in a good bit of noise. We talked with the front desk and they told me that they are ordering sound buffers to go around the unit. This should help alot. Otherwise the room is small but about average in NY. Certainly not the smallest I have stayed in. Don't stay in room alot in NYC. The staff is great. The location is good. The grab up breakfast is good. Just know there is nowhere to sit. The beds are nice and comfy. Hotel is clean, newly remodeled and good especially for a short trip.	
Oct 6 2009 	nice but be aware there are problems	my wife and I stayed one night this past weekend, October 3, 2009. Good rate through hotwire, $ 180+, plus taxes and agency fees. The hotel has just been renovated and is very nice. The staff is very friendly, the location is good and is near both east and westside subway stations. Breakfast is also very nice.The &quot;Two Big Issues&quot; that you need to be aware of. The rooms are very small. Our room did not have a chair, If you wanted to sit down you needed to sit on the bed. In order to get from one side of the room to the other, one person would need to move out of the way. In fairness to the hotel, our room appeared to be the smallest room on our floor, based on the door chart in our room.The heating and cooling system for the hotel is a unit similar to a traditional a/c window unit, with plastic on either side of the unit to cover the rest of the open window.This piece of plastic is 1/16 of an inch thick and is the only thing between you and the &quot;City that never sleeps&quot;. No double glazed windows here, You will hear every sound that goes on outside. They may provide ear plugs, we did not ask. If you can get beyond the smallness and noise of the room, everything else is very nice and I would recommend staying here.	
Sep 26 2009 	Just plain too noisy	The Mave has good and bad points. Unfortunately, the bad outweigh the good. First, the good: great location, friendly staff, very clean rooms, strong (and free) wifi signal. Now for the bad: noisy, noisy, noisy. We were on the second floor and the street noise bordered on the unbearable. We live in a city and are used to street noise, but this was over the top. There were times we thought people and cars were actually in our room. Ran the air conditioner constantly in a futile attempt to have the white noise block out the street noise, but even that didn't work. The noise really adversely impacted our stay -- but for that we could have overlooked the other problems. Which included the fact that the bathroom is so small they just have a half wall for a shower door. Which means the bathroom floor gets soaking wet every time someone takes a shower. I've experienced that in third world countries where the room costs $30 a night, but I do not expect that in Manhattan at the rates charged there. And, according to the in-room amenity description, extra towels costs extra -- we didn't try to order any so I can't say whether they would have actually charged us but, seriously, who charges extra for a towel when the room only has two towels to begin with? Finally, breakfast was not at all as advertised. The one morning we made it down in time for breakfast (at 8 am so not late), there was nothing left but some sort of rolls. Bottom line, we won't be back.	
Sep 24 2009 	Where did this little jewel come from?	I am very impressed. There's no public space. There are red and white balloons where the restaurant should be. The rooms are typical NYC tiny. AND I LOVED THIS HOTEL. It's the people, people, people. Where did they find these sweet, professional, warm people? The leader of the front desk seems to be a brilliantly engaged woman named Annetta. She's a fire ball of warmth, professionalism and kindness. And her staff follows right behind. I'll give up not having a restaurant. I'll give up a lobby. I'll even give up a room with...well room. But I won't give up an empathetic staff. So that makes this my new favorite hotel in New York.	
Sep 23 2009 	Customer centric	Hotel well located close to Madison square, good, safe area. Underground easy to access. Walking distance to many NY highlights.Rooms have been renovated recently and decoration is moderne. Although on 10th floor (out of 12), the noise of the street was very audible in the room and woke us up during nights.Rooms were clean.Need to watch how it will evolve over time. Hotel personnel lead by Anetta very customer oriented, polite, ready to make good recommendations (for restaurants in the area) and find solutions (eg breakfast was not as described, but quickly found a solution)No breakfast room, so only grap and go coffee and rolls - a space for sitting would be appropriate.In summary - a good hotel ahead of NY standards differentiated by recent renovation and friendly personnel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Amazing Service	I recently stayed at The MAve and had an experience second to none. The staff was amazing from the time we walked in until our final goodbye. The bed made in hard to leave the room, H20 products as well as the rain head showers are awesome, and the staff really sealed the deal. I felt like I had a personal assistant to the city, great recomendations in the area, and attention to deatail made my stay the best I have had in NYC.	
Sep 18 2009 	A Really Nice Surprise	Found a fantastic deal on this hotel and didn't quite know what to expect given that fantastic deals and NYC are a rare combination. We were very pleasantly surprised.Most noteworthy...THE STAFF - Every single person we came in contact with was very friendly and helpful.LOCATION - Perfectly situated in the middle of the city without being too close to Times Square. Easy access to the Theaters, Penn Station (take the train in from the airport!), and - most importantly - The Shake Shack!INCLUSIONS - Breakfast (small) and WiFi are included. Awesome!ROOMS - Although small (SMALL, small), they are well appointed, remarkably quiet and comfortable.AGE - They have done everything that they can given this is an update of an old building. Inconveniences (slow elevators, no restaurant, the smallest workout room on the planet) are minimal.	
Sep 18 2009 	Clean new friendly	Searching for a reasonably-priced hotel to stay in during the crush of Fashion Week, I found the highly-rated MAve on TripAdvisor. My colleagues and I spent 3 nights there earlier this week and found it to be worthy of the positive reviews. Yes the rooms are small, but they're very clean, the staff is super-helpful, and the hotel is conveniently located on Madison Avenue near Washington Square Park and the subway. It's a great value, and I'll stay there again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Location Great Staff	Just got back from NYC for the first time. We took our 1 1/2 year old, and my wife and I. The Mave turned out to be great location for getting anywhere in midtown Manhattan.Madio (sp?), the door man and Aneta were the first two people that we met in NYC and they were good to us. They helped us navigate the city to all kinds of good places.The rooms were a little small, but from what we here, it is typical for the Manhattan. But, really, how much time do you spend in your room?The location was awesome. Within walking distance to Madison Park, Madison Square Garden, cheap shopping, Empire State Building and all kinds of other good things.I would stay in The MAve again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect stay!	Me and my girlfriend just stayed 9 nights at The MAve and we had a perfect stay. The Hotel was clean, and the hotel staff was very forthcomming and helpfull! Will recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay while enjoying the great city of NYC.	
Aug 31 2009 	the website does not reflect this hotel....	Warning Warning...Great name Great Location..Then it all turns bad...This is not a boutique hotel .This Hotel is a budget tourist hotel.And they should be discounting the rates..Only one very slow elevator in use and this was broken on the first night of my visit..I was upgraded,but the room was hideous with black and white zebra carpetand laminated white furniture..But this was supposedly the best room on offer..The water was not replaced .either were the toiletries or tea and coffee sachets..No Bar Fridge?..Three requests later the water arrived...The hallways were dark and the floor coverings really dirty..Now the reception staff are really polite as are the bellboys.But i was not the onlyguest complaining and I felt rather sorry for the staff..I asked for the managers card,none available and the manager was not available.If you want the pancake breakfast,you are given a voucher and sent to a cafe , thisis not mentioned on the website same applies for the massage service.(salon)nearby....When I asked the staff if they ate at the terrible cafe that issued the voucher, theyall replied a resounding No , but the manager liked the cafe..........Yes this is a new hotel.But they need to focus on clean rooms etc etc.But this could not be regarded as a stylish boutique hotel.The manager should open their eyes ..and perhaps visit a stylish boutique hotel..If you want a cheap room with a good location this is the place...It is not a business hotel..be warned....	
Aug 30 2009 	Good value but a few glitches.......	We enjoyed our stay at the Mave, and found it to be an excellent value, conveniently located. Our room was small, but very clean, and attractively made up. The staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly. The continental breakfast of artisanal cheeses and rolls was tasty and interesting, though a bit repetitive, day after day.. However, there were a few areas that may still need a little work. There is no seating whatsoever in the lobby area, which made it necessary to stand about balancing coffee and rolls in the morning, or while awaiting one's taxi or companion at other times. Granted, there's not much room, but even a couple of long low benches would have been most welcome. One of the 2 elevators was out of service for all of our 4 day stay, and the remaining one broke down on the morning of our departure. Luckily, we were only on the 5th floor, but that was still a workout, hauling our suitcases downstairs. There was hardly anywhere in the bathroom or the room to hang up our wet towels - a couple more hooks or a towel bar would have been great. Shelf space for our bathroom toiletries was similiarly nonexistent. I was disappointed to find no computer available for guest use, but I should have asked that question ahead of time. The promised mini-bar was not there, and the staff politely let me know that they could not fulfill my request for a fridge in our room. Sayonara, all those good NYC leftovers.....Finally, the lobby decor and music were awfully disco feeling for my provincial taste - a lot of shiny red walls and glitzy glass light fixtures. But that's strictly personal. All in all, the Mave offered a stylish, comfortable, and affordable haven in the city.	
Aug 27 2009 	French breads and cheeses...mmmm.....	This has to have been THE cleanest hotel i have ever stayed in. Loved the fact the rooms have hardwood floors rather than carpet. The staff are superb! Pleasant and efficient. A great location; not too touristy but close to everything you need. And nothing beats waking up to fresh coffee with a variety of delicious french breads and cheeses. That's my kind of continental breakfast!	
Aug 25 2009 	Thanks for making our 25th anniversary so special!	We just wanted to say thanks to all the staff at the Mave for making our recent stay so wonderful! When we arrived to celebrate our 25th anniversary we had been upgraded to a bigger room and some champagne was sent up for us. The room was lovely, very clean with a big comfy bed and room to spread out. The complimentary breakfast-to-go was delicious. All the staff were friendly, warm and helpful, from the front desk to the cleaning staff we passed in the hall. We have already recommended your hotel to friends and colleagues and hope to return in the future,	
Aug 23 2009 	We would go back for the staff !!!	Hi,We stayed at The Mave for 9 nights, and we simply loved the hotel for the staff. The staff is super friendly and would go out of their way to help the guests. Though all the staff is friendly, if you find John at the front desk, you have to talk to him to understand what excellent guest relations could mean. Yes, the rooms are a little small (but thats Manhattan style), the bed was very comfortable and the pillows were soft. Being a new hotel, we loved that the bed linen was new, the rooms were clean, and everything was working just fine.Dont expect a delightful breakfast cos its just bread and cheese, though food connoisseurs may find it good. But you can hop across the corner to Cafe 28 (28th St and 5th Av) for some great breakfast options. If you are an Indian food fan, just walk down 27th St to Lex Av, and you'll find all the Indian restaurants there. Try Bhatti or Dhaba, for some authentic Indian food. They have an excellent value lunch option either to go or seated.Coming back to The Mave, the hotel is very promising and it will be interesting to go back once they fix small things here and there, like the elevator, seating in the lobby and breakfast. We would love to stay at The Mave on our future trips to NYC and would highly recommend it to all.Overall, a great experience if you love to be in the heart of Manhattan, and stay at a new property, with excellent levels of guest relations and customer service.Enjoy your trip.Regards,Shefali and Ashish	
Aug 18 2009 	Best hotel staff in NY	This small boutique hotel in the Flatiron district was exactly what we were looking for. It was inexpensive, clean, and centrally located. We arrived from the west coast at 6:30 am after a red eye flight looking very weary and red eyed. We expected to leave our luggage and wander aimlessly until we could check in but to our surprise we were allowed to check in early and get into our room! This was so incredibly appreciated and absolutely saved our day. We were able to get a few hours sleep, shower up and get out and enjoy the city. Some reviewers have commented (complained) about the shower but we did not experience any problems. I suppose if you point the hand held shower head directly outside the shower curtain the bathroom floor would get wet. I have also read complaints about the one working elevator which is still the case as of 8/14 but the positives of this hotel out weigh this minor inconvenience. The best feature of The MAve is definitely the hotel staff! They are all so friendly, helpful and accommodating that we would stay here again in a heartbeat. We stayed in room 606 and while the room is small, it is very functional with a large closet and comfortable bed. There was a bit more street noise than others have commented on but we weren't in NY for peace and quiet.There is a diner 2 doors down that does a basic breakfast/lunch, great for a quick bite. The Shake Shack is just around the corner and does make an excellent burger! (not sure its better than In n Out but worth a trip) There is also a street cart across the way that is excellent for late night pick me ups! Get the chicken and rice! We saw quite a few taxi drivers and police eating from there. That's always a good sign! Also, a 24 hour hair salon on the corner.	
Aug 18 2009 	Exceeded Expections	We LOVED this hotel. Highly recommend it. Our room was small(but what Manhattan room isn't) but it was clean, cool &amp; comfortable. The shower was hot and the bed was comfy. The staff went out of their way to accomodate any request, even giving us an umbrella on a rainy day. Only one elevator right now, but we only had to wait over 5 min. one time, and it was never crowded. They said the other one should be running soon. Great location, 3 subway entrances close by. Madison Sq. Pk is close and there is a Shake Shack there that is AMAZING! Our fav. building, the Flat Iron bldg is at the corner of Madison Sq. Pk and is a must see. We walked and took the subway everywhere. We are already planning our next trip and we will definitely stay at the MAve!	
Aug 17 2009 	GREAT place in Manhattan!	Awesome local, customer service, and accommodations! highly recommended!Sushi next door (Twist) was excellent and Cafe 28 around the corner was cheap and amazing (breakfast, lunch, dinner etc)	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great service Great location	If you are looking for a nice and cosy place to stay in NY far away from the noisy Times Square ..this the place.A great boutique hotel , a skilled staff making you feel at home ,a great location between Union square and Empire State To make the long story short , we stayed at this hotel twice , in July and in August when we ended our trip in the US and we really enjoyed our stay !!!We definitely recommend that hotel either leisure or businessA big thank to Aneta and Joe and of course to all the staff . We surely come back in the near future.Anat , Patrice , lee and Guy	
Aug 10 2009 	Solid hotel good value.	The hotel had only been open for three weeks prior to my stay and there were certainly some teething problems (only one SLOW elevator working, room door was difficult to open, etc) but none of these were too serious or annoying. The staff members were exceptional. I booked only the day before and got a good deal ($160) but I also got the smallest room (the &quot;Urban Full&quot;). Although tiny, the room was set up well and I had no major problems moving around. I cannot imagine, however, having two people in there. If you're a couple, book the next biggest room, at least. All in all, a great option for midtown. Affordable, near the subway and buses, some good shops near by, clean, fantastic service.	
Jul 29 2009 	SmallNoisyLousy Breakfast	If you book through Hotwire or Priceline they basically punish you and give you the tiniest,noisiest room they have.One positive was the service all the desk clerks etc where very nice.They called as soon as we got to are room and ask how everything was i said i booked a room for 2 adults and this room was barely big enough for 1 ,They said well you booked through Hotwire and nothing can be done so i said we got the 'Hotwire' room she laughed and agreed .The bad thing about it was I only saved 10.00 off normal price.Bed was a double and when 1 of us stood up the other had to sit on bed so there would be room The room was that small and I don't mean NYC small I mean closet small.breakfast was weird...goat cheeses and hard bread.Construction all night right in front of hotel.. if the air wasn't on we would have never got any sleep in fact people were complaining at front desk when we were leaving in morning and they were sending them to another hotel.Elevator was soo slow.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent Customer Service	I had the chance to stay at this hotel on opening weekend and could not have asked for a more pleasant experience. The way the staff treated us you would have thought we were their only guests. From excellent restaurant reccomendations to always being ready to make reservations for us I had an incredible experience at this hotel. The rooms felt like home and the decor was great!	
Jul 22 2009 	Small Tasteful Solid Home Base for a Manhattan Trip	My fiancee and I also went on a 7 day trip to NY and took a chance on the newly renovated MAve. We had an 8th floor room, so basically street noise was minimal except for the occasional honking horn. The area around the hotel is good for walking - pretty much a daytime business crowd, very few clubs. We were ok without having a refrigerator. The hotel is very easy to access and is a good location for seeing Manhattan - near to important attractions (the ESB, Flatiron, Union Square, Madison Square, are all in walking distance, and the Museum of Sex is down the block!). The staff was uniformly wonderful to work with - everyone was universally friendly and tried very hard to accommodate our travel plans. We were always welcomed back when we returned to the front desk. It is obvious that the building itself is a work in progress - one elevator runs slow, the other is out of commission. We had a small problem with the half-wall of glass and the water coming out of the shower - the water surged from the shower head and splashed past the half-wall on to the floor in front of the toilet, leaving fairly messy wet towels and floor. The rooms are small by CA standards but average for Manhattan. We did not have any problems with the card lock or privacy lock, they worked perfectly the entire time. We also had a flat instead of a fitted sheet and that bothered me to the point that I slept straight on the mattress. My fiancee could live with it but the sheet was always bunched up in the morning. TV was great, AC was great, furnishings were good looking and adequate to hold out stuff. We would stay if we could get the same introductory rate, but we've heard that once the hotel gets going, the prices will go up. We like to try many areas anyway. We ate out and wandered NY most of the time and never used the Italian restaurant, Olana, or the breakfast (jet lag :-) Good place for the Flatiron district.Some more tips: Go to Cafe 28, catacorner to the MAve on 28th, a great place to get not only deli stuff but also fruits, sushi, chips, drinks, etc. Also, walk down to Mad Square Block (two blocks south) and find the Shake Shack around 2:30 to 4:00 pm. Get a shake, a hamburger, cheeseburger, or double stack if you are daring, and take it to go back to your room. We had lunch on the bed and it was fantastic.	
Jul 17 2009 	Overall pleasant experience	My partner and I took advantage of the 3 nights for 2 deal this month at the Mave. We too were greeted by a doorman and friendly faces at the front desk. Unfortunately, when we arrived at 4:30pm (check-in is 3:00pm) our room was not yet ready, however the staff was very accomodating and brought us next door for complimentary drinks at Olana - thankfully... since there is no where to sit in the lobby area.The room was very clean, trendy, and comfortable (small though - but common for NYC). The bed was very cozy and big! Loved the art work and furniture. The only downer(s) were that the mini fridge had not yet been installed and we were unaware the room would not have a bath tub (only shower). The shower was fun and new-age style, however if we left the bathroom door open the fire alarm would go off. In addition since the shower barrier is only half-way the water went all over the floor - so don't leave anything on the bathroom floor and I would recommend not to put towels down b/c it just makes more of a mess. The H2O products were nothing special.It was dissappointing that the following day when we arrived back at the hotel at 6:30pm to relax before going out to dinner to find that our room had not yet been cleaned. The cleaning staff said we were next, which was only mildly irritating, but that there is no where to go to wait it out (b/c the lobby has no seating). We had to meander around the stairs for 10 minutes.The hotel was exceptionally quiet for NYC, which was great, however the wood shade over the window really didn't block out the light from the office building across the street. When asked how our stay was going - this was mentioned and they provided complimentary eye-shades which really helped. The room next door had a very creaky door which got annoying after a while, b/c the guest seemed to go in and out every 5 minutes, but after they checked out and no one checked back into that room - it was fine.Since the hotel is new they are still working out a few bugs such as the elevator, of the two only one was working and very slow, but this will be fixed soon. The lobby was very elegant, but seating is absent and necessary.Personally, I did not like the artisan breakfast except for the coffee (yum). For the hype they give it you would think it to be spectacular. Of the three mornings we went down, all 3x I had to ask for plates and napkins, one day they ran out of bread before we came down at 9:30am, the other day we went down at 9:00am and only a few crumbles of cheese were left, and on a different day someone must have forgot to pick up the fantsy jelly b/c Shop Rite was the brand for the day with the price tag right on top of the jar $1.79 lol. I firmly believe they should have provided in addition to the artisan breakfast some fresh fruit (bananas and apples) and some fresh juice (OJ). The breakfast got boring after a day. Add some fruit, juice, peanut butter, bagles and cream cheese and that would suffice for a great addition to the fresh baked bread and cheese.Overall, the staff was extremely accomodating and helpful always asking how we were and how our stay was. They would do their best to make a situation better. Customer service was 100%. We would stay there again (hopefully with the bugs worked out).	
Jul 15 2009 	The Mave was an excellent hotel and a great location - new is nice!	The Hotel was excellent - a great deal (3 nights for price of 2) and super clean. The staff are really great, young and responsive. The hotel is in a GREAT location. Corner of Madison and 27th, close to Madison Sq. park and easy wealk up or down town.Still a few bugs to work out around room service and an elevator (1 of 2) still needs service. Definitely would recommend and would stay again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Service!	A girlfriend and I stayed here for a girlfriend getaway trip during The MAve's opening weekend. We were quite impressed with hotel. The lobby is quite tastefully decorated and helps to create an atmosphere of a luxury hotel. We stayed in a room with 2 double beds. It was on the small side which is to be expected in New York. The best way to describe the room was simple luxury. The beds were comfortable with a nice clean bathroom. One nice feature in the room are hardwood floors. The location of the hotel is quite conviently located in a nice non-touristy neighborhood. It is a $5 cab ride to many neighborhoods for shopping and nice restaurants.The best part of our stay was the staff at The MAve. We arrived quite late in the evening exhausted after numerous delays in getting there. The staff helped us find a fantastic French-American restaurant nearby that was open late and delicious! Over our stay, the staff helped us with everything from getting us reservations at one of the more trendy restaurants in town to providing a Blackberry charger. The staff made us feel as though we were staying at the best hotel in town.	
Jul 13 2009 	Brand New Very clean great customer service	We booked the MAve on expedia.com after searching for a moderately priced hotel in Manhattan. The hotel is brand new, so the rooms are in perfect condition, they are really clean, and have tv with loads of channels to watch as well as free wireless internet. The location is in Midtown and is close walking distance to the Empire State Building, and only a small cab fare to time's square and macy's etc. The staff are friendly and provide a great service. We would stay here again...	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent NYC Experience	Fantastic experience from very beginning to very end!!! As soon as my boyfriend and I arrived, we were greeted with big smiles and friendly staff. We walked into a bright and inviting reception area where we were taken care of immediately. The staff was very helpful in recommending good restaurants and jazz clubs (which we inquired about). The also helped us choose a Broadway show according to our tastes and make reservations for tickets.Our room was clean, bright and comfortable. There is nothing like sleeping a brand, new plush bed. It was super comfortable. The bathroom was very clean, the shower had great water power, and had the best H2O products! The towels were also very clean and soft. There was good closet space and good cabinet space. The AC unit very quickly cooled the room without much noise.In the mornings we enjoyed the complementary artisian breakfast! It was SO fresh...the bread, the cheese, the coffee....it was such a nice treat! I wish I could have a breakfast like that every morning!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great value for the money	I stayed for 9 nights at the MAve, starting on the opening weekend. Brand new hotel, with two points still to be finished: the elevators and the lobbyGreat room: all the furniture brand new, as well as the bathroomGreat service: all the staff is young and very politeVery central location: near the 28th subway stations, as well as touristic attractions (e.g. Empire State Building)	
Jul 8 2009 	Opening weekend at The MAve Hotel	We arrived at The MAve, which is on the corner of 27th and Madison Ave., to it’s gleaming floor to ceiling windows for the entire lobby. The white and red decor gives the lobby a nice calm feel. The doorman opened the door and all of the staff welcomed us to The MAve. When we checked in the staff were extremely helpful and very polite. We were also told that the hotel had not received their window shades, but we were provided complimentary eye shades\.Breakfast is provided every morning and consists of Artisanal cheeses, rustic breads, and honey. We never made it to breakfast, but when checking out, the spread looked exceptional. Part of the lobby is still under construction, but we were told a nice cafe or lounge would be built. This is a great idea because there is nowhere to sit in the lobby if you are waiting for a guest.Only one of the two elevators work at the moment, but since the hotel has a small number of rooms this wasn't a problem. The elevator had not been updated, but I gathered that they were working on the interior of the non-working elevator, and when they are finished they will start on the other.The hallways have been updated and everything was clean and sharp.When we opened the door to our room, it was clean and well decorated. It was very warm in the room, but we turned on the A/C and it was cool in no time. We reserved a Queen room, which was a little tight, but it was still comfortable. The bed was plush and inviting, and the hardwood floors gave the room a nice stylish modern look. There wasn't much on the white walls, but this also made the room feel less cluttered. All the furniture was modern and new. There was a desk, chair, dresser, and two end tables. The room has an IHome, 32&quot; HDTV, iron and ironing board, and a in window air conditioning. In the dresser there is a space for a refrigerator, so maybe they will be installing mini bars in the near future. The bathroom was clean with a nice size sink, big walk-in shower, and toilet. It was stocked with H2O bath products and had a complementary vanity kit. The towels could be better for this type of hotel. The water pressure wasn't great either, but it didn't take anytime for the water to get hot. One thing we really liked about this hotel is how quiet it is in the rooms. You can hear people coming and going as well as the elevator chime, but other than that it was extremely quiet and comfortable. The area is very safe and quiet, and I highly recommend a walk or picnic in Madison Square Park. We only had one issue with the room, and that was that our bathroom window was faulty. While taking a shower it fell out of it's frame and cracked. It was a jolt to the system more than anything, but we told the management immediately and were given a new room within minutes. We were also upgraded and all of the staff were very apologetic for our inconvenience. We were impressed with their expediency. Besides a few opening quirks, this hotel, is well on it's way to being a world class property. We would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a quality hotel in New York City. The hotels rooms, decor, and extremely professional staff would rival that of the best hotels in New York.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great accommodations and concierge service	My girlfriend and me stayed at The Mave for three nights their opening weekend to take advantage of the 3 for 2 nights special. There is nothing better than to be the first person ever to sleep on a super comfy hotel mattress. The room and the bathroom were super clean. No early knocks on the door from housekeeping - who wakes up early on a holiday weekend in the city anyways. From the lobby to the staircase to the room the facility screams trendy. The décor and art combines both South Beach white lines and NYC contemporary sharp edges. It gets even better with young and area knowledgeable stuff that will go out of their way to recommend and arrange dinner reservations as well as club passes/guest list. During our stay we were able to check out Tenjune, Griffin, and 230 Fifth with no hassles by just mentioning 'The Mave&quot;.	
Nov 16 2009 	Propre et bien situé		
Oct 7 2009 	Hôtel très agréable mais à surveiller dans le temps		
Oct 3 2009 	Mehr Übernachtungsmöglichkeit als Hotelerlebnis		
Sep 24 2009 	Schön und Zentral aber nur ein langsamer Fahrstuhl		
Sep 20 2009 	Eccezionale		
Sep 15 2009 	Servicio de habitaciones indiscreto desayuno solo quesos		
Sep 11 2009 	veramente ottimo n 1		
Sep 2 2009 	Exelente ubicación muy limpio....perfecto!!!		
Aug 26 2009	Bra läge men väldigt sunkigt och nergångna rum		
Aug 24 2009 	Une bonne adresse à Manhattan		
