Oct 29 2009 	First and Last Time!	The location was good for my meeting at the Exchange, however, this is definitely not a hotel for executives. My major complaints were the futon-style bed and no food service of any kind. After traveling for 6 hours and arriving at the hotel late at night, I ate peanuts for dinner! Also, I'm not sure why our company was charged $499 for a room here, when others are saying they were charged in the $200 range. You can get a room at the Ritz for $499, however, they were full the night I was in town. Next time the Ritz is unavailable, I'll stay at the Embassy Suites and take a cab.	
Oct 15 2009 	good valvue for the money	We stayed there for my birthday in June and the room was very large for NYC standards. We had a large fully equipped kitchen and a nice size living room. We had two plasma tvs one in the living room and one in the bedroom which was very nice. The bathroom was clean and modern but the towels were small and not very soft. We had a buffet breakfast which was included in the price and it was fine with ceral toast muffins juice and scrambled eggs and bacon. All in all we enjoyed our stay and we thought it was very good valvue for the money. We enjoyed being so close to the South Street Seaport and the subway for uptown was two blocks away. We would stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Large Room Close to Wall Street	Your taxi driver might not be able to find this place, so print out a map of the Financial District before you leave home. The rooms are very large by NY standards and include a fridge and microwave. The bathroom is big and modern. There is a seating area along with two double beds and extra room to spare. It's not a bad choice if you are in NY for business on and near Wall Street, otherwise I can't think of any reason to stay in this part of NY. Unfortunately, the biggest drawback is the noise from the street below. The street is not that busy, but you can hear noise from delivery and garbage trucks below.	
Aug 16 2009 	Cool Hotel in the middle of the Financial District	This was a real cool hotel right in the middle of the Financial District. Very nice rooms and furniture, very modern and big, too. Very pleasant to stay and very nice employees helping with anything you need. And that's at good rates. Good connections to subway, short walking distances to south pier, battery park, ground zero etc.	
Jun 21 2009 	Decent Wall St alternative	I stayed here for one night, primarily because of its location near Wall St. Small lobby, friendly and attentive staff. The ambiance approached that of a boutique hotel but the facilities fell short of the amenities that you expect in such a hotel. The room was large with a comfortable armchair. Didn't like the futon-style mattress (my days of sleeping on a futon mattress were over a long time ago). No exercise facility on site and the wireless service was spotty (a colleague I was traveling with also experienced less than optimal wireless). Overall, for one night, the hotel was a good choice, primarily because of its location near my meeting near Wall St. And the price was very good ($229). But i wouldn't want to spend more than one night here. I'd prefer a full service hotel or a true boutique hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Two-star and not "boutique" by any stretch	In an effort to save my multi-national bank some money, I decided to stay here on my last business trip to New York. This hotels is passable, but if you're an executuve type, you're not going to like it. This hotel used to be called the Exchange Hotel (see Trip Advisor reviews accordingly). The staff was fine. The room was a bit odd, synthetic carpet tiles were old and used, and the bed (like other reviewers comments) was a single mattress on a &quot;trend&quot; bedframe. The mattress was next to sleeping on a rock (and I don't complain, so if I am writing this review, it means I actually took the time to care and forewarn you). The hotel itself if slightly run down, although if you visit the Eurostars site, they lead to you to believe that you're staying at an upscale &quot;boutique&quot; hotel - this is by all means a stretch. During my three day stay, the lobby lounge was uninviting with it's blaring rap (yep, rap) music. The morning free breakfast was OK, but nothing great. The location us great if you're working on Wall Street or in the near vicinity. Otherwise, Gild Hall, the Hilton Millenium are better business travel choices.	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel exceptional staff	The hotel is located in the heart of the financial and Seaport district. The hotel was tastefully appointed and had a great breakfast buffet. The staff was exceptional, especially Arturo Guerra at the Front Desk.	
Apr 30 2009 	Perfect in every way!!!	Great location. The perfect location to see NYC. Very quiet at the weekend. Open top tour bus is the best way to travel because of value for money. City Sights NY was perfect. There is a bus stop a stone's throw from the hotel and the tube is one street up. The hotel breakfast didn't look great so we just ate out around. This wasn't a problem though as there are tons of yummy diners and cafes nearby. A&amp;F is only down the road and tons of lovely restaurants too in a cobled street waterside area. Feels very european and classy (a nice contract from the brashness of time square).The breakfast was the only disappointing thing about the hotel and we didn't eat it (may have been better than it looked). I would recommend going room only though. The prices are incredible, given the size of the room and quality of the hotel. Very stylish and boutique feel.We were upgraded. It was my friends 30th. We stayed in room 805. Surely the best room in the hotel. As big as my sitting room and lounge put together!! I though NYC rooms were sposed to be small?!!!!?? Two massive double beds, a leather couch, a desk area. Bathroom didn't really match up with the 5 star standard of the room but it was pleasant and clean and well appointed.Staff were friendly but left you to be independant. Perfect! Free internet and computer = a definate plus. We booked through Late rooms and paid 100-150 pounds a night. 50-70 each. What a bargain!!!I would definately go back to Eurostars when in NYC. I don't even think the big hotels (where you pay 4 times as much) would come close to comparing in value for money, location and style.Book this now or you'll regret it. Prices are jumping up week after week.	
Apr 13 2009 	a real gem just off wall st	We spent a weekend at the end of march there and really enjoyed the central location just off wall st and near to the world trade center site. The staff was very helpful, the room was spacious and well furnished. They even have a computer for guest's access to the internet. The lounge bar was closed over the weekend, that was not a problem for us, since the seaport south and a lot of other bars were nearby, also wendys and burger king. Only parking in the nearby garage was a bit expensive at 30$ per night! By the way: the 21st century is still a very good place to shop for shoes and designer clothes!	
Mar 10 2009 	Hervorragendes Hotel mit gutem Preis/Leistungsverhältnis		
