	Breath of Fresh Air	I stayed at the Hotel Indigo on November 7th to visit for the IHRMS show at the Javits Center. I have to say that from check-in to check-out the stay was the best I have had in the city. The front desk were extremely polite and I was checked-in in about 30 seconds!I have to say the rooms are incredible as well. They are very spacious for a room in NYC and also very comfortable. The beds are perfect and the showers, with the Aveda prodeuct, are very refreshing. We had a late dinner in the restaurant, Blu, and was quite suprised. It is by far the best restaurant in the area and the food is great. I had the Gnocchi with the Butternut Squash soup. Both were amazing!The hotel is very close to the Javits center and also in close proximity to Times Square, Herald Square, the Meatpacking District, and three subway lines.For a brand new hotel I expected there to be minor issues as in some reviews I seeon here, but the trip was perfect. I will continue to use the Hotel Indigo - NYC for my trips to the city from now on. They are also part of the IHG chain so I get priority club points for my stays. Great Hotel! Keep up the good work!	
Nov 26 2009 	Had a great time in a great location	Stayed 5 nights with my husband for a sightseeing break and loved the hotel. Great location a few blocks from Macy's and Times Square, with one subway line at the end of the block and another 2 blocks in the other direction. Modern minimalist design, big room, king sized bed with crisp white linen, huge flat screen TV with loads of channels. Bathroom good size with nice Aveda toiletries. Reception and bar staff very helpful and friendly and lovely, if lethal, cocktails in the bar were great.	
Nov 13 2009 	Sweet spot for a hotel and good for the money..........	Recently spent 4 nights in HI which was my first time in NY and my wife's return to the Big Apple after nearly a decade where we planned to do the NY Siteseeing experience. Early starts, always on the move and needing to cover a lot of space in a short time and with this in mind we looked for a top spot on the map at best possible price which was clean and comfortable which this hotel hit the spot.There was as we expected teething problems such as Roof Top Terrace was still under construction which would of been nice to relax up there with views over city.The Staff were a little inexperienced and tended not to have adequate information to hand nor were willing to contact places for us although we did find the use of Internet on lower ground floor very useful which also came with printer.We had asked also for a high level stateroom however we did not get this request of which we found fustrating especially as we had been promised by the Hotel Manager.On check-out also our bill was also incorrect which caused mass confusion and after 30 minutes it was not adequatley dealt with which as our cab was waiting also cost us in the pocket so on recieving the hotel bill I would check it Immediately.Overall great location (5mins from subway and Time Square and Tourist Bus Lines) but suffers from noise from deliveries of Flowers to shops within Flower District area of Chelsea (hence request for high level floor).Rooms very smart (size though about typical Travel Lodge) LCD TV with hundereds of channels, very, very, very, comfortable bed which is what you need if on this type of break and considering also that NY has an epidmic of 'BedBug's according to residents and Tour Guides the new hotel gave us piece of mind that we were not letting ourselves into several weeks of scratching afterwards.Overall opinion - 7.5 / 10 * Would stay again.PS. Try the Greek Diner at end of block for breakfast, great food, relativley cheap and a good service also. Regular haunt for us on our trip.Also when leaving hotel turn right when heading out toward Time Square etc. Left is a bit ropey at night.	
Nov 6 2009 	Indigo Below Average: Disappointment	Based on Hotel Indigo marketing and website, I anticipated a fresh, chic/value experience and got average or below. The rooms are very small (smaller than the sales person claimed on the phone). When I asked about square footage, none of the staff had a clue. The rooms were adequate with no real closet, no luggage rack (I begged for one and the reception person responded with &quot;we just don't have them. We're trying to be different;&quot; success!), no feather or down pillows (&quot;people really only want hypoallergenic foam;&quot; really??), no fresh soap or shampoo each day and no real room service. The room measured about 299 square feet, though the reservations rep promised 350-450. Showers are European style with no shower door or curtain, but that's okay. The Front Desk staff seemed in a daze and couldn’t answer most questions, especially about room sizes (“we just don’t know what size these rooms are”). One BIG plus, though, is the High Definition TV with maybe a hundred read HiDef channels. Nice! The bar and restaurant are attractive and kind of cool and the staff very accommodating and friendly. Honestly, at theses rates, there are much MUCH better choices in Manhattan. better choices in Manhattan with more to offer including the Hilton, the Hilton Garden Inn, Sheraton and Crowne Plaza and Westin. And they all have luggage racks.	
Nov 5 2009 	Wanted to really like it but it gets an "meh".	So I traveled to NYC for 3 days and stayed at HI. After reading about the hotel online and calling with questions, I was prepared to be fairly impressed. Instead I give it an &quot;meh&quot;. Here's some pros and cons. Pros:- Room size: I know another reviewer said the rooms are small but I had a King standard room and it was nice sized for a NYC hotel. Not huge but definitely not cramped compared to places like the Hudson and other boutiques. Easy to move luggage around the bed on all sides. Decent sized bathroom as well. - Desk: A nice desk for working with ergo-looking chair- Amenities they had: 32&quot; Plasma is nice. Free hi-speed internet worked nicely. Iron and board in room. Nice plush robe if you like that.- Interior design: Modern but not over the top- Bed: Great bed. Firm but not hard. Good pillows too. Headboard is padded so you can lean up against it and watch TV. Linens were great too. The blanket on top of the duvet was super soft. - Chair &amp; small table: Nice touch adding that little table with the chair (see my photos!). Great space to work instead of at the desk. I never even used the desk even though I worked several hours in the room. - Room Key Card &amp; Lock: You just have to touch the card to a spot on the door. No swiping. Very nice when your hands are full. - HVAC: Very quiet (if you like it quiet)- Location: Close to good restaurants, subway, galleries, etc.Cons:- No coffee maker in room. I know they want you to eat there but c'mon. - No luggage stand. There was a lot of extra room by the door, perfect for a stand with my luggage but none was to be found. - Service at front desk. They were nice, but kind of spacey. I waited 5 minutes to check-in behind a group of people all talking, one of them to the front desk staff. I came to find out that they were leaving and just B.S.ing with the staff. No one noticed that I had arrived in the lobby (it's not that big) and obviously (hauling luggage/computer) wanted to check in. They should've noticed me and someone should've broke free of the conversation to take care of me since I thought the big group was checking in. - Room key card: It didn't work when I came back to room my second night. I met someone else in the lobby with the same issue as they fixed mine. Time to change room key vendors.- Price for breakfast: $21 is too much. I know it's a fine dining restaurant but this isn't the Ritz, people. - Shower: The non-moving glass wall in the way means you have lean half your body into the show to turn it on, getting your whole arm sprayed with cold water in the process. - Ironing board: The legs on mine were uneven and no matter where I moved it in the room, the board would lean enough to make the iron tip over. Fail! - Price: Got the room for $329/night on a not-so-busy week. It's not worth it when there's a Hilton Garden Inn two doors down that is practically the same rooms with more amenities and great beds for $100/night cheaper. - Signage: A couple of the elevator and hallway signs already had letters missing, and the hotel is only about a month old. Quality control, people!Overall, the hotel can do a bit more to really improve and pass up the competition in the immediate area, which is about as good (not as new or design-centric) for a good deal less $$. Close but no cigar, Indigo.	
Nov 3 2009 	Yawn...and not from the beds	This hotel is supposed to be new but it feels like I've stayed here before under a different name. Overall it's an okay hotel--but nothing special. The lobby is nondescript so you don't get a feel for what style it's aiming for. Then the rooms are minimal but not really from a designed pov. Almost feels skimpy moreso than understated 'cool'. The room is small without a real closet. The bathroom is large enough, but the shower isn't fully enclosed so it's a bit of an odd experience. NO coffee maker! Why? : ) Frankly it's several small amenities that are lacking that hurt the experience. I like the fact that it's very clean and refurbished but I am simply not impressed enough to recommend it as a great NY hotel.	
