Sep 25 2009 	Great place to stay!	My partner and I have stayed here several times. Each time we've stayed there it improves, not that it needs improving. They just get better each time.The lobby is very clean and there is always a smiling face at the desk. The rooms are small but just right. On this visit our room was larger than before. The bed is amazing. We had a bath tub and shower. Everything was spotless.There room service was fantastic like always. Try the chicken wrap, its very good. And if you want something sweet they have a cake.If you have the chance stay here!	
Jan 14 2009 	Nice quiet oasis	We had actually booked a room at Millennium's adjacent property the Broadway, but on checking in got bumped to the Premier. I suspect we had one of their lesser rooms - a queen bed when we'd requested a king, and no view to speak of - but it was still clean, quiet and spacious (especially for mid-town NYC!), with nice amenities like flat-screen TV, a comfortable lounging area in the room, and free continental breakfast and cocktail (well, actually beer &amp; wine) hour every evening.For the $220 or so we paid per night it was a great value, especially for the location - if we were paying anywhere near rack rate (more than double that) ... not so much.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great hidden gem	The premier is a boutique hotel within the Millenium Broadway. We were upgraded from teh Millenium and let me say we were delighted to be so. THe concierge service is second to none. Great rooms, decent size. Good evening reception and breakfast. Highly recommend	
Mar 28 2008	Not worth the additional expense.	I decided to try The Premier, which is the Millenium Broadway's more upscale hotel. They call it the premier portion of the Millenium Broadway.They have free cocktails and free cold breakfast. They also offer free cable Internet access.The room was quite nice with sofa, large desk area and good sized flat screen TV. That's where the good news ended. The cable internet was slow. It was quicker for me to use the wireless at Starbuck's on 45th Street. The shower stall had the waterpipe coming out of the wall about a foot above my head. The shower head was inflexible, so all I could get wet was my head and shoulders; the rest of my body couldn't get any water on it. Useless.I had issues with room keys and access to the elevator (which is by room key only).It was a premier price versus the Millenium Broadway, but not worth the additional cost.	
Mar 2 2008 	Nice place to stay	We stayed at the Premier 2 weeks after staying at the Casablanca. Both hotels are worth the visit. the room at the Premier was considerably larger than that at the Casablanca. We had to be moved to another room, as our first room had a terrible water leak and was somewhat dirty (stained sofa and bedspread). The breakfast and cocktails were more upscale than the Casablanca, but the staff wasn't nearly as friendly. Amenities were better, but I prefer the charm of the smaller hotel.	
Nov 30 2007 	No False note	I spent 6 days during thanksgiving week @ the premier.I choosed the hotel was based on the critics i had read on tripadvisor and i was not disappointed.The room was clean and spacious enough, well isolated from the noise outside. Large bathroom with bath and shower, nice amenities. breakfast was included in the price and was a self service buffet. Not amazing food but sufficient choice and always filled. Staff was very pleasant and welcoming.I was a little bit surprise by the lobby which was rather small and unpersonnal, probably explained by the fact that Premier is an annexe of the millenium hotel broadway next door. I didn't expected anything special but it looked more like some kind of office building hall than a luxury hotel to me. All in all, i found hotel common parts lacking of personnality, and overall aspect could probably be improved to look more luxurious than it is, but it's not really what matters to me.Again room was good and there were no false note of any kind during my stay....Except one thing, though it is not the responsability of the hotel.Beware of the Driver limo in front of the hotel. They do business in the back of the hotel with the help of a doorman, offering ride rates cheaper than the hotel rates (to go to the airport) but try to crook you at the end pretending highway taxes where not include in the price, though it was very clearly stated they were included by the doorman who offered the rate ....	
Oct 4 2007 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at The Premier for 5 nights during September and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. Check-in was fast and efficient. The room was bright and modern and the bathroom large with separate bath and shower. We had a view of the Chrysler Building from the side window and from the floor to ceiling front window could see the Paramount Clock and a few of the lights of Times Square. We were on the 20th floor it was so quiet at times we thought we were the only people in the hotel. The complimentary continental breakfast was very good. There were also complimentary drinks and hors d’oeuvres between 5 and 7 if you happened to be around at that time.The hotel’s location is just steps from Times Square and within walking distance of The Empire State Building, Central Park, Grand Central Station, etc. After a day out seeing the sights it was just great to walk through the doors into such a haven of peace and quiet and relax for a while. The staff were always polite, friendly and attentive and each time we returned to the hotel made us feel really welcome. We would certainly choose to stay here again.	
Sep 28 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous!!	I originally booked a superior room at the Millenium Broadway since I had a very good experience previously. I upgraded to a club room at The Premier at the last minute and I am so glad that I did. I arrived around 11am and my room was ready which was unexpected since check in is at 4pm. My room (1721) was amazing. The view was great, the room was clean and modern, and the bathroom spacious. The staff was courteous and pleasant. The complimentary breakfast in the mezzanine was better than I had expected. The location was perfect, right in the middle of times square! I definitely will be staying at The Premier when I go back to NYC.	
Sep 1 2007 	Terrific hotel wish it wasn't in Times Square!	As a frequent (2-3 times a month) business traveler to New York, I have no use whatsoever for Times Square - the visiting throngs make getting there and getting out of there a nightmare. That said, Millennium's Premier almost makes it worth running the gauntlet. Rooms are modern, serene, comfortable, and thoughtfully laid out. The bathroom is roomy and luxurious, scarcities in NYC. The staff is courteous, personable and adept, and checkin/checkout are a breeze. I never take advantage of hotel lounges or continental breakfasts, so I couldn't comment on those except to say it's nice to have them available. A bonus, because you're in an area not noted for its dining choices, is that Virgil's Barbecue is right across the street, Cafe 123 (an unexceptional but quite passable French bistro that's been a reasonably-priced mainstay for many years) a few doors down, and a fully-stocked deli/convenience store a bit further down the block. Cabs are surprisingly plentiful on 7th Avenue or Broadway (Times Square), because most tourist gawkers never leave the vicinity.I've stayed in most all of New York's big hotels and can say without qualification that the Premier is one of the nicest hotels in the city. And if it were over on 9th Avenue, or below 30th Street, or just about anywhere save Times Square, I'd probably stay there on every trip.	
Oct 31 2006 	The Premier	is like a wing of the much larger Millennium Broadway; I've stayed several times and really like it. Rooms are somewhat small but nicely appointed; extensive continental breakfast (i.e. no hot food) in the mezzanine lounge. My complaints: (1) No Comedy Central, so I can't watch the Daily Show each night. (2) the desk setup is a bit cramped. (3) The sign says I shouldn't show up to breakfast in the complimentary bathrobe -- why not?!	
Oct 5 2005	A Nightmare at the Premier	Upon entering my room (1019), I was shocked by a wall where the previous guest had scrawled, &quot;wash me&quot; in soot. I should have left then. If the housekeeping staff could overlook such obvious filth, what else in the room might have been overlooked and never properly cleaned?The room was cramped and unwelcoming. The carpeting and the room in general were dirty and unkempt. The uncomfortable sofa was a worn sectional in two pieces with wooden arms. There was no lap blanket. The magazines were piled carelessly on the table. There wasn’t even a pen in the room. A Zen garden with a broken rake rested on the desk.The ironing board was not properly attached to the door, so it banged loudly every time I opened the closet. There were no bathrobes and only three very small bath towels for two adults. The paint on the exposed ceiling pipe was peeling off.I cannot stress enough the disturbing effect of the hotel’s disappointing and dirty facilities had on me. We didn't book two rooms at a luxury hotel for nearly $900 a night to have such a shabby, careless and poorly maintained accommodation. On Sunday morning we never received an in room checkout or a hotel evaluation card, making me wonder if the staff suspected we would comment negatively about our stay. Prior to check out we called the desk for our car. We were told we had to go to the Millennium Hotel Bell Stand for information about it. We had to drag our luggage through thePremier to the Millennium lobby to the 45th Street entrance. The bellhop did not know how we would be able to get out of 6th Avenue. The parking attendant handed us our car keys and parking stub, left us facing a crowd of people and a wooden barricade, and told us to ask the police to let us drive through it. Only after we approached some NYC police officers did we get help. We had to turn our SUV around and the police officers guided us the wrong way down a one-way street. Finally we were on our way.When I am on a vacation I do not like to confront service personnel. I choose hotels and resorts with the highest ratings for service and accommodations. I do not want to voice complaints, have confrontations, or draw attention to myself. I try to choose recreation that is stress free. And mostly I do not want to be concerned about the sanitary conditions of my bed or bathroom.I looked at your web site before I booked. I expected a relaxing stay at a luxury hotel. Your advertisement clearly misrepresents the quality, service, facilities and attitude of the Premier.Your customer service director is quoted in one press release as saying she wants consistently satisfied customers and that the Premier guarantees it will &quot;meet and exceed the expectations of our guests.&quot; The Premier facilities are far from hitting that mark.My stay at the Premier last night was most unpleasant. I keep recalling the sooty writing on the wall and am unnerved by the unseen filth it may represent. I feel I have been grossly cheated, not only because of the high price I paid for a very bad experience but also because my weekend was so hurt by this situation. I can see no reason to stay at your hotel again and I will certainly share my experience with as many people as I can.I hope you will address my complaints and respond. I sent my letter September 18, 2005 and I have not heard anything from anyone at the Premier Hotel in New York City.	
Nov 13 2004	Superb	My husband and I stayed here in June 2003 for our honeymoon. Room was great extremely well furnished and comfortable. Close to Times Square and the theatre district would stay here again definately!We had complimentary beakfast buffet in the adjoining Millenium Broadway and the food was great.	
Aug 22 2004	All I can say is WOW!!!!!!!!.....This is the way a hotel should be	All I can say is WOW!!!!!!!!.....We got upgraded from the millenium Broadway to the Premier(which is a Mellenium hotel). Everything was just perfect. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was beautiful. If you are going to a broadway show this is the place to be. Half a block from Times square on 44th street. We will definitely be going back there again.	
