	Could not check in Hotel closed!	Prior to booking Hotel 99 I had read about renovations that were underway in the lobby and had even called Hotel 99 to confirm that works were being done, hence they offered a discounted rate although confirmed works were soon to finish and all of the rooms were completed and available to stay in..Like the two previous reviewers my girlfriend and I were stunned to find out that Hotel 99 had been closed by the fire department due to their alarm not being up to standard.Unfortunately we were only informed of this when we attempted to check in at 9pm on the night of Friday November 13 (Friday the 113 the strkes again!!). No email from the hotel or phopne call to tell me of this beforehand even though they had my contact details from the booking.The reception staff said we could not stay although they had arranged accomodation for us at another hotel. He also offered us $5 for the taxi (which would not cover the fare).What he did not mention was that the 'hotel' we were booked into was in fact a hostel. The hostel was fine for a hostel but we had booked and expected a room similar to that what Hotel 99 had offered us (TV, Queen bed, modern, clean). We ened up finding alternative more expensive but pleasant accomodation at Park 79 (which was very good value by the way).In summary do not trust this hotel. What sort of place tries to accept booking in full knowledge they do not have adequate safety and alarm systems in place. Thank god the fire department closed them down.There are numerous negative threads re Hotel 99 that people should read when deciding to stay here or not. I would suggest you dont stay at Hotel 99.	
Nov 26 2009 	Worst experience in my life!	They totally ruin my vacation !!! They wrote me a week before my arrival that staff cancel rooms in all hotel without compensation (some problem about fire security alarm). I planned to stay 9 days in NYC and spend around 6000 USD. They did not pay compensation for the losses. I had no chance to find a reasonable accommodation. Outrageous attitude of the staff. they did nothing for me. THIS CAN BE HAPPEN AGAIN AND LIKE HUNDREDS PEOPLE, THEY CAN FIRE YOU FROM YOUR ROOM, EVEN TROUGH YOU WILL STAY !!! NEVER AGAIN !	
Nov 16 2009 	Imminently Perilous to Life	This hotel was literally condemned while we were staying there. We came home at 12:30 in the morning to find a flier posted by the fire marshal saying the building was &quot;Imminently perilous to life&quot; and should not be entered.They originally said they would relocate us right away, but come 2 am they still had nothing for us and wouldn't even promise to put us somewhere. The next morning (at 7:30 am) we were directed to a new hotel that would have space for us. They refunded our stay to that point, but did not provide any support for the second location. For everything that happened to us, I heard others complaining of worse.At every point the service was insultingly bad and we learned not to trust anything said to us. Do not stay at this or any other hotel in the New York Inns Hotel Group.	
Oct 24 2009 	Best Value In Manhattan	Stayed here for 7 days, queen bed and private bathroom. The rooms were larger than I expected and well equipped with writing desk, bedside tables, drawers, flat screen tv, and a very comfortable bed. Bathroom was clean and well equipped, and the shower was spacious. Good location on 99th, in a relatively quiet area, with the subway only 3 blocks away, and plenty of restaurants etc to choose from. Staff were extremely helpful, friendly and courteous. The hotel is not quite finished with rooms on the top two floors still being completed, and the elevator is not yet operational, but the staff will carry your luggage for you. We paid $99 plus tax per night (promotional deal): this has to be the best deal in Manhattan. I would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Hotel 99 - almost 100%! Great deal in NYC!	We stayed 3 nights (Oct. 15-18, 2009) at the Hotel 99 in a double room with two double beds and a private bedroom. The room was awesome! Well decorated in a modern style having a large LCD TV, perfect size. The bathroom had a shower and bathtub closed by glass doors. Everything clean, new and showing good taste! Indeed very nice. As the hotel is still in construction (elevator is not ready yet), they have special rates, so it is a great deal in NYC. Hotel 99 is well located in the middle of Upper West Side, close to the metro station. Neighborhood is quiet and safe. The staff is very professional, friendly and helpful - (special thanks to Luigi!). Please visit their website for pictures, because we forgot to take any from the room.Surely we will return to this hotel and we definitively recommend it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice Discovery	We got a double room with a queen bed and private bathroom for $110 plus tax, in this new place in the Upper West Side, Broadway &amp; 99 st. We discovered this place somehow in the web, but there were very few reviews and I noticed that there is a Hostel 99 that could be mistaken for this. The web page looks great and the prices quite affordable, so we take the risk and booked a room here. The place is not finished yet, some areas are still in construction, but the rooms are fully finished and at least the one we got was pretty nice. Not a big room, not a small one. Everithing brand new, quite clean, quite confortable. The metro station tree blocks away, a quiet neigborhood... In such an expensive place like Manhattan, finding this clean, modern, confortable and yet affordable is such a nice discovery. I recomend it.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great value for a New York Hotel	Hotel was still under construction on some floors. How ever the completed rooms were first rate. Staff very helpful. Location on Upper West Side was pleasant and more friendly than the more tourist orientated areas of the city. Access was easy on the subway to Times Square etc.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great find - best deal in New York City	I was looking for a hotel on the Upper West Side to stay in after a concert evening in New York City when I came across Hotel 99. First of all the hotel is not finished yet the lobby was still being completed. Because of that, the hotel offers a big discount. That being said, the room we stayed in was very nice - neat, tastefully decorated, maybe not opulent but certainly very comfortable. It had a flat screen TV and I notice some very intricate stonework on the walls in the bathroom - it certainly is not a cheap sleeper. And with the price they offered, it is easily the best bargain in New York.	
Oct 11 2009 	Best value hotel in Manhattan	Stayed int he new Hotel 99 for 2 days during my business trip to the City,. I made my reservation online and was prepared for a budget accommodation since they are still doing some renovation work. I was pleasantly surprise - rooms are brand new, great location, large LCD TV and free Internet access! Since they have a special promotional rates it is probably the best bargain hotel in New York at the moment. Great find!	
Nov 10 2009 	Un ottimo hotel sta nascendo		
Nov 1 2009 	Ottima scelta!		
Oct 23 2009 	No se puede pedir más		
