Nov 22 2009 	Lovely but perhaps too much of a club and not enough of a hotel	The title sums it up.SH is located in a fabulous part of twon, trendy, not too noisy and busy, but easy to get to the main event.The hotel itself is great. Our room was beautiful, fabulous bathroom (the bath in particular). Very smart, cool and comfortable. I say that but actually we found our bed too hard, but when we complained, they upgraded us the next day and we were very happy.The only thing about the hotel itself that I didn't like was the smell in the corridors. Don't know what it was but it was sort of musty and off sweet if that helps! Otherwise, breakfast was fantastic, we had the continental brekkie and that was perfect, freshly baked muffins...mmmm. The bar is beautiful, fun, and very busy. We also used the free internet service and that was very useful. The upstairs pool deck is really cool, in summer it'll be great.Our only real gripe was that we felt that hotel guests come second to the club members and people who drink there. It is a private club, and was extremely busy, and we were less important than the others. The staff seemed a bit fake and uncaring to us. That's been mentioned before on this forum, (as has the smelly corridor!) so maybe there's something in it (or maybe not).Anyway, we had a great stay, but might try somewhere else next time.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good stuff	We had a great stay...read together the previous reviews sum it upPROLocation: shops, restuarants, highline etcFunky roomsPool terrace and bar Staff really helpfful: conciege, rooftopFood and drink: though a bit pricey for some cocktailsExclusive, young, hip vibeMassive roomsLovely bath in room, and bathroom tooCONBusy on roof at timesNoise between roomsNoisy air con (though didnt use on second night and room was not too hot)Rooms a bit dark - lighting could be better in sofa areaIN SUMIf you want great location, atmostphere AND rooftop/pool then this cant be beaten	
Aug 4 2009 	Total rip off	Noisiest hotel we've ever stayed in, we could hear couples arguing all night next door, the walls are so thin we could have joined in! Prank calls to our room in the middle of the night, high heels from the floor above, loud music at all hours, absurdly pretentious staff, smelly corridors, wires hanging from the ceiling, view over a rubbish strewn vacant lot...all this for $800 a night.Don't waste your money on this place! Far nicer places in NYC than this.	
Jul 20 2009 	Outstanding	I stayed here with three friends a fortnight ago, having originally stayed on my own five years ago when it first opened, and I have to say that this remains a fantastic hotel experience - even though its not formally a hotel. It's almost as if someone actually put some thought into what is offered! Let me tell you why Soho House is the best place to stay in New York, at least during the Summer when the pool is buzzing:1. The rooftop pool is a dream in the Summer. There is nothing like having your (free) continental brekky on a sun lounger by the pool at 9am. And, of course, lots of girlies by the pool come the evening .... (And kids in the morning, note, one of whom threw up next to us!). Cute and highly competent wait staff too.2. Free access to Soho House events during your stay. There was an Independence Day party on the roof on the Saturday we arrived, a 'sundown' party on the Sunday and various screenings in the private cinema. No charge for any of this.3. They have a pool table, table football table and loads of board games in the bar, which is rarely busy. And free wi-fi everywhere.4. Fantastic front desk staff who are always happy to chat and book stuff for you (a Soho House concierge also has more clout, I would guess, than a standard hotel concierge).5. Always taxis parked outside (it is semi-pedestrianised outside the front door so cabs can park up)6. No attitude. No-one who works here thinks they are better than the customers. If you've ever stayed at any 'design' property where the staff think they are doing you a favour by serving you, you'll find this a breath of fresh air.7. The meatpacking district is great for shopping, drinking and eating (at least, it is if converted warehouses are your thing) and its walkable to Greenwich Village and the West Village as well7. The rooms are well designed - have a look at the website photos - although a liking for warehouse living helps! Great rainfall showers with built in steam room in the larger rooms. Even the smallest ones work well, although the bigger ones (mine was 750 sq ft) make the biggest statements.8. The selection of freebies I have ever seen in a hotel room. Way beyond the usual toothbrush / razor found at a five-star. Also a selection of USEFUL magazines like Time Out and restaurant / bar guides. Some very interesting mini-bar items as well, including silicone lubricant! The price list also mentioned silk bondage ropes but I never found them!It is well worth considering for your next NY trip if you think it is your kind of scene. They do last minute specials, see website, so if the prices are a bit high for your budget you could hold a flexible reservation elsewhere and then rebook at Soho House a couple of weeks before you travel.	
May 20 2009 	Good Service good hotel	I was there last spring and I have a good memory of my two week trip of leisure and business, the location is my favorite but Ive like seven times to NYC and there are better hotels. Still, the location is my favorite and the service is top 3! Good memories!	
Feb 2 2009 	The staff was GREAT!!!!!	I held a private party at this hotel in January 2009. The staff was excellent, asking for my input on how I wanted the room setup and proceeding to provide suggestions on how to make it work for my needs. Everyone was very accommodating and it made me feel very comfortable to know that I didn't need to worry about a thing. When my guests arrived, they continued to be very helpful, courteous, and friendly. The next day, I received emails and phone calls requesting to be invited to the next party, my guests liked the party so much. I was pleasantly surprised, as it was a one time thing, but since the feedback about another party (with food this time they said), I'm planning another one in March. Who would have thunk it?Next time I may stay over after my party.	
Jan 9 2009 	Classy and so new yoik!!	Anyone who has seen the dreadful acting of Geri Halliwell in that 'Sex and the City' episode you would no doubt have seen Soho House New York where Ms. Halliwell tells samantha about how brilliant it is, well sad to say, that was the only thing convincing about her performance. Yes, Soho House is brilliant it is so 'New York' you wont believe, the service was impeccable and the rooms were spacious and really individual, vintage furniture rubbed shoulders with the modern. Great sound system, and an oversized bath freestanding in the middle of the room were also one of the highlights. The location is also ideal, slap bang in the middle of the meatpacking district with greenwich village in walking distance.	
Jan 4 2009 	Amazing hotel	From the moment we called to book the a room at the soho house it was incredible. There rate was different then a rate we saw online, and instead of arguing, they said the customer was always right and gave us the competitve rate. I was having a few girlfriends stay the night for my birthday, and I am100 % sure I chose the right place. I booked the playground and the room right below that, and both were incredibly huge! There was also such a great attention to detail within the room. From the mini bar, to DVDs, and bathroom products, to the draw filled with games...My girlfriends and I literally walked into these rooms and squeeled. It was so fun, and very different, and when more people came up to have drinks with us, the front desk was very friendly. ( i was nervouse that since it was a private club they might be weird about it) We got a noise complaint, but the staff was very kid about it. I cant stress the staffs eagerness to please. I have stayed in a nuber of 5 star NYC hotels, and this was had a special something that will keep me coming back on future stays.	
Dec 3 2008 	wonderful.	stayed here for my honeymoon last july (2008). The spa was fantastic and I had the best back massage I have ever had, also the cowshed products are lovely, but beware that anything you use in the room will be charged for. The attention to detail and location were both excellent and the roof-top bar was very fashionable, and had great views.However, the concierge staff were hopeless and not particularly enthusiastic and the roof-top pool is far too small! Food was good but certainly not exceptional. Go for the trendy factor, the shopping location and the spa. Not particulaly romantic either. A 4 star.	
Oct 15 2008 	Love it!	Great Hotel. I've stayed there about 4 times now and will keep coming back. Stunning decor and wonderful service, this is a perfect hotel. Unfortunately as its so good sometimes it gets fully booked! Sadly this summer I couldn't get in and ended up at The Roosevelt hotel (don't stay there people, its a dive!). I will make sure I stick to the Soho House only in future!	
Aug 9 2008 	Great fun	Stayed here for 5 nights . Overall - a great place to stay.  Playhouse Room was v.good ,very spacious ,lots of nice features and furniture although starting to look a little tired .Rooftop pool packed everyday with club members . Rooftop restaurant and bar very good with very helpful staff . Great Mojitos.Excellent location - surrounded by bars ,restaurants and clubs . Area is busy until 4.00/5.00AM	
Jun 21 2008 	Mixed Feelings	During a recent trip to New York, my boyfriend and I spent two nights at the Soho House, followed by three at the Mercer. Whilst our experience at the Mercer was nothing short of fantastic, our feelings towards the Soho House were somewhat mixed.Beginning with the positive;Rooms - we stayed in one of the Playhouse rooms which was beautiful and spacious. Loved the huge ornate bed, chandelier, egg shaped bath, french-style wardrobe, the selection of goodies in the living area and spacious bathroom with full size Cowshed products! Cowshed spa - beautiful and relaxing - treatments excellent!Location - very funky, loads going on. Great shops; Diane Von Furstenburg/Stella McCartney/La Perla. Great restaurants; Fig &amp; Olive on West 13th Street was particularly good. Great Bars; Spice Market/Pastis/some outdoor garden one.And the not so great;Service - insincere and pretentious for the most part. Constant vying for tips became extremely irritating. Staff should not be allowed to stand in front of you and wait for their tip! Guests were rushed out of the breakfast area on one occasion due to a photo shoot!Roof top pool - disappointing - not how I imagined. Small, crowed, horrible white furniture - certainly not the hip space shown on the websiteOn the whole, our stay at the Soho House was good, but not great. With better trained staff, this place could be so much better!	
Jun 3 2008 	bring ear plugs!	off all the places to stay in new york the meatpackers district is the place to be. atmospheric, although rapid property development means the area is losing some of its character, packed with fab shops and restaurants and pretty cobbled streets. Of the 2 hotels in the district soho house is definetly funckier than its neighbour hotel gansevoort. The hotel decor, quality of rooms and location can not be faulted. The only disapointment was the food an evening meal in the restaurant was really poor, although they did quickly take the meal off the bill. We decided not to eat there again but the choice of restaurants in the area makes up for it. Florent, Pastis, Budakkan, Spice Market and Budda Bar are all within staggering distance off the hotel For a real sex in the city experience just around the corner magnolia bakery and carries house on Perry street are worth checkin out. There is only one problem with the hotel and thats the noise. The double glazing and the sound proofing is pants. We arrived jetlagged on a saturday and went to bed at 11pm 5 hours later we were still trying to sleep as the sound of traffic, horns and revellers invaded our room, pergatory! Noise in the hotel is not much better, doors slamming and you can here other people rattling aroung in their rooms.The staff were not very sympathetic about the issue. Its a real shame as we spent most of our day feeling exhausted from lack of sleep. sleep in the city, no chance	
Oct 15 2007 	Fabulous weekend break at SHNY	Just returned from a weekend break in NY to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. I decided to treat us to SHNY as I had heard a lot about it - and it lived up to my expectations.We had a Playroom on the 4th floor - the second grade of room - and I thought that it was very spacious for NY and very good value at the price of $750 plus tax. The decor is quite masculine, chunky and dark - but there is a huge window and we had a great view. The bed was HUGE and comfy and the &quot;maxi&quot; bar had decent bottles of spirits - no icky minature bottles - and a cocktail shaker.The bathtub is shiny and red, and the shower (in a separate room) huge and powerful... and we both enjoyed the selection of Cowshed products and the pullout &quot;vanity&quot; drawer with toothpaste etc. - so much more stylish than lining them up on the sink! Note to girls: this is the first hotel I have EVER stayed in (and I travel pretty much every week with work) that has HAIR STRAIGHTNERS in addition to a dryer provided. We had (what proved to be a three course extravagenza) breakfast in the restaurant - fabulous food and a glass of champagne each for a total of $100. We also tried the bar on Friday evening and the cocktails were fab... it wasn't the coolest place on earth, but it was fun and the drinks were excellent.The concierge could not have been more helpful - making us dinner and brunch reservations, booking a car from the airport etc. All great recommendations and completed with no fuss.The drawbacks? Arrive late on a Friday (like we did) and you will wait in line to check in amongst the liggers attempting to get into the bar. We tried to have a look at the pool early on Sunday morning and the staff there were surly and rude - and for some bizarre reason barked at me aggressively when I tried to take a photo of the view from the roof! To the detractors in other reviews: Yes, the Meatpacking is a noisy area and i imagine that if you are on the 5th floor immediately below the bar (6th) then you would get some noise from there too. Yes, there were some less than polite members around the place. Yes, the TV/DVD/Soundsystem are impossible to decipher. But I'd still go back like a shot - and recommend it to all my friends. I'd even consider taking my mother there.	
Oct 6 2007 	It was great...	The staff were incredible. The room was the best I've ever had in New York, and given the price - try to compare in lower manhattan - how can you complain?	
Sep 11 2007 	Fabulous rooftop pool	We spent a great night at the Soho House, and we fell in love with the rooftop pool and cafe. The pool itself is very small -- but there weren't too many people actually swimming in it (and we saw only one person get their hair wet). No, this is a place to enjoy the view of river and skyline, to sip cocktails (ordered from the efficient wait staff) and to have a delicious lunch. The chic crowd made me feel a little frumpy, but the attitude quotient was low for a place this trendy, so we had a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon. Our room was pleasant, too, though less special. Our room (one of the smaller ones) was still quite spacious, though that's partly because there's no separate bathroom. Sink, tub and shower stall are all in the main room. (There's a small closet for the toilet.) I think I might find that wearing during a long stay, when I might want to catch a few extra minutes sleep while my husband is showering.Other positives: The bed was extremely comfortable. Service in general was friendly and helpful. Free wireless service. Room is supplied with a few DVD's, in case you have a late-night urge to watch a movie. Location in the Meatpacking district, especially if you're into clubbing.Negatives: The controls for AV system were impossible to decipher. I don't think there was an iPod dock -- strange for a place this up to date. Uncomfortable chairs that are too small for the accompanying table. The &quot;black hole&quot; between the huge credenza and the wall: easy to knock jewelry into it, much harder to retrieve it.Would I come back here in the winter, when the pool is closed? Maybe not, but I know I'll be back next summer.	
Sep 4 2007 	Best Hotel Experience Ever	Just got back from a weekend at this hotel. It was a 15th anniversary treat and after reading a few reviews I was a bit worried to be honest. Fortunately the whole experience was excellent from start to finnish. All of the staff were friendly and polite and went out of their way to help despite the fact that they were busy. The front desk and concierge are worth there weight in gold and seem to have some kudos within the local area with regards to restaurant reservations and entry to clubs.The room booked was the playpen, one of the smaller rooms, but still very spacious nicely designed, well appointed and with some really good touches. You get to use all of their spa products for free and the beds are excellent. The room was on the 5th floor overlooking the main street, but you could hardly here a thing, we had a small amount of noise from a bar a few floors above, but this stopped promptly at midnight. My only slight gripe about the room was the overly complicated remote controls for the plasma and surround sound, which we eventually sussed. The shower was probably the most powerful I've ever experienced, fully capable of seperating skin from flesh, which was quite apt being in the Meat Packing District.The hotel facilities are excellent, with the jewel in the crown of course being the roof top pool area and bar. Despite the super chic using this area, it didn't fell clicky and was an inviting place to be. We actually met people that had been in New York all weekend and hardly left the bulding. There is an excellent spa facility in the hotel and I thoroughly recomend the fully body massage....seriously fell asleep at the end of it.The main bar and club room, were hardly used whilst we were there, but I can imagine them being busy during the winter months. We didnt get a chance to check out the cinema or library, so cant reallycomment.As for the location of the hotel. Its right in the centre of the Meat Packing District (MPD) which is supposed to be the new place to be for trendy media types. The street itself has quite a few restaurants and bars, with lots of trendy shops, bars and clubs in the area. My recomendations are Spice Market and Pastis.Final tip, get to the pool early as it can get busy.	
Jun 1 2007	Soho House New York	Myself and a couple of friends decided to go on a shopping trip to New York. We thought it best to take advantage of the exchange rate. I looked for a hotel on Mr &amp; Mrs Smith. We have used them a few of times before, and have always been really pleased with the hotels they recommend – definitely a brand that you can trust for quality. Plus, as a Smith member benefit we received complimentary cowshed products from the hotel, which are really amazing, such a treat! We had a great time in New York and Soho House was exactly as I imagined; the service was impeccable and the hotel was so chic. We loved the rooftop pool as well, it was just how I remember it from Sex &amp; the City! The hotel is located in downtown so its ideally situated for getting around the city. The staff recommended how best to use our time and helped with theatre bookings and restaurant recommendations.A pleasure from booking the trip right to flight back, I’ve still got some of my free gift left for when I feel like really pampering myself.	
May 5 2007 	NEVER AGAIN	I was recommended to try the Soho House Hotel for a recent short stay in NYC and what a big mistake.The staff have just no idea. Booked us a run-down van for our airport transfers, offered us a room with space for five hangers, knowing we were travelling for two weeks etc etc. On top of this the staff were extremely snooty and tried to play this intricate game of &quot;Let's-play-that-we-are-equal-although-I-know-that-I-am-far-more-important-than-you&quot; game.Furthermore, the room that we finally settled into was terribly run down. Although there was a stale smell of paint in the room throughout our stay we never saw any newly-painted walls not to mention the furniture with serious nicks and marks.Enquiring at the front desk, I was told that club members never stayed with them any longer - no wonder. Neither will I.	
May 3 2007 	Beyond all expectations	My girlfriend and I stayed at Soho House for 3 nights just over a month ago. In short, our stay was incredible.I wanted a special hotel for our visit to New York, as I was planning to propose to my girlfriend whilst away. I contacted a number of hotels, including the Mercer and the Gansevoort, and decide that Soho House was the best option.The reason for this decision was that I not only loved the look of the rooms and location of the hotel but was very impressed by the manner in which the hotel was happy to help me with my plans, so to ensure that my proposal was as special as possible.On the first night we stayed in a Playroom, which was very cool (the photos on the website don't do it justice). On our second day I aranged for my girlfriend to have some spa treatments during the afternoon (including a manicure). Whilst she was in the spa, the hotel staff helped me move our luggae into a Playground room. This room was amazing. It is over 1000 sq ft of urban chic/cool. We (being me and the hugely helpful hotel staff) set the room up with 50+ candles etc and set the scene for my proposal.When my girlfriend had finished having her treatment, Bryony (one of the managers at Soho House, and my partner in crime in arranging the whole set-up) told her that our room had experienced a leak and that we had been moved into another room. She then led her through to the room and from there the proposal went perfectly (she said yes by the way).In addition to all of the above the hotel staff (particularly Michael) were incredible in making all our reservations for us during our stay. Nothing was too much trouble and nothing seemed to be a problem.We have stayed at some remarkable hotels before, particularly Cliveden and Le Manoir in the UK, but this hotel is by far and away our favourite. The rooms, location, bar and spa are special enough, but once you combine that with the service we received you could not ask for more. I would recommend this to anybody that wants to embrace down-town New York and will be forever grateful to Bryony and her team for everything they did to make our stay so perfect.	
Apr 13 2007 	Soho House- the best intimate hotel	I stayed at Soho House just before christmas.Arrived way ahead of check-in but they were able to provide us with our room at 10am.Booked a playroom and they upgraded us to a playground which was alot of fun.The front desk asked if they could arrange anything for us, if we'd like to plan to go out that night...very helpful indeed.The restuarant is fabulous and very chilled place to relax in the midst of the buzzing city.The cowshed spa was amazing and the entire hotel smelt heavenly. The staff are very professional and helpful yet not pushy- which I really appreciate.The hotel is next door to Pastis, Markt and the Spice Market. All great understated restaurants. I knowa few reviewers have thought Soho House as being pretentious and the whole 'do u know who i am' syndrome of its patrons. I really didn't witness any or feel this from anyone- the hotel or its guests. I am going back in June and really looking forward to it as i'm taking alot of friends with me.If you are reading this and wondering whether u should stay here or not- Please ignore the bad reviews and go for it. It is a great little gem in the city and shouldn't be missed. It is expensive- but worth it. In New York I have stayed at sixty thompson (great location- and Kittichai restaurant is great), The gansevoort (a little tacky -but adequate -It is also almost opposite Soho House) and the Mandarin Oriental (amazing views &amp; service) and have to say Soho House comes out on top in my opinion- for location, comfort, service, &amp; it's quirky yet chic style. It ticks all the boxes. You get a bit of everything- and its packaged beautifully. My sister struggled to tear herself away from Soho House during our stay- it has that effect- its like a home away from home. You're just so comfortable and have everything there. I'm looking forward to using the pool during my next trip.This place is just unique.Enjoy!	
Mar 25 2007 	Just perfect	Stayed here for three nights before heading off to wedding in Hamptons and wanted the best experience I could get for the short stay. It certainly was! The hotel is cosy, intimate and once you discover the sound doors between your main door and bedroom there is no noise whatsoever from anything and you would never guess you were in NYC. The rooms were delightful and very spacious for New York with a fabulous bathroom. The wonderful babington House toiletries. However luck was on our side when in the middle of October they opened the pool as the weather was 24 degrees so with just only a few people upstairs this made it truly a magical experience. I am very fussy as fussy goes and Four Seasons is my benchmark but Soho House truly is an independant, quality driven hotel experieince that is for me the no 1 in NYC!! Loved the food, breakfast, dining room overlooking the Hudson River,the service, the calm about the place and the staff were exceptional. Thank you for a great time and loved every minute!	
Feb 18 2007	Posh hotel snooty staff	A friend of mine knows a member of The Soho house, so we booked our room through him. First the pros:The location is fabulous! Right in the heart of the Meat Packing districtThe room was very spacious (we stayed in a &quot;Playpen Room&quot; on the 5th floor), a loft-style room with a wonderful lay out and many amenities, including an enormous bathtub in the middle of the room. The Cowshed spa products in the room were great. The shower which doubled as a steam room was large with good water pressure. The club upstairs is what I expected in NYC; very posh, great for socializing and people watching. We actually stopped in there every night of our three night stay.Cons:The bed was so uncomfortable.The staff could not have been more rude. Be sure to not use that wonderful Bose system they provide (noise violation) and especially remember not to wear heals. Of all the places I've ever stayed, I've never been told I couldn't wear heals in my room because the VIP guest below us was complaining. We were told twice (11pm on Thurs and 11pm on Fri) that we were being too loud due to the VIP guest complaints from downstairs and that if we did not correct the problem we would get kicked out. Now, I love to have music playing but think I am very respectful of others and kept the volume to a normal level, so I was shocked when I was told we were being too loud at 11pm. The staff deactivated our room keys after our second night and both my friend and I had to ask to have them activated again. My friend was followed to our room by the staff because they didn't believe she was staying there when she came in one morning. As a member of the Soho house I am sure you are treated like royalty, but as a non-member it's much different. Even though I loved the club, room, and location of the hotel, I would never stay here again due to the lack of service and sub-par treatment of the staff. My husband and I loved the Hotel Gansenvoort across the street.	
Nov 27 2006 	IN the Thick of It here. Our Favorite NYC Hotel By Far.	OK, this is one of THE coolest &amp; BEST hotel clubs ever. The Decor is fabulous. Really comfortable AND trendy w/out being pretentious. My husband &amp; I are members here &amp; every time we come into the city, providing they have rooms, we stay here. We have sampled every room except The Playground (the largest). They were all fantastic &amp; clever w/all the comforts &amp; mod cons you could want (they’ve even added ipod docks).My husband &amp; I have stayed in 9 NYC hotels so far: The Ganesvoort, The Maritime, Tribeca Grand, Soho Grand, Chambers, Hudson Hotel, The W Union Sq., New York Palace &amp; Waldorf. We used to live in the city as well &amp; have ate &amp; hung out in many hotels as well. Soho House is by far, our favorite. DO NOT come here if you are looking to rest &amp; relax only. It's pretty much a party hotel. The bar scene is still happening &amp; the Meatpacking District is very hot. New York is noisy PERIOD people!! HELLO?? You cannot control the external goings on of the city!! The rooms....you can hear people turning on the water, or slamming the door....depending on where your room is, you can hear more. Just bring a set of earplugs (if your sensitive) to be safe. Also - never had a problem with bringing in more than the allotted # of guests. Staff have always been really nice &amp; the crowd is cool &amp; minds their own business for the most part (you get a few affected city snobs now &amp; then but who really cares)?! You know why you don’t care...?? B’c the place is so great. You can even smoke in the Games room. One of the last places in the city where it’s allowed. The Pool is TINY (again, city hotel, don’t expect a giant pool) &amp; beware the children! They had to put a new rule into affect with times &amp; how many kids are allowed. It’s quite the scene up there so if you get a seat, hold on for dear life but I couldn’t be bothered after a while. It was too noisy w/the kids. I used to go up on overcast days &amp; relax. One of my favorite things about the hotel is the smell believe it or not! The Spa (Cowshed) makes their own organic products on the farm of it’s sister Hotel Babington House (see below). As guests, they give you the array of products to use during your stay &amp; they aren’t stingy...you get big bottles (however, not to take, b’c they recycle the bottles) &amp; you know everyone just tries almost everything. Therefore, the yummy smell of all of those ingredients like Lavender, Calendula, Cinnamon, etc... Seems to have permeated the walls of the Hotel. Anyway – it’s great! If you get a chance to experience it, do so But again NOT if you want a restful hotel. Also - they have a sister club in Somerset, England called Babington House which we've stayed in about a dozen x's. It's fantastic! If you're ever in that area, you should really stay there. It’s modern living in the country but it doesn’t overwhelm you with how cool it is. You still know you are in the English Countryside AND you’re not having to sleep on Chintz or walk around a drafty &amp; damp old Inn.	
Aug 1 2006	excellent boutique hotel	My husband and I travel all around the world in the best hotel and I will describe the Soho house as been at the top of the boutique hotel. The room was fantastic, we loved the heteroclit style. The location of the hotel is in hype district full of good restaurant. The lounch bar on teh roof floor is great in summer. The only thing I dislike is the that the swimming pool is invaded by mums and noisy kids who are memebers and none residents of the hotel.	
Jun 21 2006	as a staff member	Ive worked as a bartender for the Soho house for 2 years. Our hotel is stunning, the staff is outrageously knowledgeable about things to do in town, our menu, liquors and wine. (Far more than most) The pool is very nice I mean for crying out loud its a pool in New York City...there arent many and by way of rooftop pools there are 5 in total. As for the comment that the staff was rude to you...one cant imagine how many times hotel guest drop the line &quot;dont you know who I am&quot; (this rarely comes from members) and always comes as a result of last call, a fully booked restaurant, or the dreaded alcohol cutoff. We try very hard to be accomadating but some people are impossible to please. Might I suggest traveling for pleasure rather than traveling to feel like your in-the-know, you may fair better in peoples response to you and your overall experience.	
Feb 24 2006	Wonderful	I'm surprised by some of the comments posted for Soho House, we had no issue with noise or staff being rude. The hotel had a lovely atmosphere, a low hum of noise in all the right places (it is NY city after-all!) and the staff went out of their way to be helpful; one night they even gave us the entire cinema to ourselves because the tv in our room wouldn't play a dvd, furthermore they brought us room service and blankets which we felt was a nice touch.All the positive comments here re. style of rooms, quality of food etc are spot on, although I loved exploring NY city, I found myself wanted to make regular stop-offs at the hotel to take advantage of the room and restaurant.When I go back to NY, I will be staying here again.	
Feb 23 2006	Great hotel for the hard of hearing	My husband and I stayed at the Soho House recently for one night. While the hotel staff was friendly, the room was fantastic and the bar was a nice place to have a drink before venturing out to dinner, it did not make up for the absurdly excessive noise level from the surrounding night clubs. I am a native New Yorker and consider myself fairly immune to the din of the city but I have never experienced anything like this before. It started around midnight the noise from people talking outside our window waiting to get into the clubs, continued with the sound of cab horns honking ever 2 minutes, bottles clanking and the grand finally of night club personnel directing cab traffic when the club closed at 3:30am! We mentioned the noise level to the staff the next morning and they said there was nothing they could do about it as all the rooms face the street and they are surrouned by night clubs. This was supposed to be a relaxing, peaceful night away for us and turned out to be the exact opposite. Unfortunately, we will never stay here again and will not recommend it for anyone else unless you are planning to take full advantage of the nightlife in the area.	
Feb 23 2006 	What are they talking about	Having stayed at The Soho House around 15 times since it opened I cannot believe the reviews I read. Yes there are elements that could be improved, but isn't that the case with everything in life.The noise issue has been fixed with new windows, the TV's have even been fixed. The staff are super friendly and helpful and will try and accommodate you in any way possible.In regards to the roof, it isn't Soho House's fault if a TV program made their space look bigger, that program isn't real life!!On the whole, I have enjoyed every stay, even when there is a problem the staff and management have gone out of there way to make it up.I would recommend people try it our for themselves.	
Jan 30 2006	Bad but not in the ways I expected	I travel extensively and I try to stay in the best places. Money is not an issue so long as I get a good product. I was a bit worried about booking Soho House given the reviews posted here about bad service. In fact, I found all the staff wonderful. I was never asked to identify myself upon entering the club. I even brought in eight guests both days for drinks etc. which contravenes club rules, but the staff were perfectly accommodating. Indeed, the service was super-attentive for food, drinks etc. The room was also fabulous with one of the best showers ever. The BIG problem was noise. It is absolutely impossible to get to sleep before 3am due to the noise from people coming out of the Hotel Gansevoort opposite and the constant honking of taxi cab horns. It drove me to distraction. Moreover, because of the design of the rooms, with cool Bose surround sound, if you listen to TV in your room at a normal volume, next door has a booming volume level. We were woken at 8am by a guy playing TV and went to ask him to turn it down. It was amazing that it was louder in our room than his. So all in all, no matter how gorgeous a room and how wonderful the staff, if you don't get a good night's sleep -what's the point?!	
Jan 5 2006	Beautiful rooms but terrible service	My husband and I are members of this private club and have stayed here quite often, most recently in Summer, 2005. We live in the neighborhood and book for special occassions. I do have to agree that even though we have been members for two years running, and the rooms and amenities are the best I have seen anywhere, the staff is terrible. The service has always been horrible and the one attentive and competent staff member they had just moved to Germany. You can sit in the club for an hour without anyone offering you so much as a drink or a menu. I have had other issues with the staff. A female manager was so rude to me one time she almost had me in tears. Fortunately, she has now been move to the back of the house and away from dealing with the public. There is also a guy who works the main door and he should be slapped (as one of the other reviews stated) as every time I enter, he has such attitude. Also, the food stinks and drinks are overpriced.If you want an absolutely beautiful room and not feel like you are staying in an overpriced closet (most upscale NYC rooms are pricey, AND the size of a closet) then this is the place to be, if you don't mind looking elsewhere for food, courtesy, and service. The prices have creeped up (I can't say gradually) over two years, mainly due to the popularity of the place and the limited quantity of rooms (and also the stupid place was featured in an episode of &quot;Sex in The City&quot;, and the only way to get in is to be a member or rent a room, so every yahoo wants a part of it.)If they weren't so busy expanding to L.A., etc. Maybe Mark (The G.M.) would be present to pay attention to the behavior of his staff... but alas, he's not around much anymore, and so has to rely on the 'he said/she said' of staff vs. guests/members to resolve disputes. Unfortunately, at Soho House, the 'customer' is not always right (actually, rarely is.)	
Nov 12 2005	Beautiful Hotel	Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel last year. I have to say it really is beautiful, gorgeous interior design, fab spa with the best pedicure ever, spacious rooms with a generous supply of bath and hair products from the Cowshed range. The location is uber cool with fantastic restaurants such as the Spice Market and Pastis and boutiques if you feel like sending your credit card into meltdown.My only complaints are that the bar was closed one evening for a 'staff party' of all things so food and drinks were not being served. Also as numerous people have commented that the staff do not make an effort to get to at least recognise your face and you are greated every time you walk into the lobby with &quot;yes can i help you&quot; you must show you card every time you enter although they do not tell you this upon arrival.The food is also slightly overpriced at $60 for 2 english breakfasts with coffee and juice, although the quality is good you can get a fab breakfast at Pastis for $25. In the bar try the divine Lycee MartiniOverall if you can put the frosty service to the back of your mind this is the place to stay in New York	
Oct 10 2005	Expensive...but mainly worth it!	There seems to be some really varied reviews about the Soho House and I would like to share my total experience...I would have to agree with the previous review, the rooms are quite noisy. This is because the Soho House is in the trendy Meat Packing district of New York and from 11pm the cab drivers descend upon the area to pick up the revellers.I would also have to agree that the roof area is smaller than I expected, but understand it is about to undergo some work, so it may improve, but it really isn't that bad.The bedrooms are absolutely fabulous - huge beds and a fantastic bath at the end of the bed. The shower has an in-built steam-room facility - pure luxury. The TV in our room was fine, as was the quality of the sound.I expressed my concern over the outside noise to the staff after the first night. They could not have been more helpful. They also did everything they could to recommend and get us into some of the best restaurants. We decided very late on Saturday that we wanted to eat at the very popular Blue Water Grill. The staff really went out of their way for us and got us a table at a fully booked restaurant. The room service staff were extremely curtious and possibly some of the politest I have ever come across. The door staff would always flag a cab for us without us even asking.A tip for future travellers - this is a private members club and as such many people come through the small front desk - many people no doubt trying to 'blag' their way in. The staff seem to change quite regularly, so show the staff your room key when you walk through the front door - then they know who you are (it's a shame they don't tell you this themselves...). If you don't mind a bit of noise and want to stay in a fabulous room at a 'hotel' in a very trendy area of NY that has a pool on the roof and you don't mind spending some serious cash - you will enjoy the Soho House!	
Oct 6 2005	Pity about the staff	Unfortunately the gentleman from Paris is correct. I'll come back to this in a moment. In terms of background we have stayed at many 5* hotels throughout the world. The Soho House was certainly one of the most expensive, but I do feel well qualified to comment on luxury hotels.The location is good with many boutiques, bars and restaurants nearby. Shortish walk from the subway. A little noisy at night. The room itself was very good and did not dissapoint. Huge (altough at 750 USD + tax it should be) and very styllish. Excellent bathroom area with generous freebie products. A couple of small issues. It is all very well having flat screen TVs and surround sound, but it was very difficult (and I have a complex home cinema system and know a bit about these things) to get any sound from the TV, and when I did manage there was terrible hissing from the speakers. I also felt the living area and bedroom were the wrong way round, with the bedroom being beside the window, and the living area being sandwiched between bedroom and bathroom. All in all these are minor points however.The rooftop pool area is smaller than suggested by the Sex and the City episode. Comfortable chairs and loungers were sometimes at a premium.My main objection by far was the horrible and snooty staff. Who do they think they are? The reception staff were bad enough - barely tolerable - but the staff on the pooltop area needed a good slapping.They were so bad that my wife and I felt reluctant to explore the other public areas of the hotel.The Hotel Gansevoort is across the street and appeared very styllish also. Better rooftop pool. Cannot comment on the staff, but they would have to try hard to be more unfriendly that at Soho House.	
May 4 2005	mostly very nice	we just got back from four wonderful days in new york. the soho house is overall a good experience but it is not without it's flaws.  when we first arrived they were very welcoming, showed us around the room in detail, offered to reserve tables at exclusive restaurants, bars and clubs and generally said use this place like your own home The room we had was lovely, large for new york standards with a funky industrial loft feel. lots of freebees, giant plasma screen, fantastic shower and tub but abit shabby round the edges (big stains around the bath, dirty windows) but the good definitely outshone the bad by a mile.there is a beautiful roof top pool (very warm) with terrific views over the meatpackers district, a funky club and it is in a fantastic location. very sex-in-the city...but, considering the $550 per night price tag we expected a little more. like the french guy who wrote the first review, we too were a little offended at the slightly snooty reception staff who failed to recognise us on a number of occasions, asking 'can we help' in a dont-really-mean-it way on our arrival back at the hotel. whilst in the middle of sorting out a reservation for us a woman-of-the-moment celebrity who was also staying there returned and we were dropped like a hot potato and never really picked up again! now, we may not be A list celebrities but we dont scrub up too bad and certainly dont look out of place in an upmarket hotel. We just felt like the staff were tolerating us rather than welcoming us and for that price we expected more. maybe the problem is that this place lacks identity in terms of whether it is a hotel or a private members club.they failed to inform us before our arrival that their famous spa was closed but offered no reduction and we had to discover the bar / club / restaurant ourselves. we got the feeling they hoped we wouldnt find it!so on the whole, a good experience glad we have been but would probably chose to stay somewhere where our dollar was alittle more appreciated (I suspect they feel the same too!)	
Dec 11 2004	If this place isn't your cup of tea you need to switch to coffee.	I cannot imagine what that fella from Paris went through to give it a 2 out of 5. Someone was rude at the desk? Sure, that should factor into the voting scale, but to give this hotel a 2 out of 5 is just plain idiotic. The place is GORGEOUS. The guests can be pompous, O.K., but I don't go places to hang out with the other guests, so what the hell do I care? The food was excellent. The rooms were damn near perfect. The service was top notch. The roof is... yes, amazing. If you don't enjoy this place, you need to look long and hard in the mirror and ask yourself how you became so bitter in life. Everything said, however, assumes that you have a limitless budget. Because it is expensive. Very expensive. But if you can swing it, it's worth every single hundred dollar bill.	
Sep 9 2004	go go go	i have seen the review from the chap in France and cannot believe it.I stayed in January of 2004 and it was the best Hotel i have ever stayed in.The room was Fantastic. The main areas of the hotel stylish.The food in the restaurant both for Dinner and breakfast fantastic.The service great.They knew who we were by name from the start.The Health club was fantastic.There was a room to smoke.I will be going again early in the new year and recommend to everyone we know.	
Jul 19 2004	OK .. could be great	The hotel is very nice .... rooms 650 square foot and nicely furnished. Roof terrace pool is a NY revelation.They just need to start again on the staff front. As it is a members club, they are funny on the door towards hotel guests (at $700 per night !!). After 5 nights, the reception staff still hadnt recognised my wife and I and would challenge us with &quot;What do you want ?&quot; each time we entered the hotel.If they can train their staff properly, it will be a fantastic place to stay	
Aug 23 2008 	Me encantó		
