Feb 16 2009 	Perfect Valentine's Day/Anniversary	We just spent the perfect Valentine's Day at the Inn at Irving Place. It's really a hidden treasure- while I've admired the architecture on the street many times I had no idea there was also an Inn tucked away there. There's no signage so you have to look closely but this contributes to the feeling that you're stepping into another world. The decor is authentic 19th century, lovely, and gracious. The staff wonderful, friendly professionals who will aid and abet in romantic surprises. We're really grateful to them for helping us arrange our valentine's day weekend. When you enter the parlors have real working fireplaces. Our room, the Stanford White, was a beautiful single, we did get to peek into some suites, and they were all well appointed with handsome antiques as well as all the modern comforts. We also enjoyed very much Lady Mendl's tea service which we had after our complimentary breakfast in our room. The tea service was 5 delicious courses in a sun drenched opulent dining room. We'll be back for the tea service and would love to spend another special occasion with them.	
May 24 2008	Not what it used to be 	I have been staying at the Inn occasionally over the last 10 years. It usd to be understated and chic, with luxurious touches, such as fine linens and pretty bathrooms. It still has all of those things and yet it seemed a little bit dingy, the hardware in the bathroom fell off, furniture looked beat up etc. It needs some TLC, especially if they continue to charge their $500 a night rates. The staff (housekeeping &amp; bellman) are exceptionally nice, however the front desk is flakey on faxes and wake up and/or very arrogant. It is too bad, time for me to find a new hotel.	
Apr 23 2008 	Fantastic	I recently stayed at the Inn at Irving Place and had a great experience. I have stayed at most of the nicer hotels in NYC (Waldorf, Ritz, Sofitel) and the Inn at Irving Place is by far my favorite.When you walk in the hotel you feel like you're walking into the living room of an 19th century mansion. Once inside, the staff immediately brought us a glass of champagne and took our bags to our room. We stayed in a junior suite which is easily twice the size of normal hotel rooms in the city (with sitting area and fire place).Travelers must understand that the Inn is like a getaway within NYC. If you're on business and looking for a place to sleep for the evening or if you're in NYC simply to sightsee, I would not suggest this hotel. However, if you know the city well and you're searching for a unique and unbelievable escape within the city -- or the most romantic night(s) you can imagine -- stay at the Inn at Irving Place.The noise level brought up by previous reviews is not a problem. In NYC, the streets are generally noisy and the Inn is no different. Again, some tourists or first-time travelers to New York may not understand that. But for a purist seeking excellent service and a fantastic retreat within New York, the Inn cannot be beat.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great location and excellent staff	My wife and I stayed at the hotel, and found it to be very special. The staff was excellent and the hotel was wonderful. The Christmas decorations were outstanding, and breakfast was good. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit, and will return on our next trip. Our room was large and very nicely finished. It felt more like being at home than in a faceless hotel.The only bad point in our stay was a holiday party one night was very loud, but it finished at a reasonable time. If you are looking for a hotel with very quite rooms this may not be the place for you. With the wood floors and open stairs you do hear the noise in the halls.	
Jul 1 2007 	The Inn at Irving	This Inn is a quiet oasis of calm in Manhattan. Well furnished, comfortable, and with very attentive and helpful staff. Highly recommended.	
Oct 29 2006 	not enough grace for the price	The atmospheric decor was fine but was not matched by really gracious service. Constant noise above our room kept us awake until past 2 am and again at 7am but the manager would not adjust the room rate because I had failed to call downstairs in the middle of the night to complain. Breakfast was dry pastry and pre-fab fruit, but with a nice pot of tea or coffee. The cockroach on our bedtable was a minor distraction but for $415 plus 18% tax the Inn needsmore class.	
Oct 23 2006	I Loved The Inn	My sister got married this past weekend at the Inn. I was a little worried since I read so many negative reports of noise and shabbiness. We absolutely loved it...and we had a very diverse crowd of people.The bride and groom's parents, friends and siblings all stayed at the inn. The rooms are beautiful and BIG by any standards, not just New York standards. My parents had two bedrooms, a sitting room and a full size shower. My room had a very comfortable bed, sitting area and a walk in closet. They are furnished with antiques that do have some nicks and such, but I can't imagine calling it shabby! None in our group had any complaints! There was some noise outside but it is New York. We just turned on our fan and it drown out all the noise.The breakfast was very good. Pastries from Balthazar, pumpernickle toast, fresh yogurt, delicious coffee and fruit. All served by a gracious staff.The wedding was held in Lady Mendl's sitting room which is in the main room. It was filled with candles (even the day before), fires in the fireplaces, and the smell of gardenia throughout. There was a beautiful old bar from which a bevy of delicious cocktails and champagne drinks were served.Cybar (the bar downstairs) was where the cabaret singers were set up and the buffet was served. The food was DELICIOUS! Once again, fabulous martinis, champagne and a decent selection of beers.If you are looking for a Ritz Carlton experience this is not it. But if you like the warm and cozy feeling staying at an inn, I would give this an A+	
Aug 16 2006 	Overpriced bad experience	My job requires me to travel a lot. In July, I had decided to take my husband to New York with me to combine a romantic one night hotel stay with business. Rather unfortunate. We were put in a beautiful room, but the AC had broken on our floor. They had not told us this when we booked the room, nor when we arrived. We had a window unit that sounded like an airplane engine and blew a fuse if turned up higher, which was essential because of the heat. Though I complained, they didn't do much to help the situation except push a few buttons. The thing continued blowing its fuse so we turned it off and opened the windows. Big mistake!! Hello noise! They did, to their credit, give me a reduction when we checked out. Still not worth it. I should add, dirty towels and lights that did not work, etc. The area is beautiful, the hotel is charming, but shabby. On top of this, the young man to whom I complained was a bit defensive and rather rude. Bottom line, definitely not worth the price. If you want the atmosphere, just go have tea there.	
Apr 6 2006	Over-priced	We stayed here for 3 nights, paid for as a present by a relative. To start on a positive note, we found the staff very polite, liked the champagne welcome, liked the neighbourhood, didn't find noise from the bar a problem and although limited to croissants and cakes, the breakfasts were tasty. But like one of the other reviewers, we also stayed in the Grammercy room and can confirm that most of the faults are still there (2 years on), also the bed was EXTREMELY firm. If you know the term &quot;shabby chic&quot;, think more of shabby less of chic. Would probably have been much more disappointed and critical if I had been paying.	
Feb 26 2006	HORRIBLE BAR NOISE!!! Couldn't sleep	Our room was on the top floor but the building is literally on top of an outdoor Bar. People are rowdy and extremely noisy as it opens to a garden that is right below the Inn. The rooms are nice, but still overpriced. We stayed two nights (moved to the front side of the building at the suggestion of the concierge) and I couldn't sleep so we moved to the W hotel one block away. Slept beautifully there. The staff was also not very helpful in keeping any noise down. Almost any room is going to hear the noise as the hotel is in a low-rise brownstone. The front side facing the street is not much better as none of the windows are soundproof and there are kids hanging out in the front of the bar till 3am. Bad idea to build an &quot;Inn&quot; with a loud bar in the basement with outdoor gardens and WITHOUT any soundproofing, although the noise is too loud that any soundproofing probably won't help much.	
Jan 19 2006	Simple and Old Fashioned	The service was wonderful (I really like the people) and the whole atmosphere of the hotel was great. I loved the idea of staying in this simple and old-fashioned 1834 townhouse, which was quite luxurious and quiet, especially for staying in Manhattan! For all of this, overall, I enjoyed my stay. With all the big hotels in New York City, it took a website called Tablet Hotels for us to find this smaller and cozier place to stay. For out of the ordinary small hotels, Tablet seems to have a great list of interesting places to stay.	
Nov 29 2005	Try Another Place for Romance	Advised by guidebooks that the Inn at Irving Place was a romantic inn in the heart of New York City - I was quite excited to book a birthday weekend there for my wife and me. We were given a lovely room with beautiful furniture. We enjoyed a delightful tea at Lady Mendl's Tea Salon. It was when we returned from dinner that the problems started. The basement of the Inn has a bar in it. The bar has an outdoor patio. The noise coming into the room (we were on the second floor facing the street) was unbearable. We asked for help. We were offered ear plugs and told that the noise would stop soon. It did not. Unable to sleep at after midnight and fully exasperated, we asked them to move us to another hotel (as the Inn itself was otherwise full). Our weekend which we had looked forward to for such a long time was off to a horrible start. Contacted afterwards, the management of the Inn was apologetic and contrite but took no responsibility for the noise. The bar is in the Inn's premises. The bar is leased by them to the bar owner. If they want to create a romantic atmosphere - they have to realize that peace and quiet is part of the equation. Until that problem is solved, do not spend your money here.	
Aug 20 2005	Not bad but not the best	It's taken me a long time to write this review, but here it goes. My husband and I spent a weekend at Inn at Irving Place and were thrilled at the idea of staying in &quot;B&amp;B&quot; type place in NYC. Some positives: great location, beautiful furniture and elegant things throughout, exciting to be staying in a beautiful brownstone (actually two that are combined) with a key to Grammercy Park, nice little touches such as plush towels, amenities in the bathrooms, and just a good &quot;feeling&quot; of being someplace special.Some negatives: sometimes these ideas are all in our heads. Just because a place is incredibly expensive, it doesn't mean it's worth it! And frankly, this place just wasn't worth the $500+ per night that was charged. There was something in my pillow that caused such a reaction in my face that my husband didn't recognize my swollen face in the morning. I was asked to hurry up and finish my cup of tea one morning because they had to get ready for a luncheon (bridal shower or something). I understand they want to take advantage of the whole Victorian setting that attracts the side business of showers and luncheons and tea parties, but they shouldn't push away their guests like that. If anything, they could set up another corner somewhere for those of us &quot;in their way.&quot; I also didn't find the front desk people all that kind. One in particular, a tall gay guy with very fashionable clothing, was almost uppity. That wasn't necessary. If money isn't an object, I'd say try it just for the fun of staying in a neat old brownstone. But if you don't have money to throw away, don't bother.	
Apr 26 2005	Extremely Disappointed!	My husband and I stayed at the Inn at Irving Place in January and were very disappointed to say the least!1. The radiator leaked all over the floor of our room TWICE-once in the middle of the night!!!2. The room was not very clean. The honor bar was out of order-another leaking problem.3. The noise from the martini lounge kept us awake all night.This place needs a HUGE infusion of $$$ to bring it back to it's original splendor. Right now, it appears as though the owners are content to make their $$$ from the martini bar and sacrifice the inn...	
Apr 13 2005 	Very Disappointed	I stayed one night at The Inn at Irving Place to check it out before booking a room for my boss for a lengthy period. I am so glad that I did.I arrived at the hotel in the early afternoon. The staff was VERY friendly and VERY attentive. My room - the Gramercy - was ready, so they let me check in. The bellman took my luggage and we legged it up to the top floor (2 flights).After the bellman left, I began exploring the room. The more I explored, the more disappointed I became. Here is a list of problems:1) There are two swing-arm lamps above the bed. The installation was very shabby (in a place like this, they should have cord covers). One of the lamps had a big dent. The arms were loose. The housings (where the lamps connect to the wall) were loose.2) There were candelabra-style wall sconces on two of the walls. They were shabby and loose. And one of the sconces had a &quot;candle&quot; that was held on with electrical tape. It was leaning at a curious angle.3) The radiators could use a coat of fresh paint.4) There was plenty of upholstered furniture that looked was very nicely done. Unfortunately, none of it was comfortable. 5) There was no desk. I had to use the coffee table for my laptop.6) The shutters were flimsy at best. There were 6 sets of shutters in the room - upper and lower for each of the three windows. Only one set would latch properly. I ended up using rubber bands to latch the others.7) The dresser was an old Empire-style behemoth with drawers that had gaps in the bottoms. The drawers were very loose and I had to be careful to make sure I pulled them out carefully so that they wouldn’t fly out and land on my feet.8) The mini-bar was out of order. There was a printed sign in a frame, which makes me think that this is a frequent occurrence.There were some bright spots.1) The room was very spacious and faced a courtyard. Even though the restaurants that border the property were hopping that night, I was not bothered by any music or noise. As a matter of fact, that was the first night I ever spent in Manhattan where my sleep was not interrupted by garbage trucks or sirens.2) The queen-sized bed was very comfy and the linens were what I expected from a luxury property.3) The closet had an extra blanket, iron and ironing board.4) The bathroom was roomy. The outlets were right next to the mirror. They had a side table that was big enough to hold all of my toiletries. The towels were thick and thirsty. The shower was roomy. And the water pressure was great.I did not eat at the inn, so I have no comments on the restaurant or the food.I own a 130-year old farmhouse, so I can deal with a bit of shabby and I wasn't expecting the slickness of a modern boutique hotel. But for $325 a night, the room should, at the very least, be properly maintained.I will not be staying here again. And I will not book a room here for my boss when he comes to the city later this month.	
Sep 15 2004	Don't believe the website	We got the idea to stay here out of a travel book--1000 Places to Visit. Both the book and the Inn's website play it up as a charming throwback to the turn of the 20th century with period antiques. Apparently charming means well-worn, and antique means rickety. The staff is very freindly and attentive. We were greeted with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. But bone shaking garage music from the adjoining club kept us awake the first night. A bridal shower and a photo shoot on subsequent days occupied large areas of the inn and we were relegated to overflow space for breakfast. It is a great location if you like the Gramercy area. The inn has WIfI (with intermittant interruptions), digital cable, and very comfortable beds. The staff is very responsive, but if you are looking for comfort, luxury, convenience, or value look elsewhere. If you like trendy, artsy B&amp;Bs and don't mind sacrificing value then go ahead and stay here.	
Apr 23 2003	a sublime oasis	Quite honestly my experience was sublime! the affore mentioned bar proved to be neither noisy nor crowded. The decor is refined and elegant, and the service attentive. It is an oasis of cool sophistication in the metropolis. I highly reccommend a sojourn there.	
Mar 2 2003	We were pleased pretty much . . .	We stayed at the Inn this weekend and had a really nice stay. The place is lovely and, no, we weren't robbed or kept awake by loud music. The place is very beautifully decorated and we slept like logs, in a very comfortable room and beautiful bed. The only complication was the we specifically reserved a particular suite months ago for sentimental reasons and very upset upon check in to be told it had been accidentially given to someone else. There is no excuse for this when someone makes a reservation months in advance. The Inn acknowledged their mistake and gave us a break on the price of our room. That was much appreciated, in light of the fact that this place ain't cheap. However, when leaving we noticed that the suite we were not given was much, much nicer that the &quot;suite&quot; we got, which was hardly a suite at all. When you're paying as much for a room as we did, you really have to wonder whether the &quot;mistake&quot; was not some kind of game to milk a higher rate off someone else. Nevertheless, the place is beautiful and we would qualifiedly recommend it to others. For someone coming from a distance for a visit, its a heck of lot more romantic than a chain hotel, even a nice one. And its much, much better than staying uptown in Times Square.	
Apr 29 2002	Inn at Irving Place	If you are considering staying at 'The Inn at Irving Place' you might want to read this. I was robbed of $2000 cash from one of their supposedly upscale rooms in December of 2001. After filing the police reports I was given half off my room fee for the night (I still had to pay over 180 dollars for the night). The hotels response was, in writing from an attorney, &quot;our clients deny the allegations&quot;. Also of interest is the fact that the manager is stationed directly downstairs from the room where the theft occured leaving virtually no access to the room except for hotel employees. After I compained to the Better Business Bureau, the hotel's response to the BBB was &quot;a police report was filed and this accusation came up to be false&quot;. This is absolutly false!	
Apr 10 2002	Disappointing	We were really looking forward to staying at the Inn at Irving place as we had been planning the trip for a long time and are a fan of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World chain.However, I'm very sad to say that we were disappointed with the hotel.The hotel has some good points - it's in a superb location; the staff are very friendly and helpful and the decoration &amp; furnishing are of very good quality.However, the its bad points are - it's very expensive for what it is and the cheapest room (which we stayed in) is small. But perhaps the biggest problem with the hotel is that the associated businesses - the bar (Cibar) is very popular and the noise of its music booms throughout the hotel. The other thing that is very popular is the Tea Salon. During our visit they had 3 different showers on one day and this puts the public area of the hotel out of bounds.Cibar is also very much out of keeping with the character of the hotel - garage music and antiques don't make good bedfellows!In summary I believe that the owners of the Inn at Irving Place need to decide what their core business is - at the moment it seems that they are prepared to sacrifice the tranquility of their accomodation for the loud noise and money of Cibar.	
Jun 13 2009 	Charmantes Hotel in perfekter Lage		
