Nov 8 2009 	perfection in the heart of Soho	Wow--Been to many great hotels but none that match the level of service, sophistication, location and warmth as the Crosby. from the moment we arrived we felt like royalty--the staff, rooms, food and privacy is unmatched in NYC. IF you want to be in Soho, there is no equal	
Nov 2 2009 	Best Hotel in NY	We are a family that travels a lot and stay in the best hotels all over the world and we had an amazing experience at The Crosby Street Hotel. We literally experienced everything that The Crosby Street Hotel had to offer during our week long stay with my husband (who runs a company in SoHo), my two young children and their grandparents.Upon arrival we knew we were somewhere special. The staff jumped out to open the door not just the first time, but every time we arrived (hands full with children and bags).The décor in the lobby of the hotel is like being in a museum without the stuffiness. The kids were never told that they couldn’t experience the art (though we kept a close watch on them). They very much enjoyed the dogs everywhere and the staff never once seemed annoyed by their bubbly presence (nor were any of the guests stuffy about them being there). A very wonderful crowd the hotel is attracting!The rooms were just as amazing. So much attention to detail and very spacious! We did have a two bedroom suite (well one bedroom suite with an attached room for the kids), but even the grandparents normal sized room was BIG for NY standards. The beds were cozy and we enjoyed the black out curtains being from the West Coast it allowed for us to sleep in. The showers and tubs have excellent water pressure and we loved the products that the hotel chose (which is usually hard on my long hair). The blow dryer was even exceptional? Room service was tasty and timely. There were plenty of options for us and they even had things the kids enjoyed! Something I especially enjoyed was that they got to know us very well and on the first morning I asked for salsa (which they didn’t have). The chef immediately made and every morning he made it for me from then on. You MUST ask for it, it’s amazing!!!The other thing that we thought was unique to this hotel was the housekeeping. I rarely even notice the housekeeping, but these women were EXCEPTIONAL! They would clean the kids toys, fold any clothing left on the floor and never forgot even a glass! Excellent attention to detail.Concierge was right on the ball setting up car service for our different dinners, theatre and out on the town outings. They also were a great asset to us in getting dinner reservations and spa services. I was able to utilize the gym during my stay and found it very well stocked with all the latest equipment, water and towels. There were a few glitches that were to be expected with a hotel that just opened. The DVD player didn’t work well the first night and they had some problems turning off the air in our room for about an hour one night, but both problems were worked out and didn't even really upset us because the staff was so friendly about it. We travel to NY frequently and will only use The Crosby Street Hotel from here on out!!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Spectacular Magnificent Dazzling Unforgettable Breathtaking!!!	These are just a few of the words to describe The Crosby Hotel in New York City. I have stayed in lots of luxurious hotels in NY and none have come close to this fantastic hotel! When we got out of our car, we were immediately greeted by Daniel, our doorman. Also at the reception desk was David and Elyse whom we continued to have a unbeatable friendship with during our stay. Our room as well as the entire hotel was beautifully decorated and had a personal touch. The owners of this hotel did an impeccable job! Every night we enjoyed ice cream in The Crosby Bar down in the lobby and each morning we had trouble leaving our hotel room because it was so amazing. Also, the drawing room provides a fantastic spot for afternoon tea. Everything about this hotel is spectacular from the service to the linens on the bed. I know that I will never stay in another hotel in NY but The Crosby Street Hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Six Star Hotel !	My wife and I stayed 3 nights in October 2009 at Crosby Street Hotel We know the Firmdale hotels from London so we were excited to try their American way and to visit a LEED-certified hotel.We were not disappointed - Everything in this hotel was charming and beautiful. We simply love:-the design of the hotel with the tall warehouse style windows, the individually designed rooms and the very impressive oak-tree floors. -the huge and very comfy bed, -the large walk-in closet, - everything smelled and felt fresh and new,-the Miller Harris scent in the bathroom- the first morning we had breakfast in the room - delivered exactly as ordered – plenty and delicious, -‘Probably the best Beer in the World’ - Carlsberg Beer - was also found in the mini-bar, -the restaurant with selection of delicious wines, -the bar with a bartender with a lovely sense of humour and more than 400 bottles. -the atmosphere, - and the enthusiastic young employees with great attention to details. -the location is great – just in the middle of the charming SOHO – few steps from subway, busses and Broadway ----On a scale from 1 to 5 it deserves a 6 – surpassed only by Burj Al Arab in Dubai. Looking forward to staying here again.	
