Nov 25 2009 	Great location but disappointing rooms and AWFUL heating system!	OK so the location was amazing if you want a cool downtown location away from the crowds in Soho. And the general ambience was one of efficiency (including the staff who were all courteous). And I know the rates are reasonable, so I'm not expecting the Carlyle,....BUT there are some fundamental things wrong with this hotel that aren't acceptable at ANY price level.- the heating is blown-hot air (rather than piped central heating). Maybe this is normal in NYC though I've stayed plenty of hotels &amp; apartments before in NYC and NEVER come across this before. The fans are RIGHT by the beds so if you want to stay warm at night the noise means you can really barely sleep. Plus there's that unpleasant feeling of hot air blowing round the room.- WORSE, the bathrooms had NO heating WHATSOEVER.... We were there in a very mild November (T shirts some days) and this was unpleasant, so I can't imagine how uncomfortable this is when it's properly cold!!! Unbelievable!- We were told all rooms had the same issues (they acknowledged the building had been badly built!!).- The bathroom STANK of urine (sorry, but there's no other way to put it). It's probably just cheap cleaning fluid on cheap shower curtains, but combined with the above issues it didn't add to our feeling of comfort! And they couldn't fix this.The rooms were a good size and the beds were great however, but I wouldn't stay here again for the above reasons.FYI, if you're willing to not book in advance, when we were there friedns of ours were staying in the Mercer for LESS money than we paid for this hilton... and I'm comparing pay-in-advance Hilton best rates versus turn-up-on-the-door-and-see-what-the-best-rate is at the Mercer!!! Hmm sometimes it pays to be not so well organised!FYI	
Nov 21 2009 	Good location	We had a great stay in this quite new Hotel. Good location in Tribeca/Soho. Will stay there again.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great location	The location is superb, Canal Street subway directly outside hotel. Rooms are an adequate size as expected in Manhattan and are clean and well appointed. Hotel is new which makes the difference. Only downside of our stay was no hot water a couple of times during our 5 day visit.Very good value for money, booked through expedia.If you want a hotel next to Soho and Tribeca rather than next to the tourist spots in midtown then this would be a great choice. We will stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Stay somewhere else	The room was clean but when we opened the curtains we had a nice view of the neighbor building's airshafts which were very close as the buildings were separated by a narrow lane. As I read in another review, our housekeeping staff also &quot;forgot&quot; to clean our room. We made our own beds, emptied the garbage ourselves, etc. When I reported this to the front desk their only response was &quot;I guess housekeeping forgot&quot;. We planned to enjoy a nice breakfast in the dining room our first morning. There was one poor fellow cooking breakfast for the entire dining room at a small omelette station. When we went up to order he told us that we should be aware that there was a minimum 30 minute wait for him to make us anything (this was a buffet freakfast). When our food was finally ready, the food was mushy and the bacon was not just slightly burnt but it was pitch black. I wouldn't serve this to anyone let alone a paying customer. We left it all on the plate, grabbed a fruit and never went back. On our last morning at 3 o'clock in the morning, there was an incredible racket just outside our door, i.e. carts being wheeled around, banging into things, etc. We ignored it assuming that it was something that would stop shortly. After 25 minutes of this, I finally got up and opened the door to see a workman dragging steel poles accross the floor. He asked me how I was?? and I told him that he was making too much noise. He did stop within a couple of minutes but it resumed again just before 07:00 am. It appears that this hotel needs to focus on their guests or they won't have any left. The &quot;forgetting&quot; to clean rooms, the lack of consideration for guests (noise and racket at 3:00 in the morning!!) and the poor dining arrangements indicate that management isn't on top of things at this hotel and Hilton should consider disassociating themselves from this hotel branch or providing some quality control to this establishment. As it stands, I won't be pulling out my Hilton Honours card anytime soon as I am electing to try other brands. As an aside, we stayed at the Crowne Plaza Times Square for our first 5 nights and the front desk staff, concierge desk, as well as the rooms and amenities were first class.	
Oct 15 2009 	HIdden Gem	Look, TriBeCa might have chi-chi shops and Robert De Niro but the area feels like bombed out Berlin after the war. In the middle of this desolation sits the Hilton Garden Inn. I was there with points and no prior knowledge (too lazy even to read online reviews). So I'm delighted to report that behind those sliding doors is a charming, very functional hotel. There's a small lobby with a few comfortable armchairs. Next door is a fancy French restaurant (which I don't recommend after an expensive and noisy dinner). Downstairs in the basement is a punky little gym, but also a room with two computers, DSL and a printer-and all for free. That was a life saver for me.Room had a king-sized bed and wasn't very big, and had an inner courtyard (so no view but QUIET). Still, the mattress was very comfortable (I slept till noon twice !), there's plenty of plugs, a free refrigerator and a 32 inch HD (?) TV with innumerable channels (and nothing on). Bathroom was just right, with decent shower pressure and all the amenities.My only beef is how long it took to clean my room when I did sleep late. I felt punished by the staff but that might have been paranoia. Front Desk staff were helpful enough and the bellman steered me to a limo (with a relationship with the hotel) for $10 less than a taxi woulds have cost.However, when you first arrive late at night and want to step out for a bite it's a little dark and intimidating at first. There's no room service and the restaurant closes relatively early. I survived,though, and found a semi-charming bistro nearby.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel off the beaten path yet easy access to all parts of the city via two lines of the subway right outside.	Girls weekend away for sightseeing and restaurant hopping. Great location with both the red and blue lines of the subway within easy walking distance. The blue line is right outside the front doors. Convenient (walking distance) to the Hudson River bike trail, financial district and World Trade Center area, Chinatown, Brooklyn Bridge.Front desk staff was the best in the business, always helpful and friendly. It was our first trip to NYC and they pointed us in the right direction for everything.Fresh baked Otis Spunkmeyer cookies available every afternoon.Business center and fitness center were both clean, convenient and properly equiped. It was nice to be able to print my return-flight boarding pass before leaving for the airport.The room was clean, spacious and very comfortable. Beds were great for sleeping after walking everywhere. We had two double beds, desk, dresser, refridgerator and microwave. The bathroom was also spacious and was stocked with Neutrogena products.Aside from the very helpful staff, the best thing about this hotel was its location. What we couldn't walk to, we took the subway. Also, it is in the nice, quiet neighborhood of Tribeca which is the exact opposite of the busy, glitzy, loud and crazy area of Time's Square.I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 9 2009 	Unfriendly staff.	When you pay as much as this Hotel asks, at least you would like a &quot;hello&quot; on your arrival and, possibly, a &quot;hello&quot; every morning and, why not, a &quot;good evening&quot; in the evening. Never happened. Every time we got out, came in the hotel, the staff at the reception seemed extremely busy with their computer... as if they were writing &quot;War and Peace&quot;... Rude, very rude.The room was ok, silent and with enough space. THe remote was broken (someone fixed it? NO!) and once they forgot to settle our room (we were out from 8 am to 7 pm).If you decide to stay there, be sure to tell the taxi to bring you between Canal Street and 6th Avenue, because nobody knows where York St is (infact it's a small close end road).There are many other hotels in Tribeca (this is Soho, on Canal Street wich is not exactly the best street in NYC...) that you can choose from. Stay away from this pricy place.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great value in New York	My wife and I stayed in the hotel during Easter break to visit our son who lives in the City. We were looking for a reasonable price and a property close to his apt. in Nolita. We were thrilled with the location in Tribeca, the size and comfort of the room and the price. I've rated them down on service a bit only because the in-building restaraunt was undergoing a change of ownership at the time and wasn't open for full service as had been the case prior to the change. All in all, the desk clerks were great and the doorman always helped to get us transportation and directions. Felt like a very safe hotel in a very pleasant (albeit a bit out of the mainstream) area.	
Oct 5 2009 	forget it for families	Room was so small you could not swing a cat. Further ,for some reason , I did not like the air conditioner blowing full bore on the pillow all night from the only outlet 1 metre away. Area is great for the tube, but has little nearby for tourists and the hotel does not even have a map of new york in the lobby or any useful inforamtion on anything.	
Sep 8 2009 	Peaceful central Soho/Tribeca location	The hotel is located above the A and C subway stop and two blocks from 1 and 9 lines stop. It is also only a block from Soho and all its great restaurants and shops.This is our second time in 6 months and we are still impressed with service and quality.The hotel has limited services but the location/room comfort makes more than up for this.	
Sep 7 2009 	as good as they say but prices trending up	Many of the early great reviews are from people who paid low rates reflecting the newness of the hotel. Over Labor Day weekend 2009, we paid $180 plus taxes per night, but this was booked several months earlier after watching the rates and catching them at a low point. (Also it's an AAA rate. Admittedly anyone can get an AAA rate by entering a random 16-digit number.) Anyway, more recently prices for the same dates were $250 and up. As the hotel gets good reviews and becomes widely known, its prices are inevitably going to reflect that.If you pay $120 for this hotel, you should be ecstatic. For what we paid, we are still very happy. We were concerned at first because the area was a little desolate, but the few people who passed were perfectly comfortable so we stopped worrying. It is not in a bustling area but close to many bustling areas---which is ideal. They gave us a very nice room---we assumed &quot;Tribeca View&quot; meant it would have an outside window rather than an airshaft, but this one had long views down two streets, one going south (6th Av) and the other southwest (Lispenard). We couldn't have asked for more.As other have said, it's not a grand hotel but everything is in good shape (for now) and from the wi-fi to the shower to the fridge and microwave, everything just worked. We heard no noises from neighbors and only light street noises. If you have time to watch TV, they have a home-type cable box with hundreds of channels including seven channels of HBO and seven Showtime, many in HD (Time--Warner cable). We don't get so much HD at home. But we also don't have New York at home so we were busy walking everywhere. Check out the High Line and Governor's Island, both walking distance.	
Sep 4 2009 	Wonderful way to end a misery day of travel	We had the misfortune of trying to arrive into NY along with hurricane Bill. After 12 hours of travel from Dallas, we arrived at this hotel. It was an oasis for us.From our check-in to luggage claim 2 days later, the hotel staff and accommodations could not have been better. This will be my choice for future trips.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location great staff great stay	This was a combination business/leisure trip. Often I try to save money in NYC by staying in funky, artsy places and usually can't afford chains - so you know where I'm coming from. But even as chains go this property shines. I should say that part of my enthusiasm was that I got SUCH a deal from a third party web-based firm of some kind that the room cost was over half what I heard quoted to walk-in prospective guests - so take that into account as well. The room was clean and comfortable, bed was firm, room at the back (no view) was quiet, temperature control was a gift in muggy summer. The location between Chinatown and Tribeca is wonderfully convenient, and the hotel sits atop a subway stop (I think its the A,C, and E) but is a short walk to other lines. Eating, transport, people watching, free internet and printer in the basement. Even the basement workout room did not look unattractive. The staff are overbusy (need one more desk person on weekends? but at the small desk where would the person stand?) but courteous and helpful. It was surprising to have a concierge at a small property like this, too. Great stay.	
Aug 6 2009 	Try It...You'll Like It	The hotel is in a superb location... the Canal Street subway stop is literally at the front door and so is the city bus stop. China Town and Little Italy are a mere stone's throw. Rooms are large for New York. The property is almost new with contemporary furnishings, great adjustable firmness beds, granite counter tops, microwave and small fridge in each room, and reliable WI-FI in all rooms. The front desk staff was tremendously accommodating, professional and friendly. Housekeeping was unusually thorough. Hearty breakfasts are served in the restaurant, but it isn't free...no biggie. I've stayed in quite a few NYC hotels uptown, midtown, and downtown; this is my favorite!	
Jul 30 2009 	Wondeful place to stay clean new - dream beds - great location.	Spent 6 nights &amp; loved every minute of it. Staff friendly, rooms big enough for our needs, very clean. King bed huge &amp; the best bed we've ever slept in. Linen is so soft &amp; dreamy.Marble bathrooms, lovely amenities, microwave &amp; mini fridge, masses of storage drawers &amp; hanging space. Hair dryer &amp; ironing board. Air-con &amp; partial opening windows. Free internet (2 computers), free printing. Free delicious cookies in reception each night &amp; complimentary tea/coffee in reception each morning. Subway underneath hotel (Canal St station - blue line). We got AirTrain &amp; subway from JFK &amp; very easy &amp; only $7.50 each. Great location - many restauants around. Loved Tataki Japanese restaurant across the road. Walking distance to Chinatown &amp; fabulous shopping including handbags etc. Would stay again anytime. Loved it.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good hotel in great location	Booked trough Priceline for twelve nights four weeks prior to the trip for 94 $/night.Great location, A/C/E trains stop under the hotel, subway 1 is two blocks away. Easy to come by airtrain/subway from JFK if traveling light. Tribeca has great restaurants and there are dozens if not hundreds of great restaurants and shopping within walking distance in nearby neighborhoods. Staff was very friendly, room was spacious and clean, did not hear much street noise from 5th floor. Business center with two computers and printer + a small fitness center were available for use free of charge, free newspaper every morning. Hotel is new and compares well with much pricier options.If the price was right, would definitely come here again. Much better than staying in Times Square.	
Jul 11 2009 	Noisy area 	We thought we were being smart by pre-paying a few weeks in advance for a special rate. Well it turned out that the special rate got us the cheapest smallest room in the hotel. The room was so small, there was no dresser for our clothes and not even a chair to sit on. Construction in the area kept us awake at night. We asked if we could upgrade to a larger room and they told us that all of the rooms were basically the same. So then we called the main office and asked if we could move to the uptown Hilton on 53rd and they told us no. So a valuable lesson was learned - never pre-pay unless you are really sure of what you are getting.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fantastic Location; Very Clean; A Hidden Gem in NYC	We stayed here for 4 nights during the July 4 holiday. I had lived in NY for 4 yrs (2002-2006), never knew about this place! This is just one block South of Canal Street on 6th Ave (called Ave of Americas). Fantastic Location. Subway Station for A,C,E run below the hotel (and hey, no rumbling at all.. as someone wrote earlier). Times Square is 10-12 min; Battery Park is 6-7 min by subway. Also, Canal Street with its shopping area is 3-4 min by walk; Chinatown is 8-10 min by walk. The hotel itself was very very clean; the neighborhood was quiet but not dark or shady (hey it is on 6th Ave!). Very safe place! Staff at the front desk was very very courteous all through.. I am sure anyone staying here would have fantastic experience.	
Jul 7 2009 	Amazing Location. You should stay here!	Stayed with a friend during a 4 night break. The Hotel is new and very good, the rooms are huge by NY standards and lovely big bathroom. Free internet access 24/7 in the business centre (2 PC's) No need to eat at the hotel as loads of places nearby. The location is a good hour walk to Times Square but the train station is right outside if you dont love walking as much as us! The Tribeca/Soho area is amazing, full of vintage shops and amazing restaurants. Please dont miss out on this end of town it's like a different world. Loads of great bars too!	
May 29 2009 	Excellent Quiet Convenient and Value	I had been staying at another hotel in the west village this past week, it was noisy and there was constant construction going on. I decided to priceline hotels and look elsewhere for the other 6 nights of my stay. Priceline placed me in the Hilton Garden Inn Tribeca located on 6th Avenue just below Canal Street for $85 plus tax per night! I asked for an early check-in and the front desk was able to fulfill this request. My room was huge by nyc standards, full desk, small fridge, free internet and microwave and a really nice and comfortable king size bed. The Hotel is brand new and a bit difficult to find vis a vis a cab since the nyc cabs don't have the hotel listed on their GPS (officially the hotel is listed as 6 York Street, rather than w. broadway or 6th avenue)--but the property is about 150 ft north of the Tribeca Grand on the west side of 6th Ave. Great neighborhood and easily walkable to Chinatown, Soho, West Village and Lower East Side. Highly recommend this hotel, the best place I've stayed in nyc in easily out performing other 4 and 5 star hotels!!!	
May 26 2009 	Clean safe and convenient.	Stayed on a Friday - Monday with a group of girls celebrating a bachelorette weekend. The hotel was a little tough to find--our cab driver could not get us there without us calling the hotel for directions. But once we were there, it was super convenient. The A/C/E blue line runs right under the hotel (you can hear it rumbling through), and the subway entrance is right next to the front door. Red line is just across the street. Check in was super easy, staff was friendly and helpful. The lobby decor is very pleasant, and there is a small pantry-size shop where you can pick up drinks and toiletries. Free coffee was available in the mornings, and warm cookies in the afternoon. The hallways were attractive, very clean, and quiet. The guests there all seemed very friendly as well. Our room had two double beds, a flat screen TV, as well as a fridge, microwave, dresser, desk, chair, and one bedside table with a good clock radio/iPod dock. The beds were incredibly comfortable and apparently adjustable, although we never tried to do this since they were heavenly to start with. High quality linens. The bathroom was in excellent condition, small but clean. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough. When we weren't able to use the TV (our fault), someone came within 5 minutes and very helpfully explained how to use the remote. Windows tilt open for fresh air, which was great since the weather was nice and listening to the street noise was something we enjoyed. There is actually a $350 fine for honking horns in that area, so it was fairly quiet. The club across the street had loud music late at night, which was definitely audible but not too big a deal for us. We loved the location...easy walking distance to many non-touristy small bars and restaurants. There is a park across the street for a few minutes with nature. Chinatown is a stone's throw away, and Little Italy is just beyond that. Out of the hustle of midtown, but still super convenient by subway. We were out late at night and early in the morning and always felt safe. A great hotel...no problems and very good service!	
May 21 2009 	Not the best Hilton Garden Inn !	I'm a Hilton Gold and always try and stay in a Hilton property.This is a new'ish hotel offering clean and comfortable accommodation. Rooms are typical New York (Small) but very comfortable, especially the bed. Location for Chinatown and Soho/Tribeca is excellent with easy tube connections to uptown.The 'Breakfast' is NOT Hilton Garden Inn quality. Its part buffet (Juice, cereal, bread, coffee) and part a la carte (Eggs, Bacon, Sausage, Waffles), for a price of $18 (I think).1) They had run out of sausage !2) They served MICROWAVED bacon !3) Delivery of order was sloooowwwww (When there were only 4 tables occupied in the restaurant)4) The food delivered did not match what was ordered !5) The restaurant staff charged a service charge to my room, WITHOUT my authorization !I spoke with the front desk and he handled my complaint in a professional manner, assured me the management would discuss these problems and of course he credited the service charge to my bill.There are better Hilton Garden Inn's in New York (48th Street &amp; Chelsea are two of them)	
May 20 2009 	Great Non Touristy Location - bang for your buck!	You're not walking into the Wardolf Astoria but you are paying less than most hotels, hidden from the nasty mid town traffic and not only is the subway right next to you - but you're walking distance to Canal street and Soho! Its a great location however the accommodations are at best 3.5 out of 5. The rooms are about &quot;enough space.&quot; There were 4 of us girls in a two bedroom and it was just about right. I can't really complain - we didn't want to spend the money nor be in a busy part of NY.	
May 19 2009 	will not go back	We will definitely not go back to this hotel. Staff (except for the very nice doorman) are rude, rooms are tiny. If you want to party until 4 am in the weekend, this might be your hotel. Opposite the hotel there is a club, during the weekend they have very loud music and while we were there on a friday it lasted until 4 am. We know if you are in Tribeca you should not complain about some noise but this was ridiculous. When confronted with this the front desk said this was a first for them, they did not hear any other complaints before. The doorman later told us that the hotel receives a lot of complaints about the club from guests ! We changed to Affinia and we are very pleased.	
May 19 2009 	Very nice service clean rooms good location	This hotel is situated perfectly in Tribeca close to Canal Street and Soho. You can reach every location in NY easily and also in the evening you don't have to be scared (we were four girls). The rooms are very clean and the concierge was amazingly nice. All lines of the subway are very close to the hotel.The only problem is that taxi drivers do neither know the street nor the hotel - best thing is to get off the taxi at Canal Street and cross the street to the hotel. Another thing is, that even in the rooms on 3rd floor you can feel the subway beneath.All in all a really nice hotel to stay!!	
May 12 2009 	OK Hotel Fabulous Location	We stayed at the Hilton Tribeca for 3 nights and paid just under 200USD per night for two people (room with a king bed, booked directly on the hotel website). The hotel itself is good; nothing special but rooms are quite spacious (for NYC), clean, there is a good bathroom, and you'll find the standard suite of services you'd expect from this type of hotel (concierge, late check-in options, small shop, fitness and business centers, free internet, etc). The hotel also has a restaurant where you can get an inexpensive and decent breakfast.The best thing is location: it's not too touristy, though very convenient as right by Canal Street subway, and within easy walking distance of cool West Village, Soho and Tribeca and their wide variety of restaurants, bars and shops.Although the hotel has access to the airports' shuttle services, I would recommend to ask for a private car; it costs 75USD all inclusive for a one-way to Newark and is really worth it if you have limited time, as the shuttle takes a long time given its many stops (we would have had to leave over 5 hours before our flight if we had gotten the shuttle!).	
May 11 2009 	nothing wrong just not great	started at the Doubletree Metropolitan in Midtown and this hotel didn't compare....the beds were not as comfortable nor was the bedding as nice, we could hear the street noise which wasn't very pleasant. Staff was excellent, though, and the hotel is in a convenient place to restaurants, subway, etc.... would have been happy if we hadn't been to the Doubletree first! Did have coffee in the room and free WiFi which was very nice. Great towels, too.	
May 9 2009 	OK hotel but I wouldn't go back	We stayed here for a long weekend in NY. First the good points: This hotel is in a good location. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean. Now the bad points: The hotel is over priced for what it provides. I expected something more stylish and interesting. The breakfast was disappointing (they ran out of bread, butter and spoons on the first day!). The air conditioning was too noisy. The decor was unimaginative and dull. Overall I think its an OK place to stay, but I think there are many better alternatives, so I wouldn't recommend it.	
May 7 2009 	Disgusting service	I was in this hotel for two days and i had the worst service i never had.The General Manager of the place was acting like an italian mafious and the service was disgusting, long check in and room unconfortable .	
Apr 26 2009 	Location location location...not to mention brand new!	My wife and i just got back from 3 nights at the HGI Tribeca, and we thought it was fantastic. Keep in mind, its not an oppulent, over the top hotel. This is basic stay place done right. The lobby is small, there isn't alot of glitz and glam, but then again for the price you can't beat the location.The location as been said is between 6th Ave and 7th Ave just below Canal St. We were originally worried about the Holland Tunnel traffic, but it wasn't that bad until Saturday (const. in the tunnel). Most other days it was typical NYC. The location is so close to the SoHo shopping/restaurants and not to mention the trendy scene in Tribeca. If your not familar with the area, its not like Midtown/Times Square at all, there aren't throngs of people, there aren't big bus tours, its just geniune NYC. We were able to walk to the WTC Site; the Brooklyn Bridge and Greenwich Village all within 15 mins.As far as taking a cab to the hotel, that can be tricky, don't say its on York St (York St. is a one block long alley and no-one will know wher that is). Instead say its on 6th Ave between Walker and Canal in Tribeca. As you come up 6th Ave its on the left one block before Canal. Look for the red restaurant awnings that say Bar Artisenal.As for the hotel, when we checked in we were informed that no King size beds were available, they instead offerred us a room with a jacuzzi tub. Now that was an unexpected surprise and came in handy at the end of long days hiking around the city. The tub was huge, allowing two people to fit very comforatbly. The double bed rooms had full size beds (not queen) which was a bit cozy, but the room itself had plenty of space. The beds were comfortable and they were the air-adjustable variety so you could adjust the firmness. It was very clean throughout. There was a mini fridge and microwave as well as a coffee maker in the room. They have full Comcast digitial/HD cable TV, including HBO and HBO On Demand, nice for a chain hotel.There is no pool, so don't be mis-led by the website. There also aren't safe's in the room. There are plenty of cabs going uptown on 6th Ave and you'll never have a problem getting one. There is a Dunkin Donuts across the street (when you need a DD-fix in the morning).	
Apr 23 2009 	Brand new Hilton Hotel in Manhattan	Just opened, very clean, top breakfast, just over a metro station (direct subway to JFK and Brooklyn). Rooms are nice and stylish.	
Apr 10 2009 	Superb	Can't recommend this place highly enough - at least at the Hotwire rate that I paid. It was a quick one night between flights so didn't test the staff or restaurant much. The big snag is that taxi drivers don't have a clue where it is - and even when they do seem unable to work out the one-way system. The address is confusing too. It is not on York Street but on Sixth Avenue. There's a little Deli just down the road that serves eggs, bacon, toast and hash browns for $6. You can't beat the subway access either - it's almost possible to fall down the subway stairs when leaving the hotel. But take care to work out which Canal Street station you are entering. The other one is around the corner.	
Apr 5 2009 	A little gem in Tribeca	Just spent a week at this hotel on business. Staff great, rooms decent size with very comfortable beds, hotel quiet and well placed for subway and tourist attractions (if you have time). I stayed at the Soho Grand before for twice the price but given the choice I'd stay here very time. It's not opulent but its a good place to put your head on a night.	
Mar 21 2009 	Very Nice Hotel - Great Price (So Far)	I have stayed at this hotel four times since it opened this year. The rooms are very small but since it is new they are very nice. The staff is very nice and the location is good. The attached restaurant is new as well. The staff is fantastic. The second time I stayed they remembered me and my favorite drink. The rate is hard to beat, but you can count on it going up when the economy rebounds.	
Mar 16 2009 	Very nice	Very nice hotel, but very small room, but it had the most comfy bed and towels	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Location Clean Hotel and Friendly Staff	I stayed here with 3 friends in Feb 2009 for a week. We booked two rooms with 2 double beds in each, I don't think i have ever slept so well before- the mattress and pillows were so comfortable, crisp and clean. Our room was a good size and super clean. In both rooms we had a big TV, Fridge , microwave and kettle to use. Plenty of wardrobe and cupboard space also. The bathroom was spacious and clean with bath/shower and a hairdryer. The room also had your own temperaure control, to make the room warmer or cooler. I don't have anything negative to say about the room.The hotel has a restaurant on site, but we never used this so i cannot comment. There is a lovely american dinner down the road which i strongly recommend to anyone who likes a good breakfast at a resonable price. It was a 5 minute walk south of the hotel.The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Soho area with lots of nice bars and restaurants. Otherwise to get further away there is a subway stop about 3 seconds away from the hotels entrance, perfect location!Also there is no pool at this hotel, I say this because when we looked at there website we got the impression they had one, so we were a little dissapointed when we arrived and found out they didn't.The gym and internet facilties at the hotel were all free to use as much as you liked. After 5pm you could have the free cookies at the reception desk (very yummy) and every morning we were left a complimentary newspaper outside our door.The doorman Michael was very friendly and helpful too us and helped us out during our stay. All staff at the hotel were very kind and polite.We had a great stay at this hotel and i reccommend it to everyone of all ages.Also if you catch a taxi to this hotel, I wouldn't tell them its on York Street as they will not know where this is (you will see what i mean when you get there) York street is tiny and not even a street... Instead tell them you want to go to Sixth Ave (Ave of the Americas) and stop just before Canal Street Crossroads.	
Mar 5 2009 	Clean excellent service	Stayed here for 2 nights and enjoyed the new, clean atmosphere. Staff was very accomodating and friendly from front desk to housekeeping to bell staff. Rooms are small but amenable. Some street noise, but quiet neighborhood. Though not in midtown, convenient to subway (ACE line right there) and trendy Tribeca/Soho locations. Tons of GREAT restaurants within walking distance, Chinatown, etc.	
Feb 20 2009 	Pleasant stay nice value	This is a new hotel as of Jan 2009, the lobby is nice and has a contemporary feel. The staff if generally helpful and I found then very responsive to inquiries. This hotel is situated in between a few one-way streets so when driving or in a taxi you have to go around the block to get to it. It is right on the ABC subway line which is very nice to walk outside and catch a train, the 123 line is across busy Canal St. but the walk short. The hotel offers a breakfast but I did not use the onsite restaurant. There is a 24 hour Dunkin Donuts coffee shop on an adjacent corner as well as a small market/deli that is 24 hours I believe. There is a good restaurant about 2 blocks away on Hudson St called Bubby's and there is a drugstore 1 block away for any personal needs. The rooms were comfortable, standard HGI faire, with soft beds and a food convenience area with microwave, coffee maker, and refrigerator. The high speed internet was fast and has really good pings when I used it. There is a LCD TV in the room with VGA connection for large display option if you need it. There is a pantry in the lobby where you can buy food items and snacks. The hotel room I had seemed to be a disabled accessable accomidation so it may have been slightly larger then a standard room, regardless there was plenty of space and I found the room to be quiet. Sometimes you can hear hallway noise since there is a 1/2 inch gap on the entry door.	
Feb 10 2009 	Tribeca/Soho gem!	My family enjoyed an overnight stay at this relatively new, small hotel. With a AAA rate of $116. for two adults and one teenaged son, we weren't expecting much more than the location. We were most pleasantly surprised! Check in was friendly and efficient. The room and bath were more than adequate size wise, impeccably clean and well decorated. The beds, pillows and linens were superb. There was a mini refrig., a microwave and cofee maker. Bathroom ammenities were of an excellent quality. The room was quiet...no outside or inside noise was noticed during our stay. There is an upscale restaurant and bar in the hotel. Special packages are available. The location on the edge of Soho is ideal for trendy shopping and fine dining. Ours was a most positive experience from beginning to end, and we would most definitely return! P.S. valet parking is quite steep @ $55./night, but that's N.Y.C.!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Pas ce qui était attendu		
Aug 26 2009 	Semplicemente: perfetto		
May 30 2009 	Great "free upgrade"		
Apr 30 2009 	Très bon hotel -à recommander		
