Nov 23 2009 	Pleasant central HI Express Times Square South	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nites this past weekend. The hotel is squeezed in between 2 other affialiated hotels, a candlewood suites and a hampton inn. Location is on 39th street,about 150 feet from the corner of 9th ave-- 4 block walk to times square. 9th is better to walk at night to TS as 39th street is mostly businesses closed by 6pm and deserted. Rooms are compact on the order of a Eureopean hotel room, with about two feet of space on the side of the K bed near the window. Breakfeast and free internet are available, making for a nice savings on the rate. Rooms are quiet-we were on the 32nd fl and heard no street noise nor from adjacent rooms-4 rooms to a floor, 36 floors. Hotel is less than 1 year old so rooms are fresh and comfortable. One of the elevators seemed to be fast and the other slow. Staff is friendly and hotel concierge is helpful. Nearest subway is 8th/42. Good restaurant choices in Hells Kitchen area/restaurant row-try our favorite, Hell's Kitchen for upscale mexican and Basiliica across the street for the prixe fixe pre-theatre special. For theatre tickets, 50% off tyr the Visitor's Ino Cetner at 7th/53. All other things being equal , because of the location, I would stay at the Marriott Courtyard Times Sq on 40th/7th as that hotel is better situated toTS and more amenities. See prior review.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice comfortable stay.	In the heart of midtown Manhattan, this is a great hotel to stay in. It has recently been renovated so the rooms are brand new. It's a few minutes' walk to the Times Square.Tip: Have your breakfast as soon as you can because it is only available till stocks last!	
Oct 31 2009 	Great value 	It was our first visit to New York and there were 6 of us staying. Check in was quick and easy, rooms were very clean and attended to every day with clean towels etc. The wait for lifts was acceptable considering there were only two and the breakfast was excellent, lots of different choices, as we were just expecting coffee and muffins! Location was ideal for Times Square/Theatres/Subways/Port Authority bus station etc. All within a 5 minute walk, and as a group of all females we did not feel at all unsafe. There was no problem with noise on the street outside on either sie of the building, we were on the 4th floor and could sleep with the window open without being disturbed. The staff on reception, at breakfast, concierge and bell boys all extremely polite and helpful and we would definately be able to recommend the hotel as a base for anyone visiting the city.	
Oct 28 2009 	good place bad service/management	not far away from the times square, good hotel overall.one incident where i forgot 240 $ in the drawer and the housekeeper took it away!i informed the hotel manager who knew the lady but didnt do anything.wounderful conceirge, front desk	
Oct 25 2009 	The Holiday Inn Express is a very new hotel hotel close to Madison Square Gardens.	The Holiday Inn Express is a very new hotel hotel, close to Madison Square Gardens. I booked the hotel through Priceline $100 per room per night. The room allocated to me was on the first floor, when asked if I could change it, the gentleman at reception allocated a room on the 35th floor with the most amazing view at no extra cost.The bathroom has standard toiletries - shampoo/shower gel/shower cap. Hairdrier also supplied.The room has a kettle/cups, and just outside the door is an ice machine, and a snack/confectionery dispensing machine. The rooms aren't a great size, but has enough space to get ready. There is an ironing board and iron in one of the wardrobes.There is no fridge.Cleanliness - being a new hotel, it is very clean.Breakfast - good selection, suitable for vegetarians, you can also take breakfast up to your room. Would recommend taking extra teabags/milk, as they are not supplied in the room.Noise - very quietStaff - very friendly and very accommodating.Opposite the concierge desks are two computers for free intenet use, and printers attached.Location - Very good, Penn Station is nearby, but I walked everywhere, it was about half an hour walk to Central Park, Macey's, Empire State building are very close. The street is dark, and not very well lit.Would defnitely recommend the hotel, which is aiming to become a three star hotel soon.	
Oct 23 2009 	perfect hotel	hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful!! Rooms were very clean and beds were comfy!!! Views from the room were just okay!! ( I expected alittle better view) overall the hotel was worth the stay and I would recommend it to friends and family!!Very short walk from penn station and subways!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Quiet central hotel	This was the quietest hotel I've ever stayed at in NYC. I guess because it's new - we stayed in rooms on the 2nd and 3rd floors and never heard traffic or other room noises. The rooms are very small as you'd expect. The beds are comfortable as others have said.The elevators are painfully slow to use so we were glad to be on lower floors so we could take the stairs. We didn't eat the breakfast - with Hot &amp; Crusty Cafe bagels nearby we gave the typical Holiday Inn Express breakfast a miss.The front desk staff were pleasant and helpful. I wish we'd gotten this on Priceline, but the rate wasn't horrible for NYC considering there were 4 adults in the room.The biggest &quot;minus&quot; for me was the size of the bathroom - very small and very few &quot;surfaces&quot; to place towels, items on, more of a problem because there were 4 of us.I would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends, especially if you can get a good price on the room.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great stay for great price	Booked this thru Priceline and got a great deal $99 per night. Hotel is in a great location. Rooms small but very clean and quiet. Desk clerks were very pleasant. Would have liked to have a mini fridge in the room. One odd thing was towel storage was inside the shower enclosure forcing you to find a place to put the extra towels in a small bathroom while showering.	
Oct 11 2009 	Close to the action and clean!	A friend and I were visiting a friend in Brooklyn and at the last minute, we decided to stay in Manhattan to be closer to restaurants and to Broadway (and to be a bit more comfortable too). We didn't want to spend a lot and tried using Priceline and got this hotel for $100 for 1 night compared to the $300 advertised! The hotel was a quick walk to Time Square and the staff were friendly and efficient. We had a king size bed and the room was clean and roomy enough for the 3 of us. The bathroom was clean. It was a great stay. We were also up on the 23rd floor and heard no street traffic or noise. The only complaint was that some of the TV channels were fuzzy, but we didn't go there to watch TV.	
Oct 9 2009 	Best Value in Times Square	This hotel was clean and affordable and best of all just a few blocks away from the heart of times square. I absolutely love their shampoo and conditioner.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I had to make a last minute reservation for a business trip during the week of all of the UN meetings (and the city was booked!) I stayed here as the prices were very reasonable considering the situation. You could tell the hotel had been recently remodeled (like all of their TV commercials say), and the room was great! The bed was super comfortable, and I slept like a baby. This is NYC, so the room was fairly small, but much bigger than other comparable hotels that I have stayed in. They had WIFI in the room that was very easy to access, all in all it was a great stay for the price! If you are looking for something convenient to the Times Square area, this is a great option!	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent choice	REally impressed with this hotel and location. Staff was very friendly. Arrived early about 11 am, and were able to check right in. Rooms were small as expected for NYC, but very, very clean. No long wait for elevators, as posted before. Breakfast is repetitious, would be nice if they alternated one day omelets, and sausage and next day scrambled eggs, and bacon, but it did the trick. Free internet to use, in lobby, if you can get on it. Street is busy during the day, but a little deserted at nighttime. Safe though. Liquor store and drug store on corner of 7th and 39th st, so that was handy. Cute restaurant around the corner on 8th st, Westway is the name. Great breakfast and so reasonable. Turn right out of hotel lobby, go right, at corner turn right and its at about 43rd st on right hand side. Excellent!	
Oct 3 2009 	so-so value for money	First, the positives: -My friend and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Times Square in September for 3 nights. We booked the holiday through expedia.ca and got a great rate by booking our flights and the room together (it cost about $630CAD for return airfare from toronto to new york and included three nights at the hotel.) For that price, it was a great deal. -The room was small, but functioned exactly as we needed it to - private bathroom with shower/sink/toilet and a bed. -The room was clean - bedsheets, carpet, bathroom were all clean and well kept. -There were no bugs - no bedbugs, no cockroaches, no creepy-crawlies of any sort that we saw (good news as North America is beginning to have a bedbug problem again.) -The location was great; about a five minute walk to Times Square and about a three minute walk to the nearest subway station. -There's free computers and internet in the lobby, I never waited more than 5 minutes to use them. -The free breakfast was ok, but not very healthy or vegetarian-friendly, but still it was nice to have a glass of orange juice and a bagel to get going in the morning.-Each room has its own air conditioning and heating unit (a bit noisy, bring earplugs if that kind of thing keeps you up at night) as well as a television.Negatives: -if booked just on its own, this hotel is not worth the $270/night for the cheapest rooms available, there's definitely better finds if you check around a bit more.-The front desk staff were rude and messed up our booking (it was eventually sorted, but the girl doing check-in was no help whatsoever and after an hour of talking to people on the phone, being put on hold and given the run-around it turned out the front desk girl was at fault and had made an error checking in someone by the same last name as me.) -There are only two elevators servicing a 35-storey building; during the day and at night it's not too much of an issue, but around breakfast time/check-out time we waited for 6 elevators to go by before just lugging our suitcases down the stairs.Over all:-I would stay here again if I got a good, cheap rate with flight and hotel rolled into one. Clean rooms that offer a place to sleep at night, shower and store our luggage was all we were really looking for and this hotel fulfilled those needs well. For the price we paid it was a great value right in the heart of Manhattan, close to the subway and touristy things.	
Oct 2 2009 	good position and not bad value for money	Was clean and good service. Great position to see everything	
Sep 27 2009 	Great for the price.	Rooms are small, but with this being an almost new hotel you would expect that and unless your throwing a party in the room don't let that bother you. Spotless inside, and the bed is SOOOOO comfortable!! My wife was checking the comforter to see who made it lol! Great water pressure also, took a nice 30 min hot shower..something ya never do at home! It was about a 8 min walk to Times Square, but I'll walk the 5 or 6 blocks to save $250 a night! Elevators were somewhat slow, but it aint the Marriot. Get to the free breakfast by 8am and there's plenty of food and coffee to go around.Only negative thing is the parking. We had called and were told that there was parking for $50 a night. Not bad by NYC standards. On our first call we were told that we could drop off the car and they would park it in an off site lot. Then we were told when we got there that we would have to drop it off at IMPARK lot 5 min away and walk. Weather was nice but u might want to call and see if it was just us misunderstanding or a bad policy.So if your looking to save a couple hundred dollars a night, stay in a nice clean hotel that's close to TS then this is it. If your looking to stay in TS and like to spend $450 or more for a room to sleep in then pass on this.	
Sep 21 2009 	Clean but small rooms	Hotel is located close to Port Authority bus terminal, times square, empire state. Very nice location...Rooms are small but clean, especially beds were very clean. Down side, someone ate chips and drunk sprite and left the empty boxes in the room. I asked the reception to check what happened but they never get back to me. I think one of the cleaning personal just watched TV in the room. I did not want to pursue more because I do not want someone to loose a job because of me. He/She did not touch any of my belongings	
Sep 21 2009 	Good basic hotel.	While not luxury, this hotel is a solid option for NYC. Its not super close to the action of Times Square or Theater District, but both are just a short walk as is the subway. Great breakfast, service and cleanliness. Room are on the smaller size, but we had three people in our two double beds, and were completely comfortable. I would definitely recommend!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Great stay and confortable stay!	I stayed at this property labour day weekend, and I had a wonderful stay, the staff was very helpful and very nice. The room was not to big but the size was good for a Nyc hotel, it had free High speed internet. Breakfast had good choice Cinnamon roll amazing, bagel English muffins, cereal yogurt, eggs stuffed with cheese etc... breakfast room was a comfortable size... I have to say it can get a little crowded around 9am, BUT there's always a staff member to refill whatever is missing! Location is perfect only 5-10 min walk to Port Authority station and Time Square.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good location free breakfast no complaints	Stayed here on a recent Saturday night by using a free stay I had earned with Priority Club. Priority Club gave me a choice of several locations in NYC, and I was glad I chose this Holiday Inn Express. It is a new hotel (August 2009) located on W. 39th St. between 8th and 9th Aves (it is right next to a Candlewood Suites and Hampton Inn). We arrived in NYC at Penn Station, and found walking to the hotel from there very easy (probably less than 10 minutes). Traveled through the city quite a bit using the subway, and the hotel is near Times Square Station (took the # 7 train to Grand Central to travel east, then the # 6 downtown to Little Italy). Also took a cab from SoHo back to the hotel, which cost about $11. Check-in and check-out had no problems. I was even able to check-in a few hours early. When I checked out, I was able to store my bags at no additional charge, which allowed me more time to explore NYC. The hotel is tall and narrow - there are 30-something floors, but I know that my floor only had about 5 or 6 rooms on it. The room was clean and somewhat small, but that is to be expected in NYC. We had a pretty full schedule planned for our NY trip, so we really were only in the hotel when we first checked in, while we slept, and for breakfast, so a small room was not really an issue since we spent so little time there. We slept very good, with no outside noise issues (while it's called the Holiday Inn Express Times Square, this location is a few blocks away from the major hustle and bustle). Our room had a partial view of the Hudson River. As with all Holiday Inn Expresses, you get a free breakfast, which I found quite good (pre-made omlettes, bagels, juice. muffins, etc). I thought there were plenty of tables at breakfast, but I suppose it could get busy at certain times of the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people looking for a location convenient to Times Square, Broadway, Port Authority, and Penn Station. I'd like to stay there again, although I doubt I will unless I get another free night (if I had paid for the night I stayed for free would have been $350!).	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location for budget-minded traveler	Great location, just a couple of blocks from Times Square and the theater district. Since the hotel is new, the rooms are modern, clean, and bright. The beds were really comfortable. The lobby, however, left a lot to be desired. When we arrived and saw the tiny, somewhat dirty, and crowded lobby, we were afraid of what our room would be like, but the rooms were fine, although quite small. The free breakfasts were adequate, again a great moneysaver. The customer service was not up to par with other Holiday Inns, however. There were only three hangers in our room and we called down for more, and no one ever came. The front desk crew seemed inexperienced and only marginally helpful. But the price is right if you are willing to forego the amenities another hotel might provide.	
Sep 13 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	If you are looking for the usual Holiday Inn Express experience, you will be satisfied with this one. A good value considering location, room decor, comfort, and services provided. If you want to be a bit closer to the action (Times Square), a larger room, and more services, you need to stay elsewhere.	
Sep 13 2009 	Brand new hotel affordable many amenities	This brand new hotel offers - for a fairly low rate - large clean rooms, free wireless internet, a business center, and breakfast. It's centrally located (not the cleanest part of town), just a couple of minutes away from Times Square. Staff was ok. The only downside that I can think of are the elevator: although fast, there are two of them to serve the 36 storey building. Getting downstairs at check-out-rush-hour might take some 10 minutes.	
Sep 8 2009 	Clean Comfortable Stay	I went with a group of about 15 young people . We stayed for a weekend and personally I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The people at reception were very accommodating and patient. We found the service personnel to be kind and helpful. I was expecting to have a bad experience in New York hotels from reading negative reviews about how small, unclean, and uncomfortable some places were but it was quite the opposite. The rooms were very clean, not too small, with widescreen tv, a desk w modern lighting , an armoire, ironing materials, a night table, a cofee pot. In other words they worked very well with the space they had. We lacked nothing we needed. It also helped that we were on the 26th floor where there was an ice &amp; snack machine. I liked the simple and abstract designs in the double bed room where 3 of us stayed. The bathroom was great. Clean and big and white with toiletries that were replaced often It's refreshing not to see flowers and pompous bedspreads. Breakfast was a plus but you had to get in early or later in order to find good seating. It was good. They had cereal, milk, eggs with cheese, toast,coffee cranberry, apple, and some other type of juice. There was a small sitting area in the lobby and another area where they had two PC stations for internet use. We also had internet access from our rooms for our laptops. Check out times were listed as 12 on the internet when we made our reservation..only discrepancy is that on the hotel booklet each room has, says check out time is 11 am but it turned out they were pretty flexible anyway. They also held our luggage for us for a couple of hours after we had checked out, which helped us find appropriate transportation to get to the airport later. So overall, we had a great and affordable experience in NYC staying here	
Aug 9 2009 	New hotel startup problems ok for 1 person in room	It is a new, clean place, with in general reasonable rooms. Price level is standard to others around. OK to stay, but will not be comfortable, as you have to tolerate the following:.-Lifts slow and crowded. Especially because the housekeeping staff with laundry carts use same lifts as guests. On our 3 day stay, on numerous occasions, housekeeping would crowd a cart into an already crowded lift cage, hold the doors open to talk with housekeepers on various floors where the lift stopped. 5 minute waits normal..-Breakfast -- free, and no complaint -- also crowded at peak times around 9 am. Long lines, no seating..-Room air conditioners seemed to be of the binary control (blast cold air, blast hot air) type. If you can, dont take the 2xbedded rooms, as in these the AC unit blasts direct into the closest bed. Try the king room, seems to be better..-Little coordination between front desk and housekeeping on reservations. One day, housekeeping knocked 4 times to ask when are we leaving, when we weren't going to. On another day, our two rooms were not made up as housekeeping was waiting for us to depart, which we were not scheduled to do. An hour to sit in lobby while housekeeping was rescheduled to do the rooms..-One of two reservations lost by reception, and had to be dug up from emails.The reservation issues seem teething problems in a newly opened place, and should quickly get sorted. Others are a tougher challenge.This hotel is a &quot;sister&quot; or the Candlewood Suites and Hampton Inn brands next door (literally 5 and 10 meters away). Prices appear quite similar. Would recommend trying those two as alternatives in case internal details are any better there. But especially housekeeping staff seemed to be a mix and match of the brand uniforms, so may not have much meaning.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Value	Very clean, good location, no complaints except the elevators..there are only 2 for the almost 40 floors. Ice machines only on every ~ 9 floors. Beds great.	
Jul 17 2009 	unfriendly hotel in good location but dirty business area	newly refurbished hotel has clean air conditioned rooms near to madison sq gardens and penn station location in business district which is very dirty and hot in junestaff unhelpful refused to store luggagebreakfast room tiny but food quite good and tables outside if no roominternet in tiny foyer which is very busy and not very cleanone of the best things about the hotel is the outside tables in front and behind the hotel where you can sit with a bought drinkconcierge never there and you need to ask if you are meeting a group as tiny notice displayed late in front of his tiny booth there are maps available but you need to ask as staff do not bother volunteering any information	
May 30 2009 	Beware #2!! Not Open Until August.....	While checking for dinner reservations near our hotel, we noticed the first &quot;Beware&quot; and followed up. Indeed, we would have arrived late at night - party of six including two small children to a hotel that is under rennovation not even taking reservations until June '09. When I called Holiday Inn, customer service confirmed my reservation for the first weekend in June - a reservation made in January 2009! Then she told me the hotel would not be taking reservations until June 25th? Then referred me to customer service who confirmed the hotel would not be open until August 16th! Why wasn't I told six months ago? So I spent the better half of a day trying to find another hotel - gave up our continental breakfast and proximity to our destination in the process. By the way, I called the telephone number on this website and spoke to someone under the pretense that he was IN the hotel - who confirmed we could leave our bags with the concierge after check-out to sightsee, and that there was a restaurant in the hotel all the while the hotel isn't even open! So be careful you are actually speaking to THE hotel personnel. Good Luck!	
Mar 25 2009 	Beware - hotel was not there!	We arrived after a long trip to NYC, ready to check in at our hotel. We arrived at the address listed here and given to us in our confirmation by Holiday Inn. The hotel was dark, empty - the only evidence that perhaps it was a Holiday Inn was that there was a peice of paper taped to the glass window saying it was a Holiday Inn. After calling the reservation number, the HI rep on the line didn't know it was not open. We ended up staying down the street and were told this has happend to other people. He said that the hotel was being remodled and was behind schedule.	
Nov 15 2009 	Consigliato		
Oct 11 2009 	Aamazing!!		
Sep 24 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
