Nov 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	After a long journey from london, they have a pool you can relax in until 9:30pm(the view is amazing from the pool...) not to mention a sauna and steam facility. We had a superior room which was great, the view was just other rooms, but we didn't really need a view. It was a wonderful hotel, brilliant staff and the overall appearance makes it feel grand. the location is fantastic too, right opposite trump towers(and for all you shoppers, its right on 5th avenue.....i.e. Zara, Armani Exchange, Cartier, F.A.O Schwartz, H&amp;M and many more, walking distance to central park and about 5-10 mins walking from times square. be warned though, the hotel is expensive, massages cost a fortune!! and room service.....is literally pocket emptying....(although if you walk out the front door there are several hot dog stands!!)Overall wonderful experience, i would definitely stay there again....	
Nov 12 2009 	Grand Old Dame	To me this is one of the icon hotels , with a perfect location , I like the style and feel.Rooms and bathrooms are very comfortable , but avoid the smaller room categories.Room service and maid service has worked excellent when I have stayed there.Unfortunately the service level is sub par from doormen , bellhops and front desk.Not even close to Pen Bev Hills . However this seems to be an issue with all NYC hotels.It is a great hotel as long as you don't have to eat and drink there. The restaurant is terrible , menu , prices , service and decor .The bar has a good location and layout , but again the service is dreadful , they spend more time chatting with employees than attending to guests .	
Nov 1 2009 	Lovely and Posh	This is my kind of hotel - lovely, old school opulent without being garish, renovated with quietly sexy rooms - a place for grown -ups, not club kids. I got a decent rate on jetsetter.com - otherwise the Peninsula is out of my price range. I have also stayed at the Peninsula Beverly Hills and I prefer the staff here in NYC - they are more polished and pleasant. While we were checking out I overheard a staff person at the front desk try to get a new chair for a guest because he had back problems. I live in the NYC area so I don't stay at city hotels that much (3 -6 times a year maybe) but this is my kind of place. Next time I'll try to get there earlier to head to the spa (I 've seen photos - looks spectacular) and do a yoga class (fitness classes are complimentary for guests).	
Oct 26 2009 	Very comfortable lacking in some deails	Spent a long weekend with my 5 year old son over Columbus Day. Stayed in a grand deluxe room which was spacious (did not get the Amex Platinum upgrade to jr exec suite as it wasn't available, which was a bit disappointing). Overall we found the room comfortable and quiet, but lacking in details. I had to call to get a child's robe (though they knew I was bringing him), room service completely messed up our dinner (I ordered a tomato basil pizza and we got some chicken disaster, for example). We chose to stay her because of the pool, and it was nice, although the first time we went up there were 2 lap swimmers and so not enough room for a little one to play - its pretty small. In hindsight I think the Mandarin would have been a better choice - also has a pool and I Think would be better for getting around to do the stuff with small kids (theater, cental park - parts of it- kind friendly restaurants, subway, etc). Our stay was fine but I probably wouldn't stay there again. And we LOVE the Peninsula in Chicago, but this isn't quite as polished.	
Oct 18 2009 	Better at the Mandarin Oriental or Four Seasons	Stayed for 5 nights in a deluxe room facing 5th/55th. Overall the room was very quiet, well appointed, good bed, amazing bathroom and comfortable space - if you are travelling alone. However, with 2 people in the room, it can become a little crowded as the room sizes are not that big. The bathroom is big - well appointed, but still lacking the small things - like bath salts. Most 5-star luxury chains provide this without request. Here, it is suggested that these products are available in the lobby shop! While the room was very satisfactory, the hotel was not. Let's start with the lobby - there is none. Build on 2-4 levels (depending where you are), the main area is broken up into a small seating area just off the entrance steps, then more steps to the 555 restaurant (very average food from very unhelpful staff), or the other steps up to the lobby cafe (over-priced food with no view and average service), or to the front desk area with always no more than 2 staff behind the counter (lines build up quickly and the staff appear to be new and not very polished in relations or experience), and finally to the elevator/another small seating area. Overall, this odd layout makes it difficult if: (i) you are disabled in the slightest and find stairs difficult, (ii) to find a comfortable place to relax and enjoy the ambiance and feel of the hotel, and (iii) to truly appreciate the hotel's grandness (on the opposite side of the building [facing 54th] there is a private club with just about the best looking room, ornately designed and feel of luxuriousness).The staff are almost there when compared to other luxury brands (such as the Mandarin Oriental or Four Seasons) - very inconsistent service, don't really know their guests (especially if you are there for several nights and leave and enter several times a day), and almost unfriendly attitudes. The best staff are the housekeeping who always greet guests in the hallways and always have a pleasant nature about themselves. The worse are the frontdoor staff - never greet guests (or appear to only greet certain types of guests) and never open doors (which I must say are rather heavy).Finally the amenities - odd way to get up to the pool (maybe get staff to wait by the pool for guests to sign in and not make guests sign in one floor below?), poor pool service (generally the other Peninsula properties would have staff come with cool glasses of water and lay out towels for guests who swim), good gym but generally no staff in sight - have to hunt them down, and the spa is dead quiet with staff standing around waiting for other staff to 'serve' you. Overall, this hotel (especially considering what their Hong Kong and Bangkok properties are like) lacks that unique luxury brand. What sets the Mandarin and Four Seasons from this property in NY is the poor guest service from staff. Of only the hotel would spend more time training and encouraging staff (perhaps with incentives?) to be more consistent and pleasant to guests, then maybe the hotel could live up to this well established name.	
Oct 14 2009 	Classy and customer focused	A beautiful hotel with a great location. The rooms were spacious, beautifully decorated with one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The bathroom was enormous and watching the TV mounted directly ahead of you in the wall was a particular treat.Service was excellent, both for breakfast - which typically New York was vast to a Londoner's eyes- and in the rooftop bar which has amazing views of the city.I really couldn't fault the hotel. It's not a cutting edge designer or boutique hotel - and doesn't try to be. This is a classy, quiet and elegant hotel which just works to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Hard to want more really.	
Oct 12 2009 	First Rate but not very good value	As with all Peninsula's Michael Kadoorie, the obsessive owner, has made this a first rate experience. I found it expensive, despite getting an excellent corporate rate, and the rooms rather small - akin to a london hotel really. I found the room a bit &quot;fussy&quot; also. Fantastic location and service as to be expected.If your budget stretches, streets ahead of most similarly priced competitors.	
Sep 25 2009 	Not quite there	We have recently returned from a 5 day trip to New York staying at this hotel. The hotel did not negotiate any special rates but we stayed because we had been there before and to its sister hotel in Hong Kong, and were perfectly happy with our stays. On this occasion we felt things had slipped a bit and were somewhat impersonal. For example three days into the stay we had a note posted under the door asking when we were going to be checking out. I rang reception and explained that I had prepaid for 5 days and queried their letter. They said that they had made an administrative error. Their resolution was to give us some new keys to ensure we could get into the room for the rest of the stay. On that same evening we returned to hotel and decided to have a drink in the rooftop bar at 10.45pm. This was dark and noisy and really not what we wanted. We went to the small downstairs bar and were told that they were closed but we could get a drink from the minibar then. At £600 per night per room this reaction came at somewhat of a surprise. Perhaps it was because of the United Nations delegation or maybe it was a change of staff but the tight management edge seemed to have gone off this place. We were just not treated particularly special which used to be the case here.	
Sep 8 2009 	Five star all the way. I highly recommend this hotel.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from Sep 4-7, 2009 with our children, ages 10, 8 &amp; 5 months and my parents.Though we are big FS fans and have stayed at the FSNY several times, I think we may have found a new home during NYC visits. This hotel was cozy and the staff was warm and friendly. Our experience exceeded our expectations!The rooms were impeccably clean and well-maintained. The decor is warmer than the FSNY. We had adjoining rooms which were well-suited to traveling with three children. Though the views of 55th and 5th Ave cannot rival views of Central Park on the higher floors of the FSNY, I would not hesitate to stay here again.The design of the hotel is such that it feels more intimate than the FSNY (though we love the FSNY's I.M. Pei designed entry). A friendly staff member stood ready at appropriate points to guide us to our destination be it the elevator for the stroller, the front desk, the rest rooms, or Fives (the restaurant). We were greeted by name as we passed the front desk in the mornings which was really a nice touch. This hotel also has a pool in a glass room with a view of Central Park and 5th Ave) which can be hard to find in NYC. This makes a great diversion for kids after an afternoon in the park or museums.The concierge gave us two great recommendations for lunch and dinner (Cafe Milan down the block for Italian during lunch and Cafe Fiorello on the upper west side). Things to consider for those traveling with children or who require wheeled access. Wheeled access entry is to the right of the main entrance (Salon De Ning entrance). A quick elevator ride takes you to the lobby where you need to transfer to the elevators which take you to the guest rooms. Once the rooftop bar opens (after 4pm in our case), a member of the staff from the bell desk must accompany hotel guests in the first quick elevator ride because the elevator goes directly to the roof. I can imagine that this might pose a challenge later in the evening (after 10pm) as the rooftop bar gets quite crowded and the line for the elevator would be longer. Since we are normally in by 9 pm, this was not normally a problem for us. Also, Fives did not have a children's menu to my knowledge (though I didn't ask either). There were plenty of suitable foods, but breakfast for my husband and me and our two older children easily reached a pretty penny even with the kids having cereal or a bagel and a bowl of fruit with their chocolate milk. This is a fantastic property! I recommend it highly and hope to stay here again in the future!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great rooms location and service	Perfect 2-day stay at the Peninsula for Labor Day weekend.Extremely nice and helpful staff (nice recommendation for brunch for example, Norma's at the Parker Meridien was great) , perfect location (55th and 5th) and great rooms, even the &quot;cheap&quot; ones - ours on the 18th floor had a view on 5th to the South and into the Moma Sculpture garden. Room was very large, with a huge bathroom, including a glorious (though small) bathtub - why glorious ? it's got a tv - watching college football in a warm bath after a long day walking in the city is GLORIOUS !All in all a great stay - we got a tremendous deal through Orbitz, though, so our take on the value is probably skewed.We didn't try the swimming pool or the spa unfortunately, but went to the rooftop bar, great place, $20 cocktails and $12 beers but when you're sipping it from a terrace overlooking 5th Av, that's really worth it.	
Aug 9 2009 	5 star all the way	My husband and I traveled to New York for our 15th anniversary and stayed at the Peninsula. The staff, service, accomodation, dining, spa and all services were 5 star. The room was clean and quiet. The bed comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and all ammenities provided were sufficient. The only concern we had was the shower sprayed water on the tub ledge which then flowed onto the floor. We had to use towels to creat a damn to prevent further flooding. The rooftop lounge was a special way to end an evening on Broadway. Although pricey, the view and romantic surroundings were worth it.The location was within easy walking distance of all major sights including Times Square, Broadway theaters, Central Park, shopping and subway stops.We thoroughly enjoyed the superior staff and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	Luxury With a Low-Key Feel	My husband and I just spent a weekend at The Peninsula after wanting to stay there for some time, and we were very favorably impressed. Having stayed at most of the top NYC hotels, we liked the Peninsula's elegance without glitz and its genuinely friendly staff. Some other hotels seem to have the philosophy that a snobbish attitude on the part of the staff lends an air of exclusivity; that just puts us off. Every single employee we encountered during our stay had a smile and a pleasant greeting, whether a maitre d' or a housekeeper. We always felt welcome and appreciated.The public areas were elegant, but a little bit dim due to the dark wood and olive green carpeting. Because the lobby areas are on multiple levels and the ceilings are somewhat low in some spots, the feel was intimate rather than awe-inspiring. It almost felt more like a private club than a hotel, with different places to sit and relax.Our room was upgraded to a junior suite which was lovely and very quiet despite facing onto Fifth Avenue. We had a drink in the rooftop terrace bar but didn't have a chance to enjoy the outdoor lounge area as it started to rain as soon as we arrived. Service was quick and polite, which we were glad of as we were in a hurry to get to our restaurant for dinner. Breakfast was very nice, though with the incredibly high prices that seem to be the norm in New York these days despite the economy. A guest at a neighboring table actually had her unfinished bagel and lox packaged to go, and at $32 or so, I don't blame her.In all, we were very happy with the Peninsula and look forward to staying here again.	
Jun 22 2009 	My new favorite hotel while in New York	I had always wanted to stay at The Peninsula but always stayed in hotels around central Park for their view and location as I like to jog while on business trips. Having read the weather forecast prioro to my visit I realized thata no outdoor jogging was happning with the rainy outlook so I decided to give it a try. the hotel is undergoing a remodelation that keeps a scafold over the entrace not giving you the first imppression, but the rest of my experience more than made up fot this. I found the lobby very intimate and well appointed. The check in staff was exrtremely courteus and gave me an upgrade to a room overlooking Fifth Avenue. I have to saty that this hotel has among the best bathrooms I have seen in NYC, extremely spacious with separate tub and shower, rivalring those of the Four Seasons which I considered to be the best until now. the bed was an unforgetable experience with extra down pillows and very nice linens. Since I was celebrating my wedding aniversary next day I ordered champagne to the room before dinner but had only two glasses before it was time to meet some friends for cocktails. I asked the almost full bottle to be sent to the bar to drink the rest and somehow it never mad it. The captain at the wonderful terrace bar inmediately opened a new bottle for us and when our bottle finally arived they refused to charge us the second bottle opened. Very impressed! theye recentle had opened a ESPA spa and an excercise facility which I condsider to be the best of any hotel in NY. I will definetely saty at this hotel again in my next vists to NY	
Jun 7 2009 	Perfect location for a short trip to New York	Delightful service, well equipped room, charming staff. Fab Ning Bar.Expensive but worth every penny for my husband's Christmas present!	
May 21 2009 	Great Service Great Location Great Hotel	We had a great five day stay a coupla months ago. The service is great, rooms well appointed and nice location near Central Park. We especially liked the redone outdoor area which is oh so trendy but a lot of fun. The people were nice, the pool is adequate (tough to find a pool in NYC). and sauna, etc. well above average.Seems like a boutique hotel and I have stayed there twice this year and plan a few more stays. If you are pinching pennies this is not the place for you with $22 cocktails and $60 parking. Ate at Bice and Botega del Vino resturants nearby. The restaurant was empty and pricey with just ok food. The Salon de Ning bar has some finger foods so a better choice--perfect on a summer night.All in all a great experience!	
May 21 2009	Great Hotel Yes Expensive but worth it!	I treated my Sister for a 4 night stay last November for her 40th and went by the excellent reviews on tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. The room (Grand-Deluxe) was everything we expected and more. The beds and pillow choices were amazing, hugh bathroom and separate shower (although ours wasn't very powerful) so the extra hand rail shower worked well. Delicious cake treat for my Sister on arrival and overall enjoyed our stay in this very expensive hotel. If we could afford it, would revisit without hesitation.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Location if you want to stay in Midtown	Just stayed here last weekend. Booked the trip on Orbitz. Thought it was a good deal for that caliber of hotel and airfare. Big room, no view but we didn't care as it was clean and very quiet. Didn't use hotel services or food. Went instead for great bagesl, pizza and Chinese food that we can't get at home.	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	After reading some of the prior reviews we were apprehensive about staying at this hotel. We booked it anyway and stayed from Friday to Sunday. WOW. I have stayed at many five star hotels for business and pleasure and this one has to be the best so far. The staff from the door man “JASON “ who was so kind in helping me program my GPS because I had to drive to New Jersey for a meeting to the room service were so friendly yet so professional. The room was beautiful. We upgraded upon arrival to a fifth Avenue view (worth the price). The bathroom with a garden tub and a TV in the wall to watch while bathing was awesome. We ordered room service Saturday night. They wheeled a cart into our room, opened the wine bottle and set the dinner table for us. They really took the time to go beyond our expectations. I have stayed in many five star hotels and never received the service I did here. One bit of advice, take your swim suites. We didn’t but they have a pool on the 21st floor with a gym and spa that you shouldn’t miss. Yes the price is a bit more than other hotels but if you can fit it into your budget it is all worth it. My client in New York lives in the Upper East Side and was very impressed we were staying here. I felt like Donald Trump himself while I was there. The location is perfect for shopping, walking to St Patrick’s Cathedral and many great food spots. We will be back in the spring. Thanks to all who made our trip a memorable one.W Smith.	
Feb 16 2009 	faded glory	This hotel has clearly seen better days, the newly revamped pool and rooftop bar are great but the rest needs a complete facelift. Excellent location &amp; helpful staff but there are so many better and more reasonable hotels in town there is no reason to stay here. However, if you do - avoid the food.	
Jan 30 2009	Goes thru the motions but lacks what it takes to be at the top	We stayed here on a winter getaway promotion that gives you $50 spa credit and breakfast along with the room. When my wife checked in, she was told there were no rooms available so they upgraded us from a superior room to a deluxe suite. The suite was very nice -- understated elegance and it seems that a deluxe suite is the same thing across the Peninsula chain, right down to the design of the bathrooms.Our main beef here is that the hotel lacks certain things that make it a first choice property. Fives restaurant is a bit cramped for fine dining if you don't get your own table and wind up along a row of cushions, the food was decent but by no means outstanding at dinner (ie: my wife's fish portion was small, desserts were mediocre), and certain aspects of quality control on the property are inconsistent (ie: bathroom scale was off by 21 pounds and obviously nobody is checking to reset them; hot chocolate came out white which the server noticed when he started pouring it). Breakfast bakery on the other hand was excellent and what you expect it to be.Great hotels are supposed to meet special requests. I wanted the sides from the salmon entree on my bass fish entree. There was no reason it wouldn't work. The chef didn't do it. Instead, I was served the item I had listed as an alternate but wasn't told until it was served to me.Another important point -- there are a lot of Asians staying here and Asians tend to smoke. I don't know if the property is a non-smoking property but I smelled tobacco when I got up in the morning and I don't like that.When we checked out, it emerged that my wife hadn't spent the $50 spa credit because she couldn't get an appointment that was mutually convenient. The front desk manager offered us a $30 certificate. I said that we live in the neighborhood, that the spa treatments are rather pricey here (ie: $195 for a 60 minute facial plus tax and tip) and that for 2 certificates (they have them in denominations of $30) we would use it. He declined and therefore lost $200 in revenue from us since he wouldn't extend an extra $30. I didn't think this was very managerially smart and it probably helps explain why this property is just not up to par with its peers. If I were choosing a 5 star property in Manhattan, I'd try something else before I returned to the Peninsula. Simply put, it goes through the motions of a great hotel, but it just lacks the qualities of greatness in the little details that make it so.	
Jan 13 2009 	Barely Memorable and Definitely A Second Choice	No question, it has a great location on 5th and 55th and from my Grande Luxe room, a passable view up the Avenue but at $1175++ a night, somewhat steep for what was a comfortable but hardly spectacular room.Many hotels in NY lack public space but in this case, there is none at all and it feels dark and brooding and somewhat claustrophobic. There is no lingering here, door to stairs to elevator bank, which doesn't perhaps give the right feel.Room was comfortable, good bed and linens and all the thoughtful touches from the bedside control panel. Laundry and pressing service, prompt and excellent. Room service, also good and delivered hot food on time with a flourish.Breakfast in Fives, quite good but it's not a compelling setting, and lacks any atmosphere.Didn't have time for the spa and pool which clearly are features to be explored. Chose to stay here because the Carlyle was full but in my view the latter is the clear winner on all counts and this is a poor cousin in a distinguished lineage of hotels.	
Jan 12 2009 	Faceless luxury.	I have long dreamed to stay in this hotel because I once saw a rating of New York Hotels in Conde Nast Traveler, and Peninsula was rated as #1.It is difficult to fault it, since it is indeed VERY comfortable at the spinal cord level - all bodily comforts are there: excellent bed and beddings, great toiletries, warm floor in the bathroom, all modern standard comforts which would be impossible to find in so many places in the world, like Greece, for example :)However, the place is somewhat faceless and flat, with no special signature that would distinguish it from some other standard modern luxury hotels in the world. It could as well be in Singapore or Moscow, it would look the same.And on a cerebral level, it was not as pleasing - the view from the room was a typical of NYC frightening in its ugliness courtyard; the room itself was quite small; the lobby was tiny, and the whole place was so crumpy and somewhat claustrophobic. I admit the flowers in the public areas were gorgeous, but still the overall impression is somewhat of a dark and crowded labyrinth. I think that the management is aware of it and tries to liven it up with flowers, as I mentioned, but the fundamentals are just of an overpopulated New York City hub.We chose this hotel over Pierre because of the swimming pool, but after all, we were not sure if that was so important. The pool is nice, but nothing special, CERTAINLY NOTHING to compare with the luxury of Bayerische Hof in Munich, for example, where it is so lavishly appointed, with the sliding roof that opens on a nice day...Definitely Peninsula pales in comparison to its European top-of-the-line sisters. There is no buffet breakfast as well, and it was a big disappointment.I will certainly try Pierre next time, simply because it is the most memorable to stay somewhere with more character and style.	
Jan 2 2009 	Beautiful	I wanted to stay over night in Manhattan on New Year's Eve to eliminate the trek back to Long Island on the busy LIRR. We chose the Peninsula because we had heard many good things about it and it was fairly close to our destination. The hotel was perfect and I would absolutley stay there again. A beautiful sight all around and the staff was friendly.	
Dec 25 2008 	Excellent - Truly superb - you get what you pay for!	Absolutely Excellent from start to finish and I am very fussy as you will know from other reviews!The hotel room was gorgeous - the bathroom amazing with a fabulous separate toilet area and huge shower cubicle - very well furnished and decorated room - view over 5th avenue - .... just - for views it isnt the best hotel in New York - for views I preferred the New York Palace - but for luxury this is beautifulThe staff were without exception fantastic - we had a breakfast package included over the Xmas period and it was a fabulous breakfast serve in fives - fantastic food and serviceWe experience the bars and bar food and all were very very goodThe concierge were excellent and friendly too - the pool spa were very nice and although the spa hadnt opened which was a disappointment, the new pool as open which I used daily - it is fantastic - and perfectly adequate to get a good swim - beautiful cosy surroundings as well! The bar at the top of the hotel - Ning was also very very good - prices are high though and everyone expects a tip in New York which can add a lot to the price depending on how much you choose to tip - personally I dont like to feel I have to tip every tine I order a drink ... especially at the prices they charg!!Free internet access is great and the choice of bottled waters in the room and quaity toiletriesA fantastic hotel - my favourite still in New York - look forward to seeing the new spa when it finally opens which we were told is going to now be 1 Jan 2009	
Dec 6 2008	This is truly a place to SPEND loads of money - but Peninsula delivers	Just got back from an extended weekend visit at our normal New York home when visiting, more known as The Peninsula. Very cold outside, perhaps that doesn't sound entirely correct, however a double Jägers at their lovely wine bar (just when entering the hotel on the right side before reception) heated up our veins, limbs and body, the reason why I now feel like a Whopper in a broiler instead. What I am trying to get across is that this is truly a quality place to base your NYC trip from, and has been so for my family since it opened a few years ago. Last time it was truly an amazing visit as one of my son's biggest corporate profiles from Swedbank Markets shared breakfast with us this morning, a worthy getaway from the usual crowd. Among the interesting things, we even shook hands with Swedbank's new CEO Michael Wolf. The concierge is also very helpful, arranged atable at Bungalow 8 tonight for me and my friends.Warmly recommended!	
Nov 25 2008 	Luxury at a Price that Matches	This was a wonderful weekend experience that was only possible due to the special anniversary rates. The normal rate is hideously expensive, but getting the second night for $20 made it only &quot;very&quot; expensive.It was definitely worth the expense, though. Beginning with the doorman who anticipated our arrival and greeted me by name, there was a genuine welcome extended. I was traveling with my wife &amp; daughter, the latter enjoying a birthday shopping trip to New York. The front desk had upgraded us to a Junior Suite to make room for three, and when we got to the room, we found another treat. They had placed a bottle of champaigne and a personalized birthday cake for my daughter in the room!Throughout our stay the concierge helped with museum tickets, dinner advice/reservations and shopping guidance. We were treated like &quot;VIP's&quot; ... not at all like a family who could only afford to stay there on a special deal.  The Gotham Lounge in the lobby was a very nice place to relax over drinks or coffee. They also served 'high tea' which looked good, though we did not partake. There was also a penthouse bar, but that was the only negative about the whole stay. It was tawdry and &quot;cheap&quot; looking ... the decor lacked only a dancing pole to achieve the effect they appeared to be striving for. Fortunately, it is easy to avoid.	
Nov 11 2008	Top marks from us (almost)	Firstly I would have given this a Trip advisor &quot;excelent&quot; rating because it deserves it, but for one major flaw which I will speak about in a moment.The rooms are beautifull,they are big [we had a grande luxe] and we had a view out over 55th and partially 5th avenue.The servicing of the room each morning was attentive as was the turn down service.Coming back late to a dimmed light and soothing music with the room made over again complete with you clothes tidied/folded is the treat you expect in a hotel like this and it was done well.We had breakfast in fives each morning and I have to say,it was a 100% pleasant experience.No delays and for example an omlette cooked to a level of perfection that melts in your mouth! Yum!The roof top bar is very nice.It's outside terrace was still in use with the early november temperatures being so mild.It tends to be busy which is always a good sign.The new pool and fitness centre are also a big plus.Getting now to the major flaw during our stay and it's a big one in my opinion at a property of this stature.We found the concierge service to be very patchy.The first time I contacted them by phone from the room,I was told they would be there in 5 minutes [albeit at 730am].The next time I rang an hour later,I was put on hold for 10 minutes..before having to hang up-that was dreadfull!So then to the desk in person...We were greeted by a surly tired going through the motions representative.It was disappointing.Later in the stay,we asked for a comment on a specefic restaurant and were advised that we would need a months advance reservation.. [At most high end hotels I stay at I ask the concierge to do these kind of bookings because I expect them to be recognised at the restaurant rather than us trying on our own].We walked down to try ourselves anyway and were accomadated.So there you have it,I'm giving the pen NY's concierge team a C minus..but to be fair to the hotel as a whole this was an exception.It is however a serious flaw from our experience.Moving on...Afternoon Tea in the Gotham lounge is to be highly recommended-excelent service and a very friendly host.Another great plus with the Pen [Though I haven't reviewed it here due to time considerations,we loved also the Pen in Chicago!] is the free wifi and the complimentary business centre pc's with internet.Other high end hotels take note-there are ways to police over use/hogging of the business centre besides charging the earth for it.Othe hotels also take note that complimentary wifi at the type of prices charged at luxury hotels is to be expected!!All things considered then, staying at the Pen was a good experience and to be recommended.	
Nov 11 2008 	Useless luxury	I was sent to the Peninsula on a work trip. Although this hotel exudes luxury and is quite comfortable, I would not stay here again when in New York for business. This hotel is just not practical! There may be tons of fruit, chocolate and magazines hanging about the room but you have to fight to find a plug for your laptop (so don’t think you can plug in your cell at the same time!), not to mention fight through all the freebies to get some space to put your stuff down. I couldn’t manage to get a network for my cell or for my internet connection either. So don’t stay here for work, unless, of course you don’t have to do actual work in your room and you want to send a clear message of how your business is going to impress. Oh, the toiletries are nice.	
Nov 9 2008	Truly fabulous!	If I could close my eyes and forget about the prices I would stay here every time I come to NYC! Expensive but really, really lovely.We had a room facing 55th street - huge space with 2 queen beds, sofa, desk lots of extra room, plenty of storage space and a bathroom with separate tub/shower.The pool/workout area had just been refurbished and are gorgeous. It was a treat using the treadmill looking out at the NYC skyline. The pool wold be nice too but it is really small - hard to imagine actually getting a reasonable swim in - better for kids I think.We had drinks on the rooftop bar one night which was fabulous. Another evening there appeared to be a doorman/line type of thing but the night we went there was plenty of space at the bar and outside.5's was great for Sunday brunch - nice, varied menu. The only exception to the lovely stay was the service at the nail salon in the hotel - not as classy as you would expect. I would recommend going out to one of the gazillion korean salons just a block or two away.	
Sep 27 2008 	Asian-level hospitality in the U.S.	This is an exceptional property. Rooms are of a generous size and service is exceptional. The attention to detail at the property is in line with Asian standards -- i.e., excellent. Great to see that the Peninsula has done a good job of bringing their Hong Kong culture to New York.	
Sep 27 2008	Visit the Rooftop Bar!	We didn't sleep at the Peninsula - but we did have a drink (cosmopolitan and beer) at the rooftop bar (Salon de Ning). Yes it's pricey, but the view is incredible!!! We had such a great time having a drink here and the staff was very friendly.	
Sep 8 2008 	Best hotel ever!	My husband and i stayed in the Peninsula for 4 nights to celebrate his 30th birthday. I am very fussy and i can safely say there was NOTHING at all i could fault. Service is the best i have ever experienced from front desk, to conceirge, to waiting staff. Everyone went out of their way to make this stay a special one. Location is brilliant and rooms and bathrooms spotless, when we got held up on check out it was no issue and when our flight was delayed the driver waited on us coming out of the airport. FANTASTIC - book now!!!!	
Aug 7 2008 	wonderful service at the Peninsula	We stayed at the Peninsula for three nights over a July weekend in a grand luxe room overlooking 5th Avenue. The room was elegant and large enough with an extremely comfortable bed and a large bathroom with separate toilet and shower cubicle. What stands out however was the impeccable service fromcheck-in through to the superb concierges. I should also mention the unobtrusively good waiting staff at breakfast and at afternoon tea( which is a delightful way to escape from the hubbub of the City) . After one breakfast the staff knew us and remembered how we liked our coffee and which juice we had chosen the day before. Also when I had a minor coughing fit one morning the waiter glided quietly over and put a glass of water in front of me then glided quietly away. the rooftop bar Salon de Ning is an absolute must for a night cap - it is just what a English person thinks a New York nightspot should be.we stayed on an exceptionally hot and sticky weekend and were very pleased to comeback each day to the calm and quiet luxury of the Peninsula.	
Jul 29 2008 	Sheer Bliss at the Peninsula	My Wife and I travelled from Edinburgh, Scotland to NYC for 5 days Birthday celebrations and to see the George Michael Concert at the Garden and did a lot of research on where to stay (including through Tripadvisor). We looked at St Regis, Plaza, Trump, Gansevoort, Manderin etc but liked the look and size and reviews of the Peninsula.We were not disappointed. In fact had found a heavenly oasis.The Hotel exudes a quiet understated sophistication and calm. Staff are there for you if you need them and very attentive, but never intrusive and always extremely polite and friendly.The room was beautiful. High ceilings and elegant layout, with lovely equipped bathroom and massive comfortable bed. Best of all the Hotel and Room were impeccably clean (I'm bit Howard Hughes about that stuff)A trip to the rooftop bar was great, although very busy, We knew that the Spa was closed for refurbishment, but this didn't spoil the enjoyment for us and we will have that to look forward to next time we go - we most certainly will be returning.	
Jun 25 2008 	Worth The Money!! Highly Recommended!!	I stayed at this hotel with great expectations and with flying colors, they met mine and beyond. The service was excellent, the food, for hotel food, was excellent. The hotel was spotless and luxurious. The lobby is on the small side. The staff was great, they did not overwhelm me or try too hard. They were perfect. When I arrived, they upgraded me and the room was beautifully decorated and clean. Every detail was not over-looked. I was not disappointed by this first-time stay. They really know how to take care of their guests. I always love the little things in a room. The bathtub was nice and there was a tv right in front in the wall of where you sit in the tub. If you want to stay at a place where they never say &quot;No&quot; to you, this is it. It was worth every cent and I would stay here again. The hair salon is tiny, but nice. The excercise room is well detailed and ample. The spa is excellent as well. The indoor pool was a little small. In my opinion, this is the best 5 star in New York.	
Jun 5 2008	Loved The Peninsula New York	I must say, The Peninsula New York is a perfect hotel in many ways. We stayed in a Grand Deluxe Room right on 5th ave overlooking the St Regis. The Room itself was the perfect size and the bathroom was more than generous. They had a seprate marble tub and shower however only one sink ( not ideal for couples ). The staff was top notch in every way possible. The concierge Amy and Faisal really made the trip well worth it and offered not only a classy opion yet a very honest one as well. The complimentary water bar was a nice touch as it wwas very hot and continuous bottles of Voss water kept us cool.	
Apr 23 2008	great short stay	I spent 4 nights in NYC late last month, and my first night was spent here. The remaining nights were spent at the Four Seasons, reviewed separately.I last stayed here about 20 years ago and remember the hotel being intimate and elegant. I recall my room being petite and dark, as was the bathroom, with an interior view. About 10 years ago , the hotel underwent a massive renovation with rooms reconfigured and a spa, pool and bar placed rooftop. The spa, pool and Pen Top Bar are again being renovated; this fact was made clear several times during the reservation process.My short stay was a joy. The hotel is in a historic Beaux Arts building on 5th and 55th, across the street from the equally elegant, also Beaux Arts St. Regis hotel, where I have also stayed. The Four Seasons, by contrast, is modern and grand in design. The Pen's lobby seemed unchanged from my last visit. The reception area is still intimate, the service top-notch. I arrived quite early and a room was not immediately available, but I was contacted by cell by 11:30 am when my room was ready.I requested and received a room facing 5th Ave. and thus had a lot of natural light. The room was either a Deluxe or Grand Luxe--not especially large but elegant and well-appointed furniture-wise and technologically. There was the signature Peninsula bedside phone console that controls all the lights, air temp, and everything else. I loved the outdoor temperature indicator by the door. The TV was plasma/flat with DVD player and also a gadget that accepts your digital camera memory card for viewing your photos on the big screen. Alas, I could not get this to work.While the St. Regis has thier butlers, the Pen has its distinctly uniformed pages to meet your every need. While the spal and pool are closed, there is a makeshift fitness center (2 converted hotel rooms), and there is access to a nearby health club with pool, which I did not use.The Pen has one restaurant and 2 lounges (plus the closed Pen Top), while the St. Regis has 2 restaurants (one with celebrity chef Alain Ducasse) and one lounge (King Cole Bar). Choosing between the Pen and St. Regis is a difficult choice with no clear front runner in my opinion.I have visited/stayed at 3 other Peninsulas--Hong Kong, Beverly Hills and Chicago. All are elegant with exemplary service, with HK and Chicago being grand, and BH and NY much more intimate. I would not hesitate to stay here again, expecially once the roof-top facilities reopen.	
Apr 15 2008 	Exceptional Service and Luxury Accomodations	I took my daughter to New York for the first time over March Break and the Peninsula Hotel could not have been more perfect. We were greeted by highly professional and friendly staff at the front desk, the concierge (special thanks to Angela) treated us with great care and made the perfect recommendations to suit our needs (mom and 13 year old daughter), and the room was luxurious, comfortable, and wonderfully serviced including consistent delivery of the New York Times. I have been to NYC many times, and this was definitely the best experience I've had thanks to the staff at the Peninsula. What a difference exceptional service makes!	
Feb 10 2008 	Great hotel great service	I stayed for two nights at this hotel and I think it ranks in my top five of all the hotels I have visited. The checkin was was great and I received a bottle of wine and a cheese tray shortly thereafter. The room and bathroom were both beautiful and spacious. I loved the control center by the bed for everything in the room. The staff were all very helpful and courteous. I was staying here for business but would love to return just for the pleasure of staying in this hotel....I think you have guessed by now I LOVED this place. The Gotham Bar was a fun spot for drinks with that old New York feeling. I look forward to my next visit !	
Jan 13 2008 	disappointment	Just returned from a 3 night stay with my family at Peninsula New York. Very disappointing. The pool and spa are closed until October. We were not told at reservation. They could send you some blocks away to a generic health club. The lobby and the room were very un-spectacular. There was really nothing noteworthy about this hotel. The (extremely small) lobby bars were always full. Truly nothing special about the rooms or lobby. You walk in are faced with 3 stairways that don't really go anywhere. There were some problems too. The room (a deluxe king) was quite small and had poor ventilation. The room was hot (in January in NYC) with the AC on max and the window open. And finally, when I went put on a kids DVD for my 5 year old, there was XXX Porn in the player. Not really the kind of stuff 5 star, $800/night hotels should offer. There are many better choices within blocks of this hotel, especially considering the $$$.	
Jan 13 2008 	Beautiful hotel not quite up to par	The Peninsula is a beautiful hotel in a great location. However, it feels just like a hotel. When we pay this much I expect to really feel special. We had a 2 bedroom suite with a living room. We could not get the electronics to work in the living room. My husband is in the electronics industry and could not get it to work. It took someone about 45 minutes to come help us and he has problems as well. Once he got it working he recommeded that we not turn it off, but just turn down the volume when not using. However, housekeeping did and we had to go through the entire thing again the next day. This time my husband helped the staff member set the equipment up correctly so that it would work right! We should have received a discount on our stay!The Spa is very nice, however it does not go above and beyond. It wasn't quite what you would expect for a Spa at the Peninsula. I thought my massage therapist was just average. My facial was above average. It seems that the spa/workout facility allows NYC residents to join and the staff treated them better and I felt like an intruder at their gym.The Pen-Top bar is definitely a hot spot in NYC and is a stop for business people for happy hour. This was huge perk since we were traveling with another young couple for a fun getaway trip. It was fun to be able to go up and get a drink in such a happening setting. The host was wonderful and remembered us each time we went (every night!).I found the rest of the staff below average for this type of hotel. My spa treatments were included on our package and were on the bill. Our breakfasts were included on our package and were on the bill. It took over a hour to try to fix the bill and I don't think it was ever correct. However, we were going to miss our flight if we didn't leave so I just gave up. I tried to review it once home, however could not figure out their coding, etc. I have never had this be a problem at this caliber of a hotel. Another couple had problems on their bill as well when I was checking out. They seemed to have a lot of problems with their entire visit and were very unhappy. We decided to stay at the Ritz Central Park on our next trip and was much more pleased.	
Jan 1 2008 	Pretty much perfect	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Peninsula in New York. This was our second stay at the hotel, and ironically we were in the same room on the 9th floor. I guess this happened because they have a limited number of rooms with 2 beds and room for a roll-away.My impressions. The location is absolutely incredible if you want to be able to explore 5th Ave. without having to hike a half mile just to get there. Only the St. Regis across the street has a comparable location. It's also close enough to the theaters in Broadway to walk comfortably. Rooms are quite large, are very quiet and have very nice bathrooms. Our room faced the church across 55th Street and unfortunately this was not a particularly memorable view. Not terrible, but not great. Service is excellent. There was some confusion over a special bed-making request - blankets instead of the duvet. It took them 3 nights to get it right, which was a little irritating. We only ate breakfast at the Peninsula, but that was a highlight of each day. Sitting next to the window looking down on 5th Ave. is pretty memorable. It is expensive - $950 per night for the room, and about $40 a person for breakfast! But what are you going to do? If I can afford it I would love to go back to this super hotel.	
Dec 17 2007 	Up the par?	Let's start with the good:Service was good. Staff was well professionally trained. Location was certainly the super plus. Decor was good, not awfully special. Complimentary bottle water provided in the room was great.My biggest issue is:They didn't have humidity control in their rooms. Both of us were having the itchiest skin throughout he night. It was too dry in there. And our sinuses were stuffed up, throats were itchy. Not good! We stayed in Four Season and Mandarin Oriental respectively at the same time in the past 2 years and never had the same problem! That alone made us not want to go back to this hotel ever again.They had a few speakers in the room, but the music was very distorted while playing through the speakers. It was a shame because we did like their radio.	
Dec 7 2007 	Perfect location perfect room great staff	Perfectly located with great views, it is the best experience in NY (Have tried 20 hotels).The reception staff is efficient, personal and friendly. The room was perfect, nicely decorated, perfect temperature, perfect bathroom, perfect room service, charming atmosphere.	
Sep 13 2007 	Perfectly good but not enough to merit the money	The Peninsula is a very good hotel: it's very plush (if a little characterless, in my view); breakfast was very good indeed; the gym and swimming-pool are excellent; the staff are plentiful and charming. But for this money it needs to be off-the-scale great, and I really don't think it is that.I was travelling on a client's corporate package, and was paying $700+ a night, which I guess is towards the cheaper end of things at the Peninsula, but even so I would expect a room from which I can see daylight. My balcony gave onto the brick-faced light-well, with 15 floors above me, and I existed in an all-day grey gloom: it was like living in the video-game Silent Hill. The room decor is fine, and comfortable, but pretty uninspired and certainly not distinctive in any way: I could have been in a Marriott in any town or state. And surely for $700, I could get bath-salts included in the room-price, rather than having to pay $10 from the mini-bar for them?As I mentioned, there are plenty of good points, and in fact the moment I stepped out of my room I started to understand how I could be paying so much. But for me, the room is at the heart of a hotel experience, and this didn't quite cut the mustard. It's good but for this money good is not quite enough. From all that I had heard, I was hoping for somewhere memorable, a place that might become 'my' hotel when I was in New York, and the Peninsula is not that hotel.	
Sep 3 2007 	Pensinsula = Perfect	Recently booked a Grande Deluxe Room at the Peninsula Hotel in New York. Check in was easy and quick , room absolutely perfect and very comfortable with a nice wiew of the 5th Avenue. Great bedroom with some nice touches as w-lan working perfectly. Very Nice bathroom . I had breakfast at the hotel as it was in the package and it was outstanding . I'm a great fan of the Peninsula hotel chain and I really love their service and quality of accomodation. So , another perfect stay at the Peninsula Hotel New York my favorite hotel in the Big Apple	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Bathrooms Great Location	We had a really lovely stay at the Peninsula in a Grand Deluxe room. We had a king bed, a nice writing desk, a chaise and a huge and beautiful bathroom. Our bathroom had a TV mounted above the deep soaking tub, and we could control the radio from the tub as well, which was fun. The hotel also brought up little treats each night - the first night we received a bottle of wine, the second night we got a tower of chocolate, and the third night we had a lovely tray of pastries. I'm not sure if these are for all guests or because we are Andrew Harper members, however. We also loved the breakfast - poached eggs with truffled hollandaise atop potatoes and lobster is hard to beat - but thank goodness it was included in the room rate! $12 for a bran muffin seems a bit much. Overall a delightful and relaxing stay.	
Aug 8 2007 	Perfect For New York	We stayed at the Peninsula for 4 nights at the end of July, on the way back to the UK after two weeks on the west coast. Everyone has a different opinion about New York and its hotels. Advice from friends didn’t help and even trip advisor is so contradictory, 1* to 5* in consecutive reviews! We decided that we wanted a hotel with a pool and near Central Park. LHW couldn’t fit the spec so we decided on the Peninsula because we love their sister hotels in Manila and Hong Kong, which are seriously good!We booked into a Grande Deluxe Room at $625 via the Hotel website; we asked for a high floor in the hope of escaping traffic noise and where delighted to get room 2015, on the top floor. We never heard a sound. It was located on a corner, looking west down 55th Street towards the Hudson River and north with views of 5th Avenue and “a” Trump Tower (there are so many!) Check in was easy, the only hotel in 5 on our holiday where we were escorted to our room by a delightful receptionist (called Wing) who explained how to work all the gadgets from their fancy centre console. The room was very nice, and demonstrated how older hotels can be fully modernised to 21st Century standard with climate controls, flat panel TVs and free Wifi access in all the rooms. It was a good size and we fitted an extra bed for our daughter in without compromising the space. The extra bed was a “proper” one and not a foldaway or camp style bed! The bathroom was nice with views toward the Hudson and had a large sink area with separate bath, shower (with seat) and loo. Apparently the hotel started life around the turn of the century as the Gotham and the lobby and bars keep the Edwardian look and feel.The Spa and Pool are on floors 21 to 23 and have been added onto the top of the original hotel. The pool offered excellent views around New York and was very child friendly with lots of attentive staff and complimentary tea, coffee and water. The changing rooms offer every available toiletry and hair accessory in a well staffed spa area, even down to sliced cucumber for your eyes! The hotel has 3 bars and one restaurant. We found the roof top bar very busy with “business people” on our only visit so we stayed downstairs for the rest of the time. We ate in “Fives”, their restaurant, on our first night ~ it was OK but lacked atmosphere and was almost empty then and on every other occasion we ever saw it. The adjoining Fives Bar overlooks 5th Avenue (hence the name!) and is very modern in style. You can eat there but it wasn’t overly comfortable. Our preference was for the Gotham Bar. It was more lounge style and you could get good snacks in it. It was never empty but equally never too crowded. Away from the hotel we found a really good Italian restaurant just opposite the hotel on 55th Street called Il Corso, which was recommended by the ever so helpful concierge. It is only small but has tremendous character, good food and feels very “New York”. I was waiting for the Godfather to walk in at any moment (actually I’m not sure he wasn’t already sitting at the table next to us!) We also ate at Del Frisco’s Steak House on 6th Avenue but were not very impressed. It was big, modern, noisy, expensive and the steaks lacked flavour. On advice we didn’t go up the Empire State building but went to the Top of the Rock on the nearby Rockefeller Building. It was great, only 10 minutes walk from the Hotel, no queues and had a view of the Empire State Building (!) among others and you could stay as long as you like. We heard from others that the Empire State Building got very busy, and you were given a limited time. Another point is if you are up the Empire State Building, you can’t see the Empire State Building!!! There is an excellent &quot;French style&quot; restaurant on the edge of the square at the bottom called Brasserie Ruhlmann. The special Lobster bisque and seared tuna were superb. The concierge was pushing “Circle Line” boat trips to visit the Statue of Liberty but we ended up getting a $20 cab the end of Manhattan Island where could walk past the Twin Towers site and then down to Battery Park. We took a Yellow Taxi boat that went around the end of Manhattan and the back up past Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty and Brooklyn Bridge, stopping for photo opportunities! It cost around $15 each and you could get off at the Brooklyn bridge area, as we did, where there is a shopping area and some other sightseeing opportunities. We also took the horse and Buggy round Central Park which is both traditional and a good way to see it, especially if you are pushed for time.If you are going to New York, particularly with children, then we would recommend the Peninsula. It is in a good location, a fine mix of traditional and modern and with nice, friendly and attentive staff.	
Jul 31 2007 	Absolutely fantastic!	My husband booked a three night stay in New York as a surprise for our 1st wedding anniversary. We stayed at the Peninsula and we were both impressed throughout the whole of our stay. The reception staff were genuinely warm and welcoming, going out of their way to help us and to make our stay as comfortable as possible. The room was a good size with a beautiful bathroom, towels were changed regularly and robes provided. The toiletries were of a high standard and they were generously provided. Everything in the hotel is beautifully presented with lovely flower arrangements in the entrance and lobby. We didn't eat in the hotel (there are numerous diners in the area to get a cheap and filling breakfast) but we did make use of the gym and pool area. Again, the staff in here are friendly and helpful and they have thought of absolutely everything. They provide gym kit (apart from shoes), toiletries, toothbrushes, etc. This area is perfectly adequate however we overheard someone saying that the spa/gym is about to under go a $12 million refurb in the next few months.All in all I couldn't fault this gorgeous hotel, well worth a visit!	
Jun 28 2007 	Perfect Hotel in Every Way	We stayed at the Peninsula for 5 nights in June. I took my 15 yr old daughter. I was a little reluctant because there were so few reviews and not all were great. I was trying to decide between the Trump and the Peninsula. I chose the Peninsula for the old world charm. I'm so glad I did. There was no comparison.It was truly one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. Everything was perfect. The room was huge. We had a deluxe room on the 20th floor over looking a church. I entered the room, into a large dressing room/entry. Past this room was the bedroom--also huge. To the right of the entry was a beautiful bathroom, flat screen TV over the tub and far enough away from the bedroom that you never knew if the other person was even in it. In most hotel rooms the bathroom is so close to the bedroom,The service was excellent. Anything I asked for I had within 5 minutes, regardless of the time of day or night. On the wall, by the door, the outside temp and humidity is displayed. One person on tripadvisor complained about setting the temp in the room. The control is on the phone and does not display a number. I'm not sure why this would be an issue. I often have trouble getting a hotel room cool enough at night and had no trouble here.We met friends in the lovely lobby--there are several. We had drinks on the spectacular roof top bar. You could see up and down 5th Avenue. The locatin was incredible. Everything was close. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. Even my 15 yr old daughter was in awe and she's been to some pretty amazing places all over the world. We left for the Hay Adams in Washington DC and were very disappointed after staying at the Peninsula--even with the White House view! I can't wait to return and would never stay anywhere else.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Experience	After staying at the Peninsula Chicago, we had high expectations for this property. While the NYC Peninsula does not deliver the same level of luxury as its counterpart in Chicago, we enjoyed our stay. We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel and found the service, food quality and presentation to be excellent. Our room was a comfortable size and the beds and fine linens made for a very restful sleep. We agree with some of the other reviewers who complained about lack of dual sinks, worn carpeting, etc. However, we are willing to overlook these issues and recommend this hotel because of its great location, comfortable rooms, delicious food, and the fabulous service provided to us during our stay.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great stay 4 stars a little missing	Booked a Grand Deluxe room for our 10th anniversary. The stay was very good, just not excellent. We paid $760, taxes extra.The room was quite nice, facing Fifth Avenue. Outfitted well and the bathroom was great. Overall the rooms are smaller than the Four Seasons. This was my first Peninsula NY stay, and I was recommended by a friend of mine who is a regular visitor.Things I liked:* Prompt, courteous staff* Aim to please; will rectify issues quickly* Great central locationThings I didn't like:* Temperature in the room (controlled by a unit near the phone), does not display the actual temperature. All you control is the unit speed, and the temperature UP or DOWN. You never know what it's set to, or what is the current temperature.* Part of my package included a free paper - I requested NY Times at check in. It was not there the next morning - I had to call for it.* At check in I was asked what time we'd check out (late check out was part of our package), so Housekeeping wouldn't disturb us. I indicated 1pm, but housekeeping still showed up at 9am the next day!! Why ask, if you're not going to communicate this info?* The forgot an Orange juice on a room service order* The package included pressing of two garments. I had a shirt pressed for dinner, and the next morning at check out, they tried charging me $12 for it. After I pointed it out, they removed it.All in all, it was a very good stay - because of the above issues, I would give it 4 stars. I still think the hotel, albeit a little cheaper than the Four Seasons, has a little of bit of work to do to catch up....I've stayed at the Four Seasons in NY, and that was a five out ot five stars!!	
Feb 5 2007	Still one of the best IN NYC	As a regular vistor to NYC and the Peninsula, I cannot recomend this hotel highly enough, everytime we stay here we love it. From check in until departure the service was fantastic. Consierge booked the evening restaurants and even sorted out cinema tickets for us. The location of the hotel is ideal right in the heart of the city. Well worth staying here or even a visit when walking by.	
Jan 14 2007 	Not very family friendly	We stayed just after Christmas in this hotel. We were travelling with well behaved small children .Chose the hotel due to location on 5th Ave and because of the indoor pool. The pool was a disappointment. Childrens times to swim are very restricted and even during these times children - even quiet ones, are not popular with other guests or health club members..Location is just great - great shopping. Hotel is very expensive. Children were charged at breakfast on the same basis as an adult, and our breakfast was $140 for 2 adults and 2 children. under 8Concierge recommended restaurants that were not great so ask around. Have also stayed at the New York Palace hotel which is close by and also rated as 5 star, and this represents better value for money than the Peninsula.This hotel is probably suited to older travellers who never look at the bill. Great views of 5th Ave from the pool and bar. Nice bar and restaurant staff and helpful doormen. Hotel was clean and well maintained.	
Jan 1 2007 	Classy Peninsula	We have just returned to London with our 4 children after a wonderful stay at the Peninsula during Christmas. The Concierges were informative and very helpful. The rooms were excellent and housekeeping 5*. The hotel is in the BEST location for shopping and restaurants.	
Dec 8 2006 	Just okay - which is not good enough	The Peninsula has really got a fantastic location....it's too bad that nothing else does it justice.Our check in was efficient. Our &quot;junior suite&quot;, was no more than a bit bigger room with a couch, thankfully on a high floor with a great view down 5th Avenue. Other than that, the room was non discript, boring, and feeling tired.....so much so that I questioned walking barefoot on the carpet. The bathroom was a great size, but considering the space it should have had two sinks...At the price tag that this room came with - I expected to feel luxury - and it wasn't even close. The staff were fine, although very impersonal that bordered on rudeness. So much so, that coming in at night I was demanded to show ID....I had already been at the hotel for 3 days! There was no &quot;Hello Mrs .....&quot;, or &quot;Welcome back....&quot;. Housekeeping was inconsistant, failing to replace amenities and leaving used glassware.The concierge service was very good. They did get great theater seats, and hard to come by restaurant reservations (we did give them a months notice).The Peninsula is just not very special. I would rather walk further than stay there again.	
Dec 1 2006 	Overrated overpriced and bad management	We stayed at the Peninsula through a corporate rate that allowed us to get free daily breakfasts and one free dinner during our three day stay. Only after we checked out did we notice that we were charged for the dinner. When we called the management to complain - we got the run-around but were promised the credit. It's now been three weeks and two phone calls later and still no credit and no return call. In addition we were given a horrible extremely tiny, dark old-looking room upon check in on day one. For $750/ night and through our corporate rate, we were shocked! While we were moved into a suite after making a complaint, they whole thing was just a supreme hassle. We could have stayed at the Mandarin, had a spacious and completely new room with an excellent city view for the same price. Don't waste your time or money - go to the Mandarin - much better service, better rooms, no hassle. The location of the Peninsula - one of its only pluses - does not make up for everything else.	
Sep 8 2006 	Relaxing Luxury	Excellent service, large luxurious rooms with great lighting, and several kinds of complimentary bottles of drinking water daily. The gym's amenities and service were exceptional providing clothing, head phones, towels, and attendants readily giving you water, cold towels, and assistance; the cost for all of this is all included in the price of the room.	
Aug 30 2006	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Everything!	I loved Peninsula NYC. It truly felt like the hotel where everyone knows your name. The service from the staff was exemplary. They all went out of their way to be helpful and didn’t give off the ‘I’m getting paid to do this’ vibe you sometimes get. The bathroom was lovely…I loved the separate shower room. Everything was immaculate, the way I like it. They provided complimentary fruit and water - still and sparkling!I agree with one reviewer that the room and leisure facilities are not exactly modern and the best around but they have made the most of what is there. In fact, you only need to turn up to the gym with your trainers, everything else can be provided. In more ways than one, they’ve so obviously tried to anticipate a customer’s every need. I’ve never written a hotel review before but Peninsula NYC deserves one from me. I’ll definitely stay there again. Bravo for a job well done. If catering to the needs of customers is an art form, you’ve definitely perfected it! Ifeoma, London.	
Jul 7 2006	Perfection	We had a perfect experience at the Peninsula. Our room was lovely with fruit provided every day, and a half dozen roses were changed three times in our 4 day stay. A selection of bottled water was complimentary, and was stocked each day. The bed was comfortable with sheets with a silky feel. Towels were large, absorbant and plentiful. Turn down service was provided each evening when we were out, and the ice bucket was filled. We had only pleasant experiences with the staff. The lobby bar is comfortable, though pricey. However, we expect to pay more when we are on 5th Ave. We did not eat any meals in the hotel.	
May 30 2006	The Peninsula NY - Perfection	My sister, my niece and myself stayed at The Peninsula last year. I love NY! I have visited 5 times. Each time I stay at a different hotel. The Peninsula sets the standard for 5 star hotels. Every aspect of the hotel was excellent. The roses on our breakfast tray. The friendly and professional staff. The location. The food. The price: worth every penny!	
May 23 2006	Overrated!	I found this hotel to be average in comparison to other hotels in NYC for the price. We paid 600+ per night and stayed in a premiere room that was really pretty average. The room overlooked 5th Ave., but you could see very little. The bathroom was spectacular as you can watch TV from the bathtub and control all of the features of the bathroom from controls adjacent to the tub.The room itself was average and seemed a bit worn. The TV controls were ancient and I got up more than once to change channels. The hotel gym is on the 23rd floor with great views but the facility was not very nice. The cardio area is huge but the free weight area needs imrprovements. The lobby is really a disaster as you need to go up 3 sets of steps to reach reception and the elevators. Overall, I will never stay at this property again, for the money your better off at the Palace or Four Seasons.	
May 2 2006 	So glad to be back	I noticed some mixed reviews of late for this hotel, but stayed loyal nevertheless.I am so glad that I did. Stepping into the Peninsula NY is always a relief. Such calm, efffeciency, beauty and facilities.The Pen Top bar, the 20,000 sq ft gym, spa, pool, and superb changing rooms.I had room service and it was opulant, on time, great steak. My room, the cheapest class, was excellent (I have stayed in a junior suite before, but was on my own this time so went smaller).The sun terrace with spectacular views. What I can I say, I truely love this hotel, I even perfer it to the Peninsula in Hong Kong (Kowloon).It is expensive, but hey! You are on 55th and 5th in NYC, you are in a superb and very special place.	
Apr 4 2006	overpriced	Our &quot;GRAND DELUXE&quot; room at $795 (before tax etc.) (did NOT include continental breakfast) was small, king bed, desk, armoire with tv - very standard decor - and it was COZY in there! The bathroom was HUGE, but the BATH AMENITIES were extra - there was a bath MENU with prices! The Peninsula is a lovely hotel with a great location. The pool is beautiful. Fives Restaurant is acceptable for hotel dining, the lobby bar is quite nice, the Pen Top bar has a great view. But I prefer St. Regis right across the street for the same money and breakfast included ...or the Lowell or Plaza Athenee for less.	
Feb 28 2006	Nice and Serene Hotel in New York	Just got back from a perfect birthday weekend! Me and my son went to the Peninsula for his birthday and we chose the right hotel.Right when we enetered we were welcomed back as returning guests by our last name which was a very nice feeling. When checking in they realized that the reason we were staying was for my son's birthday so they upgraded us for no extra charge to a bigger room.Boy was this a treat we had a corner suite with 2 flat screen TV's, one in the room and one in the bathroom. (so nice) The ceiling must of been 16 feet high and I felt like I was staying in a penthouse apartment! It is such a great hotel and about 8:30 at night they delievered a birthday cake for my son which was amazing and so generous of them. I can not picture staying at any other hotel. The small lobby is just perfect and quiet and you will never know you are in New York City. If you haven't seen this hotel I advise you to do so because you are missing out.	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent hotel fabulous service !	We had an excellent weekend at The Penninsula. The room was comfortable and well appointed, staff were very professional and friendly. The food was very good especially the &quot; afternoon tea &quot; in the Gotham Bar. Housekeeping was very nice and all of the maids were really professional and super-fast while making up the rooms. The door people are the best and made us feel welcome at the hotel. The spa is really nice with lots of machines and a nice pool. I will absolutely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to New York for either business or pleasure.	
Jan 2 2006	Good But Expensive	I have to say the hotel was lovely and the service was excellent at all times. The roof top gym and pool is fabulous. BUT the hotel and everything in it is very very expensive. Watch out for the hefty room tax and also check bill thoroughly; I had a few random items added to my bill which were not mine (corrected immediately on request).Concierge service let itself down a bit by not answering my enquiries prior to my arrival about New Years Eve events.	
Jan 1 2006	Not up to Par	Checked into the Peninsula New York for five nights over Thanksgiving. While i had read the reviews of snobby behavior of the staff, i experienced quite the opposite. Front Desk was always quite attentive always saying hello as we passed by. Concierge could not have been more helpful. I do see however, how some people could have seen how the staff acted snobby. It does seem that if one weren't dressed a certain way, one would definitely be treated differently. The only thing snobby one bit was the concierge always saying, &quot;the best as usual Mr. XXXXX?&quot; Upon arrival in the room, came to find a small cake perfected with berries, in celebration of my son's birthday. I do have to say that the staff was always so courteous, mainly because they usually had done something wrong or something was not working. The list of the things that did not work or were wrong: the birthday cake ordered weeks in advance, that had been confirmed, for my son's birthday was not what we had specified and confirmed numerous times, in an attempt to have that not happen, the stopper in the bathtub did not work after we had added the expensive bath salts, and the big kicker, the HEATER DID NOT WORK. I mean the temperature outside was really cold, as one would expect in NYC in the winter, and to have the heater not work was a real pain. The food was absolutely amazing. Room service was especially accomodating when we ordered dinner from the normal dinner menu instead of the all day dining, even though it was passed the cutoff time. The one good thing about it was its convenient location when it came to shopping. It is right at the corner of 56th and 5th Avenue. Would i stay there again? Probably not. Especially once the Plaza is done being remodeled.	
Nov 30 2005	Erratic; but overall very positive	As a native New Yorker returning now as a visitor, I am well-acquainted with the city's hotels. Apart from a traumatic arrival, when my room requests were not only ignored but rudely dismissed by the `Welcoming' receptionist (and this after a 10 1/2 hour air trip there), we found the hotel staff could not really do enough for us. Beware though that the difference between a Standard and Deluxe Room is unacceptable in a hotel of this supposed ranking. The `Standard Room' is of a far lower quality than the deluxe rooms...tiny bathrooms and dull, generic decor. It's better to opt for a higher class room here; or else stay at a cheaper hotel. No bargains here at all. The lobby is lovely, a far cry from the usual impersonal New York entrances. The restaurant is excellent, if expensive; and for reasons unknown for New York, is closed on Mondays...and this during Thanksgiving week, one of the city's busiest times. Beware however the outrageous room-service breakfast prices...$90.00 for a breakfast for two consisting of juice, cold cereal and coffee!!! Their pool and spa ranks among New York's best. The mid-town location is perfect; around the corner from many of the city's best restaurants and shopping. All in all, I'd return there again.	
Nov 29 2005	Snobs all around not a fully luxury destination	We had a suite connected to a second room (two adults, a baby and a mother in law), costing $1,350 a night. While the room, location and room service staff were fabulous, everyone else was a snob. We stay at Four Seasons and Ritz -- and I've never seen such jerks. Even though we were paying over 1k per night, they acted as if we didn't belong. Weird... Actually, to be honest, the room wasn't very clean upon check in. They also forgot turn down service twice. A slipping luxury brand....	
Oct 19 2005	Stay away from this hotel - the maidssteal!!!!	My Husband and I checked into this hotel for a 5 night stay in New York. Upon check-in we felt a thick fog of SNOB all around. There is NOT a single smiling face around. The conceirge was even rude and acted like making a dinner reservation was TOOOO much. There was no politeness or friendliness from a single employee. The worst part of the trip was having money stolen from my purse, exactly $80. I had accidently left a few hundred dollars in the zipper compartment of my purse. I had switched purses when leaving and fogot that I left some cash in my other purse. Upon arrival to my room I found exactly $80 missing. I am positive this money was not somehow misplaced beacuse I had not spent any cash yet and had counted exactly how much I had earlier the same day. When we filed a complaint with the hotel management they told us to go and file a report with NYPD about the missing cash! We were not going to waste our vacation time filing a report with NYPD when it is the responsibilty of the hotel to investigate and question its employees. We did not so much as even get an apology or a meeting with the hotel manager regarding this incident. To be honest, I felt more angry and violated that someone had went through my purse than I cared for the $80. I expected A LOT more from a supposed five star hotel that I was paying $660 a night for. We checked out after the second night and stayed at The Palace on 51st and Madison. What a world of a difference!!!! The Palace New York is a real luxury hotel and we will never stay anywhere else in New York.	
Aug 22 2005 	Great for the children	We went to The Penisula this August with children aged 5 and 8, the food was great for them (especially the cookies that arrived every evening), the pool was a fabulous place for them to escape the high temperatures and we as parents felt we were well provided for too. The bathroom was brilliant, a television in the bathroom was a great gimmick for the children and the cleanliness of the room was second to none. We also loved the fact that we were given complimentary mineral water which was needed in the 90+ heat. We did however have a couple of criticisms, one being that the restaurant closed for every evening in August and the other being that the concierge did not always have the correct times of ferries etc, other than these points we were thrilled and would definately go back again.	
Aug 16 2005	wedding heaven	we had our wedding at the penninsula and stayed 3 nights. the room was excellent, the bathroom was huge and with walk in shower and toliet and marble bath with tv. i felt the check in staff was great, we even got a tour around our room by check in so we understood where everything was. the bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in and i felt the cleaning was immaculate. the only negative i can mention was staff asked my father for payment for the wedding room in font on guests rather than calling him outside in private. still my father should have arranged this before the wedding, but he was a bit flustered!we felt like royalty and the hotel was of excellent standard, i saw no bad carpets etc. room service was good and the tv with dvd and digital card reader was excellent.on our wedding night the staff had left us free chocolate dipped strawberries and even left the radio on a romantic channel..what more can you ask from a hotel?in fact we feel spoilt, no hotel will ever measure up!	
Jun 12 2005 	Expensive hotel....worth it!	The Peninsula hotel is one of my favorite hotels...infact, it probably is my favorite! The Peninsula boasts gorgeous views. It has perfect location and all the major landmarks aren't far from it. This hotel is the perfect New York hotel! All the hotel employees are very polite and will always go the extra mile to make your stay more pleasant. Though it was a little expensive I definatly recommend the Peninsula to anyone who is looking for luxury.	
May 27 2005	New Yorks finest	The perfect hotel in New York. Stayed from May 14 till May 19 and again from May 23 till May 25. What can i say, everything is done perfectly, from check-in until check out. We stayed in a number of 5 star New York hotels over the last years, and The Peninsula is the best !I see people complaining about the prices of room service. Well let me tell you, it may not be cheap but it's very good and fast. If you want cheap book an 2 star hotel next to a MacD. If you stay in 5 star you may expect the 5 star prices as well. But the hotel is so good ! I don't like staying in Hotels with a 1.000 + rooms. In the Pen they know your name, they gave me the exact room i requested. The bathrooms are to die for, very good showers and soaking tubs with TV, Beds are excelellent and general quality is outstanding. We had breakfast there every day and it was outstanding. Staff everywhere are very friendly and efficient. Very good gym, didnt use the spa. Pen Top bar is great, and for the rest.... Location, Location, Location...... You are on 5th Avenue, 2 blocks away from Central Park and shopping is at you doorstep !A good tip for people who go to NY and complain about the quality of the restaurants in hotels in general. Don't sleep in a restaurant and don't eat in a hotel. Hotels are best in providing rooms, restaurants are best in providing food. It´s NY, there are hundreds of good restaurants to go to !	
May 16 2005	A solid choice in midtown	The room was nice, the bathroom especially so. I found the service quite gracious. The free bottled water in the room was appreciated. Room service was high quality and unbelievably reasonably priced considering the class of hotel. The public spaces are a little weak, but the spa is outstanding. I'd stay again based on location, service, and spa.	
May 14 2005 	wonderful hotel	It's been 8 years since I've stayed at the Peninsula and it still looks fresh. They've done a nice job keeping the hotel looking updated. It is luxurious and contemporary, not grand old new york like the Pierre or Carlyle, but quite nice. The staff were polite and professional. The room (a superior) was small, but very nicely appointed and with a great bathroom. Best of all, it had a supremely comfortable bed and the room itself was very quiet. I didn't hear a whiff of noise from the street or any adjacent rooms. I highly recommend the Peninsula for adult business travelers or vacationers. I'm not sure I'd bring kids here, though.	
May 3 2005 	Great Hotel	I have stayed at the Peninsula in New York numerous times when I am in town on business. This is a great hotel, with great service. I have stayed at many of the other hotels in this class in New York (e.g. St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Ritz-Carlton, etc.) and by far this is my favorite. I have stayed at their other properties in Hong Kong and Chicago and they are execllent as well. It has a great location, very nice rooms, and two good bars where you can enjoy a drink in the afternoon and evening. The food is a bit expensive for what you typically are served, but there are many great restaurants in walking distance. Highly recommended.	
Apr 17 2005	Understated elegance	Having once being a regular, I hadn't stayed at The Peninsula for the last four years. Before going there I - as usually - checked the Trip Advisor and got concerned with some criticism. Even though I decided to check my old time favourite.With all due respect to the dissatisfied ones, I was very, very happy with my stay. The hotel is the best example I know for understated, low profile elegance.The room furniture was excellent, the marble bathroom a must, and the desk superb, with accessible eletric outlets, wireless internet acces and lots of space to work.The staff has always been courteous and efficient.Since nothing is this life is perfect, I wouldn't recomend the Fives Restaurant, overpriced and not worthwile. But I'll sure go back to this place, paying high, but getting the best.	
Mar 8 2005	fun for a weekend	we stayed here for a long weekend for our anniversary when the Gates first went up. The location was great for that, checking out the new Moma, shopping at Barney's and hitting a fancya restaurant (Daniel). The room was fairly large and very comforatable and we found it quiet. I would go back in a second.	
Jan 22 2005	Loved this place	Very expensive but beautiful and comfortable rooms.Location is perfect and the staff is professional, but room service is not excellent and too much expensive. I've stayed in New York many times and it's the BEST.	
Jan 6 2005	The most ordinary hotel. Save your money.	My friends, excuse the ghastly pun; the Peninsula has submerged. What once was a grand and glorious example of five-star luxury has apparently deteriorated to a point which will require a major intervention. I deliberately avoided writing anything here (I stayed nearly a year ago) out of sheer apathy...which, I'm sorry to say, reflected the apathy of the Peninsula's hospitality staff. This gleaming bastion of old-world elegance and grace on Fifth Avenue now contains an establishment trumped by dozens of three-star hotels at one fifth the cost. Between the condition of my bland room, which had a dingy, motelesque bathroom, tired, worn, perforated furnishings, and smelled faintly of mildew...and the apathetic staff...not to mention the horrible, overcooked, overpriced room service fare, this hotel made me glad to check out at the end of my two-night business stay. Out of courtesy and sheer exhaustion from travel, I did not ask to change my room as I did at the W hotel in July. &quot;But this is the Peninsula!&quot;, I kept telling myself along the way...&quot;...it has to get better!&quot;. However, optimism languished through the first night into the realm of &quot;coulda, shoulda, woulda.&quot;. What left a particularly sour taste in my mouth is that when I repeatedly made an earnest attempt to comment to the staff of my observations, i was met with blank stares and inferences that the management didn't give two toenails who complained. I tried to keep an open mind after I returned home and wrote a letter to the manager, trying not to sound like an embittered young whippersnapper, but rather an experienced traveler offering constructive criticism. I received no response...in truth, I nearly forgot the whole thing happened until I stumbled upon a copy of my letter last night. Travelers, be forewarned. For this kind of money, you are entitled to a really special New York experience, not the most ordinary hotel that has rested on its laurels to the point where it seems to get by on its name alone. Go to the Essex House where the folks love their jobs and you'll get the best sleep ever. Go to the Trump, where you'll feel like a celebrity. Go online and get a great rate at the Four Seasons, where everything is designed to pamper. Get a suite at the W Court, which feels like your own exclusive apartment in the city...all for probably less than I paid for my Peninsula debacle.	
Dec 25 2004	Very convenient and comfortable	Recently, we stayed at the NY Peninsula for a weekend. We were in a Grand Luxe room looking out on Fifth Avenue. After reading some of the reviews on this site, we were a bit concerned about the hotel. But we had an excellent time - the room was delightful - clean and comfortable with a large bathroom. The lobby was quite small but it did not bother us. The swimming pool on the top floor was very pleasant. The staff, especially the concierge, was helpful and friendly. The location was very convenient for shopping, restaurants and a trip to MOMA.	
Nov 4 2004	Shabbiest of the Peninsula Hotels	I have stayed in the other Peninsula Hotels in Hong Kong, Chicago, Beijing and Bangkok. These were amazing hotels. However there is a big difference in the quality of decor between those and the one in New York, which was not expected at all especially given that the New York one was by far the most expensive. From the lobby (old and fraying carpets, dim fluorescent lighting) to our Grand Luxe room and even Fives restaurant where we breakfasted (obviously peeling wallpaper), the overall impression was that of a fallen and shabby hotel in need of some serious refurbishment. Not impressed at all.	
Jul 6 2004	Just OK	Stayed at the Pennisula on a New Yorker's recommendation. The location is central to shopping on 5th and Madison. I was planning on staying at the Ritz or 4 Seasons, but stayed here based on a friend's recommendation.The first turnoff was the rather rude reception at check-in. She did nothing to make you feel welcomed, not even a hello or smile. At least the Ritz or 4-S's they muster up a smile and friendly hello, even if it's not sincere. The room was ok; The plasma tv was the highlight. The bathrooms were nice. Comparable to the nicier hotels I've stayed at. The cost of room service was beyond an exceptable amount, even for the high end hotels. I don't mind paying the normal overpriced room service cost at the Ritz and Four Season's, but for what I got here, it was beyond overpriced. The bed was not comfortable at all.They need to do something about their quality of beds. Unfortunately, checked out with the same rude front desk girl and pretty much decided not to come back again. For that kind of money, there are much better places in NYC to stay at. When it doubt - Ritz or Four Seasons. Should have went with my initial thoughts.	
Jun 28 2004	Peninsula with a kid	Stayed at Peninsula NY in June.Great hotel, service for kid is A1. My 5 month old son loved the Peninsula teddy bear! The pool was fun, great view. Good room service, food at Fives was above many NY restaurants. Will go back soon. Like one guest commented to our kid, the Peninsula at this age is a ''very good thing,'' we think he was right.	
Jun 16 2004	Loved it going back for my second time this weekend!	I stayed at this hotel for the first time in Jan'04. I was AMAZED by the size of the Deluxe room. Previously I had stayed at the Pierre Hotel and was a little disappointed by the room and amenities.The Peninsula room had a foyer with luggage rack and great storage space. The bathroom had double sink, marble, TV over tub (LOVE THAT), HUGE shower and separate toilet. The linens on my king sized bed were to die for. The electronic touch controls took care of everything from the lights, to the music; to the DO NOT DISTURB sign.Room service was pricey (but this is NYC) however the service was fast and the food was hot.My only minor disappointment was the lobby was small and not as grande as I was hoping upon arrival. But the front desk was accommodating and professional and friendly. The spa was OK, but I was not all too impressed. The massage therapist and esthetician were average in their skills and techniques for the prices you pay for their services.All in all, I loved the &quot;feel&quot; of this elegant and classy hotel....As I said, heading back there this very weekend!	
May 24 2004	Highly disappointed in this hotel		
May 1 2004	Well I was expecting something more special		
Apr 22 2004	Almost there		
Apr 17 2004	Quiet/Comfortable Elegance		
Mar 29 2004	Great service great bathrooms great spa		
Feb 12 2004	Rooms to snuggle up in!		
Feb 2 2004	5th Avenue Elegance		
Jan 28 2004	Room Service treats		
Dec 15 2003	Loved it!		
Nov 19 2002	Loved it!		
Oct 7 2009 	esta muy viejo		
Aug 31 2009 	Sobria eleganza		
