Nov 26 2009 	Great location; would definitely return at the right price	I stayed here in November for a quick weekend trip. I wanted to be in Chelsea because I was going to the Joyce Theatre twice during the weekend. The hotel is in a great central location in Chelsea with lots of great restaurants and the Highline a very short walk away. Yes, the rooms are very small. I have only stayed in a smaller room once (at The Paramount in mid-town). It worked for me because I was by myself and had very little luggage since it was only a two night stay. I got a really good rate on the property's own website - $139/night - and I would not hesitate to stay here again at that type of rate. I would probably not stay here at a rate higher than say $210 or so a night. (When I tried to add on the preceding Thursday night to my weekend stay, they wanted $299 for it.)I had a room on the 2nd floor on the west side of the building so I had absolutley no street noise from 8th Ave. I could hear every time someone on my corridor opened and closed their door but fortunately it was not a big problem. The lighting in the room was great. The room did have a moldy smell that I noticed as soon as I walked in - I think the bathroom shower tile was the culprit. The free wireless Internet was great but... it blocks vpn access so I ended up using my Verizon card much of the time.	
Nov 9 2009 	Smallest Hotel Room I have Ever Seen!	There is little else to say. I measured my room at 9'8&quot; by 10 ft. That's 96.5 square feet for two adults, a queen size bed, a large night stand, a desk, an armoir and 3 pieces of luggage. It was bizarre. Yes the place is clean and tidy, but the room size is so tiny, even for New York, that truth in advertising dictates that they should disclose this information clearly on the web site. It was claustrophobically suffocating and left me feeling ripped off.	
Oct 2 2009 	Not happy	we booked into the Gem for three nights but on arrival we were stunned by the size of the rooms. They were the tiniest rooms we'd encountered in NY city and for the price - AUS$330 a night including taxes we thought they were expensive. The staff were friendly enough until we said we wanted to change the booking to one night so we could find something of better value and then they were pretty cold. Overall the service was pretty average. Despite the price we couldn't make a cup of tea in the room which is annoying. The location is good however. We ended up finding a bigger place of slightly better quality in Midtown near Times Square for about $60 a night less. Overall I would not recommend this place. In fairness they were quite good about releasing us from the 48 hour cancellation fee and did not charge us for the next night which they were within their rights to do. Had the rooms been a little bigger I think we'd have been happier. Being told somewhat sarcastically by the staff, &quot;well this is New York&quot; didn't help matters and set the tone for our stay. I'd have to say we are not nomally critical and that friendly, helpful staff can make a dingy place tolerable. They failed on this front.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great hotel small booking issue	Booked through travel republic for the gem hotel soho, when we arrived there was no rooms avalible (they had over booked). So they paid for a taxi to transfer us to the Gem hotel Chelsea and said we could stay there for the whole 4 nights if we liked. We stayed the first night then the next morning they asked why we had'nt checked out, and woke us up(got to sleep at 3am after flight delays). After saying we were not going to move they organized so we could stay the whole 4 nights. So sorted in the end. All the hotel staff were pleasent and helpful with this matter. The hotel is very new with nice rooms and bathrooms. Its also in a better location than the soho one as its closer to central manhattan. The rooms are'nt as small as everyone makes out but the bed was only a standard double, Great fixtures, fittings, big tv, toiletries etc.. .Chelsea is a great area, very safe and loads of great food around. Would definitly stay here again. The photos on the hotel website are very accurate. Thanks gem for alovely stay!	
Sep 15 2009 	Great location but keep your shoes on in the room.	Great location with friendly staff. You are there to spend time in NYC, not in your room. Fine. BUT... the rooms are so incredibly tiny that the 2ft strip of 'room' around 2/3 of your bed is so heavily trodden.. that if the cleaning is not superb.. you can quickly notice the filth. Bathroom was very well cleaned, great! That is to focus your attention away from the rest of the 'room'. Bedroom was full of hairs and stuff - floatsm and jetsom so to speak - when we arrived and despite daily 'cleaning'... gunks was always there. Toilet paper of the lowest grade, had to ask for an extra roll twice in 6 days. It's not a boutique hotel.. it's a red roof or super 8 pretending to be a boutique. If you are single and staying for a jam-packed weekend of NYC fun, great hotel. If you are a couple or staying for more than 2 or 3 nights.. I'd spend a bit more and try somewhere else.	
Sep 14 2009 	I loved my stay here!	I thoroughly recommend this hotel! It is lovely and clean, with a crisp, modern ambience. While the room was compact, it fitted in everything that I needed very well and most importantly, was comfortable. The staff, especially Cesar, are efficient, knowledgeable and friendly. Only one block to the subway, it is easily accessible to other areas of Manhattan and beyond. I look forward to staying at the Gem Hotel, Chelsea, when I next return to New York.	
Aug 28 2009 	Tucked away little gem	The reception desk staff was pleasant before we arrived, during our stay and when we checked out. The &quot;large&quot; room with a queen bed was small, but the ideal size for a one night stay with my 5-year-old son.The room was minimally appointed with the right functional items - wall mounted flat screen TV perfectly positioned at the foot of the bed, iPod docking station/radio/alarm clock, and shampoo and shower gel dispensers in the shower. I liked the Gilcrest and Soames toiletries; bright white walls, furniture, linens and bathroom subway tiles; and lighting in the right places (over and next to the bed, at the desk and in the bathroom).The hotel is located on a residential street, just steps away from bustling 8th Avenue. There are many familiar shops within two blocks - Gap, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, Subway, Qdoba, Dallas BBQ, etc. And many special NYC finds - F&amp;B Gudtfood, Spice (Thai), Murray's Bagels and many, many more.Better if's:- The dark striped carpet doesn't work at all with the bright modern decor.- The room door should open toward the desk and bathroom, not the bed.- Standard check out should be at noon, at least, instead of 11:00 a.m.- The shower drainage was slow.- We really would have appreciated having Nickelodeon.I will recommend this place to my friends, and I'll definitely consider staying again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Gem was great and Cesar was awesome	I almost hate to say how great the Gem Hotel in Chelsea is because my selfish side would prefer to keep it a secret. It's a very afforadable alternative to the big chain hotels in mid town which can cost literally hundreds more.The Gem is sort of funky and artsy with small European style rooms. I'ts very clean and quiet and the staff is great. Very friendly and helpful, especially Cesar, who is very polite and helpful and can help steer you to local attractions/restaurants. Cesar also speaks Portugese and Spanish in addition to English.I really like this place and it's very convenient for me. As long as you are ok with small roooms at a great price this is a great place to stay.	
Aug 4 2009 	Cool chelsea base	Great value hotel in a great location. Rooms are no frills but have some nice touches in the form of the guest products and their layouts. Front desk service was efficient and they coped well with a busy weekend - helpful in providing advice on things to do locally. Business center with computer access and a gym were bonuses.	
Jul 23 2009 	Just what I wanted	Rooms were air-conditioned and as neat as a pin. They were not large and were decorated in 'Ikea' style, but made good use of light and the layout was as such not to feel cramped at all, so as a solo traveller, the standard rooms were ideal. Staff were friendly, helpful, and totally lacking in snobby attitude. Water and replacement coffee were provided each evening. It is in a great location, a block from the subway and crosstown buses, and a short walk to Chelsea's galleries, bookstores and restaurants. I'd return in a second!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Hotel...GREAT PRICE	I live on Long Island and decided to spend the night in the city after seeing a broadway show....THE GEM gave me a great price of $143.00 at the last minute...beautiful lobby...was greeted by Cesar when I arrived...and my room was waiting #413...new bathroom with great shower, the bedroom is a little small..but nicely furnished, flat screen tv on the wall....and the bed was sumptious...I fell right asleep after a wonderful night on the town.....	
Jul 5 2009 	It is a 'gem' if you don't have a room facing 8th Avenue	Positives:* This place just opened last year, and still feels new. The decor in the lobby and rooms are nice, and give it a botique feel. * They were able to store our luggage on our first and last day, before and after check-out.* The location is great - on 8th Ave., middle-ground between Mid-town and Lower Manhattan.* Front desk staff were nice and accommodating. * Small-scale hotel that never felt crowded - the lobby was never busy, nor was the hallway.* The free wireless internet was very handy, easy to use, and faster than our home internet service provider. * There is a computer terminal with internet, ice machine, and work-out room in the basement. * The air conditioner worked very well.* Bottled water in the rooms was a nice bonus, as was the large, wall-mounted flat-screen TV with plenty of channels. * There is a Starbucks steps from the hotel, and a subway stop very close by. * There are some great, inexpensive (by New York City standards) restaurants in this area (Chelsea), including Thai and Vietnamese restaurants. Negatives:* Our room was very small. I asked for an upgrade since we were booked for 5 nights. They suggested that I could do so after the weekend, without charge. But we adjusted to the room and never bothered. However, it would be difficult to maneuver in the smaller rooms for anyone with two large pieces of luggage.* When we checked into the first room we were assigned to, the street noise was so loud we thought the windows were opened (they were not). I was able to get a room re-assignment, although initially the front desk staff was not going to do this for me. I was reminded that I should state my preference before checking into a room. Since I doubt anyone 'wants' a loud room, the hotel should improve sound insulation on the street side. But it's more convenient for the hotel to place the onus on the customer to 'request' a quiet room. I paid for this stay months beforehand, and we stayed for 6 days - I would have expected a better room assignment based on this. Staff should really look at these factors.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good Location	I have been there just some couples of weeks after it was open, during Christmas. Front desk staff was really helpfull. The location of the hotel was great, close to subway and restaurants. The room was small, but well organized, wiht a nice LCD TV, coffemaker, clean bathroom and good hot water.	
Jun 30 2009	Tight Space	My parents were visiting New York from out town and being that I lived in the East Village in a shoe box of an apt - we went online to get a hotel.We found a room for $139 in a new boutique hotel in Chelsea. The photos looked fabulous - almost too good to be true.So we called the number listed on the website, inquiring about it. My mother asked about the room layout, as I usually end up bunking with them and she wanted to make sure there was a sofa/room for a roll away. They told us the room came with a sofa sleeper - and just to ease my mom's mind, they told her they'd put a request in for a roll away bed, too. (He also mentioned a mini kitchen with microwave).My mom was satisfied; hung up the phone, then booked online through one of those big travel discount sites.We arrive - confirm the arrangements with the front desk. The staffer looked perplexed and said that the sofa/roll away would be impossible, as the rooms barely fit double beds. He walked us through the hotel and showed us 10 rooms to prove it.He apologized, and told us that we were more than likely given false information so we would book the room. He continued, saying that discount travel websites are so competitive with one another, they say anything to get you to book.This experience was a great disappointment and I no longer trust booking accommodations through the Internet.	
Jun 8 2009 	A Pleasant Respite	I had the opportunity to stay at the Gem Hotel on 22nd street from June 1 through the 4th. it is ideally located in the heart of Chelsea in Manhattan and close to all public transportation, great restaurants and whatever one wants to do in the city. The hotel staff is pleasant, and the rooms although small, are very clean and attractive. A fantastic shower. They provide free water, coffee, internet access. My only suggestion is that they include a few local tv stations on their cable network. Being an ex-newyorker, it is always nice to catch up on local news a bit when visiting.	
May 27 2009 	A True Gem in Chelsea	Ann excellent location in Chelsea, walking distance to good restaurants. The hotel and rooms were furnished in very tasteful modern for a clean, chic look. Nice amenities like bathrobes, newspapers, flatscreen TV and coffee maker in the room. Only negative is the size of the room, but if you are not expecting a lot of space, everything else is great.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent Staff	The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I am a Hilton Honor Platinum Member because of all the travel I do for pleasure or business. Since the Hilton in Manhattan was booked, my travel agent decided I would enjoy this hotel. He was right. My fiancé and I were taken away by how clean and welcoming the lobby was. Keith, the front desk staff, was extremely friendly and went out of his way to accommodate to us. Tracy the front desk manager was also very approachable and took care of our needs. The Gem Hotel in Chelsea got my two thumbs up approval. We are already planning our next visit to NYC and the Gem Hotel is the only hotel we want to stay.	
May 19 2009 	Our New Favorite NYC Hotel!!	I come to NYC very often for business and am pretty loyal to my normal hotel; but when they weren't able accept my reservation I decided to give the GEM a try. Not only did I try it but 4 of my colleagues also were there. The lobby was beautiful and being an art fan, I noticed they sold local peices from artists in the neighborhood. I thought that was a great way to incorporate a true New York hotel experience. All of us absolutely loved our rooms; the beds are so comfortable! The whole hotel was beautifully decorated and in a charming neighborhood. It felt like my new apartment in Manhattan! We will be back again and cannot wait for our next trip!! Thank you everyone at the hotel for the great experience and all your help!	
May 16 2009 	fashion hotel  perfect location too small rooms	i've been there 2 nights, really nice the location and the hotel, service good, the only problem were the ize of the room, really small but in new york is quite normal...	
Apr 29 2009 	Better Than I Expected - I would definitely go back	I had read all the reviews so I was expecting a small room. What I wasn't expecting was a real intimate experience. The front desk staff were nice, pleasant and let me check in early. They explained all the amenities. I don't really have any complaints. If I could get the same rate, I would stay here all the time.The Best Things: My room was really clean. The bathroom was really clean. There was no mold or grout stains. Everything seemed new and clean. The shower didn't leak all over the floor. Really good soaps, shampoos, lotions. Subway stop was one block away. Lots of bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. Hairdryer in the room. Cool toilet! Comfortable Bed. Powerful air conditioner in the room. Free bottled water (2) in the room. It never seemed crowded like the bigger hotels - the lobby wasn't out of control with people and it made the whole experience seem quiet and intimate. The Worst Things (but not bad): There was about 18-20 inches from the sides of the bed to the wall and there really wasn't much room for luggage. I would imagine if you were staying for a week and had a large suitcase, it would really be inconvenient because there's not enough room to unpack things, store things or store luggage. I was only there for the weekend and only had a small pack. Bathroom door was a pocket door and it was really hard to get it to pull all the way shut. Walls were a little thin and could hear doors opening and closing.Overall I was so pleasantly surprised. I wasn't sure what to expect and was really happy with our choice to stay here.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Spot	Very satisfied with this place. Comfy, modern, and stylish. Stayed in the penthouse, so I can't speak to other reviewers' comments about the size of the rooms, but even the penthouse was the just size of an average hotel room anywhere else, and not much bigger. I can only imagine how small the other rooms must be. The main benefit of being in the penthouse is that it has a huge private deck. My only complaint is that you can't smoke on the outdoor deck, since this is a &quot;100% smoke free&quot; property. Would have been nice to enjoy a cigar while taking in the skyline. But overall, great place especially for the price.	
Apr 12 2009 	Stylish budget option in Chelsea	Our stay at the Gem Chelsea had some highs and lows that balance out to be an average rating. The hotel is in a great neighborhood and as far as I can tell there are no rooms that face busy 8th Ave, just a quiet neighborhood street, or probably an alley on the other side of the hall. The entire hotel is very compact but tastefully decorated. There is even a small gym in the basement. The room is very small, as other reviewers have mentioned. Imagine a walk in closet large enough for a bed with a small bathroom off the foot of the bed. Every inch in the room was efficiently utilized, think &quot;IKEA hotel&quot;. We even had to get creative and stack our suitcases on top of the cabinet. The size of the room didn't bother me so much since I've stayed in tight spaces before. The downside of the hotel was the hallway noise. Due to the small size of the rooms, the bed is only a few feet from the hallway and you can clearly hear people talking on the way to their rooms, doors shutting, etc... We also had a problem two nights in a row when a fire alarm down the hall would sound and then shut off at around 5am, but to their credit they seemed very concerned and had a professional there the next day working on the system. The hotel was certainly charming and in a great location. I would recommend only for budget travelers who aren't trying to get to bed early. We paid around $160 per night, would not pay much more. Not recommended for business travelers.	
Apr 4 2009 	The GEM is not a quite a gem	GOOD: The price for NYC is fantastic. The hotel was only 2 months old in Jan 2009 when my wife and I visited. The room, lobby and hallways looked new. Heating and bathroom worked well. Good hot shower, bathrobes provided. Cable tv with Showtime channel. Friendly desk staff, with helpful suggestions for what to do in the Chelsea neighborhood. NOT GOOD: We paid for the larger of the 2 sizes of rooms and it was still quite small. From the wall chart, it looks like each of the 4 floors has 10 large rooms and 8 small rooms. Queen bed, and only a small desk with plastic chair, one night stand, and a small standing closet too short to hang pants or larger coats without dragging. 2 small shelves in the bottom of the closet. No place to put your suitcases. No helpful information in the room (NYC guides or tv channel lineup). You have to ask the desk for everything. On checkout the hotel added a $1 a day charge labeled simply “charity”. When I asked what this was, I was told simply “for the kids.” I insisted the hotel remove the charge, which they did. A business traveler would have some explaining to do when submitting his receipts, so this tells me the hotel is not catering to business people. The hotel arranged a morning car service for $70 plus tip to Newark airport. This was only $4 more than the taxi charge coming in, so it seemed like a fair deal. When we got to Newark, we were told the charge was $80 plus tip. Probably not the hotel’s fault, but they should deal with more reputable services. RECOMMENDATION: a good hotel for an independent solo traveler who is willing to ask for and then double-check everything.	
Mar 21 2009 	Mixed Review: Terrible Climate Control Great Bed	The climate control was just awful. My room was absolutely freezing; it seemed as if the windows weren't properly sealed. However, using the electric baseboard heater made the room overheated and dry. There was no way to make the temperature comfortable. On the other hand, the bed was amazingly comfortable; pillows were great and the bathrobes were plush. The shower and toiletries were delightful. The room was small, but how much time do you spend there? Location is very convenient (away from the Midtown tourist areas) but best for people familiar with the subway system or willing to use the map.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great Weekend In New York	I just recently spent a long weekend with some friends in NYC. I was playing around on line one night and found great deals at this website www.newyorkguest.com I was able to get the hotel for about half of what I was seeing on other sites, and great tickets to Wicked!! The hotel was really cute - has a really boutique-y/NYC feel to it. The front desk staff was really great - and the room even had an ihome in it! While we were there we got dinner at this amazing steakhouse on the east side, called Benjamin's. Overall a really great weekend in the city :)	
Feb 26 2009 	Great deal	I too had the same issue on Valentines Day, where I just need a place to crash for the night. I got a great deal compared to the other hotels in the city and was extremely pleased with my choice. The hotel is impeccable, very clean, bed was comfy. The room is very very small. It is a bed and a bathroom. So if you plan on spending a lot of time in the room, then this is not the place for you. However, if you need a nice, clean place to crash for a couple of days, in a great part of the city. Book away!!!!!	
Feb 18 2009 	A true	We decided last minute to spend a night in NYC and while making reservations I didn't even realize it was Valentine's Day and was surprised we scored a room and at a GREAT rate for NYC. Sure the room was small, but not any smaller than MANY other higher priced hotels. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodated us immediately when we requested a street view. Even the cleaning staff was friendly. Very enjoyable stay - we'll be back ...and oh yeah LOVED the ihome!	
Feb 13 2009 	A Little GEM in the heart of Chelsea	As a former resident of Chelsea, it was a pleasure to see the blighted Allerton SRO Hotel turned into a charming little neighborhood GEM. Little, however, does not begin to describe the size of the rooms. Tiny is more appropriate, even by NYC standards. The queen bed room I had measured 10'x10'. Despite the tiny footprint, the room was completely functional, attractively furnished and immaculately clean. The bathroom was also very attractive and new--it lacked a bathtub but had a nice shower.This appears to be a well managed, albeit a very new property. The staff encountered on the premises were all very friendly, professional, helpful and courteous--it really made a difference I believe for me and helped me overlook the things I didn't like about the hotel.So, the upside of this hotel is that it is new, very clean, smartly yet simply decorated, has a great Chelsea location off 8th Av, attentive staff. The downside of this hotel are the tiny rooms--really best suited for one person or a very intimate couple with little luggage. Not meant for the traveler who needs to spread out, store lots of belongings, desires a window facing the street or spends much time in a hotel room. Very few rooms in the hotel have street views--most face a narrow airshaft. Check-out time is an early 11 a.m. but I had no problem getting a slightly later departure time when I stayed there. Bathroom lacks sufficient shelf space, bedroom lacks sufficient storage space.All things considered, I would recommend this property at the right price. I paid only $105/night--a bargain in Manhattan, and was thoroughly pleased. I probably would only hesitate if rates were over $175, depending on what other comparable properties were charging at the time. As long as this property maintains its level of cleanliness and maintenance and its professional staffing, it will be easy to forgive the closet sized rooms and viewless windows.Right now, the GEM Hotel Chelsea is a gem--I hope it stays that way.	
Feb 3 2009 	Very Accommodating	I arrived early (10:30 a.m.) and they said my room would be ready in 30 minutes. Bonus! And they were true to their word. At 11:00 a.m. I walked into my room.Beautiful room. Spacious (yes, really), bright, sunny, totally wonderful.....except for one thing. I felt my room was not secure. I cannot go into detail, but within 5 minutes, I knew my beautiful room would not provide the security I needed. I apologize for the lack of detail, but I'll say that it was a combination of fire codes and a skimming over of specifics in hotel policy that caused this lapse in security. That being said, the hotel is located in an EXTREMELY safe area, with bustling crowds at all hours of the day and night.I understand what I'm saying is vague, but to give more specifics would not only undermine the good that this hotel is all about, but it would make others who stay in that room feel uncomfortable. I'm also way more paranoid than your average traveller.I went to lunch with friends and pondered my situation.When I returned, I asked for a room change. No problem. It was done immediately. And they were totally cordial, and respected my feelings. However, the second room was much smaller, much darker, and.....it didn't really matter. Because BOTH rooms were spit-shine clean. Both rooms were very comfortable, with nice bedding, super absorbent towels (and they were large and plentiful), and both contained a work area, with desk and desk lamp.Other stuff: Quick elevator. Warm, welcoming lobby. Friendly front desk. Decent showers (although not body-hurting pressure, good enough). Room may have been small, but it was efficiently utilized. Individual heating/cooling. Flat-screen TV. Awesome location, smack-dab in the middle of Chelsea.And a price that was totally reasonable, a downright bargain. I will definitely return.	
Jan 26 2009 	Small? Really small!	This GEM was interesting.  The entry was sedate on the side street which I liked. The Interiors are beautifully done in blacks and reds and grays and very tasteful. Loved the spotlit orchids in their black niches on the upper floors. Then - the room (which is Euro styled) is just SURPRISINGLY small!! I don't mind small (really!) but when I am traveling I do like to have a desk and a chair! There is only room for the low bed and a walk around space! The &quot;desk&quot; is maybe 8&quot; wide and is really only a shelf under the wall mounted TV.  We had a room on 8th Ave which had nice light but was very noisy at night with sirens passing periodically, and, you could (on the fourth floor), hear nearly every conversation at street level.  Also the new technology of the TV and heater was not explained and we had difficulty with both through the evening and night . So our picture was fuzzy and the heat unbearable without the AC on! One may have been able to get help with this from the minimal staff but once ensconced in bed it would have been awkward.	
Jan 25 2009	Fantastic value	This is a great hotel. I wanted to stay in Chelsea because it is midway between midtown and Soho/walking distance of Greenwich Village. The hotel has only recently opened and there was literally one review on TripAdvisor and no photos but I took a punt because it was cheaper than everything else I saw - such a good choice. The hotel is brilliantly styled and gives you everything you want for a city break in NY i.e. massive shower but not a bath, a coffee machine in your room with chamomile tea for nightime but no breakfast (try Venus Diner down the street). The only minus is that the rooms are small by European standards (but average for NY in my experience) and they have skimped on the standard of the sheets and the mattress. Also be warned that their 'double bed' is not as big as a UK one, so book at least a queen if you want a decent night's sleep. The best thing though was the front desk - incredibly knowlegeable and helpful. Good work!	
Jan 10 2009 	Too small for the price...	A poor approximation of a boutique hotel.Rooms too small. Neighborhood is in the middle of nowhere.In today's market, you can do much better for the price.	
Dec 29 2008 	Love this property	I go to New York several times a year and have stayed at many properties. This property is, by far, my favorite. Yes, the rooms a a bit on the small side, but that is expected in New York, they have to maximize their space. These rooms have a nice European flare and the beds are so comfortable. They provide free Wi-Fi, a turn down service, USA Today newspapers and a staff that cannot be beat. Keith and Cesar were amazing, every employee I encountered was incredibly friendly and helpful. The location is excellent; in the heart of Chelsea, just far enough from Times Square to avoid the crowds and noise, but not so far that you can't easily get there. There is a Subway stop just a block away, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, and a 24 hour deli/convenience store all all within the same block. Not to mention numerous restaurants that will deliver to your room.	
Dec 17 2008 	Wow!	What a fantastic find! This was a brilliant hotel. The hotel is extremely mordern, yet comfortable and the staff went out of there way to be helpful, including early check in and booking us a taxi at 530am for the airport! The rooms are compact but were perfect for what we needed it for; to sleep!! The beds were comfortable and the I-Pod holder/player was very quirky. Its located in a great location with lots of nice restaurants and only a ten minute walk to Times Square or a 2 minute walk to the subway. Overall this was fantastic value for money and we will definately be returning.	
Dec 5 2008 	Interesting Hotel	I stayed here because of a recent experience with their sister hotel. I loved that experience and decided to try this one since it was more convenient for this trip. If you are in Chelsea, this is an interesting hotel. Sort of a mid-level boutique - no restaurant or cool bar scene but since it is in Chelsea there are plenty of those nearby.What makes this place work is the staff - the front desk staff took such good care of me. They were friendly and helpful throughout my stay. The rooms are tiny - they were well designed and have a great comfortable bed but they are definitely TINY! Luckily in NY you are always out and just using the room to sleep.In summary, an interesting well designed boutique hotel that overcome small rooms with a wonderful staff and interesting design.	
Nov 16 2008 	gem in chelsea	Every fall my friends and I meet in New York for an annual reunion. We were staying at a hotel in midtown and were walking through Chelsea going to some art galleries and saw the Gem had just opened so we went in to take a look. Evelyn, front desk person, was extremely friendly and showed us a room. She said that they had a intro rate of 189, which is amazing for new york. My friends and I discussed it and decided to move and stay there for the last 2 days of the trip. The savings alone was worth it though the hotel was great, very modern and clean. It reminded me of a european hotel. Evelyn, Cesear and Keith at the front desk became our new friends. we actually had real conversations with them...not just &quot;hello, how are you doing&quot; That does not happen very often. I have a meeting in New York in December and will definitely stay there on this trip and on our annual reunion trip next year.	
Nov 6 2009 	Hotel con alta relación calidad-precio		
Oct 20 2009 	Kleine Zimmer sehr sauber - jederzeit wieder!		
Sep 10 2009 	très bien		
Aug 6 2009 	Bel Hotel		
May 29 2009 	Realmente agradable		
Jan 15 2009 	Piacevole Sorpresa		
