Nov 14 2009 	Too warm too small	I just returned from four nights. I agree with the wonderful comments about Sarabeth and the quaintness of the hotel. I would like to emphasize the incredibly small size of some of the rooms (mine). If the desk chair is not completely tucked into the desk there is not room to walk to the bathroom. The bathrooms was wonderful, however, this is the tiniest room I have every stayed in and just barely can squeeze in a queen size bed. The hanging clothes space is only adequate for one person. I had both windows open all the way and the room was still too warm to sleep in November from the eighth floor.	
Nov 12 2009 	My room was barely large enough for a double bed!	I agree with all of the complementary comments about this hotel - the roof deck is great with views across the park to the reservoir and the common area for breakfast on the mezzanine was lovely with beautiful flowers. But my room - so small that it was barely large enough for a double bed. According to the floor schematic, it was the smallest room on the floor so my only caveat about this hotel is to careful about the size of your room!	
Nov 11 2009 	comfort style cleanliness character service -- all superior	I stayed in nyc with my wife for NY marathon and I was pleased with all aspects of the hotel. I highly recommend the Wales and cannot conceive of a better place to stay while in NYC. For all of you wishing to see the marathon, it is an excellent location to see the runners go up 1st Ave. and back down central park.	
Oct 25 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Just returned from an overnight stay at the Hotel Wales . Great Carnegie Hill location . Wonderful staff , nice freshly updated rooms . The entire hotel is immaculate . Really , this hotel is quite the find in NYC . Sarabeth's downstairs is a great to eat and very convenient . Tons of shopping and museums within walking distance . This is a hotel not to be missed .	
Sep 16 2009 	Great location on Upper East Side	The Hotel Wales is a quaint friendly hotel close to Central park and the museums.We had a suite which I would recommend, ask for a view of the Park. The renovations are nearly complete so there was very little inconvenience.The breakfast was simple with fresh orange juice &amp; bagels being the highlight. There is an excellent cafe right next door, Sara Beth'sOverall its a great place to stay in NY if you want to get away from the tourist traps downtown	
Sep 5 2009 	quaint	Stayed here in August 2009 while helping our daughter move and found the hotel to be very clean and the staff very friendly and accomodating. We chose Hotel Wales because it is dog friendly. The rooms are small but adequate for those just wanting a place to sleep and unwind after a day in the city. Nice flat screen TV and the room we had was nicely remodeled particularly the bathroom. The only downside to the room was the ac unit in the wall.. it was alittle noisy but did not prevent us from getting a good night sleep. The continental breakfast was a plus!! The rooftop terrace was pleasant (perfect weather) and very relaxing. New elevator installed and opened while we were there. All in all I would say this is a nice hotel out of the hustle bustle of Times Square and still undergoing rennovations ~so I think Hotel Wales will continue to get better.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Experience	Very enjoyable stay. Rooms were clean and confortable. Fine location. Service was great. Recommended.	
Aug 10 2009 	The best place in New York to stay	I am writing to let everyone know how much I loved my visit to the Hotel Wales.The hotel was very clean and the workers were very , friendly and it was ideally located to the museums we went to as well as the closeness of the places to shop.Tony	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Place - Great location	As a museum buffr, i can truly appreciate the decor of this charming hotel. It was so close to the major nyc museums i wanted to visit and the staff and accomodations were first class. Truly made this trip to the Big Apple great. i loved complimentary breakfast on the roof overlooking the park. It was a place to relax and enjoy. go back in a hearbeat.	
Jul 26 2009 	Terrible - totally misrepresented online	My experience at the Hotel Wales was TERRIBLE!!!Upon arrival I had to wait for an unusually long time while the one staff member (who was assisting three other families first) was able to help us check in with our bags and car. Then, to my dismay, the room was extremely misrepresented online. Our room, 609, had furniture that was worn, no clock or clock radio, duct tape on the blinds, a broken remote control and a bed that was so soft and unsupportive it was like sleeping on an air mattress….and although in the drop down box on your website it says free internet, I learned that can only be accessed on the 2nd and tenth floor. And,the second floor is undergoing a major renovation. Which is something that should be communicated to guests. We have a baby, and a family member with allergies, and the amount of drywall dust that we came into contact with is unhealthy and unacceptable. Besides, the breakfast, which looked lovely online, was sparse….and something I’d expect from a Quality Inn….with plastic spoons available just let inside a torn open cardboard box…I also had reserved a room using the valet and stay (which included a bottle of wine)….and had to request 4 times to have my bottle of wine. First time upon check in, three more times that night (we finally went to bed without it) and then finally the next day as I was checking out, they got a bottle of wine for us (but neglected to get the red as we had requested….and we left with a bottle of chardonnay).My experience was terrible –and I feel they need to amend their website to more accurately portray your hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Lovely clean hotel with friendly staff and lovely Yorkville location.	The staff were very friendly and helpful, the terrace and free coffee were so relaxing in the morning and evening. Clean rooms and really great area!	
Mar 26 2009 	Not bad but I wouldn't go back	The hotel has a lot of character but is in the middle of being renovated. The temperature in our room was erratic, often too hot. The room was small and the view from our window was a brick wall. The first night the radiators made a loud clanking sound, but the staff were very helpful and had sorted the problem by the second night. The bathroom needed updating. The hotel in general was quite noisy as you could hear guests in adjoining rooms. The location is ok, near Central Park but the nearest subway is not an express - we walked 8 blocks to get the faster line. The restaurant next door is very nice.	
Feb 12 2009 	A Gem in NYC	Last week I was fortunate to have chosen the Hotel Wales on the upper East Side of NYC for my 5 day stay. My very fussy girlfriend had stayed there several times and recommended it to me. I was extremely impressed from the minute I walked in. The staff was quite courteous and the place was immaculately clean. I loved the wood touches and the quaint decor. My room was absolutely beautiful. From the crisp linens to the pictures on the walls, every detail was meticulously addressed. The room had such a warm and home like atmosphere I hated to leave it to attend to the appointments I had. It would have been nice just to &quot;hang out&quot; there all day. The breakfast was delicious and everything looked fresh and inviting. I couldn't decide what to choose, so I had a little of everything and wasn't disappointed by anything. The hotel is located in a wonderful part of the city. There were restaurants within walking distance that served delicious food. I couldn't get over how comfortable the bed was. I had a better night's sleep than I had at home. I needed some information about museum times and locations and the staff was wonderful with explaining how to get there and looking up the times for me. Everyone went out of their way to tend to my every need, from hailing a cab to storing my luggage for a few hours after checkout. I would highly recommend this hotel if you're looking for a comfy home-away-from-home place to spend a week in the Big Apple. I thought the price was reasonable for such a terrific place.	
Jan 24 2009 	Ok for a short stay but check other options first	HOTEL REVIEW # 161 New YorkMY TRAVEL STYLE: If possible, I try to stay away from business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the “wow” experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Not in the heart of the action, but a short taxi ride there. Off in a more quiet neighborhood but still on a busy street. Many restaurants, shops, and bars are steps outside of the restaurantBEST WAY TO GET THERE: Taxi from the airport took about 30 minutes and around $25TYPE OF ROOM: StandardBED/SHEETS/PILLOW: The highlight of the room is the comfortable bed, very high quality linens, and a perfect down pillow.LIGHTING: Tons of lighting in bedroom and good lighting in bathroom.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Too small. In major need of a remodel. Shower curtain touches leg while in the shower. Shower water pressure is medium to strong with consistently hot water if desired. Shower nozzle is on a wall that aims water across the short end of the tub providing less than adequate space.TOILETRIES: Gilcrest &amp; Soames. Good enough.CLEANLINESS: Common areas are clean but the room and bathroom could have been better. I noticed dust that had collected on window sills and the heating unit (in bathroom). Even if this hotel was spotless, the fact that it’s old would still make it look a bit unclean.A/C: Didn’t use.CLOSET SPACE: More than average and enough space for 2 to unpack most if not all items.STYLE OF ROOM: Old style with just a tad of charm. Carpet is in definite need of updating. Adequate for a few nights stay and comfortable.COMMON AREA: The lobby is small and definitely not a place for hanging out. It has a tiny bit of a hip style to it and with just a bit of work, could be really nice.QUIET: My room faced an inner courtyard and was very quiet.FOOD: Breakfast is complementary but not good. Bananas, oranges, apples, stale muffins and stale bagels. Coffee and orange juice mix is also provided.TV/INTERNET: Internet in the room is wireless only and $12.00 per day. Didn’t use.SERVICE: Staff were very professional and helpful with our trip planning. Surprised when bellboy didn’t offer to take my bags from the front desk to the taxi at checkout.SUMMARY: This room was booked on my behalf. It’s a decent place in a decent area. I would suspect that for $195/night (weekday) that there are much better options nearby. I half-heartedly recommend this hotel, but for my next stay I would try hard to find a better option.	
Jan 21 2009 	This was poor dont stay here	we stayed here for one night before sailing on the QM2. We were extremely dissapointed with the standard of accommadation on offer, It did not reflect the description by our agent at the time of booking or the photographs on the brochure provided. When we arrived at the hotel at 22.15 hours we were shown to a room which was small and hardly had room for our suitcases let alone us. It was late so we got straight to bed but we soon found that we could not sleep because of the banging and clicking noises from the heating system. I rang reception to ask for a change of room but was told we had the last one. I called again only to be told to turn the heater down which I tried, but this made the noise worse, the heater starting to let out steam and there was then a constant dripping of water. I rang reception again and a porter arrived. He said we could change rooms this meant us getting dressed and moving to another room with our luggage at nearly 00.45. This room was extremely hot as the heating was on full, it was quite unbearable we ended up trying to sleep with the windows open for a while, in all this resulted in a very restless night. Both rooms had recently undergone some remedial work the walls being undecorated and cable channels covered with masking tape a far cry from the descriptions given. A continental breakfast was provided this was self service and consisted of luke warm coffee in paper cups, plastic cups for the orange juice and paper plates provided for toast and muffins, in a room which again was undergoing a makeover with plasterboard walls un-decorated. We have stayed in New York before and although some hotels are basic this is the poorest I have ever stayed in. I have complained to the hotel directly and th agent best@travel in the uk but neither are forthcoming with any apology or refund.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed for a long weekend at the Hotel Wales. We found the hotel to be very clean and tidy despite the building work that was going on.Check in was very swift and our bags appeared in our room within minutes. Breakfast was buffet style with crossaints, bagels, fruit and yoghurts available. There are also hot drinks which are also available 24 hours. This was handy if you wanted a bedtime drink!!There is a rooftop terrace which I guess would be nice in summer but it was November and very wet so we didn't get to enjoy the views. The hotel also has free computers on the top floor with printers..........very handy if you wish to check onto your flight online. The only real problem we had was the rooms were very small. We stopped at the Affinia Manhattan last year and the rooms at the Wales were no where near the size of those. Our hotel room was also inward facing and therefor was very dark and gloomy (although the weather didn't help I guess!!)The location was also a problem. It's about two thirds the way up the east side of Central Park. A cab on an evening cost about $15 dollars and around half an hour to get to Times Sq. This is obviously not the hotels fault (we knew where we going before we booked) but you do lose the around an hour a day travelling to and from downtown. Over 3 days the cost of cabs also adds up. The other thing that would have been handy would have been a couple of bars nearby but we didn't find any whilst we were there.All in all a nice stay though and another great weekend in NYC!!	
Sep 24 2008 	Hotel fine- but LOTS of building work so be warned!!!!	We stayed for 4 nights at the start of Sept. We had to change rooms as the air con was so noisy- even after asking for a quiet room as I am 6 months pregnant. we did get a quieter room (but the air con was still an audible sound in the room) Many of the floors are being renovated, which I was not aware of when we booked intially. I guess this is why both rooms had views overlooking a central courtyard rather than out onto Madison Avenue. Breakfast was v basic, so we went out for it. The roof terrace is being used as the dinning area for breakfast whilst they do the renovations. Rooms were VERY small- but it is NYC!Our room was cleaned very day and cleanliness was not an issue. On balance, I prob would not stay there again, but location was great and the little contact we did have with staff was perfectly fine.	
Sep 16 2008 	Shabby with poor service	I've stayed at the Wales twice in the last two years as well as for a few days last week. The place seems to be in decline - there's a pervasive seediness to the public areas (except for what is still an attractive lobby) and the staff was unresponsive to problems and/or requests. Housekeeping neglected my room (a suite) for one entire day and paid lazy attention to it the other days. I have family living near the Wales and have been pleased to have it as an option - I will not stay there again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Big Apple??? Big Letdown!!!!!!!!!!	Me and my wife stayed here for 5 nights on our honeymoon from England, after spending 4 nights at the Luxor in Vegas. Wish we had stayed the whole time in Vegas.The staff demanded a credit card off of us before letting us check in even though it was all booked. When we told them we didnt have a credit card they were so kind to just ask for $200 of us instead, until we checked out. Room was small but comfy bed. Breakfast was just croissants and coffees, so had to find places to eat out. Air cooling system on the window with a brick wall as your view was stupidly loud. The roof terrace in the pictures looks nothing like it does in real, just a few old chairs and dead plants. Cant get an alcoholic drink there. And to top it all off on the day we left, my wife found a live cockroach on the bathroom floor.Wont be going back there anytime soon (or in the very far future) but were already planning our trip back to Vegas.	
Aug 31 2008 	Beautiful Comfortable and Value for money!!!	We are a theatre company from London, who were desperately in need of an affordable, comfortable and practical hotel. We were more than pleasantly surprised upon our arrival at Wales Hotel!Not only were we welcomed by the most polite and friendly staff but we discovered we were about to spend our next 10 days in one of the most beautiful hotels I've seen. The rooms are decorated with delicately carved wooden furniture, beds that you trully sink in and a bath that invites you to melt in while drinking a lovely glass of chabli ;-)We had the privilige of staying there during the summer, so breakfast was up on the terrace with a fantastic view of Upper New York (water tanks and everything) and ofcourse the amazing Central Park!! The breakfast included very tasty bagels, flufy croissents, cream cheese, jams, fruits, serials and ofcourse a lovely cup of coffee!!The Hotel is also internet friendly with wireless throughout at a low charge and also for those without a laptop there are computer fascilities available.For those of you who are willing to spend a bit more dosh (but still affordable!) I can certainly reccomend the Carnegie Hall Suite with a great view, great space and pictures of some of your favourite stars who have also spent the night there!!!While we were there the hotel was redecorating the interior breakfast area which, after having a quick (illegal) peak through the cracks I discovered that, it was also staring to mirror the details throughout that make this hotel so pleasant to stay in.Overall as I point out in the title the hotel is Beautiful, Comfortable and Value for money!!!A very memorable experience I would reccomend to all and ofcourse I'm planning to return very soon!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Perfect break....	Stayed here for four days with my sixteen year old daughter who is a huge 'Gossip Girl' fan. First trip to NY. Loved it all. Hotel was lovely. Staff couldn't have been more helpful. Bedrooms were small, but the beds were so comfy and we didn't spend much time in the room with so much to see and do. Complimentary breakfast perfect start to the day. Views from the roof terrace great although we were the only ones up there. Plenty of lovely restaurants and boutiques close by. Would definately go again. We both loved it.	
Jun 16 2008	not what the website portrays	We booked a classic queen room. The bed was very comfortable. The room was so tiny, it was difficult to walk to the bathroom when someone sat in the desk chair. It was very noisy due to the window unit AC which was located not even two feet from the bed. Had to sleep with it off at night. Nice quiet neighborhood but not worth the money. very disappointed.	
May 26 2008 	Boutique hotel not quite...	Stayed at hotel for weekend in May for 3 nights on Upper East Side - $200 a night, way uptown on 92nd street &amp; not worth it! Beautiful neighbourhood with Sarabeth's right next door which was favourite of mine for breakfast when I lived in NY a few years ago but has deteriorated since. Small 'boutique' lobby which is typical NY however we were not quite prepared for how tight for space the room was - the door almost hit off the bed which took up most of the room, no room to open our cases. Room was shabby, crisp white bed linen had tear in top sheet! Door lock had been replaced as holes of previous one remained, large gap under the door, no door on the bathroom, tiling unfinished, mouldy shower curtain - the hotel did however move us the following day to similar styled room with smaller bed &amp; there was a huge difference in how room was finished - there remained mould on the shower curtain &amp; a large gap under the main door - and on top of everything, additional $14 per day for in-room internet access! Wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008	Very Nice place to stay	We had a very nice stay at the Hotel Wales. They upgraded us to a 2 room suite which was lovely. Very Clean and spacious. I looked into one of the regular rooms and it was nice but a bit small. The breakfast was quite good. Very fresh pastries and bagels and fruit in a lovely room. The gym is not much to speak of but it did the job. Just 3 machines--a treadmill, bike and eliptical and some hand weights but it did the trick. This is an older style hotel with lots of dark wood and east coast type furniture. . Great location to Central park. We walked it each morning. Also great location to all of the museums. Staff was very nice. Be sure to eat right across the street at Panchanau ( i am really messing up the spelling--but you will see the place. Very good.	
Mar 31 2008	Excellent Hotel	Was taken by my wife for my 50th birthday. Hotel was top class we had a suite on the sixth floor which was very clean and the staff were excellent. The buffett breakfast was just what we needed to start the day and it was also handy to have coffee available all day in a very relaxing room on the second floor.It is a liitle bit away from the main shops theatres etc but it was surprising how quickly we walked it going down 5th avenue beside Central Park and a good taxi run is only 8-10 dollars.I would advise you to avoid the black cars which pull up at night when you are trying to hail a yellow cab as we were quoted appox three times the price of the yellow cab.Other highlights were ground zero which was very moving, a trip on the zephyr at pier 16 which was very informative and lasts an hour and a trip to Times Square.We tried to book the rainbow restaurant on 65th floor of Rockefeller Centre but we needed to book in advance. They give you the option of queing to have a drink only in a section of the restaurant. The view was excellent but the service was poor and the drinks very pricey.Enjoy New York it is very friendly.	
Mar 30 2008 	Nice neighborhood great museums very small suite..	I stayed in this hotel last May for 3 days. We booked a suite since I was traveling with a toddler. We requested a crib with our reservation. Once we were there (after a long trip) I needed to remind them about the crib because they forgot. I was not amazed by the receptionist's attitude. Finally we received the cheapest, folding travel crib in the carrying case and some bed linens for it. I set it up, it was dirty...they couldn't replace it with an other one. As for the suite:Sofa bed in separate (tiny) sitting room along with one armchair, a glass coffee table. I am writing &quot;tiny&quot; since we barely had room to place the portacrib somewhere, I needed to move the furniture.A small flat screen TV. The sofa and armchair also was ready for a cleaning... There is a French door between the two rooms but does not really separate the two areas. The window air conditioner was very noisy. BUT the king bed and the down pillows, linens, down comforter were amazing. Immaculate clean, as was the bathroom as well. The location is great. The room service is a bit slow since they bring the food from the restaurant next door, but delicious. The Central Park is two blocks, a very good playground is also close by. We had a great trip after the first disappointments. Great rooftop terrace.	
Nov 23 2007 	great hotel	The hotel provides everything I would want in a hotel (but don’t always find): Warm welcomeEfficient receptionHelpful porterLovely furnitureSmart decorFresh flowersGreat quality linenGood toiletriesComfortable bedCleanliness.The room was quite small but well designed and its not cheap-but this is New York!	
Oct 29 2007	Avoid	Very very expensive $513 for a very small room with a Queen sized bed, for one night. Poor state of maintenance, cupboard and bathroom door not fitting, knobs missing, noisy next door aircon, Bathroom and room seemingly very old. Only one lift of two working. Complimentary breakfast was a bun and coffee not in a dining room but a lounge	
Oct 28 2007 	Real gem of a hotel loved it.	I had the most fabulous stay in this hotel and would highly recommend it. I looked at the reviews after I booked this hotel, and was a little nervous about how I might find my stay, as the reviews were either love or hate. My initial impression was favourable, smart lobby with attentive reception staff. Room was on small side, but comfortable, however air con unit was noisy and bathroom had no shower curtain and really bad stain from a recent flood in the room above. Upon contacting reception I was immediately moved to another room which was lovely, and the following day upgraded to a suite which was heaven, large spacious, quiet (despite fronting on to Madison Avenue). Nice touches were the complimentry morning breakfast buffet which was always well stocked, and the 24 hours tea/coffee in the lounge, and the ever smiling and friendly reception staff. The roof top terrace was great for sitting in the sun whilst reading the newspaper before setting off on the days sight seeing. The surronding area was very plush, and always felt safe, no matter what time we arrived back. Journeys downtown were easy on both the subway or buses. My impression was definetly in the love camp and wouldn't hesitate to return. Would have given it 5 stars if not for the first room I was allocated.	
Oct 10 2007	Wonderful Hotel...lots of character.	Spent five nights at this hotel during July 2007 during a city break with my mother. I booked a double room (as that was all that was advertised), but decided to email the hotel to request a twin instead. I recieved a very polite response that same day stating that would be no problem. The hotel is in a very upmarket, safe area of the city with beautiful shops and restaurants on the doorstep. The only drawback of the location (for some people) is that you are some distance from midtown Manhattan and the hustle and bustle. However...the subway in a 5/10 minute walk and there are unlimited cabs. The hotel itself is a beautiful old building, nicely restored (the breakfast room is impressive). There is a lovely roof terrace which is very well kept and has views over to central park and the reservoir. Our room was slightly on the small side, but was very clean and the beds were very comfy indeed. The free toiletries were Aveda! Please ignore any negative reviews...some people just like to complain!	
Sep 26 2007 	A Good Homebase with Minor Reservations	We stayed at the Wales for two nights at the end of a long summer vacation in the States. I'd last stayed there about five years ago, and found on thist latest stay that, while it's still a fine choice for someone who wants a small-hotel experience, management may not have a firm grasp on all the details that makes hotels such as this special. It's also not quite the bargain it once was.That said, our suite was pleasant, with a distant view of Central Park, a very long entrance hall that guaranteed peace and quiet, and handsome details like original woodwork and a (nonworking) fireplace in the bedroom. The sitting room was small but comfortable and was if nothing else a good place for luggage, keeping the bedroom tidier. I'd last had a suite that combined the sitting and bedrooms (with an arch separating them), which was in some ways even nicer, as it made for a larger single space. The bathroom (shower only) was smallish, but immaculate and with period touches. Good mattress, pillows, and linens.We missed the Hotel's continental breakfast in the second-floor common room, but had a nice time at the adjacent restaurant, SaraBeth's, a Manhattan institution. Our one attempt to use the common room (which includes computers for guests' use - there is no business center) was spoiled by a rambunctious family waiting for airport transport; I was surprised that the staff present didn't do something to stop two small children from pounding on the (out of tune) grand piano.The hotel's location on upper Madison Avenue is out of the way, yet convenient to many museums (inculding the Met) and handy for attractions such as concerts at the 92nd Street Y. It can give one the illlusion of living in, rather than visiting, the city. Our rate included valet parking, which was prompt and seemed to take good care of the car.The downsides are comparatively few: window a/c units that aren't as unobstrusive as a central system, windows that don't fully open, and some aging and fading of furniture and fixtures. The night management was slapdash - loosened tie on the man at the counter, who was busy chatting with friends and listening to (very loud) latin/rock when we returned at one in the morning (not terribly late by NYC standards!). Finally, in terms of value, while the suite set-up is pleasant, at more than $400 per night, the cost was on par with some of the rooms at New York's big-name hotels. For the money, I would have hoped for a more polished overall experience.	
Sep 14 2007 	Loved it. Value for money. Would definately stay again.	Booked this hotel which was recommended by a friend. Booked direct with the hotel website. Stayed 7 nights which cost £1183. (For NY, I thought this was reasonable). The hotel is on Madison Ave &amp; 91st St. (5 mins walk from Central Park). The staff were helpful; Khan took our luggage up and made us feel welcome. The room was a standard bedroom, but was bigger than i expected, 2 windows, clean, air conditioned, tv and a good size bathroom with bath &amp; shower, wall safe &amp; plenty of drawers, space, etc. (Room 719)The bed was made up with egyptian cotton bedding, white &amp; starched (and was so comfy, it was difficult to leave in a morning!), a range of Aveda products in the bathroom. Every day our bedding was changed, our towels were changed and the room was spotless!The roof terrace was amazing and we spent every night up there with a bottle of wine to finish the day. We usually had the place to ourselves. The lounge on the 2nd floor is gorgeous, air conditioned, free internet and a printer, free tea, coffee 24/7. At 7.30am there are bagels, pastries, croissants, rolls, jam, cheese which are all fresh. We loved the hotel and would definately recommend it to anyone. (Tip: Everytime I plugged my hairdryer in, it blew the trip switch - its an old building, no panic, ring reception and they put it back on again &amp; switch off the air conditioning before you plug anything in ;0)There are only 1 small point that I would mention: It is a good 20 minutes walk to 59th St which is the start of the main attractions, however on the 20 minute walk (or 2 min cab ride for £5) you are walking along Central Park and there are stalls, street artists and hotdog stands, etc so its a nice walk in the morning, but a long one after 11 hours walking around the city, so we usually got a cab, which is easy, stand in the road and flag one down, we always got one within a couple of minutes, they are all metered and they give you a receipt and very cheap!(E.g from the hotel to the seaport/greenwich village its £9)Other Tips: 1. Definately go to Pier 17/Seaport - lovely shops, restaurants and the best £10 each we spent all holiday was a ride on 'The Shark' !! Its a 30 minute speed boat ride around the statue of liberty.2. If you fancy a helicopter trip, it was only £70 each for 20 mins. We just walked to the Wall St Heliport from Pier 17 and only had to wait 10 mins and we were up. 3. If you don't want to queue for 3 hours to go on the Staten Island Ferry, there is a ferry stand just 100 yards away and for £7 we had an hours tour of the harbour and statue. This ferry does not stop anywhere though, but you get to see the sky line of the city and the statue. 4. All restaurants expect a 20% tip! Some add it on automatically. 5. If you want to get a taxi from the airport (JFK) Its a fixed price of $45 (approx £25). Cheap &amp; quick. 6. If you see a sign for 'Giggles' Restaurant (115th W &amp; 40th) - It was gorgeous food and nice atmosphere. 7. In Greenwich Village, 'Olivers' was good food &amp; good for people watching. (Or you can go to the Red Lion which is cheap &amp; great for people watching).This is the 2nd time I have been to New York, (1st time was 6 weeks before 9/11) but I have to say to anyone who is worried about safety, etc. This time has been a real eye opener and the whole city and its people have changed beyond belief. I would definately agree that this is now one of the safest cities in the world. Everybody is helpful and friendly. We wandered all the streets, day and night and did'nt once feel uncomfortable. (Last time I went, I would'nt go out after 8pm ;0)Happy Holidays. (If you want to see any more pics, they are on our websitewww.andyeasthope-photography.com)	
Sep 2 2007 	Nice got some charm but noisy and "old"	I booked a room at the Wales based on the availability of a one-bedroom suite; the location was nice being close to Central park when you needed a break from the busy city. However, the noise level we did encounter was way above my expectation due to a very old and outdated a/c system throughout the hotel. Since they simply stuck the a/c unit (w/out really fitting them into) into the windows the noise was the same as sleeping w/ an open window towards busy Madison St - additionally you did get the enormous noise of all your fellow neighbor's a/c 's from the inside square bordering our room on the inside ! We did pay the &quot;extra&quot; for a King Size Suite being told we'd have 2 separate rooms - actually we received one room w/ a separate sitting area and a sleeper sofa. Considering the fact that I did travel to NY w/ our 2 children to meet w/ my husband for the weekend who had been working in NY for a couple of months a big disadvantage and certainly not worth the extra money spent for the &quot;separate&quot; rooms. While some aspects of the rooms were nice (like the fresh Rose service , altogether it was a very exhausting experience and I was happy to leave after 4 nights of non- sleep ! Our room was overlooking Madison Avenue. - we were kept awake all night by street traffic. The internet access ($14/day) was spotty -- the room phone worked only sometimes and never ever got fixed or even checked upon during our 5 day stay also I did complain several times ! The included Continental bfst was nice and convenient but the service was just okay - considering the price we paid I would not stay again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Perfect location - Huge rooms	I stayed at the Hotel Wales and was delighted when I saw how spacious my room was. It's an older hotel but has a lot of character and charm w/ it's beautiful furniture and detailing. There's a fresh rose every morning and it's a nice touch w/ Aveda shampoo and tolietries. My only complaint was that the noise was a little loud at night from the roads -- but I guess that's expected being in NY! on the second floor, there is cappuccino bar that w/ complimentary muffins in the morning. It was too hot to take advantage of the rooftop terrace, but it has a great view of Madison avenue and you can see Central Park a block away. It really is in a great location. I would recommend staying here to anyone who is looking to stay in a beautiful area w/ great service and nice rooms.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Hotel 	Had a wonderful stay at the Wales! The staff was incrediably friendlyand helpful. My infant daughter got sick and had to be rushed to the hospital. The front desk told me where the closest hospital was and held a cab for me. It was such a tremedous help in such a stressful situation.More importantly the room was spotless, so I had no issues letting the baby crawl on the floor when we got back from the hospital.I would stay here again and will recommend it to all my friends traveling to NYC!	
Jul 16 2007 	Old world charm and the cleanest hotel i have ever stayed in	I came back to the Wales; and it was nicer than ever. The old world charm is still there, and enjoyed the most exciting breakfast on the rooftop overlooking new york city. I love this place, sheets to die for, fresh rose in my room and a very accomodating staff. close to all museums. what a treat. and the courteous staff makes it a delight.	
Jul 14 2007	A boutique European Hotel on the Upper E. Side!	I went with my sister, not knowing what to expect...I lived in Manhatten a few blocks away, and had always walked by the Hotel Wales. I frequent Europe, and love the independent charm and service... Needless to say the hotel was just what the doctor order!!! Staff went above, and beyond. The room had the most comfortable beds, and the Egyptian Cotton linen. Joanna's restaurant right next door, was exceptional as well. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a break from the daily grind of mid town Manhatten...It is only a subway, cab away!Mia from Long Island	
Jul 13 2007 	Find somewhere else	Booked this hotel as the final part of a trip to NYC, Washington &amp; back to NYC. The worst hotel I have stayed in for a long time - the hotel's own web site *completely* misrepresents this hotel - it's an old, dowdy, run.down hotel deperately in need of modernisation. we had to change room 3 times. The radiators leek, showers don't work, the room (Standard room) is little bigger than the small bed, the bed felt like it was 100 years old, appalling. The furniture was scratched and damaged. The smell from the kitchens below invaded the room everytime they were cooking at the restaurant 6 floors below! The aircon unit was so noisy it was unuseable. The staff (night staff) were unsympathetic to our complaints (well, it's NYC, what do you expect for the price). Actually, the hotel was not cheap, but I will never stay there again. Additionally, reading the reviews here I do wonder why they seem to be split between &quot;wonderful&quot; and &quot;awful - I guess the &quot;awful&quot; ones were written by people who have stayed there, the others you can make your own assumptions...	
Jul 6 2007	Great Hotel	I travel a lot for work and stay in hotels in different cities every month. I stay in New York at least twice a month for a few days. Usually I stay in midtown, but got sick of the crowds so decided to try the Hotel Wales. It is fantastic. It's efficient, friendly--without being overly bothersome, food is readily available and good, and the hotel has character and charm. It's not a &quot;fancy&quot; hotel in some ways, but has a high comfort level. I strongly recommend it.	
May 22 2007 	Great in the cool	We stayed four nights at the Hotel Wales. The staff are freindly and the hotel is fine. We were in 417 and the room was quiet albeit a little warm, that was OK given the outside temp was 50 F at night. I do not know how comfortable the hotel would be in summer as the rooms only have individual room a/c, that looks a bit old. If you do not want to partake of the included coffee and muffins for breakfast there are plenty of options around the hotel. We would go back as the location makes up for any minuses and the staff were all friendly and helpful, just make the effort to call them by their name, after all that is why they have a badge.	
Apr 28 2007 	Hidden gem in a good part of the city	I was in New York on business and a friend in the hotel business recommended the Hotel Wales to me.I didn't know anything about it before staying there but would definitely stay again.The first thing I noticed was that even before I'd got out of my taxi someone from the hotel came out to meet me and help with my luggage. The guy on reception (can't remember his name) was efficient and friendly and before I knew it I was in a warm (this was the middle of Winter), very clean and well sized room.For a NYC hotel the room size was pleasing, and my bathroom was pretty well sized as well.The hotel is located a stones throw from Central Park and I enjoyed a nice walk (some people like a jog) around the reservoir before my meetings.I'd definitely recommend this hotel to business travellers and holidaymakers alike. It's a great find if you're looking for a well located property with a personal customer service experiece that you just don't get in those large chains.	
Apr 9 2007 	Awful too hot can't sleep	I'm writing this review from the room because I can't sleep. The room is too hot and it is impossible to turn off the radiator (the maintenance man said he did, but did not). Management states that they cannot turn off the boiler because other guests are complaining rooms are too cold. Bathroom is outdated and needs renovating. Room service and room itself are way too expensive. Sleep sofa is uncomfortable. All in all, if you absolutely must stay awake all night, this is the place to be!	
Mar 2 2007 	Customer Service is not on this hotels agenda!	We booked the Hotel wales based on the hotel style and location. For an expensive hotel the service is shocking and the &quot;superior queen&quot; sized rooms are tiny.The breakfasts are very basic: bagels (with nothing but jam or butter to spread on them) muffins and fruit if you get down early enough. However the coffee is good and available free all day.The hotel itself is beautiful which is a shame as the reception staff are the most unhelpful and uninformed that I have ever encountered.On arrival we asked to change rooms as ours was tiny and badly laid out (as other reviews have mentioned) this was honoured reluctantly and it turned out all the rooms are very small. As Carlos explained &quot;what do you expect in New York where space is at a premium&quot;!!!!On departure our credit card was declined and we were made to feel inferior because of this. Following a call to our credit card company the hotel had been taking funds on a nightly basis instead of &quot;pre-authorising&quot; and had charged us for 6 nights in total when we only stayed for 3. We were not allowed to talk to the manager and receptionist was bordering on obnoxious and would not help until our credit card company advised him that this was fraud. Other customers were having the same problems as this so please beware. I think Customer Service courses for all Reception staff would be in order however I would never return to this hotel.	
Feb 28 2007	Worst hotel experience in years	I booked a room at the Wales for a family vacation at the recommendation of a friend who said I'd like the location and the family-friendly attitude of the staff. While some aspects of the rooms were nice , altogether it was the worst hotel experience I've had in years. Our room on the first night was on the third floor, overlooking Madison Avenue. We were kept awake all night by street traffic. The internet access ($14/day) was spotty -- using the wireless signal from neighboring buildings ended up being more reliable. The valet parking ($47/day) was terrible -- it took us 50 minutes to reclaim our car with no explanation or apology. I can believe that some people (e.g., those who don't bring a car and have a room on an upper floor away from the street) have a perfectly reasonable stay -- I'd question though if anyone should take the risk.	
Feb 19 2007 	My Favorite Spot	This hotel is ideal for the traveler who doesn't want to feel like they are in a hotel but rather staying in their lovely Upper East Side apartment. Ever since my first visit over 3 years ago, I’ve made it a point to stay there during my many visits to NYC- for a girls weekends away, business travel and romantic getaway. I feel like a neighborhood local and enjoy walking to many nearby dining spots. Picking up a piping hot complimentary latte in the Pied Piper room each morning is a fabulous start to my day. The suites are lovely and allow for a relaxing stay, and I enjoy the Aveda bath products, admittedly taking them home with me before I check out.	
Feb 16 2007 	Friendly staff cool vibe	I was stayed there twice in the span of 2 weeks. Both times I had a great room with a separate sitting area so ask for that. It was nice because of the work I needed to do. And wireless access had a great signal. This would be a great hotel for the weekends because its very near Central Park and major mueseums. I know my wife will love it and the staff seemed serious about giving me a great deal if I come back and stay the weekend.	
Jan 31 2007 	Noisy miniature rooms	We stayed for a couple of nights in mid January. N.Y. was pretty empty so ost hotels had good deals and prices. We choose the Wales for the location. The room that they gave us was extremelly small. When my wife wanted to go to the bathroom, I had to lay on the bed so she can go through. We asked for a bigger room, and they said fine as long as we paid the 100.00 dls. upgrade, we didnt take it.About at 2 o´clock in the morning I began to hear bangings on the windows. At first I thought that we might had left the windows open, but no. It sounded as they were hitting the windows with baseball bats. And then it get quiet and again. The next day when I complain, they told me that it was the furnace that was too old, but even though if they changed my room, they couldn´t guaranteed that in the middle of the night I will not hear those noises, so we stayed in the same room.Finally the white towels had yellow stains.A terrible experience. For the price thousands of better hotels	
Jan 20 2007	Excellent Hospitality	Spent a lovely week in the Hotel Wales during Thanksgiving Week '06. Hotel is clean, in a beautiful location and the staff attended to our every need. We will definately be staying there again the next time we are in NYC!	
Jan 4 2007 	Great Location -- Reasonable Price	This was my first trip to New York and my expectations were exceeded by the hotel and its staff. The hotel is located in the pricey Upper East side of Manhattan -- a very safe location and close to the &quot;Museum Mile&quot; and Central Park. I travelled during a quiet time for the hotel and was given an upgraded room at no charge on request. The hotel is rather old, but was updated in the 1990's. My suite had lovely dark woodwork and a (nonworking) fireplace with a modern, attractive bath. My only complaint is that my room was rather noisy -- it faced the traffic (notably garbage trucks) of Madison avenue and the windows were rather thin -- especially in the bathroom, where duct tape was placed along the sides of the window. Complimentary breakfast is served from 7:30-9:30 a.m. and 24 hr. access to coffee/tea/hot chocolate was a nice touch...as were the Aveda bath products. There is a small exercise room with new-looking equipment and $15 day passes are available for the nearby YMHA. Staff were polite and professional. Valet parking is available for $42/day.	
Jan 1 2007 	The Wales - a tenament at luxury rates	Had stayed here before when it was cheap enough to overlook it's faults, but at almost $500 per night for a &quot;suite&quot; - a small bedroom overlooking an alleyway and depressing ante chamber I must protest. When I arrive at 6PM, the room was in left in mid cleaning, with a mop, dirty linens and dishes in the sink. It took half an hour for someone to come up and clean the room.Alarmingly, there is no central heat and the radiator was cold and the regulator did not work. A handy man had to come up and adjust the radiator with a wrench. Then the room was stifling hot with no way to control it. When I tried to manually adjust it I burned my arm. The radiator hissed and blurbled all night and the room was so unbearably hot I had to open the windows.There was no bathtub and he shower was horrible. No internet access.The room was shabby, the furniture broken down and threadbare. for half the price, it would not have seemed so alarming. The staff was kind and forgiving.We checked out the next day, to stay at a $399 luxury hotel.	
Nov 28 2006	Rebecca New Jersey	I love the location of the hotel. The staff was extremely helpful, it was unbelievably clean and had great accomodations. I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 27 2006 	Love the Hotel Wales	I always like sharing great hotel visits. I've stayed at the Hotel Wales, located on the Upper East Side many of times. Each time I visit - the service, ambiance and accomadations are fantastic. It's a perfect place to stay and I love staying there when I visit NYC.	
Nov 18 2006 	Mice!	Booked a twin bedded room at the end of 2005, phoned the day before arrival to confirm booking but when we turned up at hotel to check in at 1.30 pm they only offered me and my friend a tiny double. We turned it down. They sent us to a hotel on West side ... which was a double bed (again) plus a sofa bed which was very old and dusty so we went back to Wales to demand a room or they find us a decent hotel for 3 nights. Strangely a room with twin beds suddenly becomes available...... What a waste of 3 hours.Next day, due to a seminar in breakfast room (Pied Piper Room - how apt!) continental breakfast was served in lobby. Just as well - next day in Pied Piper room I was alarmed to see a mouse scuttle across the floor. Every time we were at reception desk there were guests complaining - mostly about requested room types not being available. However, a couple had mice in the room - droppings on sofa bed pillows ...... and one enterprising guest managed to trap a mouse in the litter bin.Another worry was that the fire escape stairwell was jammed with mattresses - no way of escape.Managed to get a discount for the hassle etc but not a hotel to recommend to anyone at all. Staff under pressure with poor quality product. I did not send this review in at the time of staying as I had heard the Wales was to close but felt compelled to file my report as I see the hotel is still operating.	
Oct 4 2006 	Don't Stay in Standard room	We were recently in New York. Stayed at the Wales Hotel. It was quaint and charming. Location was great for Museum Mile. We had asked for and paid for a Deluxe Queen and got a standard double...which apparently is the deluxe queen (go figure). Bath tub was chipped, the air conditioner dripped and blew cold air. To top it off our sheets had holes in them. After my third complaint, we were moved to a deluxe suite, which I must admit was very lovely and comfortable. The Hotel could use providing a bar (where the lounge on the 2nd floor is). That would be a bonus.	
Sep 23 2006 	Do not stay in a standard room	My husband and I stayed at the Wales and had booked a standard room. When we arrived late at night the room had no pillows, the bathroom had not been cleaned, plaster was cracked, tile was missing on the bathroom wall, furniture was very scratched and banged up, bathroom had no door!, the in-window A/C, 2 ft. from bed, blew cold air right on the bed and was extremely noisy. The room was miniscule. I am well aware that rooms in NY can be small, but this was definitely not worth the money. ***On a positive note...the next day we complained and were moved to a very beautiful suite. The front desk staff was nice and the rest of our stay was great. I can't say enough good things about the suite. It was in good repair, clean and decorated beautifully. I would stay here again but only in a suite.	
Aug 29 2006	A "Wale" Of A Good Time!	The European charm, old world decor, and friendly and helpful staff made our weekend in Manhattan a wonderful experience. The hospitality room with continuous coffee and continental breakfast together with computer access and morning newspaper made for a warm and cozy atmosphere. It was a pleasant start to our day. A short walk to Central Park, several museums and fine restaurants were added perks. We hope to come back next year and have recommended the Wales to many friends.	
Aug 26 2006 	A Small Treasure	I've always stayed at large hotels when visiting NY. This time I had a function to attend next to the Hotel Wales so I figured I would give it a try. It's distinctive style, quality of service and refined attention to detail has made this the hotel of my choice going forward. The hotel staff takes a special interest in your needs durring your stay. Having stayed at many different hotels in NY, I attribute this to the style of management from Bob Holmes. His expectations of service seem to go above his and his staffs job responsibilites. I would definitely recommend staying at the Hotel Wales.Thanks again for a great stay,Treasure Island, Fl	
Aug 24 2006 	It was great!	Cute and quaint hotel. Classic style. Staff was very friendly, Bob (the manager) was very helpful with what we needed. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 21 2006	Uptown Gem	My usual, favorite NYC hotel being fully booked, I scrambled to find another quiet, upscale (but not exorbitantly so) place to rest my bones at the end of another happily frantic business trip to the Big Apple. A trusted friend suggested the Hotel Wales, on Madison @ 92nd. Never heard of it, I said. You'll love it, he replied: small, quiet, perfectly appointed, great service. I took his advice and booked in. Knowing my friend wouldn't lead me astray, I expected a nice hotel. I didn't expect a Great Hotel!It was, in the best tradition of &quot;roadway inns&quot;, like home away from home. The staff cordial and efficient without fawning or fussing; the place spotless; beautifully appointed; a lovely welcome basket of delicious goodies. The room was small but perfect for my needs. It struck me that the hotel caters to real travelers - those who enjoy privacy and comfort and fine service.I do want to mention assistant manager, Bob Holmes, whose quiet, caring efficiency ensured that my first stay at the Wales would by no means by my last!	
Aug 15 2006	nice staff free coffee poor hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Wales in early August. Andrew, at the front desk was very nice. Our room was tiny, the ceiling was cracking plaster. When we arrived at the hotel they had no hot water. My husband ordered the wireless internet access but found that it never worked. He spoke with Andrew about the problem, and Andrew promised to send a &quot;bridge&quot; cable, it never arrived. When we checked out they had not removed the charge for the internet from the bill. After checking with the manager, it was taken off the bill. As other reviews state, the hallways are not air-conditioned. I requested a non-smoking, non-pet floor and that request either was not honored or a patron chose not to pay attention to the rule. It was nice to have 24 hour access to coffee. The second floor lounge also had free &quot;continental breakfast&quot; in the morning. This consisted of stale muffins and croissants. The web site boasts free water, that would be one free bottle of water, ours was missing from the room. We had to ask for it. The safe in the room did not work on check-in and after inspection of the safe once it was fixed, I found that the &quot;safe&quot; was not bolted down to anything. You were welcome to put any valuables in what amounted to a heavy, mobile box. I would not reccomend this hotel.	
Aug 10 2006	Loved the Wales	To Whom It May Concern: My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Wales in Feb. of 2006. We found the staff to be courteous, and very helpful in choosing places to eat and to go for entertainment other than the play we were in the city to see (Spamalot). The hotel is not a new hotel so the rooms are quaint but very comfortable and charming. We heard of the hotel from someone we met in St. Barts. She is from Connecticut. The neighborhood is quiet and convenient to Central Park and the major museums in the city. When we return to New York we plan to stay at The Wales again. Yours truly, Don Chard	
Aug 9 2006	Wales Hotel is the Best	I spent a week at the Wales Hotel in July 2006, and couldn't have made a better choice. Everything was first rate. The room was clean, beautifully decorated, and quite comfortable. There were many people available to immediately cater to my every whim. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I love this place, and will definitely make it my &quot;home-away-from-home&quot; when I visit New York City again. I've been all over the world, and have stayed in a great many hotels, and this one was the best. It was recommended by my friend who lives in the city. She has her family and friends stay here, every time they come to New York for a visit, and everyone raves about it. It's really a well-managed hotel with a great deal of attention to detail.	
Jun 24 2006 	I think it's great	I lived in New York City for much of my life and since moving, I've stayed here each of the last 4 summers and once in January of 2006. It's a fun, funky hotel. I must admit the regular rooms look tiny, but I've always done well with the penthouse or the suite which is a lot cheaper than some of the hotels on Fifth Avenue nearby. The help was friendly. There is a free computer in the large salon on the second floor but it sometimes is tied up. There is a $1 phone connection fee even for local numbers that I find annoying. It's like living in an old, pre-war NYC apartment building so some of the fraying and noise outside is just the way it is in New York. We always were quite comfortable there although the lack of air-conditioning in the hallways is stifling in the summer.The restaurants on the block (about 5 of them) are ordinary and overpriced. However you just have to walk a few blocks to the east to get to something better. You are one block from Museum Mile and Central Park. There most definitely is free espresso despite what someone wrote here and there always has been. One could stay midtown but then there would be even more traffic and an impersonalness at the hotels down there. Also, you'd still need to come uptown to the museums.	
Jun 15 2006 	Bad things also come in small packages	Tiny rooms, very loud ineffective air-conditioning and extremely over-priced are the main features of this quirky hotel.The positives are very few and perhaps the best feature is the 2nd floor lounge where the continental self help breakfast is laid out.Other than being convenient for the museums, the position is not for holiday makers.There are a number of good restaurants in the locality and the area is one of the best things about the hotel	
May 30 2006	YOU LOVE IT OR HATE IT	We have stayed at the Wales several times and would always return. However there are extremes to this hotel and we have seen the best and the worst of it. Once you know what to expect it's a fine place to stay. Double rooms are small but perfectly adequate in the winter; in the summer when they have to have air-con units attached (the hotel has none built in) the rooms are hot and noisy and virtually uninhabitable. Some rooms have no wardrobe, which is odd. I don't know where you hang your clothes there. Undoubtedly the suites are best value and we would strongly recommend one of these. You can have an excellent picnic in your lounge after visiting Dean and Deluca's a few blocks south on Madison, or eat at the hotel restaurant Sarabeth's. Carnegie Hill is a lovely part of town to stay in although there is nothing worth seeing north of here (other than the large wine merchants one block up). The Wales is a very European hotel with its light and airy continental breakfast room contrasting with the rather solemn dark wood panelling and this alone makes it an interesting place to stay in NYC. You can spend an awful lot of money in a nondescript Manhattan hotel but you will always remember the Wales.	
May 4 2006	Excellent place	We stayed for 7 nights in a suite at a cost of about $1900. As NYC prices go, this place is not expensive and good value for money. NYC hotel rooms are notoriously small and expensive, so getting a suite was the right choice. It was a pleasant environment just to relax in and we thoroughly recommend it. Other up-sides: free continental breakfast, 24-hour automatic espresso/latte/coffee machine, great location just one block from central park and not far from the subway. I really didn't appreciate the $14/day wireless internet charge (we hooked into a unsecured source that was rather spotty).	
Apr 13 2006 	Great? or mediocre and overpriced?	Reading the other reviews here, you'd think the reviewers must be talking about different properties. In some ways, that's the case -- but they're all behind the door at 1295 Madison. I'm currently finishing up my second stay in the last six months or so at the Hotel Wales -- the first was in November of 2005 -- and I've seen most of the things reported by the other reviewer: the big airy pleasant suites, the tiny, cramped rooms with tiny, cramped bathrooms, the gracious, well-meaning staff who sometimes don't seem to have it all together. My room on my first stay was a two-room suite on the Madison Ave side of the hotel, roomy and pleasant, except for the bathroom which was smallish but comfortable enough. Large walk-in closet, pleasant sitting room with desk, sofa, coffee table, etc. Large comfortable bed with quality bedding. Phone didn't work right, wireless internet access was expensive and spotty. This time around, I got the same dungeon room that another reviewer seems to have had -- an interior room right next to the internal airshaft. Since the weather's been warm this week, that means I've had to have the windows open in order for the room not to be too hot. Tonight, it's not quite enough, and there's no air conditioner in my room. There apparently are in other rooms off this airshaft, however, as I've had to listen to them roaring on and off all evening. I've also just realized that I've had no cell phone reception much of the time, as my wife just contacted me by e-mail to let me know that she's been trying to call me for hours, and my phone hasn't rung once. (There goes someone else's A/C again). Other glitches included: difficulty getting anyone at the front desk or room service to answer the phone on occasion; calling for the access code for internet access and having the desk clerk tell me he'd call back with it in a few minutes, only to have to call again myself an hour later; insufficient electrical outlets in my current room for a laptop, a cell phone charger, and one other item; and problems sending and receiving critically important faxes on my last trip.The comment about the on-and-off nature of the continental breakfast and 24-hour coffee in the Pied Piper Room is on target also: at least 3 times in the eight nights or so I've stayed here, the room was unavailable because of a private function, and the breakfast/coffee was either moved elsewhere or was non-existent.The moral? If you can spring for one of the deluxe or suite rooms, you'll probably have an acceptable or even excellent experience. Try to get by on a budget here, on the other hand, and you'll probably regret it. Since my room was reserved and paid for by the client I work with nearby, I don't have a lot of say in the matter. Since they have a negotiated rate, it's probably not fair to quote the amounts -- I got a very aggressive rate this time, and so the smaller, less pleasant room wasn't a huge surprise; I've paid more for worse in Manhattan. Last time around the rate was at least $100/night more, but I got a lot more for it.	
Mar 31 2006	Dowdy yes but very charming..	My family and I spent 6 nights at the Hotel Wales between Xmas and New Years Day 2006. The rooms are spacious (by NYC standards), furnished in a simple yet comfortable style and the beds are comfortable. Our suite had a large walk-in closet, living area (with TV, sofa and chairs), large bedroom with TV, city views and a perfectly adequate bathroom. There is room service provided from Sarabeth's kitchen downstairs...including wine and cocktails (much needed after travelling 8 hours with a two year-old).The second-floor dining room/tea parlor is a wonderful and quiet place to have breakfast (continental) or tea in the afternoon...Definitely old-world and charming.This is our second stay at the Wales and would definitely go back. In no way are the accomodations at all comparable to the Four Seasons or the Carlyle but, then again, neither is the price (around $300 for the suite). The location, although pretty far uptown from 5th avenue shopping, is close to all of the city's cultural highlights. Finally, in a city where one is bound to be out of their hotel room by 9 am, I would rather save my money on a splurge lunch at Le Bernardin or dinner at La Grenouille than on $1000 a night (for similar sized room) hotel accomodations. It really depends on what you want out of your visit.	
Mar 22 2006 	Terrible...Don't waste your money	small rooms, dirty, feathers everywhere, hissing radiators, sink doesn't drain, some rooms have no closets, elevators smelled moldy	
Dec 20 2005	enjoyed our stay	We stayed four nights and plan on coming back. We had suite with a king size bed that was very comforable. The location was ideal for shopping and dining in a quiet neighborhood. We tried four different resturantswithin two blocks of the hotel and they were all very good and not that expensive as you would think. We wanted a quiet place to stay in the city and we got what we wanted....can't ask for more.	
Oct 26 2005	Fawlty Towers in NYC?	While the staff was pleasant and tried to help, our 3 night stay was marred by numerous problems. We had a suite facing on Madison Ave, but with no sound-proofing on windows or walls very noisy. We could hear everything going on in WC of adjacent room too! We found earplugs left on floor from prior guests--one should use them! Table leg broken off, causing lamp and table to fall over. Phone with damaged cord would not work. No hot water for shower 1 day. Key cards had to be programmed no less than 6X during course of stay. We had to put our toiletries on window sill (!), rooms are tiny but that is not uncommon in NYC. Breakfast room (parlor) was occupied for 3 days w/ seminar, so we were relegated to small mtg room for (decent) continental breakfast incl in rate.On the plus side: Bed was large, comfortable and outfitted with fine linens. Good toiletries in bathroom. Staff helped with all our trials.Altho they adjusted our rate for this disastrous stay, it is not worth it. I would rather spend the $ on a hotel that works, is quieter, etc.	
Jul 17 2005 	Deceptive description	Wales Hotel is one of those hotels that fits in the very broad and vague definition of &quot;boutique hotel.&quot; The Wales represents itself as a four-star hotel, the equivalent of a Loews or Hilton, but it certainly is not. Holes in pillowcases and bedsheet, sheets not changed, worn carpet, electricity to half the room supplied by a cheap and dubious-looking 2-pronged extension cord buried under the carpet, cracked plaster walls and loud window unit air conditioners are neither charming nor quaint. The rooms are tiny -- a &quot;superior&quot; room is perhaps 12x12 -- about half the size of a regular hotel room in a four-star hotel, even in Manhattan. There are a number of discrepancies in the hotel's description. The hotel does not have a restaurant, period. It is NEAR restaurants. It does not have &quot;complimentary&quot; espresso drinks and internet access is $14 per day. Indicative of the level of hotel amenities was my request for an ironing board and iron. The ironing board brought to me (the room did not have one) was a dorm-sized table-top ironing board - wholly inadequate. The hotel's location provides excellent access to central park and museums; however, if you are paying $250 per night (before tax) for what is represented to be a four-star hotel, you are going to be very disappointed.	
Jun 6 2005	Different	A nice, kinda funky place. Rooms are small. My wife and I had a one-bedroom suite; I saw a regular room which might be fine for one person. Staff friendly. Very nice bed linen. They charge $12/night for wireless internet. My biggest complaint was the noisy window air conditioner -- reminded me of a motel.	
Jun 3 2005	Ok for museums but wish we stayed midtown	Just got back from 2 day stay in superior queen room. Nice hotel with friendly staff. A few complaints/comments-if you are offered a cheaper price for a standard room take it because I doubt there is a difference between the queen and standard. -Our room was small, nice linens and aveda products but the shower/bathroom could have used work. By the end of the second day we still couldn't figure out the shower and it was either scalding hot or very cold.-no complimenatry water as advertised, not a huge deal but provide it if your going to advertise-if your doing the museums it is a great locations however for everything else you must go downtown -for $240/night I believe I just expected a little more, even in NY. I most likely would not elect to stay here again	
Apr 3 2005 	a Hidden Gem!		
Jan 23 2005	Cozy and Charming		
Jan 3 2005	Charming Hotel		
Nov 2 2004	Good but .....		
Jun 15 2004	horrible service - mediocre rooms - bumped guest		
Dec 24 2003	Marvelous holiday visit		
Nov 9 2003	Loved the Wales!		
May 31 2003	Very Pleasant!		
Dec 4 2002	Fabulous place		
Nov 5 2002	$375 a night for a closet?????		
Nov 2 2009 	Vacanza a New York		
Jun 22 2009	Über den Dächern von New York		
Aug 12 2008 	Altamente recomendable		
Nov 19 2007 	Come a casa nell'Upper East Side		
Jul 30 2007 	alles etwas schlechter als erwartet		
