	Customer service par excellence!	Located just two blocks from Times Sq this small but perfectly formed hotel come restaurant/bar made a great base to explore Manhattan the week before Thanksgiving. We arrived on a Saturday, and this is the one flaw with the place, the bar was VERY loud in the evening, and our room on the 1st floor next to the elevator vibrated with the disco that was going on downstairs. However, the staff were quick to relocate us to a top floor suite for the remainder of our stay at no extra charge (in fact they discounted the first night!). The rooms are well appointed and cosy with a New Orleans flavour. The whole place has a warm, welcoming feel to it, much more friendly than your typical large hotel. Thank you to Tori and her colleagues for making our once in a lifetime visit to NYC a memorable one!	
Nov 26 2009 	Well packaged - super location	Very nice location in the best(?) street in NY, restaurant row. Free (not very special but anyway) breakfast and free internet. Very helpful staff. Clean rooms. Very quiet at night.Quite small room, which I think is OK as I'm not in NY to enjoy the room itself. Only drawback (and this is minor) is that the shower took 2-3 minutes to warm up and that there is no gym.	
Nov 24 2009 	Sleepless nights but perfect management	We were alerted to the fact that the hotel was right over a bar, but were assured by the desk clerk that no one could access the hotel floors from the bar stairs or elevator. However, the first night, we were awakened twice by drunken patrons screaming (once at 1:30AM and again at 3:30AM) and the second night, we were awakened at 7AM by the bar staff dragging patio furniture around in order to put up Christmas decorations. We were incensed, and each morning, told the front desk that they needed to rectify the problem. I was assured that the manager would call me when we returned home and take something off the price. When I didn't hear from him, I wrote an impassioned email, outlining the problems, and he responded immediately by phone, offering to reimburse our stay in full. He also invited us to come back in future for a night as his guests. Although the hotel really needs to do something about their relationship with the bar, they are clearly aware of the problems and are trying to fix them. I applaud the management for their generosity and sense of duty.	
Nov 23 2009 	A gem in Manhattan!	I stayed at this hotel in October and it is the perfect little gem in Manhattan! Brand new, with great decor and all the comforts. Not to mention a fantastic location. The staff was super friendly and I really enjoyed talking with the General Manager - Colin. He was very knowledgeable and had some great tips for things to do and see in NYC. Will be back to stay at Christmas.	
Nov 1 2009 	Wonderful room wonderful location wonderful service!	I read all the great reviews on Tripadvisor and chose the French Quarters hoping it would live up to them. It was everything people reported, and more! From the moment we entered the staff made us feel welcome. The room was really large by NYC standards and bathroom was good sized, very nicely appointed and spotless. The decor was lovely and the continental breakfast pretty good too. We loved the location -walking distance from Times Square and Central Park. Overall, a great find!	
Oct 27 2009 	Far better than I was expecting	we stayed 3 nights here and we were very pleased with our room on the 3rd floor with a sunny balcony overlooking 'restaurant row' and skyscrapers ahead. The pub downstairs was excellent for cocktails and food. The best bar nearby was 'The Mean Fiddler' which gets very noisy and packed after 11:30pm most nights the dj and friendly bar staff must be deaf. The best local cafe we found was Brasserie Athenee on the corner of 46th st and 8th ave open 24hours aswell. only the very average pastries and breads for continental breakfast were the only thing i could find fault with.It was perfect for our long weekend break in the middle of manhattan.	
Oct 16 2009 	The Perfect Spot	I searched high and low on Trip Advisor and other sites for a hotel in NYC that was reasonably priced and well-reviewed. I kept finding places that had both 5 star and 1 star reviews -- people either loved it or hated it. I didn't want to take that chance. Then I happened upon the reviews for The French Quarters, right smack in the middle of everything -- right on restaurant row and right near all of the theatres. The reviews were glowing and they were deserved! My room on the 3rd floor at The French Quarters looked out onto bustling 46th Street (Restaurant Row). The thing that finally sold me on this place was a picture I saw of the bathroom and the huge beautiful shower. I can't trust a place that won't show you a picture of the bathroom! The room was exactly what I needed it to be, extremely comfortable and beautifully decorated, quiet, safe, and spotlessly clean. Combine that with the fact that every member of the staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable (and even stood outside and hailed a cab for me today despite the miserable rain!) and you have the perfect spot to stay in the theatre district. I will be staying there again. I can't imagine a better spot. Thanks to Colin and the whole staff.	
Oct 11 2009 	Top notch NYC hotel	Stay there for 3 nights this September with my spouse. The rooms are a little snug, although apparently normal by NYC standards. We did manage to see a room with 2 double beds and it was quite a bit larger than the queen room that we stayed in, but it still wasn't a problem. It's NYC so we weren't spending much time in the hotel.The hotel and rooms were very clean, and the service was excellent. Despite the small bedroom, the bathroom is actually quite large and well done. It could use some more counter or shelf space for toiletries, and has an incredibly noisy exhaust fan, but those were minor issues.The location could not be better, close to multiple subway lines and Times Square. There is a continental breakfast included that we took advantage of on just 1 of our mornings, eating out on the other days. It was basic, with some baked goods, juice, coffee, etc. Unfortunately it also included some cardboard boxes of cheap, and mostly sugary cereal that didn't seem to fit with the fine ambiance of the rest of the hotel. All in all we wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic place to stay gorgeous rooms big beds great comfort	This is one of the nicest places I've ever stayed. The rooms were so clean. The beds were huge, all 4 of us could haveslept in one without meeting other in the night. The bathroom was great with a huge shower and lovely complimentary toiletries. Our room had a balcony and it was really nice sit out at the table in the eveings. We went for dinner in Bourbon Street bar downstairs and the food was just amazing and the service was excellent. Also the cocktails are great! I'd recommend the Hurricane! This really made our trip to New York, I can't recommend it highly enough.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cozy AMAZING beds GREAT bathrooms!	Though the rooms may seem a little &quot;snug&quot;, they are well appointed with everything you need. Keurig coffee makers, HUGE showers, chic styling, and the best bed I've seen in a hotel in a long time....feels like home! Staff was laid back, nice and helpful. Adjacent pub was hopping each night, with a local-type crowd...a good sign. Colin is a great manager...very accommodating to his guest's needs. Will definitely stay here again, and again, and again!!!	
Oct 7 2009 	You must stay here!!	We truly enjoyed staying at the French Quarters Guest Apartments. The location is perfect. The staff were all very friendly and informative. Only 2 blocks to Times Square. Breakfast was an added bonus to start the day. We had no problems whatsoever with hearing any noise from the bar next door. Would stay again in a heartbeat!! We looked at MANY hotels on trip advisor before making our final decision and boy did we choose well. Also once in New York we were able to see where the other hotels were located that we had been researching and we were so glad where we were. The room was not huge but big enough for the 3 of us and all our luggage and purchases. Beautifully decorated even including the hallways - you will not be disappointed. Will highly recommend to anyone I know heading to New York!! Wish I were there now.....	
Oct 7 2009 	A1+ for all aspects of the French Quarters Apartments!!!	Always found it difficult to find a USA hotel that met expectations which were formed by looking at websites, but the NYC solution to this problem has been found. The French Quarter Apartments meet and exceed all expectations in every respect!It is Irish owned and has connections to many of the local bars in the times square area. Location, Rooms, Staff, Food, Bar, Nightlife, are all fantastic for the traveler on business or pleasure. It is hard to appreciate that you are in the middle of Manhattan as it is so quiet in morning rush hour.I cannot recommend this accommodation highly enough. Thanks to John and all the staff for a great stay!!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Rooms but noisy!	We stayed 5 nights at the French Quarters. The rooms are well appointed and spotlessly clean. There is a separate bathroom with a huge shower but there is a shortage of storage space for toiletries etc. The kitchenette with stove top and fridge (the freezer was totally frosted over and leaking) maybe useful for some while the flat-screen LCD TV is large and the Clock Radio (with iPod Dock) sounds great. A continental breakfast is included in the price and is quite nice but the selection is limited. Now the down-side and it is a big downside for me. It might have been because we were on the 1st floor, but the room was noisy; in fact quite noisy. Every night we could hear the music from the bar below, some nights it was louder than others and one night it continued until 2:30 am. We could also hear tables and chairs being dragged around somewhere in the building.To be fair, if the noise wasn't present, I would rate this hotel 5 Stars; but it was there and it is my biggest problem with traveling. If you are not affected by noise or perhaps on a higher floor, this is a great mid-town hotel at a great price.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent hotel  great location  awesome beds	Stayed here from september 7 to 10 and really enjoyed our time at the hotel .The rooms are very well appointed , with a flat screen HD TV and also a handy kitchenette with a coffee maker . The alarm clock radio with ipod dock was very handy too for charging the ipod .The bathroom was of a good size , no bath though , which may be of a concern for some .Free wifi (which i found worked best on the terrace) and free local phone calls also came in handy .The bed was incredible . Seriously the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in . Just awesome .It was also quite a nice touch from the manager , Colin , to seek us out personally to ask if we enjoyed our stay and to see if we had any complaints or criticisms .The location is fantastic . 2 blocks west of times square . Close enough to be in the action and far enough away to not hear the noise . Broadway Theatres literally at your door step as well as all of Restaurant Row's finest dining options .Subway also only two blocks south on 8th ave .My only advice would be to request a room away from the elevator , simply because the ringing of the bell when the elevator stops at each floor is quite loud .All in all , we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay there again and will/have recommended it to friends .	
Sep 26 2009 	This place was Great!	We loved staying here. The location was great, right around the corner from Times Square. (But quiet in the rooms.) The room was nice (and big by NYC standards). It's so convenient to have a fridge (and mini kitchen) in your room. Cool flat-screen TV. Any request we had was met by the very friendly and accommodating staff, including many requests for directions. We had cereal, danishes, and fruit for breakfast every morning for free.You can tell it's new. The bathrooms are gorgeous in black and white tile. Just like the website photos. On top of everything the price was really reasonable! I want to stay here every time I come to New York!	
Sep 21 2009 	THE best hotel in NY with superior personnel	My 8 day stay started out as business, and my family joined me for the last 5 days. Collin, John and the entire staff greeted us with warmth and steered us to the BEST restaurants, sites and plays. The rooms were unbelievably large, with OH so comfortable beds, and a kitchenette (who would have thunk it!). I can't wait to come back.	
Sep 19 2009 	Comfortable city stay with a dash of style	Fantastic location, close to Times Square and lots of restaurants. Easy access to sub way and downtown. 10 mins walk to Top of the Rock for fantastic views of the city. Staff very friendly and helpful. The whole hotel is stylishly decorated and our bed was very comfortable. We would recommend this hotel for a good value stay in New York.	
Sep 18 2009 	Comfort simple elegance old world bargain	I stayed in the city at the last minute and got a double room at wht I tghought was a good price, then was upgraded to a King. Great sheets towels and comforters. My room was in the back and completely quiet but I can imagine the restaurant deck could provide some noise. Had a nice breakfast included and was back to work.the room had a small kitchen with a cooktop and a refrigerator. This was definitely NOT SMALL even by NY standards (i.e. The Hudson)I think this hotels is terrific Bargain.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very small rooms even for NYC standards	Arrived at the hotel in the evening (about 9pm) there wasn't a person there to great us upon arriving. Waited about 15 minutes for the girl to show up and check us in. Room key did not work at first had to have the redone. We were is a room on the street side and the garbage trucks start picking up about 5am, I think I counted at least 4 of them going down the street stopping ever 10 feet to lift a can full of what sounded like bottles from the bars below. The saving grace of the room was the nice bathroom and cleanliness of the rooms. I would not stay there due to the inability to sleep past 5am.	
Aug 25 2009 	WOW!!! What a wonderful place to stay!!!	So, I made the reservation to stay at The French Quarters based on the reviews I saw here and WOW!!! What a spectacular, elegant, gorgeous, charming, beautiful, quaint, etc, etc, etc...place. I suprised my wife on her birthday with tickets to see The Lion King (which is only a block away).Like all the previous reviewer...great location, beautifully decorated, very responsive staff, quiet, clean, and OH YEAH!!! VERY COMFORTABLE beds and linens. What you see is what you get...pictures are very accurate.Going to recommend this gem to family and friends that are looking to stay in NYC.Also, going to try and post some pictures that we took of The French Quarters.	
Aug 19 2009	The Real Skinny! Your Research is Done!	HIDDEN GEM!Preface: World traveler visiting NYC several times and staying at both larger high end hotels and smaller boutique hotels. I stayed at FQ July 15-20, 2009. Here is the bottom line.THE GOOD STUFFCharming, European&quot;esque&quot; structure and inviting. Both long term (monthly) and short term (daily) rental. What you see is what you get. Yes the photos are in fact the same as the room you will get. Beautiful large rooms decorated in French Orleans style. Elegant. Very Clean. Looks like a brand new room! Awesome shower, chic bathroom. Mini Kitchen, Fridge. Super comfortable beds. Free wireless access. Flat screen TV. Very Quiet on my floor which was the second one above the restaurant (not sure how the first floor would be on the noise level). Terrace seating for breakfast (included, see below), European Style. Location, location, location!!! Address on Restaurant Row. 5 minutes on foot to the heart of Times Square. 5 minutes to Subway. Personalized service is warm, accommodating, friendly, and informative-not obtrusive but a little inefficient (see below). Newsletter under your door announcing not so touristy local events along with special museum pricing days, daily. And to top it off a personally handwritten note from management, thanking me for my stay and sent to my home address a month later. VALUE at $179 for two doubles p/n (currently showing $249 p.n for same room) THE NOT SO GOOD STUFFOK. So honestly, this is nitpicking, really. But again-the real skinny. Mini Kitchen has little to no supplies. Only standard water, wine glasses and coffee cups. Not enough regular coffee supplies. One or two little Keurig K-cups is hardly enough for two people. Overabundance of teas (this ain't London). Housekeeping inconsistent with replacing the few items we had. Need soap dish or small shelf for items on/above sink-irritating that there is no where to set your kit down. IRONS. Stock one per each room please. Waited forever for an iron that the staff could not locate as it was in someone Else's room and the guest were away for the evening. The dress never got ironed. (note: staff really did try hard and apologized profusely). Short list of available TV programming. Not that it matters much in NY. Breakfast-skip it! Hours are too early or too limited for tourist not on business and only high carb sweets to offer. Cream cheese and no bagels...hmm. What's the point. So basically no protein whatsoever. No real view. If you want to be obscure, this may not be the place for you as the staff sees all comings and goings and the place in a small boutique. VALUE. The price point of $179 or even $199 p/n represented a clear value with so many benefits. With great reviews, guaranteed to book the place out every night. But at $249, I know there are several comparables in that price range. Destined to become just another, if that keeps up. The Short of it: The FQ is a great place to stay. I'm not sure, but I believe that its a fairly new place and feel that they are still working out some of the quirks. It's clear that they are striving hard to provide a great experience. I did not voice any of the &quot;not so good stuff&quot; to management as it really wasn't a big deal to me (except for the iron). I'm positive they would have accommodated me. You almost can't go wrong here and hopefully, management will see fit to stock a few items if they read these postings. If price remains the bonus factor, I wouldn't even bother to look elsewhere. Other than that, have fun in Manhattan!Many kind thank-yous to Colin and staff for providing such a quaint environment and wonderful experience!	
Aug 6 2009 	Awesome experience - our new New York favorite hotel!	I travel to NYC quite frequently on business and pleasure and have stayed at most hotels in Time Sq area...on a last minute trip with the family I scoured the internet for hotel s- many of which were sold out and while I was skeptical of the name...The French Quarter Guest Apartments...was an incredible surprise - fantastic rooms - bigger than NYC average and well decorated. Location was terrific (2 blocks from Broadway/Marriott Marquis)...the staff was overly friendly and helpful...the restaurant offered great food and a cool atmosphere. Great value and experience.	
Aug 3 2009 	Best Place I've every stayed!!! Cannot be beat.	I've been to New York several times and have stayed at some great hotels but nothing compares to this one. It was soooo beautiful and comfortable with the perfect location. The staff always were friendly and helpful and went way beyond the normal expectations. We spoke to about 6 different staff members during our stay and each one of them was a delight to deal with.The room was absolutely stunning and roomy and so comfortable. I loved this place and will tell everyone I know to stay there. IT's very close to times square and is located on what they call 'restaurant row' ....tons of adorble, quaint restaurants with live music and great food.Stay here and you will not be disappointed. We just loved it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed here for 8 days in July and loved it! Everything is clean and new. The best beds in the world! Staff is superfriendly and helpful. Our room was in 3rd floor but couldn't hear anything from the street or from the restaurant above. I highly recommend this hotel!!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	The Perfect NYC Stay !	This is a perfect hotel, the location, style and service is exceptional. So close to Times Square yet amazingly quite, the rooms are furnished to the highest standard and the staff are polite and very helpful, just ask and you are sorted! Breakfast on the terrace is a perfect start to the day, and being surrounded by restaurants, the attached &quot;Bourbon Street &quot; is a must. I have stayed in a few New York Hotels and this is the only one I will stay in again...it is wonderful!	
Jul 31 2009 	super theater district location helpful staff excellent value	We picked this hotel based on TripAdvisor recommendations and we're glad we did. The hotel is excellent, the location on 46th Street between 8th and 9th Avenues (aka &quot;Restaurant Row&quot;) is perfect for all of the theaters around Times Square and it's also within easy walking distance of the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) and Rockefeller Plaza. The room we stayed in was spacious, clean, and quiet. The continental breakfast consisted of fresh pastries, fruits, cereals and good coffee. If you're looking for a nice getaway in New York City near good restaurants and within a few blocks of Times Square and Broadway shows, look no further: This is the place you'll want to stay.	
Jul 28 2009 	amazing hotel --- plush!!	What a great place! Convenient location because you can walk 2 blocks to the subway or to a bus...it's close enough to the hustle and bustle of times square but far enough away that you feel it's a bit quieter! the street was great (&quot;restaurant row&quot;) because there were tons of restaurants to choose from (some probably better than others!) the rooms themselves were so clean and plush! the beds are super comfortable.... decorated very tastefully!...the bathroom was very nice with quality products (l'occitane)....the staff was very friendly and offered to look up tourist info for us!i would recommend this hotel to anyone but especially to anyone who is picky because it's very hard to find anything to complain about!GREAT!!!!!	
Jul 26 2009 	This is where we will stay every time we come to NYC!	We had a wonderful experience at the French Quarters Guest Apartments. We stayed for one night in a remodeled king room.When we first arrived, the desk clerk was very friendly and after checking in, walked us up to our room. The hotel is small, but very personal. After only staying one night the manager new us by name.The room was beautiful. There was a small kitchen area with a refrigerator. The bathroom had a very large, oversized shower and was decorated with the same theme of the hotel.We often have trouble sleeping at hotels because we are accustomed to our tempurpedic bed at home. The bed and linens at the French Quarter were extremely luxurious and we had no trouble sleeping!To add to the great features of this hotel, the location cannot be beat. We were a short walk to several Broadway plays and the MOMA. The street that the French Quarters is on has several restaurants and a Jazz club directly across the street. We felt very safe walking around at night and never once felt the need to take a cab.We were told at check-in that we could order room service but never took advantage of the room service during our stay. Continental breakfast was included and we had a delicious breakfast on the terrace. In the morning before breakfast, we had a newspaper outside our door, along with a write-up from the hotel of events in the area, weather for the day, and interesting trivia. This was a nice touch to an already great stay.The only downside to the French Quarters is that there is no valet/parking. We parked in a lot just a block away, which was not a problem ($35 for 24 hours).We will always stay at this hotel when we come into the city!	
Jul 23 2009 	I'm def. coming back here!!	Me and my friends stayed at this hotel and we all loved it =)From the minute we entered we felt at home // then we saw the room and we were like OMG!!! The room was soo nice and clean.. The bathroom was also very clean.. And the Beds.... LOVES and Miss it... I've been a couple of times 2 NY and this was also my 1st time staying in a hotel for 5 days and when I'm coming back I def. going back to the French Quarters =). It's close to everything and in a street w/ lots of good restaurants!When people ask me where to stay in NY then I will tell them to stay @ the French Quarters!!	
Jul 17 2009 	A charming hotel in a great location with a personal touch.	What a delightful visit I had in New York while staying at the French Quarters Guest Apt.s. It is located on &quot;Restaurant Row&quot; with every conceivable type of cuisine and the pubs were lively and fun. I easily walked to Times Square, the theatre disrict, Central Park and various subway stations. The hotel was clean and beautifully decorated. Each room had a kitchenette in addition to the continental breakfast offered each morning. The hotel staff was so friendly and helpful. They remembered my name and greeted me when ever our paths crossed. I highly recommend this wonderful hotel for any type of visitor.	
Jun 26 2009 	Finally found perfect NY hotel	I have stayed in soooo many NY hotels over the years. I travel there at least three times a year and I can safely say that I have finally found the perfect hotel. I travelled with my mother so we had two huge beds in the room. Huge bedroom with kitchenette area. We only used coffee machine but was nice to have it. Bathroom was gorgeous as was the power shower. Towels were so fluffy. Right above fabulous bar called 'Bourbon street'but rooms must be sound proofed cos it may as well have been 2000 feet up, it was that quiet. Bar staff, hotel staff could NOT do enough for us. Legends the lot of them. I cannot recommend this gem of a hotel enough.	
Jun 5 2009 	Perfect/parfait	This hotel is really good! The situation is perfect (3min by walk to times square), the staff is helpful and really nice. The apartment is big, comfortable and clean. I have nothing bad to say about it!	
Oct 24 2009 	Excelente Hotel		
