	A small hotel with a big personality! Great service and a home away from home!	I travelled to New York on 23rd November with my cousin for six nights and stayed at the Hotel Reserve. The room was lovely and just enough space for the two of us, it was also serviced everyday without fail. The hotel is very small but I found this one of the possitves of the hotel as the staff really look after their guests and get to know them individually. I work for a large hotel chain and can honestly say i prefer the Hotel Reserve's atmosphere and will return next time I visit the city. The service was brilliant throughout the stay and we found the staff great to talk too and very helpful when we needed assistance! One imparticular was 'Curtis', one of the front office supervisors. He was great to talk with and always wanted to know how our day had gone, and was keen to help us find anything that we needed to see, he always had a witty story for us! A really lovely guy!The hotel had a bar attached to it and we found it very friendly and the locals were always keen to chat to us. Itreally came in handy as we were too exausted from all the sightseeing during the day to leave the hotel at night. The hotel is situated in a quiet area however its a two minute walk from the subway station that would get you across town in no time! Dont let the location put you off as we were travelling around the city everyday and found it no problem for us!Overall we loved this hotel and its staff for their excellent customer service!	
	small room no parking lot	room too small, no parking and no standing for load luggage.	
Nov 25 2009 	Hotel Reserve....we loved it!	I'm aghast at the negative reviews of Hotel Reserve on here. What the hell do people want!?Anyway, my fiance and myself were in NYC celebrating my 40th birthday. As you can imagine, the flight was long and tiring, and the security checks tough, but on arriving at Hotel Reserve, we were greeted with a sunny smile and a lovely attitude from a young lady. She efficiently and swiftly confirmed our reservation, offered us advice and asked if we needed any directions. Nothing was any problem for her.The elevators were clean and fully operational. The card entry system to the room is easier than using a key (plus it fits into your wallet!). Our room was just right. I'm realistic, I didn't expect the Waldorf Astoria, but this room, 1504, was just delightful, and perfect for a couple. Clean, spacious, airy, and with a gorgeous bathroom. Call me easily pleased, but being a Brit, I was fascinated at how the toilet operates! And the bed! Wow, massive! And thank you soooo much for the FREE wi-fi, what a bonus that was.We were out of our room exploring NYC early every morning. I mean, if you go to New York, d'uh, why would you be staying in bed until late morning when there are things to explore??? On arrival back at the hotel every evening, there was someone manning reception who was always welcoming. Our bed was always made, and the coffee facilities always re-stocked. I had 40th birthday cards, balloons and bits all over, but they were left undisturbed, indicating that the room maids had respect for our personal items.If you stayed at a hotel of this rating or standard in the UK, you would undoubtedly be left to your own devices and experience Fawlty-style rudeness.In a nutshell, a very, very nice stay. By the way, we never heard any doors slamming, and it was overall a clean, quiet room and a very nice guest experience. So thank you Hotel Reserve.	
Nov 24 2009 	stay if you want to be overcharged	we booked our stay through expedia and paid upfront in full. On arrival the hotel could not find our booking and we waited over a hour for them to sort out the problem. We were asked to leave a card as normal for any addtional billing at the desk. During our stay my credit card company called me to say a hotel bill had been charged from the hotel. I checked this with the front desk and they said nothing had been billed. Again on leaving we checked nothing had been billed and were assured it hadn't. On reciving my bill a month later there is the hotel bill in full! The hotel have refunded this but not without me calling them and having to deal with the card company too. This is not an excusable error as we had checked with them so many times.The hotel rooms are very small and far too cramped for a family to use, pay the extra and go elsewhere.Also the room was never hoovered in 4 days! also 4 hangers in a room for 4 people you have to be joking!	
Nov 18 2009 	A little disappointed	If you're traveling for business and need to be close to the financial district, this is the place for you. If you're vacationing for any other reason, forget it. It's clean and livable, but very small, and not very hip. The lobby is extremely tiny and the service is mediocre at best. On the second day of my stay my room hadn’t been serviced by 4:30 PM. When I asked why, I was told if my &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was on the door at 8:30 AM, I wouldn't be put on the list for maid service. I was on vacation and had no intention of getting up at 8:30 AM and did not want to be disturbed. I complained and got this long-winded story about the hotel being a business/corporate hotel, so most guests are up and out by 8:30 AM. Who cares! I wanted my room serviced and that was that. Also, I was a little peeved the business center is part of the restaurant that's connected to the hotel. Once the restaurant closes for the night, there was no access to the business center. Lastly, the walls are extremely thin and the mechanism used to prevent doors from slamming was absent. That being said, you will be awakened at all times of the day/night by slamming doors. The only pluses are the hotel uses H2O toiletries, it's located a block from good shopping and restaurants, and it's very close to the subway. Other than that, it's just an OK hotel. I would not recommend or stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Will definitely stay here again!	I chose Hotel Reserve for our last stay in NYC because it was the best deal I could find by far. So I was a bit apprehensive when we first arrived in the city, but this hotel turned out to be a hidden gem! The staff was friendly &amp; helpful, the rooms were larger than our last NYC hotel room (although they're still tiny compared to hotels across the rest of the country!) &amp; very clean/modern, they offer free Wi-Fi, &amp; the location was perfect. We had never stayed in the Financial District, but we really enjoyed it. There are several subway stations within walking distance of the hotel, &amp; more restaurants nearby than I was expecting. (Try Financier Patisserie, basically right around the corner, for fabulous pastries - including to-die-for macaroons - &amp; coffee for breakfast.) You can also walk to the South Street Seaport, as well as Battery Park. For a taste of New York City that is less touristy &amp; a bit more &quot;real,&quot; definitely check out this location &amp; this hotel. You won't be disappointed!	
Nov 2 2009 	I love this hotel !!!!!	Great Hotel...............it's location is prefect. The Hotel Reserve has many train station near by which make it very convenient to travel any where in the city. The staff is great........but Marc Camacho is a stand out employee with this hotel. He can get you almost anything you need in a timely manner. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking to stay in the city.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from five nights at the Hotel Reserve. It is an excellent hotel and was great for our stay in Manhattan. Our room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a good shower and was kept very clean. The room came with tv, hairdryer, iron and ironing board and coffee-maker.Located just off Broadway and Wall Street and very close to the WTC site, it is very easy to get subway access to the whole of Manhattan as there are multiple stations within a five minute walk of the hotel. It is located in a quiet area of the financial district and we had no problems with noise.I'd definitely recommend checking out some of the cafes and delis located in the area for breakfast and brunch. We generally ate out in other areas of Manhattan, such as Greenwich (if you like Mexican food, check out Maraccas restaurant - great food and service!) and then travelled back by subway. Definitely check out Weekend closures and changes on the subway as this proved a problem for us on a Saturday when we were catching it to JFK airport. I would recommend the subway as a method to travel between JFK and Manhattan, very cheap and easy to use.I would definitely stay at the Hotel Reserve again!	
Oct 24 2009 	Comfortable clean and quiet	The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and although a little smaller than expected, there was sufficient space for my friend and I. Also, for once, good lighting and mirrors! The area is safe and quiet as it is the financial district. There is however a noticeable difference between weekdays and weekends. Things do tend to shut down on the weekend, but there are restaurants that stay open. On a Sunday however you need to go a bit further out to TriBeCa or somewhere to eat. We walked back from there to the hotel easily enough.Following on from other comments on this site, we were not charged to leave our luggage after checking out (not that USD 2 per item is a lot). Apparently, they only charge when they have limited storage space.Would definitely return - there are plenty of subway stations around to get about. However, be careful to check the weekend engineering closures! You have to walk down to the port to get on the subway otherwise!	
Oct 23 2009 	Good place	Excellent customer service and rooms. my only complaint was the noise coming from the ice machine.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Little hotel near Wall St.	I needed to stay near Wall ST. and this hotel was perfect. The room was perfect in every way - clean, comfortable, quite and nicely updated. Staff was very nice and helpful. Yes, I would stay there again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent Choice	This is a (relatively) newly- opened hotel in lower Manhattan. We got a fantastic opening rate deal for a double queen room in August. The hotel lobby is small, as are the rooms, but this is no major problem for those just wanting to sleep after a long day's sightseeing and/or shopping.The room was spotlessly clean, the bathroom really nice and the beds very comfortable - what more can you ask for?We didn't have breakfast in the adjoining restaurant, as there are many alternative options round about, especially when the weekend's over.The street is actually quite quiet, and it's ideal for visiting the south of Manhattanon foot. For the rest, there's the subway close by.The staff at the hotel were curteous and helpful at all times, and there's free internet access beyond the lobby.Just one tip, though : if you are going to be arriving late , contact the hotel to check that they don't double-sell your pre-paid room like they did for a friend of ours who arrived at midnight the following day. While they were very apologetic and arranged for a room at Best Western South Street Seaport, this should NOT happen.Other than that, it's a great place to stay and if you can get a good deal like we did, don't hesitate - book it!	
Oct 4 2009 	Good value for money and ideal location	Although the room was small it was well equpped and the bed was extermely comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful and put right any problems within minutes. The location was ideal for sight seeing. I would stay again! Really good value for money	
Sep 28 2009 	Overall great experience	A friend and I stayed at Hotel Reserve 9/4 – 9/7 and overall, had a great experience.We arrived at the hotel around 10am on 9/4 – several hours prior to check-in. The desk clerk at first had an issue finding my reservation (which I made on Travelocity) but then it turned up on my computer. She told me the earliest we could check in was 3pm, but that we could certainly leave our bags at the hotel for no cost. We returned promptly at 3pm and attempted to check in with another desk clerk, who also had issues finding my reservation. It sounded like a miscommunication error on their part, and my friend and I had to wait about 15 minutes for them to sort things out. This was the only somewhat negative experience we had.Hotel Reserve is a typical boutique hotel – the lobby is quite small but has a chair and couch. Right down the hallway is a computer that is free for guests to use – a bonus! I never had to wait to use it. The desk clerks were all extremely friendly and waved hello and goodbye every time we came and left.There are about 20 floors with maybe five rooms per floor. Ours was a standard with just a double bed and an armchair. It was a little on the small side, but that didn’t matter much since we literally only used the hotel room to sleep. There was a nice TV mounted on the wall, though I found the channel selection limited. The location was excellent. The 4 &amp; 5 trains are just two blocks away, as are the New York Stock Exchange and Ground Zero.The one odd thing was the shower. It was not a tub, and I hesitate to even call it a shower stall. In the corner, there was just a little shower curtain that hung and that was it. The floor was raised a little bit and while I was a bit nervous that water would get all over the bathroom floor, we did not experience this problem.There’s a restaurant attached to the hotel and the food is decent, if slightly overpriced (but what restaurant in NYC isn’t?). We went for both breakfast and lunch, and of the two I recommend the breakfast.A few previous reviews mentioned that this area of town shut down after 5pm and on the weekends, but I didn’t experience this. After a night out at the bars, my friends and I visited a Papa John’s right around the corner and it was open until 2am. There were several restaurants and shops that seemed to keep normal business hours.The day of check-out, our flight didn’t leave until 8:30pm and we had to pay a very small fee for the hotel to hold our bags (maybe $2-$4 each – I can’t remember).Overall, I’d recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent value but the room is too small for a couple.	It really pains me to write something negative about the Reserve because everything about the hotel was excellent except for the one thing that can not be changed - the size of the room. Location, cleanliness of the room, staff - all were top notch. For a person traveling alone, I think it might have been fine but for two people it was crowded quarters. For anyone traveling on business in lower Manhattan, however, you can not beat the location. Don't be put off by the modest exterior. While walking on Nassau street, look up otherwise you might miss the front entrance. Also, we were in town for the US Open over the weekend and were surprised that the Tennis Channel was not part of the hotel cable package. All in all, if it weren't for the room size we would be back annually.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel Fantastic Customer Service	Myself and three girls came here for a girls weekend. We booked out trip with travelocity and encountered a snag in the trip upon arrival at the hotel. It turned out there was a communication error between travelocity and the hotel and they never received our reservation.We spent the first night at a hotel near JFK and the following two nights at Hotel Reserve. The hotel itself is very small but it is extremely clean and the beds are super comfortable. Also, throughout out stay the general manager, Miguel, checked in with us on a number of occasions to ensure the remainder of our stay was going smoothly. The front desk staff are very helpful and always have a smile on their face. My only word or warning would be to book your stay directly with the hotel to avoid what happened to us. If you do book with an online agency (ex. travelocity), call the hotel to confirm that they receive your reservation.If you're looking for an affordable place in Manhattan or a place away from the hustle of midtown Hotel Reserve is a great choice!	
Sep 12 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location A Few Kinks	We spent the week of July 11-18 in New York City, staying at the Hotel Reserve. My sister booked two rooms back in February via Expedia, so we got a rather swell rate under $99 per night, per room.When we arrived at the hotel very late on Saturday night (having driven up from Baltimore), there were supposed to be two rooms with two double beds. Well, the front desk clerk (none of those knuckleheads wore name tags, so you never knew who you were dealing with) informed us that they did not have a second room with two double beds so someone was going to have to use a blow up air mattress. I was very angry and they finally agreed to change our room. After the clerk convinced me that the air mattress would be “perfect” for our very petite mother, we went ahead and took the single bed room. Well, that air mattress sucked…sucked air, that is…that darn thing would not stay blown up. So, if they offer this to you…DO NOT ACCEPT!The room was very small, but comfortable. The bathroom was very tiny. The bed was plush (way too many pillows for me!), but Mom couldn’t take the air mattress so we had to force one of our teenage nephews to come downstairs and sleep on it. When we asked for extra towels, the maids always left them, but they did forget to clean our room on one of the days. The free Internet service was great, and we did not experience a lot of street noise from our eighth and nine floor rooms.The hotel is convenient to several different subway stations (only $27 per person to ride the subway for seven days!), and within walking distance to Wall Street, the Financial district, the World Trade Center and Battery Park. Overall, the location is great!The restaurant connected to the hotel, The Federal Café, was THE ABSOLUTE WORST place we have ever eaten (check out my review on that dive!). Within walking distance is George’s Restaurant (awesome for breakfast &amp; lunch) or Bobby Van’s Steakhouse for dinner.I would have rated this hotel higher, but they really ticked me off by charging my credit card $8.68 for something that I did not use. When I called the hotel to complain, the front desk clerk kept telling me that I had stayed in Room 206 and that is where the charges originated. I informed him that he was quite wrong…we stayed in Room 801 the entire time we were there! He promised to call me back, but two months later I am still waiting.	
Sep 9 2009 	I was rather surprised	As I arrived to the hotel I was expecting the worse but very much to my surprise and for the rate I paid, The Reserve was a nice welcome to NYC and the business district. Rooms are not large. Rather small but well appointed. Service is good. just a bit hidden and noisy early morning.	
Sep 3 2009 	Awesome clean quiet friendly!	I loved this hotel! It was difficult for us to find because we took the E Train and our printout Google Map was a little wrong, but there were a few places still open (9pm) so we were able to ask where Nassau street was located. Everything is small about the place, but it's nice and clean, modern, quiet, safe, and the staff is very friendly. The &quot;Make Up Room&quot; and &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign is very convenient. We ended up sleeping in and switching the sign to &quot;Make Up Room&quot; and when we returned later in the evening, the bed was made and we had new towels. That's about all the cleaning they did, and giving us new shampoo/conditioner bottles. The public computer is very convenient and has a free printer. We'll probably stay here again since it's close to subway lines and touristy areas, and some shopping areas.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel!	This is a great hotel! We've been to New York several times and this was by far the best experience we've had at an incredible price. The room had been completely redone and was absolutely spotless. Although a bit small by Texas standards, by New York standards, it was good sized. The staff was exceeding polite, friendly, and helpful. Best of all, it was QUIET. It's directly across the street from the Federal Reserve Bank so after 5:00 p.m., the traffic drops off and it's like a quiet neighborhood. There are several good (and cheap!) eating places nearby and it's only two blocks from the metro station. You can walk to most all of the sights in lower Manhattan without any trouble - very safe and very convenient. We'll definitely be back!	
Aug 27 2009 	slightly disappointed	We stayed in Hotel Reserve for the last two nights of our 3 week break in USA. Our room was only just big enough for 2 adults &amp; 2 teenagers. Admittedly, though, it was well decorated, clean &amp; comfortable. We spent very little time actually in the hotel but the staff we met were, mostly, friendly &amp; helpful. We were very disappointed to find that the charge for leaving our luggage between checkout and our departure 7 hours later, was $3 per bag! We felt this was unreasonable and had not experienced such a charge anywhere else on our trip. For this reason alone, we would be cautious in recommending the hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Hotel great value	Extremely happy with this hotel. Stayed in Room 1201. Nice room with enough space, very comfortable bed, clean tidy and good air-con. Can't fault it. Front desk were very polite and helpful.	
Aug 9 2009 	Best hotel i ever stayed in  made my NYC stay memorable	This hotel has it all , by far the best hotel ive stayed in the area is located in downtown manhattan a block away from wall street NYC stock exchange (huge american flag on the building) , A few blocks away from WTC site . The hotel room was very clean and you had the choice of leaving your room to private or placing the make up room tag on the door handle you could change it over when you wanted to. They gave you new towels every day and more cofee Our room was clean and wasnt tiny as some have said we had 2 double beds ! , bathroom was very nice , and we left our ac on so room was very cool when arriving in from the hot and humid streets of New York . The receptionists were very pleasant and friendly when walking in and out it was always &quot;how are you sir , good morning sir&quot; (Im only 19 , they treat every guest the same which was nice to see and there customer service was brilliant)I foolishly locked my luggage keys in my suitcase along with padlock and phoned down to receptionist and within 10 mins the engineer came up and burst open the padlock . I was surprised at the speed that this took as in other hotels i would of got the old &quot;the engineer is off today&quot; but at hotel reserve they were quick to act . The hotel has a pc and printer for guests to use (located on main floor beside restraunt) and offer wifi and ethernet cables in each room I have stayed a few places in NYC but never have i felt so safe to walk about late in the area where the hotel is located and come back late from shopping or a baseball game.There is loads of shops nearby too such as century21 , modells sporting goods , duane reade pharmacy , cvs pharmacy and many more to which i cant remember. Some restraunts nearby are subway , mcdonalds , starbucks, dunkin donuts , burger king , papa johns , wendys , popeyes , Quite a few more independent restraunts to which i cant remember the names , there is also a bar closeby too If you are stuck with whats nearby just ask the receptionist for directions remember if you dont ask you dont get If you want a great stay in NYC i would strongly recommend this hotel	
Aug 6 2009 	HIGHEST RECCOMENDATION	wow , i LOVED this hotel.... it was just so perfect , especially for New York city . i think what was so brilliant is how cheap it was for my family of 2 adults and 3 teenagers for two rooms , unbeliavble , great prices ! the hotel is modern and classic and very friendly atmosphere , the staff are all lovely and very helpful , we didnt get breakfast in the hotel but one night we went to the bar it was however quite expensive so i wouldnt say get your coffee therethe BEDS WERE SO COMFORTABLE , they were great espcially after all the walking we would do , the rooms were small but this was fine considering the quality of the hotel and the rooms itself.... well equipped .. the gym was tiny but was completly satisfactory for those fitness people , it had two treadmills and two other machines, a water suppy , towels , tv etci really couldnt reccomend a hotel more than this one to incorporate quality and a great expericience !	
Jul 25 2009 	A missed opportunity for good customer service	We booked one night in the Hotel Reserve in order to attend the baptism of a friend's child. Unfortunately our flight had mechanical difficulties, was canceled, and there was no way we could get to New York. Our reservation at Hotel Reserve was an advance purchase and required a 24 hour cancellation. The manager, Daisy, though very kind said there was no way she could reverse the charge. Things happen, we understand the policy, but feel this was a missed opportunity for good customer service.	
Jul 15 2009 	Small rooms no frills	Hotel Reserve is a small hotel in Manhattan's Financial District. It's conveniently located to the subway, but the rooms are very small, and we had a handful of frustrating experiences, not least of which is that all our room's key-cards had to be re-magnetized almost every day. One clerk (not coincidentally our favorite) was always apologetic, noting that it's an ongoing issue; the other clerks always felt a need to give us the &quot;you must be keeping it too close to your credit cards, or cell phone, or whatever&quot; malarkey on every occasion. The hotel's one patron-accessible computer was locked up at inconvenient times, and, on our last day of a ten-day stay, the clerk's claim that he was not allowed to arrange a cab to the airport so we should carry our luggage up to Broadway (about a four-block walk) where we could more easily hail our own cab really rubbed me the wrong way.That said, the hotel was quiet and clean, the room's a/c was very cold, the beds were comfortable, and check-in was painless.If you can get a decent rate, it's not a bad place to stay. If you can't get a competitive rate, you can do better elsewhere.	
Jul 11 2009 	A Comfortable Stay at Hotel Reserve	I try to visit New York annually and everytime we stay in a different location and make that area the focus of our sightseeing activities. This time we chose the Financial District.Our room was tiny, but clean and quiet with new beds at a mere $105 per night. A cheap laundry service and a gourment grocery store within a one block radius of the hotel made our stay even more convenient and enjoyable. We are late sleepers and I found myself wishing I had brought my white noise machine because mornings tend to be busy and noisy around the hotel. It seemed every door in the place squeaked loudly and could have used a good oiling. Evenings and nightime were very quiet, however. Housekeeping was good and the free wifi as well as the computer in the lobby were very useful. Great places to eat are plentiful, subways stops are close by and there are numerous points of interest to explore in the area. We had a late flight home and needed a place to hang out after noon checkout time. The hotel held our bags while we did a little more sightseeing and graciously allowed us to return to the lobby where we read and used the computer until it was time to go. The whole staff was very nice to us and provided good information about the area.	
Jun 28 2009 	love it	what a great hotel. close to battery park, seaport, WTC and other lower manhattan attractions, the hotel is clean, quiet and very nice.	
Jun 23 2009 	It was...fine....	The overall hotel experience was fine. The front desk staff was very nice. Not overly informative unless you asked specific questions. There's NO hotel information in the room at all. WIFI info, restaurant hours (didn't even realize they had one or if there was room service), location of fitness center, absolutely nothing. I didn't even know what time to check out. The maid service was terrible. We requested extra towels, left a tip, and never received them. Called for them. Nothing. They didn't leave washcloths one day, and another day they left nothing but HAND towels. The rooms are small, but the beds are AWESOME. The shower was poorly designed. No tub or proper curtain, so the bathroom floor practically flooded everytime you showered. It sucked. Location is fine if you need to spend all your time in the financial district, but nothing is really open on weekends, beware. It worked fine, but will avoid next time.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent for its price $105 and location	The hotel is located in Financial District, next to Federal Reserve, 2 blocks from NYSE and Century 21 Department Store and 3 blocks from World Trade Centre. The room is small with a &quot;student standard closet,&quot; a small desk, a chest, a LG LCD TV. Free wired/wireless internet in the room. No coffee machine, but Starbucks is on every block. Overall the look of the hotel and room is new and clean. Staff is very friendly. The most important thing is we only paid for USD $105/night through Hotwire. We think it worths every penny of it.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great find!	I booked a room here through Hotwire for $92. I was a little nervous because it's not a chain hotel and I wasn't sure what to expect. Overall, though, I was pleasantly surprised. It's very conveniently located on a side street in the Financial District near several subway stations. The staff was extremely friendly, and though one of the elevators was broken when I checked in, it was fixed by the time I went out about two hours later. My room was on the third floor but was very quiet, and I was shocked by how large, modern, and clean it was. There was a desk, a very comfortable double bed with nice linens, a flat-screen TV, and a sitting area near the large window. The bathroom was also large and well-equipped.My only complaint was that if there was an on site restaurant (which there claimed to be) it wasn't open on a Sunday, and since it's in the Financial District, there weren't very many other dinner options nearby. That's something to keep in mind if you'll be there on the weekend. Also, the stairwells were very dingy and sort of creepy. The Starbucks next door was very convenient, and it was a 15 minute subway trip from the Port Authority and a 10 minute cab ride from the concert I was going to in Alphabet City.A great find. I'll definitely consider staying here next time I'm in the city.	
Jun 16 2009 	Super Friendly Staff...excellent location...	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Reserve for a week. We got the room at a very nice discounted rate. The front desk staff were OUTSTANDING!!! They were really helpful, extremely friendly, and very professional. If you didn't bring your laptop, there is a computer on the main floor, if you need to get on the internet. (there was no charge for this).There is a restaurant/cafe at the hotel, we ate there once, since there were so many other restaurant choices in the area. It was a little expensive &amp; nice decor for the business traveler. Several times when we walked thru the cafe or were on the computer, we could hear an older guy who worked there was either arguing or complaining to another restaurant staff member with much profane language (the &quot;f&quot;-word A LOT!).... Just keep in mind that there isn't much open in the Financial District on Sunday (it's a &quot;ghost town&quot;) if you need someplace to eat without traveling far from the hotel. During the week, we ate at &quot;Maiden Heaven&quot; for a quick inexpensive breakfast ($3.75 for a 2-egg omelette with choice of 3 toppings...)The room is small, but is very clean and comfy and has an awesome LCD TV on the wall.The location is a couple of blocks from the WTC and Century 21 Dept store (be sure to visit this place for great bargains!) and across the street from the Federal Reserve.We'd stay here again (at a discounted or special rate)...we really loved the location!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel Downtown New York City	We stayed at Hotel Reserve for 7 nights and we really enjoyed this week! We got a good rate as we booked in january and the room was worth the money. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. The location of the hotel is perfect, just e few steps from Ground Zero and Wallstreet away. Also the subway is just a block away. At night it's very quiet in this area. The room was not that big, but everything was clean and nice. Good roomservice!We would stay there again, but we couldn't afford the full price.. So I hope to get another god rate again!	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Hotel and location if you can get a good rate	My sister and I booked this room shortly after they opened so we got the &quot;grand opening rate&quot; of $138. The room was worth every penny. I'm not sure it is worth $299 but if $299 is still less than the competition then it is worth it. We checked in on a Friday around noon and were staying 3 nights. We had booked a double but upon checkin I asked the clerk (Jenna) if she liked the room we were getting - I explained that we are from Florida and wanted a good view. Well, all the rooms look out at the street so although there isn't a good view anywhere, she gave us a room on the 18th floor (1801). She said if we were willing to take a room with a king, we would probably like it better as it is a little roomier. The rooms are all basically the same size so subtracting a bed did indeed sound roomier. We were glad we did because our room had no neighbors and was very quiet.The RoomThe room itself was very nice. The bed was comfortable - the sheets were soft. The tv was great (lcd!!). No coffee maker but they said they are working on that. The temperature control was very good. The bathrooms were clean and supplied shampoo and conditioner. There was a hairdryer in the bathroom. The LocationWe were in town for the NY Five Boro Bike Tour which had a starting point of Battery Park - a half mile away. So the location was perfect. We flew into Laguardia and took the bus into Manhatten and then caught the subway to about 2 blocks away from the hotel. It worked out perfectly. We were able to walk eveywhere we needed to or take the subway. Neither of us had ever done anything like that but we always found very nice and helpful New Yorkers to point us in the right direction. We even met a guy on the bus from the airport that walked us down to the right platform in the subway. Wow... I would not have guessed there were such nice people.The StaffI found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We were constantly asking advice for where to eat and how to get places - they were always smiling and willing to give us their 2 cents. Upon check in they had stored our bags and when we were going to the room, they asked us if we wanted to just go on up and they would deliver the bags to us so we said sure. It turned out the hotel engineer delivered them for us - I thought that showed good teamwork :)Overall I gave this hotel a 5 out of 5 because I had no complaints. I had no issues and a perfect stay. Would I stay again? If I could get a good rate I would. But if the Ritz and the Reserve are the same price - I'd probably go Ritz :)	
May 23 2009 	A Perfect Hotel for Tourists	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Reserve May 16th and 17th. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel. The staff checked us in right away and were helpful throughout our stay. The location is less than 5 minute walk to Ground Zero and Century 21 Department store. There are lots of restaurants around the hotel to choose from for eating. The hotel room 1805 was very spacious and the bathroom was well appointed. There wasn't much of a view but we weren't complaining. The bed was sooooo comfortable.	
May 19 2009 	Good Hotel if you get a decent rate	Found a great rate at around £100 a night for this place through hotels.com on a recent promotion. However when checking out,a couple walked in and asked the rate $299 a night. No way I'd pay that amount.Check In - quick,easy, less than 2 minutes in the room. Lobby small, but what do you need a big hotel lobby for?Rooms - fairly decent size, great bed, superb shower, bathroom on the small size. We were on the 4th floor with no view whatsoever, sometimes noisy as they were renovating a building near our room.Restaurant- never ate there, no commentLocation - Next to at least 3 or 4 lines to get your way uptown. 5 minutes walk to Battery Park and South Street Seaport, 1 minute to Wall Street. 2 minutes walk to the PATH station at WTC, handy if coming from Newark. Cafe Jou Jou next to the hotel, 24 hour and does good sandwiches, coffee etc or takeaway pizza joint across the road. Starbucks round the corner. Hunt out Stone Street nearby for a few good places to eat and drink.WIFI in the rooms were good although my laptop showed this was an unsecured network?!?Overall, would stay here again if the rate was right, although sometimes wished we were a wee bit closer to the action.	
May 11 2009 	Excellent hotel great room great location	Stayed here just one night and was very pleasantly surprised by the nice room - spacious, very clean and modern. Bathroom all modern, marble etc - very clean and decent over bath shower. Room we stayed in was 1704, which was incredibly quiet, not much of a view though.Def recommend this place as its also very close to transport and 5 min walk to Wall St etc.High speed wireless was a definate plus. Fitness room located in basement - very small.We will stay here again for sure!	
May 1 2009 	suiter	Booked hotel because a negotiated rate established but actually found the hotel for allot cheaper on Exepdia. Future guests do your homework as many hotels offer cheaper rates on other sites like this one. Lobby very small and there was not sense of friendliness at all. There appreared to be I think the housekeeping manager walking around with coffee on the floors to me seemed a bit unprofessional although he did acknowledge me. Rooms were very very basic nothing to write home about at all and the bathroom was loaded with hair. The room almost looks like it was something else I mean like a Marriott or something. I guess the manager I saw walking around should probably worry more about the hair then his cup of joe. I wouldn't reccomend as a first choice but ok if you are staying one night more than that you could have a problem with your clothes and where to keep them. Maybe just me but in these times you would think the focus would be on service and I just did not get a sense there was any of that. Where was the General Manager? I travel allot and see allot and these guys need some help. I would be going above and beyond during these times. Restaurant was ok food adequate had breakfast and dinner there.	
Apr 30 2009 	POOR SERVICE. HOTEL GAVE AWAY OUR ROOMS	We called the hotel and said that we would be arriving in about 3 hours. We arrived in 3 hours and the hotel said that they could not find our reservation and that we could talk to the other employee once he finished talking to two other guests. We overheard the employee speaking to the other 2 guests and overheard them being very upset as the hotel had lost their reservation. Sure enough, the hotel had also lost our reservation and had no rooms left. The hotel lobby is also very small and not inviting. There is nothing on the walls and lots of garbage outside.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great value location and choice!!	Just spent a week in New York, and having booked a fairly cheap hotel, I didn't really have high hopes.. How surprised! When we arrived we were greeted by one of their many friendly concierge staff, and were quickly booked in and shown to our room. The lobby although small was clean and modern, and gave access to the restaurant next door (which we didn't use), the business centre and the lifts. Our room was on the 12th floor, and looked across to the Federal Reserve Bank..(one sight ticked off our list already!). The room was spacious enough, and everything was as it should be.. clean.. working and to be honest it seemed a bit classy for me! All in all, a great location, only 2 minutes from the subway, 3 minutes from Century 21.. and far enough away from the busy Times Square District to enjoy ourselves without being hassled every 5 steps!! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone...on a budget or otherwise!!	
Apr 20 2009 	great wee hotel in superb location	this hotel has only been open a few months and it is clear that it will do well. the staff on the front desk are friendly and very helpful and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome.the room itself is fabulous. we were a group of 4 and were meant to be in one room with 2 beds but as they were not available, we had 2 rooms which actually worked out much better.The bed was big and extremely comfortable with big pillows. there was a great flat screen tv also. the bathroom was spotless and the shower was so great i could have stayed in it for ages!!!we did not try the restaurant so cannot comment on it, but it looked nice. It was very good to have access to internet too, especially when you want to have a quick catch up with those at home.overall i say this is a superb hotel and it can only get better. we got a great opening rate on it and would very much be keen to go back in the future.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good Location....Clean....Staff Helpful....Easy access to mass transport	Pros: -Subway is one block away - 15 minute ride to uptown museums-Lots of restaurants surround the hotel within 5 minute walk: Sushi, Lebanese, pizza, Irish, Steak, Chipotle, McDonalds, Udon, etc.-Every store you would need within 5 minute walk: Liquor, Drug Store, Clothing, Groceries, etc.-Great location in the heart of NYC downtown.-Staff is very helpful and accommodating. -Beds are very comfortable.-Plenty of hot water at peak times.-Rooms are clean.Cons-Rooms are small-No night life in the area-Bar/Restaurant downstairs is expensive. $14.00 for a mixed drink. - Advise: go to the liquor store on Maiden instead.Bottom Line: This is a great hotel if you plan on exploring NYC. The staff is really good at making your stay pleasant. They help you make informed decisions. Do not stay here if you expect a luxury hotel with lots of amenities.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel fantastic staff!	Had a great week-long stay at the Hotel Reserve. The staff were consistently friendly, helpful, and genuine from the moment we walked in the door. They were incredibly helpful and didn't hesitate to provide us with detailed information about sight-seeing, airport transportation, etc.The location is pretty good, a minute walk to several good subway lines. It's also around the corner from Century 21, and is surrounded by delis, restaurants, and little shops. Although it's in the Financial District, there are still some delis that stay open late (one around the corner on Broadway is 24 hours), and many restaurants are open late too.Rooms have big TV with lots of cable channels, comfy beds, closet, hair dryer, iron, desk, etc. No fridge or kettle. The hotel is very new so is nice with new furnishings, etc.NOTE: The address is a bit tricky. If coming from the airport, it's easier to look for the corner of Nassau and Maiden Lane. 40 Maiden Lane is not an entrance-the entrance is actually on Nassau.PROS--Staff were fantastic-The bed was the BEST I HAVE EVER SLEPT ON. Seriously, this bed was amazing. So soft, and so big.-Close to subway, delis, etc-free wireless internetCONS--The gym wasn't very good. There were only 3 or 4 exercise machines, and no weights at all. The machines were brand new though.-The rooms are pretty small, but not ridiculous-There was some confusion over the computer near the lobby. I asked whether the internet on it was free, and the staff member said technically guests couldn't use it anymore although I saw many guests using it...I would stay there again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service	Had a wonderful stay at Hotel Reserve. Front Desk was a pleasure to deal with and was quite helpful with questions about how to get around. The rooms were quite new and well presented. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever found, and it was king size. Nothing negative to really speak of apart from the gym which only consisted of a few treadmills and no weights.	
Apr 9 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	For the pasty three years, I've gone to an annual conference in the Financial District. Every year I've stayed someplace different and this is the first year I was delighted enough to write a review. The hotel is sweet, clean, well-designed and quite nicely appointed given it's affordability. The rooms are not large, but from window treatments, to granite counters and plush bedding, it was very comfortable. I booked through a travel site that gave better rates than the hotel's own website. When I checked in, I asked for a room with windows and light. Because third party bookings usually put you low on the pecking order, I was delighted when I got a bright, quiet corner room (there are only five rooms per floor). The staff was very friendly. The neighborhood offered several dining options within walking distance. The one inconvenience was the &quot;business center&quot; which consists of one computer and has limited hours, so plan accordingly.	
Mar 27 2009 	Excellent hotel good location!	Stayed there for 6 nights. It was my first time in NYC and I was afraid the hotel would be far from all the main areas for tourists, but it is actually a great location with several subway lines less than 5 minutes away. We were able to go anywhere very quickly.The room was modern and clean, the bed very comfortable and the bathroom very well equiped! Didn't watch much TV but the big flat screen is probably great for lonely business travelers. The access to broadband for free was useful to plan our trip too.Not much to say about the staff, they were polite and helpful.I recommend this hotel, this is really great value for the price (less than 700$ for 6 nights)!!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Nothing Special	Was recommended to stay at hotel because office directly accross street so I booked but then checked Expedia and got a lower rate then my negotiated corporate account so I booked that one. Very tiny lobby you walk in and you feel so cramped. I did there were three other people checking in at the time I arrived. It seemed like it took forever to check in and it appeared as the person who was checking me in was all over the place sorry to have to point this out but he did not seem like he knew what was going looking at the computer like there were sometechnical problems. What I thought was unproffessional was there appeared to be reservations on the counter for other people. Standing there a while I noticed names and personnel information about other guests. I hope they read this and make sure that does not happen again. Room I was in was 2002 nice room nothing fancy. The bed was comfortable but I have to say do something about those clocks and the lamps in the room. Staff overall were nice and accommodating. I was in for a few days so the other problem for me was no restaurant. If you are an out of towner and you stay in a hotel you kind of expect a restaurant. No coffee or nothing. The area is not like mid town manhattan so late night eats is a no go. There was a diner the desk kept reccomended ok but I was like do you know anything else in the area? I am 6ft 3 and the reason I mention this is because the fitness center is a joke. I tried using the equipment and hit my head on the ceiling. It appears they just stuck a health club in the space because they had to there appears to be no thought.Stayed here because company had a negotiated account but honestly if had tvo do it again there are other hotels I would try them out before staying again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Excellent stay for the price	A buddy and I stayed at the Hotel Reserve for five nights. The hotel itself is unassuming with a tiny lobby located between a Starbucks and an imported tie shop on Nassau (directly across the street from the NY Federal Reserve, hence the name). The hallways are narrow making it next to impossible for two guests with luggage to cross one another. The room, though small, was new, clean and perfect for our needs (clothes storage &amp; rest). We booked a double with fulls and found the linens to be extremely clean and the mattresses quite comfortable. The bathroom wash clean with new fixtures. My roommate complained about the shallow drainage design of the shower being such that overflow on to the floor was unavoidable. I didn't have a problem with such spillage however (I guess it just depends on what you're used to at home). The 32&quot; LG mounted on the wall took up little space and was nice for our limited viewing (late night ESPN highlights &amp; morning news). The internet access was excellent and made communicating with friends; setting up reservations; and mapping out routes from their centralized location on my laptop a breeze. The cleaning staff were polite, patient and performed excellent services. The front desk staff were young, hip and professional. Extra special thanks to Curtis for really looking out for us. Also, kudos to the young man (sorry, I forgot your name) who arranged for an additional room when our flight arrived early. Areas for improvement include service and transportation. On several occasions when presented with inquiries, especially about transportation (taxis, car services, etc), the responses from staff members fell quite flat! Its okay to not know something, but unforgivable to not be diligent about finding out! Also, given the type of travelers more than likely to utilize a hotel like Reserve they will definitely need to improve their efforts in facilitating adequate transportation for their guests. At the tail end of a wonderful trip when asked about transportation back to JFK the response was invariably, &quot;Just go out to Broadway and catch a cab&quot;. Which doesn't sound too harsh, but is also neither insightful nor helpful. Combine that with the fact that, given the time of our flight, none of the staff felt it necessary to explain the uniquely NY concept of &quot;shift change&quot;; needless to say we missed our flight! Additionally, the &quot;fitness center&quot; was comprised of one lifecycle and two treadmills. With all of the walking one does in NY their fitness senter could do without two of the cardio machines in substitute for some sort of multifunction nautilus apparatus. Overall I have to give the Hotel Reserve NYC 4.5 out of 5 stars, 90%, A- ...at its current price!!!! After booking our trip on Hotel.com I compared the average price if we had booked directly from http://www.hotelreservenyc.com/ and was surprised at what the going rate for this place will be after its soft opening. Even after improvements to service, and the opening of the restaurant I would have to give serious thought to booking again, as much as I loved the place, for an additional $50+ dollars per night. For the time being, we had a great time and I definitely recommend Hotel Reserve NYC.	
Mar 16 2009 	Hotel rips people off	After reading reviews of how people were double and triple charged, I decided to cancel my stay at this hotel. I cancelled more than 48 hours in advance, through the same website I booked the room (their website). Kept my Cancellation # just in case! Sure enough, they charged me for my non-existant stay. When I called to get it credited back, then mockingly asked if I had a cancellation number, which I did. Then I got the run around about the manager having to do it and he was unavailable and would call back. It has been over a week now, and I still have not recieved a refund to my account. I do not trust these people at all.	
Mar 10 2009 	The Staff was friendly and Helpful	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Reserve. The staff was extremely accomodating. As someone who is directionally challenged, I had to call twice for directions and the hotel clerk was wonderful and gave me detailed instructions for reaching the hotel.We had forgotten toothpaste and they gladly provided us with some. The rooms were small but spotless and contained all the amenities necessary. It was centrally located and made it a short taxi ride to the evening concert we attended as well as area restaurants. The beds were very comfortable.Each room had a new flat screen television set. Best of all was the value for your money. In these hard economic times, finding such a value on a room in NYC is unheard of.Best of all, when one of the members of our party was called home suddenly at 1 AM and was not able to stay, they gladly refunded our money. If I was spending an extended stay, I would want a roomier room, since there were four of us, but for a weekend trip, it was perfect. A parking garage was around the corner with discounted rates for Hotel Guests.	
Feb 19 2009 	Wouldn't stay again	A resident of NY since I was having dinner in the city on Valentines day I decided to book a room at the hotel reserve. (Not that great). The rooms are nice but a little snug and lets just say the walls are a bit thin. I could hear the people above me having a &quot;good time&quot; and people talking in the hallway. The staff nice but amateur.I booked a month ahead of time, a specific room with a balcony that was larger and was given another room (probably because those rooms were at least twice the amount on Valentines day). The explaination: &quot;It was not available when I booked&quot; which was a lie because I was specific with the request and was told they hotel was wide open for reservation. They were booked solid so I couldn't change the reservation. A friend of mine asked me to book a room for her also and they didn't have the reservation in the system (shaking my head)They charged my card a total of 6 times and could only see 3 transactions. I had to end up faxing them a copy of my bank statement and was told that they would need 24 hours to explain why I was charged the different charges that there system does not have record of.I told them to call me when they received the fax and after 15 minutes of waiting called back to find out the manager wrote my number down wrong. (yuck).The aftermath sucks more because I had to great V-day with the exception of the hotel and it's ruining my memory of the day.I recommended that my company open an account with this hotel prior to my stay after doing a walk through. We're public and estimated 400 million corporation. I was embarrassed to tell them I misjudged the book by it's cover and not it's content.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good Stay	Stayed here for a one night stay. Hotel open for about a month in a converted office building. Desk service good and friendly. Did not seem to have many guests. Stayed on a top floor. Hallways very narrow, but room was a good size. Room decorated in Ikea-style furniture and comfortable. Although the hotel was open a month, the furniture was already showing signs of wear. Generally, a good stay in a very convenient location near the stock exchange and WTC site.	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Hotel!	Booked this great little hotel on Expedia for $129 and since my office was right around the corner I thought it deserved a shot.Value for your money is unbelievable. I arrived and was checked in promptly and was offered dining suggestions. Staff was very attentive and looked organized considering the hotel just opened recently.Room [2001] was a nice size and had a great 32&quot; LCD TV and the bed was the best hotel bed I've ever slept on.Loved the bathroom amenities - very upscale. Cardio room was basic but modern and had an LCD TV in there as well.I hear the restaurant is opening shortly. I got a little tour of it and it looks very nice.I will definitely make this my new downtown hotel - sorry Millennium Hilton, I have a new home.R.E.	
Oct 15 2009 	Autunno a New York		
Oct 14 2009 	ottima posizione		
Oct 2 2009 	Bonne surprise		
Sep 24 2009	bella sorpresa!		
Sep 23 2009 	Un Hotel dove c'è un alto rapporto tra l'ottima qualità e il prezzo!		
Aug 31 2009 	Ottimo affare		
Aug 20 2009 	Calme et confort		
Jul 23 2009 	Ottimo Hotel		
Jun 30 2009 	Hotel Reserve		
Jun 5 2009 	Pas du tout déçue :)		
May 21 2009 	Nuevo y moderno muy buena opción		
May 9 2009 	Super hotel!		
Apr 5 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo stanze ok servizi sufficienti		
