Nov 9 2009 	Very Attentive European Flair	We're just back from a 3 night stay. We upgraded to the largest king size room available and it was very spacious. The bathroom was on the small side but the shower worked well, the towels &amp; robes were great. Closet space was very limited. No view - our room looked onto the roof. The staff are very attentive and quick to respond. By the time we got home they had left a message letting us know my husband forgot this keys in the room. What I did appreciate is the hotel was quiet - I don't know if that was because half the floors are closed for renovation so I can't say if it would always be this quiet. Other NYC hotels I've stayed in were very noisy - people &amp; street noise. We don't always stay in 5 star hotels - I'm not sure it's worth the price of (a) the room due to limited time spent in it and (b) breakfast in these places - is any breakfast for 2 worth over $75 US? The one thing I truly did miss was in-room coffee - I hate having to get dressed before I have my first cup of coffee (yup - I'm too cheap to pay $10+ per person for room service coffe). Even the Scottish BBs we stayed in this year had coffee makers in the rooms, as did the Swiss Relais &amp; Chateaux hotel we stayed in last year.	
Nov 6 2009 	Intimate Boutique Needs Refurbishments	My husband and I stayed at the Plaza Athenee in June 2006 for a long weekend. Having stayed at the Plaza Athenee Paris I was expecting the best of the best. Unfortunately, the New York hotel is highly overrated. Our room was shabby and dark with beat up furniture and no view. Our bathroom was tiny with horrible lighting. I am so glad to hear that the hotel is currently undergoing renovations, as they were much needed!I would definitely stay at this hotel again (after renovations). The location is superb – quite, tree-lined street on the Upper East Side and close to Central Park. We enjoyed walking to the Museum of Modern Art and later meeting friends at the hotel’s cozy bar for drinks. The hotel has a European, residential feel; it is very quaint and intimate. The staff members were all very courteous and attentive. I look forward to the unveiling of the new hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	Trying to make a buck.	This hotel advertised three nights for the price of two. We made a reservation, confirmed by a phone call to the manager. Three days later, our travel agent learned that they cancelled our reservation. They would not even offer the room at full price. They increased the price by $200 per night. I suspect this was a response to the Yankees progressing through the playoffs. Disappointing. Cheap. Dishonest. Beware.	
Jul 27 2009 	The place to be to relax after bustling New York	We spent 4 nights in Plaza Athenee and we selected this hotel mainly for its location and because we thought we would need to be spoiled after a long voyage by plane. Our choice was good because indeed you couldn't be in a better spot. The hotel lies in a small street between Central Park and Madison avenue and Lexington Avenue. The area is calm and Central Park is as it were your 'backgarden&quot;.Staff at the hotel are absolutely top! They are kind and very helpful but yet not distant if you want to have a chat. Our favorite was Peter who served us breakfast and with whom we had plenty of interesting conversations.Breakfast by the way is superb and so is high tea which is served every afternoon. Room service and housekeeping work really well. We had to ask for extra wash cloths and also for a new hair dryer. The moment you put don the phone they are already there with what was requested.True - this is an expensive hotel and youcould probably get good service for less.Another downside was our check-in. They told us three times with an interval of an hour each that the guest occupying the room had just left and so the room wasn't ready. When I complained about being told this for three times they were very accomodating in offering us free drinks at the bar. But still I think this shouldn't happen or at least they should be honest from the start. I also think they didn't have as many rooms as normal because almost half of the hotel was undergoing renovations. However we had no disturbance from that.Another downside was that upon leaving they blocked quite a large amount on my credit card as some kind of warranty. I didn't like this one bit, because I only realized it when checking in to my next hotel. They should mention this in advance and I'm certainly going to get back to them on account of this.Now how to conclude. In spite of the negative points I would return to this hotel because of the atmosphere, service and location.	
Jun 25 2009 	Quiet oasis in Manhattan	We are so glad we found this place - what a treat!!!! The staff was very accommodating and the rooms great. They are under construction right now (adding a spa I believe) but I would still go back. The restaurant was good and not very busy. Located on 64th Street right off Madison Avenue it is a perfect location for some upscale shopping!	
Jan 4 2009 	a place to feel at home	we stayed at the plaza athenee for five days around new year's eve and felt very much at home. though the design is not exactly our favourite (we usually stay at the funkier gramercy park hotel), we loved the friendliness and the commitment of the staff (only exception the doormen). due to a misunderstanding we were first given a room with a queen instead of a king bed – but with a wonderful view north. we loved the view so much that we decided to stay in it but the enormously helpful lady at the front desk insisted on finding us a room with a bigger bed and an even better view to the south. she succeeded. same helpful attitude at the concierge desk who had to book and rebook tables for us and did it with a smile. the area is great for shopping (barneys is around the corner) but we did not care that much about the restaurants (except fred's) on the upper east side. we will come back whenever we need a quite and friendly place in new york city.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great service - but noisy 	There is no doubt that this is a top flight New York hotel, but in these days of economic crisis one needs to shop around to get value for money ,and the Plaza Athenee probably doesn't do so well on this front unless 'ultimate service' is a necessity as it's comfort and ameneties can be matched by other less expensive New York hotels. I am making the comparison with another high quality hotel, the Bryant Park, where I stayed immediately before the Athenee at about half the cost.I cannot fault the efficient and welcoming manner in which I was received at the hotel or the competence and friendliness of any of the numerous staff - that was exceptional, and better than the Bryant Park. But, the room and it's bathroom was much smaller than its equivalent at the Bryant Park, less well decorated and in a lesser state or repair. The air conditioning was noisy, and the street outside seemed to be populated by honking vehicles at all hours of the day . This was probably due to the fact that it was narrow and often double parked cars blocked the way through for larger cars - to their drivers' obvious frustration. The room I occupied was able to be linked with the rooms on either sides to form a suite, a normal practice in large hotels, but the sound insulation of the connecting doors was not good and I could hear every word of a conversation between the occupants of one of the adjoining rooms, an event that was repeated at 2.00am when it woke me up.Would I go there again? Yes, certainly, but only if someone else was paying the bill and I remembered to bring my earplugs.	
Oct 9 2008	Not bad	Good Upper East Side location, large rooms for NY standards, comfortable beds, not very modern but tastefull decor, small bathrooms. Can be a good choice if you get a convenient rate.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Stay	We recently stayed at the Athenee Hotel - the hotel is in a nice location - close to Central Park, staff were very attentive and professional - concierge was very helpful. The room was a little dated but neat and clean. Room was quite small but adequate for our needs.	
Aug 25 2008	Awful can't begin to describe it	I was supposed to stay at the Lowell but since they were full on short notice, they recommended the Plaza Athenee. Rooms were dark, dingy and tiny for a premium price. The service was awful like they didn't even care. Good location in the Upper East Side and the bar was ok. Didn't try the restaurant because the hotel put us off so much. The purpose was to see the Radio City Rockette Christmas show and Macys Thanksgiving Parade and we did. They were both worth it!	
Jun 25 2008 	Great little gem	We've come to really like the Plaza Athenee on East 64th. Though the price is steep--isn't everywhere in New York?--we feel like we're in an intimate European hotel from the minute we arrive. There is an almost residential feel about the place, and staff is attentive. We love the cozy bar off the lobby (great menu for light meals and snacks), and the small restaurant is likewise very good. We had a larger than usual room this trip, in the back with no traffic noise whatsoever. The beds and pillows are outstanding. Bath is small but efficient.	
May 28 2008 	Great service	Loved every minute of it! We were spoiled and enjoyed the intimate surroundings. Beautiful room - not very large (but that is NY I guess).We will be back for Christmas shopping.	
May 22 2008 	Excellent stay	Thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Plaza Athenee. Spacious, comfortable room which was elegantly furnished, and with modern creature comforts (flatscreen+DVD player+ ipod docking station). Most importantly, room was quiet, with no street noise. Air con worked perfectly....Hotel reception, bar and restaurant have air of timeless discrete luxury, and were exceptionally well maintained. Staff were at all times attentive, courteous and well-informed, and focused on the well-being of guests.Would strongly recommend hotel.	
Apr 15 2008 	Mixed review for the Plaza Athenee	There is much to recommend the Plaza Athenee: comfortable beds, quiet location, and attentive staff. But, alas, even such a lovely place as the P-A loses its (expensive) luster when it can't get something as prosaic as its heating, cooling, and ventilation under control. Wall-mounted thermostats indicate that both heating and cooling are available in the guest rooms. But after one warm, stuffy night in our suite, we had to conclude that the air-conditioning wasn't working. When we called the front desk to ask how to switch on the AC, an employee was dispatched with two laundry-hamper-sized cooling units, one for each room. He then opened the window, stuck a hose out of it, and patched the hose in place with cardboard and duct tape. And there the units sat in our suite for the rest of our visit, like two R2D2 robots -- inelegant and obtrusive obstacles in our otherwise lovely bedrooms. The ventilation problems continued in the hotel lobby. One is greeted by strong aromas that our children dubbed &quot;Chinese restaurant&quot; -- an oily, pervasive cooking odor. We were met by these odors morning, noon, and night for three days, and they hardly encouraged us to stay on the first floor for drinks or dinner. We paid a premium for the hotel's &quot;only&quot; connecting rooms, each of which had a view of a brick wall about three feet away from our windows. Okay, in New York it happens. But, combined with the first-floor cooking odors and the third-class &quot;air conditioning,&quot; we have to conclude that our money could have been better spent on the Upper East Side. God help anyone booked here during the summer!	
Apr 10 2008 	Pleasant stay but a bit dated in some aspects	We came in early for a business meeting to spend a weekend together in New York. Very quaint hotel where the service was spot on. We were spent from our red-eye and they were able to let us sleep in another room until ours was ready. Small things are a bit dated like the toiletries, TV and older scale in the bathroom. If you prefer more modern, then I would shop around.	
Mar 31 2008 	Loved Athenee	This was my first time staying at this luxury hotel in New York's Upper West side and it was worth every penny. We booked a package through expedia.com for air and hotel and were more than pleasantly surprised. Everything was very prompt, the people were remarkable friendly and made us feel as though we had known them forever. I will go back. The doormen Angel and Tommy were awesome.	
Mar 26 2008 	quiet elegance	I recently spent a weekend here and really enjoyed a quiet repose in luxurious comfort. I was on the top floor in a huge room with magnificent views of the upper east side and the city beyond. The room was elegantly appointed with French furniture, mirrored closet doors, a small kitchenette, and a plush bed. I loved the huge bathroom, which had pink marble walls, an enormous shower, and even a bidet. On Saturday, I enjoyed a Broadway play (Pinter's The Homecoming) and managed to hit a sale at Barney's--all within walking distance of the hotel. Later I had dinner at the hotel with a friend.The dining room is one of the prettiest in Manhattan. The murano glass chandeliers and mirrored alcoves reflect shimmering candlelight. The menu had some very creative offerings, served ably by a mature, professional staff. On Sunday morning, I had a light breakfast in the Bar Seine and then retired to my room to read the New York Times. Though the hotel is in the heart of the Madison Avenue shopping district and just steps from museums and Central Park, I had a hard time getting out of that relaxing retreat! But when I did, the staff helped me plan my trip and arrange for transit.In sum, I found this the perfect hotel for a relaxing weekend in New York. It was worth every penny!	
Mar 23 2008 	Disappointing	We booked this hotel on the basis that we had a great time when we stayed at the Plaza Athenee in Paris. Unfortunately the two are not comparable. Whereas the PA in Paris is grand and modern but chic, the PA in New York is cramped, dated and the staff are unhelpful.Take one evening which we asked them to make us reservations for. Firstly it took them 30 minutes to bring an iron to our room which meant that we were late leaving. We then got to the restaurant to find out that the hotel concierge had not changed the table reservation as we had asked them to which meant that we were 45 mins early. We were therefore late finishing dinner so, when we got to the jazz club which the hotel had booked for us, we were no longer able to get in as the club had a cut-off time for entrants - a fact which the hotel forgot to tell us about.The rooms are reasonably sized and equipped but the bathrooms are dated. Whereas the hotel in Paris has large bathrooms with modern fittings, the bathoom here looks tired and needs ripping out. The communal areas in the NY hotel are almost non-existant which means that it feels that you are alomst entering an appartment block rather than a hotel. Again, compare with the Plaza Athenee - the lobby and bar are impressive.Overall, I wouldnt recommend staying at this hotel and will certaintly not be staying there again next time I am in NY.	
Mar 13 2008 	Love NY	Third time in New York - best time so far. Besides the chilling weather we had a wonderful stay. The Plaza Athenee is a beautiful boutique hotel - I can highly recommend it. Our room was spacious and niely furnished - service is perfect from start to finish.	
Feb 16 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	This is an elegant hotel with good service in a great location. It is on a pretty street on the upper East Side. The rooms are very nicely furnished and have a desk. The hotel is quiet and there are no hordes anywhere. The hotel restaurant is beautiful with delicious food. Throughout the hotel and restaurant, the staff is attentive but not intrusive. It is within walking distance of other great restaurants, Madison Avenue shops and Central Park. It is a quick cab ride to the museums. The concierge patiently provide multiple dinner and entertainment options and came up with last minute reservations to the theater and exclusive restaurants. Yes, the bathrooms are small and the breakfast rather expensive. Also, we booked our rooms on the internet and did not get a suite for the price of a hotel room. If that is how you judge a hotel then this is probably not the place for you.	
Jan 4 2008 	Excellent	An excellent hotel with a European intimate feel. The rooms are very comfortable, though the bathroom products are a bit plain.Service is very good. The concierge service is excellent and special mention should be made of Rick Cook and his colleagues for their knowledge and discernment in restaurant reservations.Rajen Dalal, U.K.	
Nov 25 2007 	Beautiful and charming with perfect location	I was very happy with this hotel. It was lovely and luxurious, friendly and gracious. The location is fantastic: About a block from Central Park and the zoo - which also means it's a block from Fifth Avenue. Madison Avenue's designer shops were about a half-block away--fun for window-shopping, even if you don't buy! The hotel is on the Upper East Side, but you can get to Midtown very easily. Excellent concierge service, yummy food and great service at the hotel's restaurant, incredibly comfortable bed all contributed to a wonderful stay.	
Oct 17 2007 	Bad experience this time...	I have to go to New York every few months, and have stayed at the Plaza Athenee a number of times. This time, I found it to be much less than satifsfactory. First, the room cost $650 (for room 411), a dingy interior room without a view. The TV system was antiquated (as was the TV) and was far below par. Signal was bad, worked only intermittently. My laptop had as big a screen (and was flat to boot). It also didn't work, and the engineers had to call the cable company to disappear the blank screen.The Internet connection was wired only, with far too short an internet cable attached with one of those ugly weights to prevent you stealing something as precious as a 3ft piece of Cat-5. No wireless in the room.One always has the impression that Manhattan is a place where you go to get your excess money removed, and the Pl. Ath. doesn't help that. Silly things like adding $6.00 per person AS WELL AS a service charge to the already expensive room service menu are mere irritants, but conflate with the other things to leave a bad taste in your mouth: one of being underhandedly ripped off.The decor is beautiful, and the staff are friendly and helpful. This was the reason I went back. But the fact that it was overpriced, and I felt cheated meant that I was constantly thinking that I wouldn't go back there. The fact that it took just under an hour for the folks to retrieve my car was the final straw. For these prices, they should have enough people to go fetch cars.Nice people, over-priced, and falling below acceptable standards for the money charged. Not a good experience this time.	
Jul 26 2007	Nice place	Luxury hotel - good staff and comfortable.Location good.Room comfortable but low level with no view and in a hiden away corner. When I asked for a change I got the old ' sorry sir the hotel is full routine' not sure how true this was didn't feel full.Overall good however.	
Jul 17 2007 	Not At All What I Expected	I had the misfortune of staying at the hotel during the air conditioning fiasco as well but that is indicative of a bigger problem at the Plaza Athenee -- unevenness in staffing. I arrived at the hotel for check-in at about 5 pm and was told that my room wasn't ready. When I asked about the large fans I was assured that the problem would be resolved by 6pm. I left the hotel looking for a cool spot to relax (and a little shopping). I returned to the hotel about 7pm to find that the a/c was still broken but my room was available. I asked to be put on the wait list for the soon to arrive portable a/c units and went to my room. Not a word apologizing for the heat or asking if they could help with the luggage. They did offer me a warm bottle of water. I let myself into my room (the bellman were busy running around delivering water so they were at least trying to help) to find average accommodations and melted cookies. The closet held a fluffy robe and slippers. At least someone was trying to make it pleasant. The furnishing are dated and a little worn but the room itself was spacious. The bed and linens were lovely. The bathroom was not quite spotless which is a big negative against the Housekeeping staff. I had an evening engagement downtown and left for the evening with assurances that I would have a/c upon my return. Guess not as I returned to a room that was almost 84 degrees -- at 12:30 am. When I called the front desk she told me that there were no a/c units available. What happened to earlier promises of a/c or the portable unit? She couldn't say. I did ask her to prepare my bill as I would be leaving directly to go to another hotel. Yes at 1am....it was that bad. Low and behold 5minutes later a portable unit arrived. The gentlemen installing the unit were as kind as they could be particularly after what must have been a long day. They even smiled!After a fair night's sleep I awoke to find that room service would not be available as the electric was off to fix the a/c Hmm. And when I got to the front door I too had to schlep down the block to Madison to hail a cab in the rain while the doorman watched from under the awning.To recap the grades: Check-In staff a C, Housekeeping staff a D for dirty, Doorman rate a C as they did open the door for me on the way in and Room Service is a question mark as they were not functioning.Overall a very uneven stay in terms of the service provided. And I paid rack rate for the pleasure. In NYC there are just to many great hotels to risk a stay here. Try The Lowell and you'll never need wonder if the staff is well trained to deal with a set-back. Hotel Plaza Athenee just isn't worth the risk or the $$$. I know that many of you ready this is say that a hotel can't really be responsible for the air conditioning failure however they are responsible for the way in which they dealt with it and this hotel got a failing grade in that department.	
Jul 8 2007 	I will come back with my wife.	I have enjoyed the restaurant where I lunched with business associates. The incident with the air-conditioning was unfortunate, indeed, but the staff went out of their way to accommodate us and even bought an air-conditioning unit for my room. It was my first stay at this amazing hotel. The service was top class and the employees go the extra mile for you, literally.	
Jul 5 2007 	Plaza Athenee Simply superb best we’ve ever had in New York.	I spent a weekend in New York at the Plaza Athenee with my wife and daughter. We had a fabulous stay. Friendly, polite and warm attention by staff upon check in was very noticeable. Room was luxurious, nicely designed and simply beautiful. Friendly and professional staff made our stay as if it was our home. Loved the personal service involved in the Check in process. During our first night there was an AC problem. But the hotel staff went above and beyond to provide alternatives. Next day we noticed hotel had even hired an outside AC company to provide AC. Very comfortable linen and pillows were divine.Concierges were most helpful and knowledgeable with our queries and theater reservations. I recommend shrimp trio for dinner at Bar Seine. Simply delicious!Upon our departure a late check out and an adjustment to the bill was offered by the lovely agent at the Front Desk to compensate for the fact that our first night there was a portable AC unit. Simply superb, best we’ve ever had in New York.	
Jul 2 2007 	Air Conditioning Fiasco	Upon checking in, was told there had been a problem with the air conditioning but that it had been resolved. That was a misrepresentation: Our room was eighty-five degrees when we arrived, with warm air coming out of the vents. Seven hours later, after dinner and theatre, the temperature was a balmy eighty-two degrees, and the a/c still was not working. The front desk confessed that the problem had not been fixed, as we were told when we checked in. As we left for another hotel -- the wonderful London/NYC -- we were assured we would not be charged. But, alas, upon our return home, and after reviewing my AMEX bill, we were charged $800, well in excess of the $350 rate we had checked in under. An attempt to speak with someone in authority at the hotel to get a refund resulted in my being dumped into an assistant manager's voicemail; my recorded request for a refund is still pending.	
Jun 21 2007	Understated luxury	Stayed in the Plaza Athenee in June and loved the hotel. It is luxurious without being pretentious, and the staff (reception, concierge etc) were all very helpful, including making some very good suggestions for dinner.We had a &quot;traditional&quot; room which is their cheapest type, and although it had no view other than a nearby wall that was no problem. Besides, you dont go to NY to sit in your room looking out the window! Our room was very spacious, clean and comfortable, with lots of cupboard space and drawers for all that shopping! The bathroom was also reasonable in size and clean, with lots of fluffy towels and robes and slippers. A copy of the New York Times is delivered to the room every morning and there is also a turndown service at night.Location wise it was also very good, close to central park and all the shops and restaurants on fifth, madisson ave and lexington ave. Lex ave subway is also a 5min walk away, if you want to use it. I think this area is a much better location than Times Square, which is much noisier, dirtier and &quot;touristy&quot;.If you can get a good rate it is definitely worth paying a little extra and staying here, you wont regret it.	
May 23 2007 	The best service!	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful stay at the Plaza Athenee and I can't say enough about the amazing staff there. From the check in to the doormen to the wonderful concierge staff, everyone went out of their way to make us feel at home. We had a lovely room, which although it didn't have a view, was extremely spacious and had tons of closet space (very useful considering the amount of shopping we did).We'll be back for sure.	
Apr 30 2007 	Nice enough but.......	We spent three nights--long weekend--recently. It's a lovely facility; staff is helpful and good humored. We booked through my company's travel service, and had a decent corporate rate for this hotel--$285 per night for a 'traditional' room. It was fine; no view, but that was no big deal since we spent most of our time out of the hotel. Normally these 6th floor rooms go for $500+, so I was perplexed when the second day we had no washclothes--had to ask twice for some--and the next day we were short one towel. And one night at turndown, we only received one chocolate! I know this sounds petty but for a hotel of this caliber it's the little annoyances that get to you.Larger concerns--we were charged $16+ per day for internet access. When I mentioned it at checkout, the desk clerk smiled ruefully and said that many people complained about the charge.Breakfast in the dining room was delicious but wildly overpriced. After the first morning, we had breakfast at a great litter diner called 'Viand' on Madison a couple of blocks south. Cheap, tasty and cheerful in a New York sort of way.	
Mar 15 2007	Good but...	This was my third stay in the Plaza Athenee, and until this time, the hotel was obviously good enough to merit going back to regularly. The check in was efficient, courteous and they had a room available before the normal check in time. The only problem I had with the hotel was that this time, the put me on the lowest floor possible, whcih was the floor housing the conference facility. Whilst there was nothing wrong with the room but In the past, I was assigned room on much higher floor, and this was the first time being given a lowest floor room. I wonder if they are sending a message? Thankfully, as I had a lot of meetings, I did not stay in the room a lot. Next time, I shall perhaps try another hotel....	
Nov 8 2006 	Great service everything else lacking	Recently stay ath the P-A and was very impressed with the attentiveness of the staff. However, extremely dissappointed with the room for the price $595/night. Room 308 faces a brick wall, small average room and the bathroom is very small. Had prefixe dinner at Arabelle's, again staff was wonderful, however, the quality of the meal was disappointing. Skipped complementary breakfast and checked out a day early.Chose the hotel because it is a small european hotel and in the past have had excellent service at other LHW hotels.Would not stay here again.	
Aug 28 2006 	very nice place	I stayed here for two nights on business recently and found the hotel to be delightful. The staff was courteous and efficient and quick to offer assistance. Really enjoyed the bar as it is well decorated and has excellent service.The rooms are quiet and comfortable and pretty sizeable compared to other NYC hotels I've stayed in. The workout room is on the small side, but is clean and offers chilled towels and water. And best of all, they don't charge you for it after you've already shelled out $400+ for a room like they do at the Hilton!Everything was just right and I would definitely recommend this place.	
Jun 9 2006 	Words from a repeat customer.	It is reassuring to “come home” to this hotel after running around the city all day. I feel comfortable at the Plaza Athenee and am well-pleased with the environment-----until I step into the bathroom.Guys, you gotta do something about those bathrooms. Zero counter space around the sink. Narrow shelves built into the walls. Okay, there was a trolley cart to set my shaving kit on. Thank you for that.I need more counter space and shelf space. And I’m only one person. What must it be like when two people share a room? (I’d be curious to see what the bathrooms in the suites look like.)My ideal hotel room would be a Plaza Athenee bedroom attached to a Four Seasons bathroom. That would be nice.On the day I checked in, I received a gold box of Belgian chocolates with a note from the manager welcoming me back to the hotel. Those chocolates were tasty! I called downstairs and asked if there was a store nearby that sold them. They directed me to Leonidas on Madison between 52nd and 51st. I walked there and bought gifts which were a hit with the folks back home. I admire the Plaza Athenee’s concierge staff. Dependable. Knowledgeable. Efficient.My room rate was 445/night. The various taxes came to 63/night-----bringing total room charges to 508/night.	
Mar 22 2006 	A few provisos	Reporting from a suite at the P-A on the eve of departure: having read the previous reviews, a few thoughts are in order.1) Spacious rooms - not by NYC comparison. The same money gets you twice the square footage at the Four Seasons, for example, and nearly that at the Pen (and a hell of a lot nicer bathrooms). You do get into the realm of an &quot;institutional-size&quot; hotel, though. Know that the bathrooms at the P-A are small, as in lowriding castiron tubs, and quite dated.2) Room Service, while prompt, is well suited to those in the mood for a club sandwich or similar. Anything vaguely past casual or junk food is a culinary tragedy. The restaurant, Arabelle, is good and you can order from their menu, which is quite nice, but comes at a hefty price.3) The Service is good, but not beyond what you get anywhere else in this price category. The front desk could use a course in hospitality since the business-side of the hotel is run with an iron fist. (Early checkin or late departure are only available if you're ready to pay for another night)4) If you're a junior-suite kind of traveler, this is not the place for you. They have nice regular suites and double rooms, but what they offer when you ask for a &quot;junior suite&quot; is a darkish dungeon with one small window, a small bathroom, lots of floor but only one chair and a desk to accompany the bed.So, why do I stay here? It is a smaller more intimate hotel than the other fivestar properties in the city. The location is just far enough from midtown to offer a bit more residential feel. I personally think the bathrooms are awful but they go with the program and I'll take the trade - I'm here to get away from the grand chill of the megahotels, and if it costs a soaking tub, so be it.If you are in the same accomodation-frame of mind, do consider the Mark Hotel (Mandarin Oriental-run) on East 76th Street. It's a minute notch below the P-A service-wise, but the rooms (the suites, at least) are bigger, as are the baths, and the neighborhood is more interesting if you like to walk to dinner.Hope this helps.	
Feb 21 2006 	Impecable Service!	I stayed at the Plaza Athenee this past weekend. It is a beautiful hotel. Very inviting once you get in the door. The room was beautiful desk and sitting area. The service was amazing. Room service very prompt my $21.00 club sandwich arrived on a roll table in about 15 minutes. Staff was friendly and helpful. Location is perfect if you want to shop at the high end stores on Madison Ave. Not really perfect to go and grab a little something to bring back to the room for dinner. I would go back again in a New York Minute!	
Sep 7 2005	Truely a Five Star Hotel	Everything about this hotel is excellent. From it's location to the spacious rooms to the exceptional staff who offered fantastic service. Truely a five star hotel.	
Aug 1 2005 	Excellent Service and Great Room for New York	I never expect too much of hotels in New York (when will they ever learn to put in decent showers and have quiet a/c?) but the Plaza Athenee is the best I have stayed in yet. A wonderfully comfortable room, immaculately kept and the hotel staff were excellent. I would definitely look to stay here again.	
Jul 28 2005 	World Class Again	I hadn't stayed at the Plaza Athenee for years. I stayed there regularly in the late 1990s but switched due to the unfriendly service and the less-convenient location. I had changed to the New York Palace, the Essex House, and the Ritz Carlton, all great hotels for business and charming too. One of my colleagues urged me to try the hotel again, claiming that the service had improved and the hotel was once again in top condition. He was so right. The service was welcoming and right on point, the hotel looked beautiful, and my room was deluxe and full of charm. My friends were delighted to meet me at the hotel and the breakfast meeting I hosted went off without a hitch. I also really enjoyed the restaurant recommended by the concierge, Michael, which is on Madison at 66th--Frederick's on Madison. This hotel will be my top choice for both business and personal travel for New York City from now on, and I've stayed at beautiful hotels all over the world.	
Jul 1 2005	Wonderful		
Apr 29 2005	Above 5-star		
Mar 21 2005	Excellent service		
Feb 28 2005	Great hotel -- great staff		
May 31 2004	A private hideaway in a wonderful city		
Apr 5 2004	not so romantic to stay here		
Mar 26 2004	Really Great Place		
Feb 21 2004	Superb Service and Accommodations		
Sep 3 2003	loved the suite		
Jul 1 2003	Absolutely Loved the Plaza Athenee		
Oct 26 2009 	Tip-Top		
