Oct 29 2009 	Excellent business hotel in Chaoyang	I've been travelling to and even occasionally living in Beijing for over 25 years; this is the best business hotel I've stayed in there in several years. Beijing is huge so you need to make sure it's the right area for you, but if you want or need to be in Chaoyang this is an excellent location, convenient for a wide variety of transport and speedy access to/from airport (about 55 RMB for a cab).Best thing about the place is the lighting in the rooms -- very bright reading lights inset in the ceiling, but adjustable in their brightness, plus variety of subtle lighting in bath and rest of room. I find almost all business hotels do not give me the right amount of light to read, work, and relax, but this one did, plus it has floor to ceiling windows for additional natural light when the smog doesn't make that irrelevant. Good sized desk and wifi working about as well as it does anywhere in BJ. 12 euros gets you use of it for a day in your room.Bathrooms very nice with pale marble and 'wet room' style shower; nice (non-branded but v acceptable) body wash, soaps, etc.Staff personable, friendly, try very hard to be helpful.Breakfast buffet one of largest and best I've ever seen, ample choices of Japanese, Chinese, Western, Korean, Indian, etc. Only minus: no cranberry juice - but they do have mango!;-)Only weird points were that there's no printed info in room on restuarant hours and other hotel services -- it's all in various screens on the TV, but navigating around that is a pain and v slow. A few pieces of paper would have been welcome! Other shortcoming was that gorgeous appearing spa and beauty salon only offer bizarre elaborate rituals and nothing 'normal' like pedicure and manicure (tip to the wise traveller: on 4/F of Yaxiu Market, about 15 mins away by cab, you can get an excellent manicure for 60 EMB -- so never mind the expensive spa!) No idea who the spa is marketed at, it seems a bit new agey and over the top for business visitors. Pool area is gorgeous in design, wished had brought my swimsuit even though BJ doesn't normally inspire thoughts of swimmingSkip cofffee or drinks in the lobby, the prices are ridiculous (7 euros for coffee?!?!).Beds some of comfiest have found in China: firm enough but not impossibly so; nice duvets with high thread count and hugely light and fluffy.I could do without the endless exhortations to 'be renewed' (how kitschy) but the overall feeling was certainly excellent.	
Oct 14 2009 	A decent hotel but not one I'd feel the need to go back to	The hotel is located about 20 minutes from the city centre opposite the Lufthansa centre, near lots of other large hotels and by the motorway. I'm sure the location is fine if you have business in the area and you just need a hotel base but otherwise it's not great.I have to admit I'm shocked to learn that the hotel was only just over a year old as my partner and I thought it must be 10 years old at least..... It's a big international chain hotel and there are some areas that do look quite modern but many of the fixtures &amp; fittings honestly don't give the impression that it's new.The room size was ok, the bed was comfortable, the desk was very well equipped and the bathroom offered plenty of privacy despite the frosted/clear glass divide. There was an odd situation with the mini bar/snacks where every day we came back some different items had been removed. They tried to charge us for some even though we pointed it out as soon as it happened but in my experience hotels often try and charge for things.There was free internet in the lobby but they charged £12/day to have it in your room which I think is disgraceful. Seems to be the case with a number of the more expensive hotels to be fair.The pool was lovely.... huge and almost empty... and whilst I didn't try the gym or the spa, I suspect it was good too.We only tried the buffet restaurant as the others were all closed during the 60th anniversary celebrations and there was a decent spread. Lots of choice, good value and reasonable quality.At the end of the day, the hotel was fine and it had some good points but it wasn't especially amazing and the location was terrible. It would be fine for some people - just not for what we wanted.	
Oct 1 2009 	good experience	The Hotel is a really 5 stars Hotel, great Lobby, great Rooms, clean and full of amenities.A few interesting bars and restaurants, Club Floor is spacious and confortable.The only minus is the place, not so central as for example the Grand Hyatt.Price is on the high range but in Beijing if you want quality you must be ready to pay for it.Recommended for Business meetings.	
Sep 25 2009 	Short of 5-star quality in a pricey Beijing neighborhood	Okay, I spent 14 nights at this hotel on a recent business trip as it was within walking distance to business meetings and here's my take...Despite the staff''s lack of language fluency they go out of their way to accomodate the guests almost to the point of being too deferential. This is probably due to a management policy and over time something that I came accustomed to.The floor I was assigned had a stringent odor somewhat akin to liquid shoe polish, probably a cleaning agent, which permiated the rooms. If all floors have this issue, those who easily demonstrate respiratory distress towards certain chemicals may wish to avoid this hotel.The room was quite large and accomodating. There is a glazed window over the tub which provides additional light into the bathroom from the bedroom which some find objectionable. I found it to be quite functional. The shower has the traditional Euro-wand as well as an overhead rain-fall shower head. Neither provided the water pressure I was accustomed to at home. Both the shower stall and the water closet have glass doors.The full-length picture window provides some astounding vistas of the city and is provided with a motorised blind which totally cuts out light for those attempting to overcome jet-lag.There are sufficient restaurants within the hotel to satisfy even the most discriminating palate but look elsewhere for there are cheaper finds nearby.I found the fifth floor pool and exercise room to be quite accomodating. Each have their own attendant to aid you.There is an executive lounge on the top floor which offers evening finger-food and drinks as well as PCs for internet access. Broadband WiFi is available in each room at an additional cost.The hotel offers transportation to and from Beijing Capital International Airport as well as taxi service. Be cautioned though, the airport transport service is 6 times more expensive than a taxi. If you're in a hurry though it may well be worth it.The nearest metro stop is just outside the front door and provides simple reliable transport to whatever quarter of the city you wish to explore. It is in fact cheaper and faster than taking a taxi.In summary, whilst I have not stayed at another Westin hotel, I found this particular establishment to be short of the 5-star quality I'm accustomed to. Pricing seems more what the market will bear than for services being rendered.	
Sep 14 2009 	hi-tech 	Westin Beijing hotel is the evidence of how improvements could be achieved by designing new hotels.Staying here I experienced impressive large rooms (60 sqm), high-tech equipped (working desk, bath wall windowed to the bed, rainforest shower,...) and really soundproof which for me is a must.Moreover a state-of-art fitness equipped with Techno-gym top-quality treadmills, sauna and steam bath with plunge pools and last but not least a glass-caged very large indoor pool with cabanas beds all around.Luthansa shopping centre just across the road and hard rock cafe walking distance.Real ranking has to definitively higher for a 180 Euros including breakfast!	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice property but front desk staff were terrible	Stayed at the Westin Chaoyang in March 09 for 3 nights. We had just checked out of The Regent Hotel in Beijing so our expectations were very high. Upon arrival we had issues with our requests with the front desk staff and on top of this they were rude. My initial thought was to leave however we were pushed for time and had tours booked from The Westin. After a official compaint to the management team at the Westin Chaoyang the issue was addressed and our request was attended to. The manager also took the time to send us some champagne and chocolates to compensate us for the bad first impression. As for the rooms, they were clean and spacious in standard with most Westin hotels worldwide.After reading all the other reviews from the time i stayed there until now, it looks like the Westin is continually having service issues so if you are looking for 5* hotel in Beijing try The Regent - unbelievable hotel with exceptional service!	
Aug 27 2009 	Extremely impressive rooms but unimpressive service	This hotel truly impresses with its absolutely gorgeous and extremely spacious rooms as previously described in great details by other reviewers.  However ,it fails to delivers in terms of service. Most staff are not articulate in English and we have problems communicating our needs at times.The seemingly inexperienced staff do not appear friendly and even cold at timesas they usually do not put on a smile. The personalised service we expect of Westin somehow did not livee up to expectations	
Aug 22 2009 	look no further this is the place to stay	this is one of the nicest hotels i have ever stayed in. the room is very plush and comfortable, with electronic drapes, night lights, a flat screen tv, a touch screen phone. relaxing colors and textures are everywhere in the room and the beds are very plush. about the only really weird feature of the room is in the bathroom where the doors to the toilet room and shower are made of glass and only the center third is frosted leaving the top third and bottom third completely clear so there is no privacy. we hung a towel over the handle of the toilet room door. the business center is efficient and helpful (and expensive). we did not eat the buffets at the restaurant but we saw the lunch buffet and it looked amazing. we did not try the spa but walked through it on the way to the pool and it looked incredible. pool was large and indoors. the hard rock cafe is just across the street. if you’re looking for a western hotel in beijing this is the one.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fantastic great for business or pleasure	Stayed here for two nights on a holiday; I have stayed in all Starwood hotels in Beijing and though I rate St Regis as the best, this is the one I will return to next time as it is the best value. Differences in quality are minor, while the Westin is a much newer hotel with more modern furnishings. I stayed in a Corner Room (the largest beside suites)Positives: - fully automated window blinds between two layers of glasses were a nice touch, including in the bathrooms. - great vanities and shower heads etc in the bathroom. OK views even from bathroom. (Other reviews about no privacy in bathroom is a bit silly, even though theres a window, people cant see you from the outside; if paranoid, just press one button and you have complete privacy).- clean, modern, natural furnishings, especially loved the fresh flowers around the room, the Osim uSqueeze foot massager, and the BOSE CD/Radio alarm. The furniture was so tasteful and comfortable.- gym, pool, and sauna were all fantastic- location - not the BEST location in beijing (which would be around wangfujing or jiangguomen, or nearby), but it is right next door to a metro station, which is often faster than taxis in beijing. Its also close to Sanlitun by taxi, and close to several high quality massage places. If you are one of those tourists who need to taxi everywhere, this hotel is probably not for you. If you catch the metro sometimes, and taxi home when coming home late at night, this hotel is perfect. As it is a new hotel, some taxi drivers will not know how to get to this hotel. This is VERY common in beijing, and cannot fault the hotel. Simply say it is next to Liangmaqio di tie zhan (metro station). Also very close to airport by taxi!Negatives:- the bed was comfortable, but the sheets were far too complex. I know Westin takes pride in its bed set, but I dont understand how anyone needs 5 layers (including two thick quilts) in a normal climate controlled room. First night I woke up in the middle of the night sweating all over. Second night i was determined to remove one of the thick quilts, but that was not an easy task without ruining the entire bed set.- room service food: over priced, and quite bad with western food. I ordered a salmon eggs benedict, and somehow it came with cooked salmon pieces instead of smoked salmon, and no hollandaise sauce. Almond croissant had no almond inside, just almond pieces on the top and some sugar powder. Creme brulee was also exceptionally small by normal standards. (see pictures). For some reason chinese hotels ALWAYS burn your toast, then scrap off the burnt ash..- level of english with staff - if you cannot speak any mandarin, you WILL be able to manage with just english at this hotel, but the staff's command of english is poorer than at St Regis. If you order a creme brulee, they mispronounce brulee. Some staff may have difficulty understanding.Overall I loved the rooms and all the interior decorations and found the location quite good.	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice rooms poor service	I stayed her for 10 days on a business trip. My mother was a guest during my stay. The rooms were very nice. We had a corner room with fantastic views and weren't at all disturbed by other guests in the hallways. The beds were very comfortable, the shower heads fantastic. The service on the other hand was very bad. I had previously stayed at the Marriott in Beijing &amp; Shanghai and expected the Westin to have better services, such as English speaking staff, concierge suggestions for restaurants, etc. Unfortunately this was not the case. Several times, the concierge directed us to closed restaurants or gave the doormen/taxi drivers incorrect addresses. The staff at check in &amp; check out and concierge desk did not understand much English. The worst part was the unfriendliness and attitude from the staff.We had access to the business lounge and usually found that the staff there were very nice and helpful. They booked two of our dinner reservations, when the concierge was unable to. However that wasn't consistent either; my mother was almost denied breakfast one morning when she was alone; we think it was because she was dressed very casually that day. She complained and they then showered her with attention, however, it came after a week of having problem after problem. None of the problems were major, however, it seemed there was something different every day and we were tired by the time we checked out.Despite my business level, I was charged for internet use in my room. During the first days of our stay, a delegation from Turkey was there (I'm pretty sure the president), which meant that the front of the hotel was closed off to everyone else, we were directed to enter &amp; exit the hotel through the rear. I wasn't able to get a massage, b/c there weren't enough staff available when I tried to book. Overall, the rooms are great. If you don't need extra help from staff or concierge, it's an ok place to stay. What made it bearable for us, was that my company was paying for the room. Had I paid with personal funds, I would have rated this hotel much lower.	
Jul 9 2009 	No taxis no where this is. No privacy of bathroom.	It's a new hotel so taxi drivers have no clue where it is. I made the mistake of stepping out without their address card. Took me an hour to find a taxi that could take me back and that was only after tracking down the hotel phone number and having them talk to the driver. By the way I speak Mandarin.The rooms were obviously designed by Chinese people because there is no privacy for the bathroom. Only stay here with another person if you are comfortable defacating and showering in front of them.	
Jun 28 2009 	The only place to stay in Beijing	Stayed with my wife 10 days on first trip to Beijing. Everything about this hotel was superb- reception, facilities, food and warm, warm welcome - not something I've found in over 40 years staying in hotels of this class! We had a great time - everyone was helpful and attentive. A real high spot was the Sunday Brunch - quite the most spectacular we've ever encountered. We're going back!! Nowhere else will do in Beijing for us	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent	Excellent stay in Beijing. My family knows that I have high standards when it comes to where i lay my head and the Westin Chaoweng does not dissappoint! My three teens were highly impressed by the Sunday buffet (from caviar to champagne to kid friendly pasta etc)and proximity to the Sanlitun (diplomatic Quarter) shopping and night life and the fact that one of their fav soccer players was staying there at the same time time as us. For me its the Westin heavenly bed and the little touches that make the difference such as candles in the lobby and by the pool. staff .which incidentatlly rivals the best pools i have seen particularly for a hotel smack in the middle of a city- it has a real resort feel. The staff were well trined and discreet. My husband spent alot of his time in the Gym which is pretty amazing-state of the art equipment. Downsides: there are not a whole lot of retaurants right around. Have to walk about five mins but taxis are plentiful and we actually liked walking in that area so it wasnt a problem for us. The food in the hotel was excellent and we definitely will stay there again.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Hotel for a weekend getaway in the city...	I reside in Beijing and stayed at this hotel with my wife for a weekend getaway. Reception staff were very welcoming and we were fortunate to be upgraded to a suite, which had a lovely bedroom and seperate sitting/dining area. Various hotel managers made it a point to go out of their way to introduce themselves and ensure that we had a pleasant stay. The Hotel GM even got out of bed at 330am to assist me, which is an example of the service and personal touch the hotel provides. As we live in Beijing we frequent the restaurants and clubs as well. Touch has one of the best mixed drink menus I've seen and Mix has a great ambiance and beer selection.	
May 24 2009 	Nice stay	Hotel staff are nice and helpful. The hotel facillity esp. swimming pool and gym are new and very good.Yuyi shopping center is opposite the hotel, but the goods price is much more expensive ( when compare with other shopping center)The convenience store(7/11) is quite long walk.Nightlife around hotel is not so much fun and seems quiet.Subway station is in front of hotel and fare is cheap ( only 2 yuan) .In April you can feel uncomfortable due to sandstorm.	
Apr 26 2009 	A solid choice for business with very good fitness center	A new, well appointed hotel for business less than 30 minutes from Beijing airport and convenient for business in the eastern side of the city.Pros:- large, well appointed rooms with comfortable beds- well above average fitness center with new TechnoGym cardio and weight machines. Roughly a dozen cardio machines, including 8 treadmills and a few elliptical trainers. Weight machines selection very good for a hotel.- quiet, no street noise- efficient check in / out and helpful bell staffCons:- breakfast buffet seemed overpriced for what was offered. Maybe look for a room rate that includes breakfast especially if you're travelling more than one to a roomOverall a pleasant hotel stay in a very new hotel with attentive staff. Would stay there again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great new hotel need work on the food	Spent a night here in October. I had been in the hotel during the Olympics, but hadn't stayed there, and wanted to give it a try. I must day, I was really impressed. The style is typical contemporary style of the new Westins, but with a bit of a Chinese touch. Rooms were spacious, well equipped, and luxurious. I had a great view over the East Third Ring Road, and could in the distance see the new CCTV building (had blue sky in Beijing, what a rare treat). Even had buttons to open/close the drapes and blackout. Had a separate tub and rain forest shower, very comfortable bed, just a very nice design. My only complaint is that I felt the TV's were a little small for the room size. You have a beautiful, spacious room, and then their is a small TV i felt like I was having to squint my eyes almost to watch. But overall, a very small thing in the scope of things. I mean, if their first guest was the President of the US, (stayed here because of renovations at St. Regis, their usual place) along with the whole traveling White House, than I guess it is good enough for me. Another (small) problem is that a lot of cabs didn't know where the hotel was, or its name even. As a speaker of Chinese, most times it ended up me just giving them directions on how to get there. Had lunch at &quot;Taste,&quot; and it felt like they were still working out the kinks. I had lunch there with a friend, and just a few things kinda off. I asked for iced tea, they served me canned nestea, just poured into a glass (was kind-of hoping for some brewed iced tea at these prices), Also, I was sitting at our table with my friend for almost 20 minutes before someone came to take our order. (plus another 10 for my drink) It also seemed as a whole they were trying too hard to be &quot;new&quot; and &quot;chic.&quot; For example, the menu made food sound wayyy more fancy than what came out on the plate. I've eaten at many fancy restaurants, and there was a disconnect between what was described on the menu compared to the flavors of the food. Plus the portions left me hungry about an hour and a half later (and i had a soup, salad, and entree). Also had a room service experience, food was decent, but took them about twice as long as I was expecting it should have taken. It shouldn't take 45 minutes for a club sandwich. Overall, I absolutely loved the room and the hotel staff was great, met my needs very easily. However, when it came to the food part, there seems to be some things that need to be fixed. Hopefully they already have been.	
Apr 19 2009 	This Hotel Is the Best in Beijing!!	Was in Beijing for 4 days in April for work. Stayed first two nights at the Sheraton Great Wall. It was a great dive so we packed are bags and walked accross the street to the Westin. Brand new ,great staff and the room was one of the best I have ever seen. I could not find the TV till I discovered it electronicley came out of the end of my king size Bed.This is a simple review. STAY AT THE WESTIN!!!	
Jan 17 2009 	Fantastic new hotel ...	The Westin Chaoyang was a fantastic place to stay during our visit to Beijing last August during the Olympics. We stayed a couple nights and were able to use Starwood points booking just a couple weeks out. With my husband's SPG Platinum status we were also upgraded to a suite. Off to a good start so far!The room had a TV the retracted up and down in front of the bed! Very kewl! The bathrooms were beautiful and very spacious. The SPG lounge was quite enjoyable as well. A variety of snacks in the afternoon made for a nice respite along with both a Chinese and American breakfast served each morning.Unfortunately our time in Beijing was spent mostly outside of the hotel seeing the sites and visiting the Oympics venues. The location was great and convenient to shopping as it right next to a subway stop! The subway system with so many new lines was just a breeze to figure out. Good signage and maps everywhere. A lot easier than my first trip about 12 years ago! The hotel also has a fantastic little foldout map with all the subway stops and all the major attractions. I even kept an extra one with my souvenirs!There were no issues with personnel at the Westin. In fact, they were very helpful with all of our questions and needs throughout our stay. The extra security due to the delegations of Saudi Arabia, U.S. and others being there wasn't a big deal. Probably more secure than if Bush and company weren't staying there! Loved seing the Secret Service all over looking like Westin employees.We would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 21 2008 	Make Your Feel Special	I checked into the Westin Chaoyang for a night with my girlfriend for her birthday. They upgraded us to a suite, had a bottle of chilled champagne ready, sent a limo to pick us up and had a cd of romantic music ready and waiting in the cd player. They have bathologists here who will &quot;prepare&quot; your bathtub at the time you specify and the way you want it. We went with the Arabic style. There were flower petals strewn in the tub, bath salts and the water was the perfect temp. This is just an example of the many signature touches which make this one of the best hotel experiences in Beijing. We ate at Grange, their flagship restaurant, which offers 15 different types of mustard for your steak. We later had facials in the couples suite of the Heavenly Spa. They really took care of us and we appreciated feeling right at home. Oh yes, there is also a must-try Osmi massage chair in each suite! Me and my girlfriend took turns as trying this out. The only bad thing was the windows. The wind was quite strong and as the window didn't close 100% tight, it made aloud whistling sound. But one phone call to the front desk solved that as they taped it right up. The service is extremely friendly, attentive and eager. It's a great option if you are really looking for that totally personalized, extremely memorable experience. Needless to say, my girlfriend was very pleased!	
Dec 14 2008 	"New Kid On the Block"	Being a Starwood Platinum Preferred Guest we were upgraded to a beautiful suite. The hotel is georgous, crisp and new! The Swimming Pool area is breathtaking - definitely worth a visit if not a swim. The restaurants although look very inviting leave you feeling frustrated as the food is &quot;awful and overpriced&quot; - nothing they serve is what the menu describes it to be. They are trying too hard it seems. If you plan not to eat there then you will find little to complain about.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Hotel	When I visit Beijing I usually stay accross the road at the Kunlun,which is a good quality hotel but the Westin is on another level.At the beginning of the year I saw the Westin being built and I was looking forward to try it out.We booked 4 rooms for two nights.Sadly the bright and modern entrance hall feels rather cold,although spacious.The rooms are excellent, I was in a standard room and it was big enough, very comfortable with a very good quality bed,good bathroom and fantastic shower shame that the glass panelseparating the room to the bathroom is slightly see-throughand for this reason it does not feel very private.My biggest &quot;complaint&quot; which it is sadly normal reaccurancefor modern built hotels is the lack of drawer space (plentyof room on the cupboards though) so for somebody likemyself with a lot of folded shirts you do not have place to putthem unless you use the cupboard floor or you put them on top of the safe or leave them in the lugguage.Service is generally of high standard but to be noted that duringour stay the hotel was rather empty so I guess staff had moretime for each client.Breakfast is excellent, with a fantasic choice.I will definetely stay here again soon and I would recommend this hotel to anybody visiting Beijing.	
Nov 5 2008 	Westin Chaoyang - First Class	My partner won the holiday on Heart Radio, when he told me I wasnt to keen, I'm a beach person, but knew would never book a holiday like this.The hotel was incredible, the service was very good, the room was very comfortable, the bed was heavenly! had no problem with the glass in bathroom, in fact the bathroom was lovely, when we arrived there I couldn't wait to have a bath and relax for once in a lovely bathroom, normally shower, so always on the hurry.The room was always cleaned and bed made, the room service was very quick, and the staff very polite, could'nt do enough for you.We was there for opening of Paralympics and found this fasinating watching the members of the sports team and important personnel being collected by private cars for the opening wilth police escorts, it was good to sit and watch . We were treated just the same when we went out , the door men were always very good and got us a taxi straight away.The only thing I found was that my partner had to be taken to hospital a couple of times and although it was only down the road the cab drivers didn't kwow the hotel and I was very frightened one night as it was past 12 midnight and the cab driver was going wrong way and being by myself I got very upset, all sorts were going through my head, but I eventually got back to hotel. The hotel should be on the taxi map by now so hope fully others wont have same problem.The breakfast was out of this world, so many choices, we tried to eat in one of the resaurants one night but my partner was taken ill.It feels good to say we were there at opening, and the hotel was brilliant, could'nt fault it. and your only a short distance from things to see.	
Oct 7 2008 	loved the new westin	what a great hotel and the location is so convenient. I stayed there for 3 nights with my wife and 2 year old son and the hotel, whilst only 2 months old felt like home. the staff were really attentive and friendly, possibly over friendly but overall Great rooms, the breakfast was stunning and far ahead of anything else I have seen in Asia for the past 10 years.	
Oct 6 2008 	Top notch all the way	I just returned from three nights at the Westing Beijing Chaoyang and I have to say that it was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. The rooms are very luxurious and modern and the hotel common areas and restaurants are lovely. We had the fabulous breakfast buffet every day and the service was impeccable. The location is good, across from the Kunlun and the Kempinski/Lufthansa Centre. There is a subway station just outside the hotel. Our only issue with staying at this hotel is that it was so new, the taxi drivers generally didn't know where it was and the odd time they refused to take us to the hotel. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Won't return to the Westin Chaoyang	We stayed at this hotel during August 2008, as we were going to the Olympics. Security was extremely tight as President Bush and his entourage were staying there as well. Check in was very poor and rude - we had paid for the stay in advance, and unfortunately, due to the typhoon in Hong Kong were delayed, and only got in there the morning after we were supposed to arrive. (we had sent an email to tell them that we were going to arrive early the next morning and to please keep our rooms for us)However, upon arrival they insisted that they had no rooms and we would have to wait for check in time before we could get into the rooms. After much pleading we finally got to talk to a Manager, who miraculously found us room. Security was sticky about giving me two keys for the room (even though there were two of us in the room) and insisted on seeing the other occupant to check him out! Finally after much hoo-ha we were given our keys and headed to our rooms.The hotel had only been opened for one month when we got there and there were obviouly many teething problems. The room was pretty comfortable, though the sheets were still a little hard and scratchy. The beds are the standard westin beds, very comfortable though. There is a kettle in the room which was nice to have, but housekeeping never provided creamer for the coffee once during the time we stayed there. Also, our rooms were never made up unless we called down to request that it be done. This was infuriating, as we would come back from the games really tired, hot and sticky and in need of a shower, only to find that we couldn't shower, as we needed to call housekeeping and ask them to come up and do the room. This happened each and every day of our stay!! On two occasions, I actually called them in the a.m. before we left the room, to tell them that we were leaving the room and to make sure that the room was made up! This I found to be totally unacceptable for a supposedly five star hotel and at the Olympic prices we were paying!!! The bathroom was nice, but be warned it is separated from the bedroom area by a glass wall which in some spots is completely see through. The toilet is the same, and this may be uncomfortable for some people who share with others (even their significant others) The restaurant we ate breakfast at was decent - nice buffet. The steakhouse was excellent and I would recommend it. However, the front desk staff and the staff in general need to take a crash course in English and courtesy. Probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again!	
Aug 6 2009 	????????????		
Apr 14 2009 	Pekinesrecién abierto		
