Oct 31 2009	Clean Convenient and Cheap Price	Just at Wangfujing Street, near to subway, room was clean, service was OK, and most important --&gt; rate was not expensive!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent Location	Located near Beijing famous Wangfujing district, it is literally just across the road from the Wanfujingt Shopping Area. Location wise is fantastic. Close to shopping areas and public transport. Rooms are good, with free internet provided.	
May 23 2009 	Good Value Execllent location	This Hotel is very well located. It is not a four star hotel by any means, but the rooms are an excellent value given the location. We were traveling around China and looking for budget places to stay and this fitted well. There are shopping malls right across the street. If you like to walk you can walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen in about 15 minutes. The Dong Hua Men specialty night food market is lest that 5 minutes down the road.There is also the Dengshikou subway station which is a five minute walk away. There is also free internet in the room, and every time we went to the front desk for help there was always some there who spoke English, a big plus.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great location great value	Although not a four star hotel, it represents excellent value for money - its called motel 268 as that's the price for a basic room for 2 people. Recommend you go for the slightly higher price rooms as the basic ones are small and no windows!We paid 398RMB(about £39) for a decent size room,standard similar to premier inn. Modern in style, bathroom very nice with wetroom style large power shower, vanity unit etc. All beautifully clean, air conditioning, kettle, white bedlinen etc The hotel is part of the Merrylin chain and they do a range of motels called motel 168, but the central beijing one is a bit more expensive(website called motel168.com, but we booked through China Trip Advisor)The absolute best thing was the location - right on the corner of Wangfujing opposite Sun Dong Plaza and 2 minutes walk just across Wangfujing from the Night Market. and15 mins walk to Forbidden city. So loads of things to do ,and no taxis.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good Value well located	This hotel is very well located, almost directly on the corner of Wangfujing and a very diverse night food market. Within walking distance of the Forbidden city as well and metro station.But beware, the hotel is no longer as clean as the reviews lead one to believe. I am confused on how this is considered to be a new(er) hotel. The corridors are dirty and carpets with holes and many stains on most floors.The trick to enjoying this hotel is to realize that they have 4 classes of rooms (D,C,B,A). I would completely write off D and C as they are very dirty and tiny, it would seem that they receive a large amount of visitors and are not well kept. The B room is very clean, much larger and only $10USD more. I spend the first night in a C and changed over to a B for the next 5 nights of my stay, didn't even see the need to look at the A class.Breakfast is also included in most rates. If you are not on a corporate plan, they sell a &quot;club card&quot; for 50 that will give you a discount of 10 per night, which would only be worth it if you stay for more than 5 nights.Overall, it is very good value and clean if you select a Class B or A room.	
Nov 19 2008 	Nice Hotel	Third time staying at this hotel. Location is superb and the rooms are clean and functional. Only set back is the size of the room. Some rooms do not have a wardrobe ( a pity). On the whole, value for money.	
Jun 5 2008 	Fantastic.. Great value!	Fantastic new hotel. Excellent location next to brand new shopping mall and shopping street in Wangfujing. Rooms are not big but functional, very clean, have comfortable beds and modern bathroom. Though it is next to the main street, the windows are really soundproof. We could just cross the road and get all the food and shopping we want. Also short walk to train/metro station. They even have a DIY washer and dryer for 10yen per wash/dry, with washing detergent provided. Definitely excellent value for money... they have rooms to cater for budget travellers if you don't mind having no windows. Though the only problem was because it is right in the city square so cabs are not allowed to stop in front of the hotel from 9am to 5pm but it is not a major issue because they can stop across the road behind the shopping mall and you can also catch a cab some 50m walk from the hotel. Highly recommended!	
