Jul 20 2009 	Exceptional and exceeded expectations (which are already very high for Aman)	This is an amazing property. It has all of the expected qualities of an Aman resort:- incredible design- exceptional service- feel-at-home atmosphere- incorporation of local culture into all elements of the property- luxurious amenities / facilitiesThis, like other Aman properties, is a place to go so that you can feel human again!In addition, this property is unique because of its historical significance and access to the Summer Palace. During our stay, we were treated to a semi-private performance of the Beijing Opera inside the Summer Palace grounds (with drinks catered by Aman). Though this does not appear to be a regular occurrence, it is indicative of the access that the Aman has and close relationship between the property and the Summer Palace.The only criticisms I have of the property are 1) the Chinese-style chairs used throughout can be a bit uncomfortable -- i.e., not as &quot;loungey&quot; as other Aman properties (though staff are quick to add a pillow to help out) 2) no natural light at the swimming pool (though it is still quite lovely).This is a must-see property and experience. It certainly isn't inexpensive but the experience is worth the cost. You will feel as if you are living like the Empress Dowager herself (but with the benefit of modern ammenities -- plasma screens, a private movie theater, spa facilities, etc.).My only other recommendation would be that you focus your visit on the property and the Summer Palace (minimum of 2 nights) instead of using the property as a base for exploring the city. The property is relatively far from the city which makes it hard to step out and see the sites. I'd suggest a few nights in the city (Peninsula is my pick) and then a few nights out at the Aman. Thumbs up on another great addition to the Aman portfolio!	
Apr 14 2009	A beautiful historical Aman...	Aman in Beijing, it's staying in a beautiful historical residence, a spiritual experience cause you'll feel to be the last emperor of China. Set at the gate of the well known Summer Palace, this is the first Aman in a city but actually, it takes more than 45 minutes to join the lively heart of Beijing and this is something a bit annoying because when we stay in a city, it's more to be in the epicenter of the vibrant life than to be in a very secluded place...However, if it's not a problem for you, The Aman at Summer Palace is a very beautiful property with a fabulous design and with a private access to one of the most important site of Beijing. There is a lot of peace in this place and you'll have the nice impression to be at home far away from your home. The suites are spacious, elegant, very comfy and you'll recognize easily all the details of Aman... The only difference is a TV which is something new for this fabulous hotel brand but i think this is not essential in this kind of place... Just looking your courtyard from your suite, listening the chinese music close to the pond, reading a book in the massive library or going in the best fitness and beauty center i've seen around the world (amazing pool, first class spa, state of the art fitness studio...) will be much better than staying in front of a screen... But actually, there is a private cinema as well and i have to tell you it's a great time to choose your movie and ask to make this somptuous theatre private, just for you... An experience not to be missed...So, this new Aman could have five points easily but the staff needs a bit more training to provide the unique Aman touch to the guests. The chinese culture is quite strong and this country is not yet adaptated to this kind of resort. I'm very sure the adorable GM, Mark Swinton, will know how to do to make the staff more friendly very soon and some of the staff are already just perfect...Aman in Beijing is great but personnaly, i don't like the location and i think the staff needs a bit more training but this is a fabulous resort with the finest decoration... Highly recommanded.	
Nov 16 2008 	Perfect Oasis in the Best Location in Beijing	We spent one night in a deluxe suite (we were upgraded on arrival by Mark, the hotel manager) in early November. The entire experience was fabulous! Our suite was glorious, with an ante-room connecting it to the suite in which our friends were staying, a very large living room, a beautiful master bedroom and a nicely appointed en-suite bathroom (with the best bathrobes I have ever encountered anywhere). The property is laid out in a series of attractive, serene, interconnecting courtyards, and incorporates a number of buildings that were guest houses for visitors to the Summer Palace in Qing dynasty times. The hotel has a private entrance into the grounds of the Summer Palace, our visit to which was the highlight of our stay. Hendry at the front desk was very helpful in organising an itinerary, driver and guide for our foray into town to see Tienanmen Square, the Forbidden City and a hutong. We only ate one meal at the hotel. The four of us ordered a room service lunch from the Chinese menu on the day we checked out, which was served to us in the ante-room between the two suites; it arrived in 25 minutes and was absolutely superb. Good wine list, too.Very minor quibbles: it would be good to have a library of DVDs for guests (there were only 2 when we were there, one of them fortunately being The Last Emperor); and the mattresses are on the firm side, so it might be good to have a pillow-top option for guests who prefer a softer mattress.	
Oct 12 2008 	Lives up to expectations	As I checked out of the almost brand new Ritz Carlton Financial Street hotel in Beijing and asked the cab driver to drive me to the Aman, first of all he (and the Ritz staff) had no idea what an Aman hotel is, and then he asked why I would want to go there, coz surely it cannot be a nicer/better hotel so I spent the next 10-15 minutes in the car explaining the Aman hotels/concept, even though prior to BJ, I have only been to two other AmansI loved the Aman Summer Palace, though only some of the buildings were from the Qing era, still the complete feeling of escape into a different era and that you are in old China is not a feeling one would get in a nice boring brand new corporate modern hotel where the rooms pretty much look the same all over the worldthe Aman experience also cannot be described in pictures (although I did manage to take 30 photos of the hotel &amp; its grounds) because it really is the service/the quality staff that gives the Aman brand such a well deserved loyal following, not something to take for granted especially in Beijing where there are lots of nice hotels (the hardware is there) but inexperienced staff (the staff are not just well trained, they have really perfected the skill of being helpful/friendly without being intrusive.service aside though, you feel more like a guest in a super wealthy family friend's home than in a hotel (or a movie set), the rooms/facilities (spa &amp; restaurant) were all very good, the landscaping nice, did I mention there's a private entrance into the summer palace as well.	
Jul 24 2009 	????AMAN		
