Oct 24 2009 	One of the worst hotel experiences ever	Fair warning, this review is going to run long. I checked into Kempinski Beijing with my girlfriend in late October because the price and location combination offered through Gtahotels.com was pretty good. We have had breakfast at this hotel once before and my girlfriend like it. So we expected a decent stay. However, the nightmare started as soon as we started checking in. Since the booking was done online, the front desk staff couldn't find the reservation, and we were told to comeback in a few hours. I didn't make much of this, and went off shopping with my girlfriend. When we came back later, we were given a room on the non-smoking floor (8th floor to be exact). As soon as we sat down on the bed we knew something was funny. The room seemed dated, and the carpet looked old, but the bed and everything else seemed clean. Well, not so quick. The bed literally sank! And as you run your hands on the bed, you could feel the springs popping. This is one saggy bed that has seen its day and should have been retired a long time ago. The girlfriend tried to lay down, and it sagged further. There is just no way this bed is going to do, not for any hotel, not to mention a 5 star hotel. At this point the girlfriend is starting to get agitated. I promptly called the front desk and was told all the beds in the hotels are of the same quality, but they would despatch a housekeeping staff to look into it.Upon arrival, the housekeeping staff informed us, yes, this is indeed an old bed and confirmed the rest of the hotel is going to be no better. It was clearly an attempt to dissuade us from switching rooms. She then suggested perhaps they can bring up a piece of wood board to fit underneath the mattress to reduce the sagging. I reluctantly agreed. So a few minutes later a big piece of plywood board shows up. But the board is only big enough to fit half of the bed, and it would mean one of us will still have to sleep on the sagging side. The board helped a little, but it was far from desirable. The housekeeping staff left without offering anymore help. Needless to say my girlfriend was not pleased, and it turned into a fight between us. By this time, it was already late in the night, and I wanted to be able to sleep. So on a lark, I decided to reserve another room to see if there is indeed as the hotel suggested, all the same. Of course, this meant online reservation and more waiting for the front desk to confirm. As it turned out, the hotel was fully booked, and I was given a room on the executive floor for the same price (14th floor). As soon as I waked into the room, I set down on the bed and felt an immediate difference. While not the best quality bed I have experienced, but it was firm and seemed ordinary, at least befitting a 4 star quality hotel. You can imagine I was furious at this point. I would have no qualms of paying more money for a better bed or a better room, but it took me booking another room just to find out. The staff at the hotel either didn't care, or simply lied. At this point, my girlfriend was even more upset. She called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. The front desk manager Ms. Dun told her once again that all the beds are the same, and there should be no difference. My girlfriend demanded the manager to come up to the rooms and compared the beds for herself. Ms. Dun reluctantly showed up later, but she simply refused to even touch the bed, and continued to state that as staff, they don't sleep on the beds, so therefore there is no way for them to tell the difference. As far as she was concerned, they are all the same. My girlfriend was not going to let her off the hook, and she demanded to speak to Ms. Dun's boss. This is now almost 1am in the morning, and miraculously some lady got on the phone. She was apologetic, and she offered to cancel the reservation on the room with the bad bed, and suggested she would like to apologize in person the next day. Of course, no one contacted us the next day. Although we intended to stay for only 2 nights, I had to head back to US for business after 2 nights, and my girlfriend wanted to stay for 2 more nights. Due to the fact Gtahotels.com reservations are all pre-paid, which means I have already paid 4 nights, I thought a simply reservation change for the dates would do. But after numerous phone calls, and much discussion with the hotel front desk amounted to nothing. As part of the challenges of traveling in China, if there is changes for hotels or flights, it is incredibly difficult or frustrating because the hotels and airlines in China follow a very rigid reservation system that cannot be changed on the fly. To keep things simple, I offered to leave and pre-sign a credit charge slip with the front desk with my credit card so when my girlfriend checks out there would be no problems. All the charges would go on my name. I explained this to two different front desk managers, Mr. Dun and Barry. And I was told there will be no problems whatsoever, my girlfriend would be taken care and treated with respect.I think you can guess by now what happened next. When my girlfriend was checking out, she explained the situation to the front desk clerks. And she was told flatly no, that she would have to pay. Regardless the fact they even have the pre-authorized credit card slip with my signature on it. After back and forth for 10 minutes, the clerk yelled at her and told her &quot;you have to pay!&quot; in front of other guests. She was made to feel like a thief. Seeing she was going to be late for her flight, she stood her ground and left. Kempinski is a worldwide chain of luxury hotels and resorts, and it operates two properties in Beijing area. But this kind of rude and inconsistent service is appalling. I understand and expect lousy and subpar service from some Chinese operated hotels, but for a western company, this is utter unbelievable. I will not quibble with the equipment and hardware with a hotel if the service and attitude can make up for it. But for an older, rundown joint, this is simply acceptable. I travel to Beijing and China on a monthly basis, and have stayed in Grand Hyatt, Regent, China World, Kerry Center and the Pennisula, but none is as remotely bad as Kempinski. I wonder if the fact that I a Chinese American that has led them to treat us this way. Regardless, I will never ever stay at a Kempinski property again, and I will keep telling others this story so they will stay away as well.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel with very friendly staff	I went to Beijing to visit a friend and to explore what Beijing has to offer.I decided to stay at the Kempinski Lufthansa Centre after my friend's recommended me this hotel.Considering the fact that it is an old hotel it still has it's charm and with the service from the staff, it's great.As I arrived to the hotel I went directly for Brunch and wow..I had so much food I almost felt sick. Food ranging from Cantonese BBQ to German traditional Bratwurst and a huge dessert buffet, I didn't know where to start. They also offer a huge breakfast buffet for those who enjoy a nice breakfast in the morning, like me. They also have a Kempi Deli, Paulaner (German food), Dragon Palace (chinese food) and a japanese restaurant..The staff were very polite and friendly, if you think that they don't speak English in China then you are wrong, atleast in this hotel. More or less all staff I ran into spoke english and if they didn't they said &quot;Just a moment pls&quot; and asked a fellow colleague to help me. Much better than the staff at Westin who were unfriendly and couldn't even smile...I mean they make an effort to help me which should be appreciated.The hotel is located close to the subway and is in a nice district. Plus if you need to do some shopping you can just go to the Lufthansa Shoppig Centre which is &quot;attached&quot; to the hotel.I stayed 5 days, 4 nights and I truely do not regret it. If you want value for your money and friendly staff with quality service then you should stay here.Highly recommended!	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel amd good location	The room and bathroom was good but in need of some renovating. The staff spoked, for China, good English. The breakfast was ok, very busy area and hard to get a non smoking table. The location was good even tho we had a personal driver through all our stay. Close by the hotel there is a shopping mall and a couple of restaurants. Across the street you can find a subway station. Since there is a lot of business travelers the bar is a frequent meeting point which is good.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good hotel shame about the internet	Like a few little stones in your comfortable walking shoes that spoil a beautiful walk, there are a few things that are highly irritating about this place. Overall the Beijing Kempinski is a pretty good place to stay. the 2 bedroom we're in is spacious. The decor looks pleasant but lived in. The beds are large and comfortable, the towels large and plentiful. A definite bonus is being able to open the windows. In room dining brings great meals from the various restaurants in the complex, which up to know have always been fresh, tasty and plenty big portioned. The buffet breakfast is literally a smorgasbord of east meets west. Service is occasionally a bit patchy (after 6 times a week for 7 weeks having gone for breakfast there they still ask you wether you want to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section and that is on entering with 2 year old twins) The top floor swimmingpool, 2 gyms and the supermarket, shopping mall and various service businesses could cause you to never leave the complex. If you want to leave however, the entrance to the efficient, but busy, Beijing metro is next to the hotel or a lot of entertainment and shopping can be had within walking distance. And for a bit of fresh air the courtyard garden is lovely, nearby Chaoyang Park is a 10 minute walk for as much space one could want in a city of 14 million. Now to those stoney irritations. The internet. The hotel positions itself as great for business and leisure. Having a good broadband connection is a prerequisite for this I think. All I am getting is excuses and dial-up speeds. After the initial pause(chinese censors perhaps?) the pages take a long time to load. When running a broadband speedtest (by Ookla) I get download speeds as low as 14 KB/sec transfer rates and upload speeds that are 3 times faster??? I'm used MB's per sec so this simply unacceptable to me. The hotel keeps increasing my theoretical possible speed, in reality nothing improves.Our apartment has 3 showers, two are poky and one is over -a smallish- bath. None will let you have a shower without flooding the bathroom floor. If humankind can get astronauts into space and back easily then a leak free shower shouldn't be this hard.	
Apr 14 2009 	Did I miss something other reviewers didn't???	This hotel needs a renovation and is overpriced for what you get. the rooms are older, bed needs upgrading, amenities non existent	
Jul 25 2008 	Good Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in a king-size standard room. The room was generously large to accomodate 2 extra adult-size beds for our 2 kids. Although the hotel was not quite new, we were happy with the facilities. Every hotel staff could manage some English although we had to repeat/rephase our enquires to clarify matters. A supermarket is located within the Lufthansa Youyi Shopping City (just next to the hotel) where we could buy our daily supply of mineral water. We also liked the Korean restaurant there (next to the supermarket) as it served authentic Korean food. The hotel is also conveniently located for our sightseeing trips.	
Jul 2 2008 	one of the best Hotels in Beijing	During our lovely honey moon trip in China we have spent 3 days at the Kempinski Hotel Lufthansa Centre. Me and my wife have enjoyed our stay very much. Very helpful and friendly employees, nice atmosphere, cozy apartment and excellent food!We could highly recommend the hotel restaurant - Dragon Palace, were we have experienced a very tasty trdaitional food and wine for competitive price, accomponied by the traditional chinese music. Quite interesting was to try original German food and beer at the Paulaner bar. Sitting outside in the garden, drinking very good beer after a tasteful meal we almost felt like beeing at some &quot;Biergarten&quot; in Germany :)The breakfast buffet at Kranzler Restaurant had big choice of international and local dishes.The staff of the hotel made us feeling like VIP guests, helped us with anything they could do and made our stay unforgetable. For business or vacation we do recommend this hotel to anyone who goes to Beijing and we will for sure come back again!	
Jun 15 2008 	Bad location good staff good kitchen	Furniture is old, the first 5***** in Beijing for all that!  Good breakfast, good restaurants in the hotel building and good, not so expensive on the streets around the hotel. Good staff, very good staff – rooms, business, mail, to change room – no problems. Personal is from Germany, Holland, England. Very competent Chinese staff! Toll (2 m) door – keeper, very pleasant! Very bad location – 10-15 minutes by taxi to the center, 30-40 RMB. But 30 minutes to airport.   There was like a city in the city. There was music in the bath room.TRIPLOVEJOY	
Mar 17 2008 	Closest to Airport Good amenities Beautiful lobby	I arrived the Kempinski around 3pm, after a short 15-20 minute (55RMB) ride from the airport. Perfect since I was only staying there for a oine night layover.Was greeted at the entrance by the bellman, who took care of my luggage. Check-in was quick and the staff was friendly. The bellman immediately accompanied me to my room (947) and explained to me the various facilities on the way.My room was on the ninth floor with a view to the south (nothing really to see.. mostly construction). The room was very spacious and has a desk. The furniture felt new and clean. There is a good selection on TV channels (10 Chinese, 20 International incl. CNN, TV5, ESPN...).I walked around to the Lufthansa Shopping Center, which really is a department store (not a shopping mall). The store carries mostly European and US brands (Armani, Ralph Lauren, Nike...) so that was a disappointment for me..The swimming pool is located on the 18th floor, nice swimming pool but the locker and shower facilities could use a renovation. AGain, the staff was very polite.The hotel offers 24-hr room service. The meals I ordered arrived after 30min and were excellent. The next morning, the breakfast in the Kranzer restaurant was excellent. They carried a mi of western (eggs, bacon, fruit) and asian (dim sum, congee...). The price for breakfast was around 250RMB&lt; which is very expensive in my mind, but the excellent food made it worth it.Overall, the hotel is very well run. Staff is friendly and speaks english very well (relative to the general chinese). The room was spacious, and the bed was equipped with a control for all the lioghting of the room (great night light below the bed). The hotel offered complimentary water bottles too, which was a nice addition. My only recommendatoion would be for the swimming pool facilities to be renovated.	
Mar 16 2008 	Disappointing	I have stayed in many hotels in Beijing and this is my first disappointment in a long time. I picked it mostly because it was convenient for what I had to do (not convenient for tourists).This hotel is not 5-star. Probably 4. It underdelivers for the price. I previously stayed at the Hilton in this part of town and it was much better. Essentially this hotel is old and doesn't offer what you expect from a 5-star hotel today. Old bathroom, inadequate towels and pillows, uncomfortable bed and very average food.I had much better experiences at the Inter-Continental or Westin on Financial Street for half the price.	
Jan 23 2008 	Very convenient and a good place to stay for business	When I am in Beijing I normaly stay in this hotel. It is only 30 minutes away from the airport and also close to our offices (I am normally here on business).The rooms are very clean and spacious and well equipped. For me the beds are a little too soft. Service is welcomming and I like the different restaurants in the hotel as I like to eat in the hotel when I am travelling. I can recommend the Bavarian restaurant as well as the Italian restaurant. Also the breakfast is good, wide selection and good quality. It is not cheap but a convenient place to stay.I would like to see WLAN in there, it is a bit inconvenient not to have it.Overall I will return to this place.	
Nov 25 2007 	Good Hotel - Though I Expected More	I found the Kempinski to be a good hotel. Very good facilities with a shopping centre next door. The choice of restaurants in the hotel is excellent and caters for every taste. Staff is friendly a efficient. However the room itself was a bit disappointing for a hotel that calls itself a 5 star property. Rather run down with outdated decor and in visible need for renovation. This was a surprise to me for a hotel in asia that usually offer very high quality. Never-the-less due to the otherwise good quality and it's very convenient location to the airport and many corporations I would probably stay here again.	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice but noisy	Stayed only for an overnight. Location was great due to the nearby restaurant/brewery/biergarten. Room was comfortable but the construction noise/vibration due to &quot;renovation&quot; was a disturbance. Temporary lobby is very small and crowded but staff was friendly. Concierge was very helpful. Once the renovation is complete, I think this would be a pleasant place to stay while visiting the city.	
Oct 15 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Kempinski Hotel September 12-14, 2007.The hotel staff were very courteous and helpful. Most had a very good knowledge of English. The concierge was most helpful in recommending restauraunts in the area within walking distance.The breakfast buffet each morning was the BEST we have ever experienced. The variety of food was remarkable. It was so good that I made it a point to personnaly thank the food service manager AND write a letter to the hotel manager.You cannot go wrong staying at the Kempinski Hotel. A shopping center is connected to the hotel with a super market in the lower level for extra bottled water and snacks.	
Aug 30 2007 	Solid hotel well located	I went to the Kempinski on a business trip and found a conveniently located hotel, with nice and well-equiped rooms and friendly professional service. It has three restaurants in the property (so you can choose between italian, german and chinese and international food). So if you are not a fan of new flavors (as myself) you can find your all-time favourites here. The area is surrounded by embassies, and the Hard Rock Cafe is one block away. It is close (relatively, nothing is too close in Beijing!) to some of the city's best known attractions and markets. Taxis are available at all times and the bell boys can translate to the drivers your destination. It is close to the airport (15 minutes cab ride). The rooms are of adequate size and have the amenities for hotels of this category. The hotel has a swimming pool where you can relax enjoying a nice view of the City. Breakfast is very complete, with local and international food.	
Aug 1 2007 	Solid international hotel	I stayed in this hotel several times over the last two years and never had any reason to complain. Service is professional and almost everybody manages a few words in English. Those at the front desk speak it fluently, so you will always find help when you need it. The breakfast buffet is splendid. I do not understand the complaint of the first reviewer about it. I know the breakfast from many 5* hotels and this one is one of the best of them all - if not the best. The Paulaner beergarden brews its own German-style beer on site and is a great feature for German travellers (such as myself) longing for something familiar, even if the Chinese waitresses in their Bavarian dresses look more weird than familiar. On the downside, the rooms are nothing special and somewhat small. In the lobby you will find nowhere to sit except some stone benches around the potted palms. The location, on the third ring road and close to the airport, is convenient for business travellers, but a bit out of the way for tourists. In heavy traffic - that is, almost always - it can take 45 minutes or even more to get to Tiananmen. This might improve when they open the new subway line right outside the hotel next year. For me, transportation is no issue since my company's local office is located across the street. If it was not for this, I might try another of the now manifold options in Beijing, but I will happily return to this one on all future trips.	
Jun 24 2007 	Not what you expect from a 5*......	I stay a lot in Kempinski hotels in Asia and Europe. Just arriving from another Kempinski in the Middle East here in Beijing I have to say the contrast could not be any bigger. Although the overall quality is still OK, the rooms need a refurbishment in the next time. Yes, they are clean, but you have to wait until 5 PM for the cleaner to begin the work. There is no shower in the very small bathroom and you have to stand in the bath tub, behind a plastic curtain. There is a cooker for hot water/ coffee next to the TOILET. The Aircon works, but smells funny sometimes (if it was turned off for a while) The staff is aways willing to help, but sometimes it feels like they are still learning their job. After all, this feels all a bit run down and more 3..4 stars as like a 5 star with under the Kempinski management -which is normally excellent. Unfortunately the price feels 5 star...	
Jun 22 2007 	My favorite in Beijing	The Kempinski Hotel is my favorite hotel in Beijing. It's very comfortable, the location is good, and the other retaurants and stores in the hotel and connected lufthansa complex are great. It's the best place to be when the weather and air in Beijing is bad and you don't want to go outside. The service at the Kempinski is good -- even if there is a problem. I recently was given the wrong room and they corrected it promptly (incidentally -- the rooms with 2 beds are NOT good -- the beds are very small singles. In contrast the king-sized beds are GREAT).Don't miss the deli or the wines selection in the lufthansa center grocery store (basement level).	
Apr 7 2007	Nice Business Hotel		
Dec 16 2006 	A pleasurable return		
Sep 24 2006 	Good location for Beijing		
Aug 14 2006 	Excellent Choice in Beijing		
Apr 25 2006	A solid option		
Mar 19 2006 	A Real 5-Star Hotel		
May 29 2005	Not up to 5 star standard		
Sep 4 2009 	Ausgezeichnetes Hotel guter Service		
Jul 24 2009 	Hôtel très correct		
Mar 26 2008 	Germany meets China		
