	Handy for the airport	I have stayed at this airport a couple of times, selecting it for its proximity to the airport. The first time I stayed was shortly after the Olympic Games. The hotel was practically empty and the service was attentive, friendly but occasionally haphazard. On my next visit I had just arrived from North Korea - which probably enhanced my appreciation of the hotel! The bar, on both my stays, was virtually empty but offered good international sports coverage on TV. The shuttle service to the airport worked well. Word of warning: taxi drivers have difficulty finding the hotel, even if you show them the address in Chinese. One evening I had to use my - very! - limited Chinese to help the driver find the hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent for the airport not for the city...	Similar thoughts to others. Great for the airport but theres nothing around the hotel and it would be a decent taxi fare to anywhere in the city. Entrance of the hotel is very smart, lobby is very open with a glass ceiling. No one else was checking in or out so we had fast service unlike other comments I noted from people, my experience was good and the staff were friendly. Room. Excellent and large, as this was our last night in China I had booked a suite. It was large, very! seperate lounge with toilet. There was internet access but you had to pay, the first hotel all holiday that wasnt free, a bit dissapointing given this was a suite and something the hotel should look at in my opinion. The room also included access to the club lounge which was very nice. Free drinks and nibbles for 2 hours at night. A good selction of foods and various drinks available. Very quiet while we were there. Level of English from the staff was good, not as good as some places but enough to get by.We also ate in the cafe which did bar type meals, quality was good, price was a bit high but not too over the top. Breakfast was very good and the usually options of western and asian. We used the shuttle bus to the airport which you need to book with the concierge. It was free and prompt. Overall an excellent hotel but I would only recommend it for liesure if its your 1st or last night stay. I wouldnt want to be based here as theres nothing around the hotel to see and you are a long way from the centre, see my review of the Park Plaza for a better located hotel! The hotel is very smart though and was very quite while we were there, I expect if there is a conference nearby it will be packed so you might want to check before.	
Oct 24 2009 	nice but only if you have patient and time	This hotel is located directly at the new exhibition center (5 min walking).It's a newer hotel with many nice rooms and good breakfast.But this hotel is not normal crown standard. The service seams to be overstrained:1. We have made a reservation one week before. We also got a receipt by fax. But when we arrived at 10pm, after a long business day and travel, there was no room. It takes about 45min and long discussions to get a room. That's worse!2. For check out you need plenty of time. For us it takes about 40 minutes. The reason is, that this is a huge hotel, but they have more security staff than receptionist. There are only 3 receptionist at the desc and they are overextended. It takes about 20 minutes to get a bill.  I don't know why. They already have got a reservation with company name. They have my passport from check-in. But for checkout, they have to write everything in the computer (and very slowly).3. During breakfast it is better to get the coffee by your own, because there is less staff. Also you need some more table for the old dishes.The hotel is nice, but you need a lot of time for everything. I don't know why they have so view staff. They need more employees and better organisation/management.It's too expensive for so low standard.	
Oct 14 2009 	Strange Room But Otherwise Nice--And Good Location	We stayed here for one night en route to another destination. Its primary advantage is that it is close to the airport. The airport shuttle worked well for us. The hotel staff were friendly, and the overall quality of the hotel is good. If you are looking for a place to stay that will give you easy access to the major sites of Beijing, this is not the right place, but for access to the airport it is great. The only thing that really put us off (but it put us off quite a lot) was the strange bathroom. I don't know if all rooms are this way, but ours had a large window from the bathroom into the bedroom--basically, the whole wall was a window. This is not a plus in my book, though somebody obviously thought it was. There were blinds that you could close over the window, which was fine unless either the blinds did not close tightly, or a piece of one of the slats was missing. In our case, the blinds had both features, which meant that there was not very good privacy in the bathroom. Maybe I'm a privacy freak, but come on. Other than that, the room was fine, and the hotel served its purpose. I'd still probably recommend it--but hey, fix those blinds!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel the rooms were very good and the staff were very efficient and helpful. Location to the airport is good but there is not much near the hotel if you are staying for any length of time this could be an issue.	
Sep 19 2009 	Good Value for the money	We stayed at the hotel one night before taking off to Europe. The room was nice and clean. Breakfast and service was ok, nothing extra but very decent. There is nothing to see or in the surroundings.The hotel is good value for the money if you have to stay near the airport. we paid 400 RMD for a King Sized bedroom.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location for an exhibition hotel; terrible location for sightseeing	Stayed here for 6 nights in September for an exhibition at the NCIEC. Location is close to the exhibition centre, but still not really walking distance, especially since our event used the north entrance. There are also not a great deal of amenities in the area, plus walking anywhere aroud there is risky (from a traffic perspective). It is clear that the area is still being developed, so maybe local amenities and pedestrian friendly access will improve over time. Many attendees did some sightseeing before, after, or during the exhibition. It's a long cab ride to central Beijing: anywhere from 40 minutes to well over an hour, depending on traffic. If being a tourist is your main reason for being in Beijing, stay elsewhere. If you're coming for the Exhibition Centre, or need a hotel relatively close to the airport, then this is a good one. (Attendees staying at other, more central hotels had to leave an hour earlier than we did in the morning just to get to the Exhibition Centre in time.)The staff were all extremely polite and usually quite effective. However, they were also fairly slow, at least by North American standards. Drinks in the lounge or restaurant definitely took their time in coming. English proficiency was a problem for some, but many others seemed to have a good grasp of the language. Food in the Crowne Cafe was pretty good, with quite a large variety of Asian and western foods, especially for the buffet breakfast. Had a standard room which met all my requirements, but wasn't anything over and above what I'd expect from a hotel like this (in room safe, nice bathroom, internet...) although it did still smell fairly new. My only real complaint about the room itself was the shower... Water leaked through the shower door and onto the floor. Others indicated the same thing occurred in their rooms as well. I thought the fitness centre was rather small, but in retrospect, in the times that I used it, I never did see people having to wait to use equipment. There is a sauna and steam room as well, but both were cold when I was there, and I didn't feel like waiting for them to warm up. The equipment is very good quality and appears well maintained. Bring your headphones and you can watch an individual TV on the cardio equipment. On the way back home, a colleague and I used the hotel's shuttle to the airport. No problems at all. It left when they said it would and took us right to Terminal 3 (after fighting some traffic).	
Sep 3 2009 	Very kind staffs	I chose this hotel because I had to transit at Beijing and the next flight was 7:30 a.m.I had an afternoon to spend in Beijing and the staffs were kind enough to give me a consult on sightseeing. All of the staffs were kind and friendly, and they spoke good English.The rate was reasonable, rooms were clean and very comfortable.Although there was nothing near the hotel, I think it's a really good place to stay if transit is your main purpose of the stay in Beijing.	
Aug 18 2009 	Top class hotel	The hotel was fantastic. Clean, quiet, staff very helpfull and courteous. Food was good. Plenty of bars and lounges to relax in. Rooms spacious and well equipped. Not much around the hotel if you need a corner shop. When you come out of the airport do not go to the hotel reservations desk for help finding the courtesy bus as they will tell you it is not running at that time and charge you alot for one of their cars. Check with hotel where to be picked up in advance.	
Aug 11 2009	Nice one-night stopover for tour group	I read some of the reviews and I am not surprised by the gentleman who had the poor massage experience. We had read that hotels, even 5-star ones similar to the Crowne Plaza, have people on staff willing to go the &quot;extra mile&quot; for customers who may not want it. Clearly they wanted to shame him into getting something he did not want. Fortunately, our experience was excellent, with excellent service and spacious comfortable rooms. This is truly a 5-star hotel, though it is located in an industrial area. You would NOT choose this hotel to stay in for any length of time, as you cannot really walk about outside and explore at night in a poor industrial area where people's shacks are alongside their repair garage businesses. We would only recommend this as a stopover hotel. Luckily we had a tour bus and there were no transportation or communication issues for us, but I can see where there would be for people who are not sheparded around with a Chinese guide as we were. If you want to stay in Beijing for any length of time, there is a &quot;five star row&quot; of hotels downtown.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointing business hotel.	Stayed here for business for a week. Location handy for the exhibition centre and airport nearby. We arrived after a 12-hour trip from Europe, hoping to catch the bus shuttle from the airport. Unfortunately it has left, and we didn't feel like waitíng (it is an hourly service)-we decided to take a cab instead- What an odyssey that was- even though I explained to the taxi driver where the hotel was - I speak Chinese- and I was extra polite - He [--] us about and pretended not to know where the hotel was and drove us around for 40 mins. Seemed he was not happy about having waited 3 hours for a pick-up at the hotel only to get a couple of passengers who only need a 15-min ride. Well - his chances of a tip evaporated.My boss was arriving the following day and I didn't want him to go though the same ordeal- so we asked the hotel staff to arrange this- I had to explain carefully in Chinese what to do - their English was not up to it.Having said that the room service and standard of food was pretty good.	
Jul 22 2009 	nice place and convenient to the airport just don't walk back from the mall	the service was exceptional, the rooms just fine, swimming pool nice altho they made you wear a shower cap we visited the euromall - great restaurants - recommend the blue frog! but don't walk back - you need a taxi there is no footpath. We booked the airport shuttle the next day and it was all very convenient. Really recommended for its proximity to the airport but not if you are staying in Beijing	
Jul 14 2009 	Service needs improvement	We stayed here for two nights (weekend) at the end of a business trip through China. This is a very nice hotel with comfortable rooms and it is located close to Beijing Capital Airport. However, the problem with this hotel is that the service provided by the personnel is below standard. Here are some examples: 1. Using the airport shuttle was a disaster. We had booked the shuttle at 9:30pm to bring us from the airport to the hotel. As no shuttle arrived, we called the hotel at 9:35 pm and although they mentioned that the van was on its way, it did arrive at 9:55 pm (and it is only ~ 15 minutes drive). The other day we had similar problems and hence my conclusion is that the hotel staff is not able to organize the shuttle airport pick-up properly. 2. The level of english spoken by the hotel staff is very poor. When calling the hotel about the shuttle, I could not communicate even the simplest issues (such as where is the pickup point of the shuttle?) with the front desk people or the concierge.  3. When checking out, we were charged 3 times the daily maximum internet usage (3 x RMB 120). I mentioned immediately that we had been in the hotel less than 48 hours. It took at least 10 minutes to convince the front desk people to finally admit the error, to correct it and to apologize. In summary, this is a beautiful and comfortable hotel but I would not recommend it to anyone. I cannot remember being so annoyed in a hotel about the behavior of the hotel staff over the last few years (and I travel a lot!). Hence, staying in this hotel and particularly using the hotel shuttle was a very unpleasant experience and induced a lot of unnecessary stress.	
May 16 2009 	Great Find	Incredible Hotel! Beautiful lobby and great rooms. The only downside is the distance from downtown - 90-100 yuan taxi ride. But, as a stopover during travel, it is very near the airport. This is a newer hotel and the staff was friendly and helped with every need. They do charge for internet access. The restaurants were very good and the staff was very attentive (even at the breakfast buffet). They offer a free shuttle to and from the airport and have a very good fitness center and spa. The hotel was very safe and quiet. An excellent place to relax before or after the flight to the US.	
Apr 30 2009 	Nice hotel but strange experience with the spa	I was transiting from Mongolia to Frankfurt and stayed just 1 day. It is true that the hotel is in quite an industrial location, but for a transit stay it's a good location, not far from the Airport. The staff was friendly, the airport shuttle worked well and delivered me to the Airport as scheduled. Rooms are also fine. The only problem in them is lightening. I did not manage to understand how to switch on or off various lamps. They were switching on or off all together, but not separately.However, I had a very strange (I would say, displeasing) experience with the spa. In the room I saw the advertisement that there are offers of foot massage, Chinese massage and oit massage for 180, 280 and 380 RMB respectively. I phoned the spa and asked foot massage and Chinese massage. The spa manager persuaded me to take foot massage and Chinese oil massage. The lady came into my room at 19.30 and has shown me from the menue another type of massage for RMB 520. I asked her in English to stick to the original plan, but later I discovered that she nevertheless followed the one for 520. But that's ok, can be attributed to linguistic miscommunication. Overall, she was just 21, but a good specialist in her field, Her massage looked very professional to me. However, at the end she disagreed to charge the room and insisted on cash. I had Euro only, so instead of 575 RMB (520 + service) I gave EUR 75. And that's when strange things began. She called her manager and the manager sent to my room a prostitute-looking lady who was allowed into my room by the 1st masseuse, not by me. She inspected the Euro notes, and started offering sex services - 'another kind of massage'. Imagine - after the massage I was on my bed dressed in underwear only and all this started happening in front of me!!! She was dressed in a blue uniform and even had a list of prices and service descriptions... I said 'no'. She asked 'why'. I said 'I don't have money, in order to kick her out'. She said 'You can charge credit card'. I said no. She started demonstrating her brest etc etc etc. Then when it was clear that I don't want her services, she again called spa manager and again without my permission allowed into my room one more prostitute looking lady. I shouted at them 'leave or I will call secuirity' and they left. But I had to raise from the bed and to dress in front of them, looking at me, before I did that. I admit that the hotel management may not be aware of how outrageous the spa workers became. Now I calmed down, but on that day I was extremely outraged, trust me. Throughout 10 hours journey to Franfkurt I was thinking only about that... It's unimaginable - in a 4 star facility such a thing happened.	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice Looking Hotel - Terrible Service	We specifically booked this hotel because of its close proximity to the Beijing Capital Airport. All of the websites also stated that the hotel offers an airport shuttle. The airport shuttle is, however, woefully unreliable. We made a reservation 6 hours prior to pick up (they required 1 hour notice). We waited 60 minutes before a representative from the hotel met us. After being told that the shuttle was on its way but delayed due to to traffic, we waited an additional 30 minutes before finally giving up and paying for a taxi. Mind you, on the way to the hotel we did not see any traffic. When we arrived at the hotel 15 minutes later the shuttle was still in front of the hotel. When we inquired about the situation, the conceirge informed us that it was our responsiblity to find the shuttle at the airport - not the other way around! We spoke to another guest (who is a frequent business traveler) about the shuttle and he told us that he just simply takes a cab because of the hotel's inability and incapacity to coordinate the logistics of the shuttle. In fact, on the morning of our departure flight, the bell boy loaded up our luggage into the shuttle. The shuttle thereafter left for the airport WITHOUT US. Unacceptable. Eventually, the hotel had a private van take us to the airport where we met up with our luggage. What a mess. The service at the hotel was terrible and we will never stay here again. We wanted to stay close to the airport for our last night in China to minimize stress the night before we returned to the U.S., and our stay here instead heightened our stress level. Stay away.	
Feb 9 2009 	Very nice but in the middle of nowhere	I needed a place to stay overnight while in transit from a city in China's interior (from which I had flown that afternoon), on my way back to the U.S. (to which I would fly the next morning). I chose this hotel for its location very close to the Beijing Airport . . . less than 10 minutes' away. I paid 612 RMB including breakfast.Taxi fare from the Beijing Airport to the hotel was only 22 RMB. I always dread getting into a taxi at an airport for a short-distance ride (i.e., a very low fare for a driver who may have been in a queue for hours hoping for a high fare to the center of the city), but this driver did not seem to care . . . maybe they have a provision where they can cut to the front of the line when they go back to the airport if they had a short ride. The taxi driver got a little lost on the way over, but fortunately I had the hotel's phone number with me so showed it to him so he could phone and as it turned out we were only 2 minutes away from the point of the phone call.The hotel is very nice and modern; very clean, comfortable room with high quality bedding and luxurious bathroom. I was there during the Chinese New Year holiday (in Jan 2009) and as such the hotel was eerily empty. I suspect this is primarily a business hotel and no business is done during the CNY holiday; few people travel on leisure to cold Beijing in January, and if they did, few vacationers would opt to stay in the middle of an industrialized area way out by the airport.The staff was very friendly . . . the fitness center was quite nice - large with a big glass exterior window, with free weights, about 8 weight machines, about 3-4 tread mills, a couple of ellptical machines and a couple of stair climbers. Exercise machines had individual TVs and built-in fans. The fitness center also had a large pool (though I did not use it).I'm not a spa kind of guy, but they did have a special of 60-minute foot massage for only 99 RMB, so I tried it and it was very nice.Only two downsides to this hotel, neither of which is a big deal:1. Its remote location in the midst of an industrial park type of area; there are no shops or restaurants nearby or much of anything to see or look at should you want to have an interesting leisurely stroll. So, if you are averse to mini-bars as a source for a can of diet Coke or a candy bar, be forewarned you can't just walk down the street to a convenience store.2. The English of the staff is not great; the message light on my phone was blinking . . . the instruction was to push the button to retrieve messages . . . so I pushed the button which rang the switchboard and they could not figure out what I was wanting . . . eventually they picked up my saying the word &quot;message&quot; and they interpreted it as &quot;massage&quot; so they transferred me to the spa &amp; salon. So I went downstairs to speak to the front desk and they thought I was trying to tell them that my phone was broken. Uggh!!! I later discerned that my wife had called. But I had to put up with a blinking message lights on all 3 room phones for the rest of my stay (Overnight, I covered up the lights with paper).The hotel does offer a free shuttle bus on the hour to the airport, so I used this. I was the only one on the bus.TV had usual assortment of English channels that you find in Asia . . . e.g., CNN, CNBC Asia, HBO.	
Jan 30 2009 	Not there yet	This Hotel is very convenient to the Airport and the Internation exhibition center. This was actually my second stay - the first was prior to the official opening.The hotel does have all the amenities that you would expect for a new property but as others have mentioned it is an extremely new staff and they just haven't had the training that you would expect in a Crowne Plaza. If you have business in the Shun Yi area by all means stay there the rooms are clean and the food is not bad. If you are looking to see the sights of Beijing - spring for a Hotel downtown so you can walk around	
Jan 30 2009 	Very poor service for high price and poor location	This hotel has all the mod cons and the rooms cannot be faulted but it isn't very close to the airport and the taxi drivers have no idea where it is and the hotel service element is not there.The management must be Chinese because they don't understand Western values and its inacceptable. If i am being charged Western prices then i expect Western service.I was overcharged 20 yuan for something so i pointed this out to the member of staff. She couldn't do anything about this because she had no authority...remember i have spent nearly 1000 yuan to stay here so what is 20 yuan (less than $3) so she had to call the hotel manager and the hotel manager refused to remove the $3 charge! Regardless if i am wrong or right, if a customer spending $150 is unhappy with a $3 charge then you immediately remove it. I could have just paid it but it was the principle of it. Avoid this place unless you don't mind getting fleeced.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great new airport hotel	The Crowne Plaza Beijing Intl Airport Hotel openned in July of 2008. The up side is that the hotel is brand new and really gorgeous. The down side is that some staff members are struggling with english. That said, the staff is very gracious and welcoming, even providing me with tea while I checked in. There are several restaurants and a lobby bar, gym, business center, broad band in rooms (120cny/day), etc - all the usual amenities for a hotel of this class. The room was quite comfortable, with high quality linens, tv with multiple english channels including CNN and HBO, bath with both marble shower and tub, bottled water of course because even here the water is not potable. There is a free shuttle to the airport on the hour. The ride takes 20 minutes. It is only 25 cny for a taxi. This is a good choice if you have an early flight or are worried about traffic delays from central Beijing.	
Sep 21 2009 	Sehr gutes Business-Hotel in Randlage		
