Nov 19 2009 	Sunworld Dynasty Hotel - Better than expected	At the last minute, we booked Sunworld Dynasty hotel through the Agoda website. We stayed for five nights and the service we received is on par with standards of a five star foreign-own hotels (e.g. Sheraton). Most staff could communicate in English, which was helpful. (Not a lot of locals in the city can speak/understand English so it was nice to be able to speak our first language at the end of the day). Complimentary bottles of water were provided every day. We had a fair size room with a king bed. Bathroom was also a nice size with a shower and a bathtub. Turn down service was a nice touch. Note that there is only one non-smoking floor. Gym and pool facilities were also very good.	
Oct 29 2009 	Crappy hotel	It is now known as the Sunworld Dynasty Hotel. rated itself as 5 stars, more like 2 stars in fact.The toilet broke down in our first room and when we moved to another room, the toilet broke down again twice. By that stage, we were tired of moving so stayed put. Finally figured out that one is not supposed to dump toilet paper in the bowl. After wiping, throw it in the wastepaper basket beside the toilet bowl. I know it sounds gross but it worked.I think they have a major sewage problem in the hotel cos we saw the workmen working on the toilet in another room.Also, the ac does not work. It is always warm at 23 degrees.Go back there again,NO WAY!	
Oct 21 2009 	Ok but in need in renovation	10 years ago I stayed in this hotel for my first business trip to Beijing. It still has this impressive central hall. Apart from that, since then there has been no renovation and the management quality has detriorated. The breakfast budget still has some nice spots but also quite some room for improvement (running out of some items very early, dangerous looking sushi). Room service, even on the weekends, comes only around 3pm. Bathrooms seem to be partially redone. But still have floor standing toilets, not wall hung toilets like modern hotels have, therefore still unclean and dirty looking. Overall hotel is ok but could do better.	
Jan 17 2009 	High Quality Stay at Tianlun Dynasty	Tianlun Dynasty was a great hotel with good location within walking distance to Hutongs, Tianmen Square or Wangfujing shopping street. Room was really clean, nice and spacy. Hotel had good facilities, such as massage, swimming pool and bar. Also, the breakfest buffet was excellent!	
Oct 16 2007	Enjoyed our stay	Nice hotel with clean room, comfy king bed, our rate did not include breakfast. We ate Chinese breakfast at the restaurants down the street from hotel. Hotel has a lovely atrium with buffet-style restaurant. We found the concierge and travel desk to be extremely helpful (we bought plane tickets and acrobat tickets through travel desk). Not everyone on the staff spoke English, but there was usually someone at the desk that did. Would recommend. FYI, at the time we visited, May 2007, there was major work being done on Wangfujing Ave in preparation for the 2008 Olympics. If construction is still going on, do not accept a room that overlooks Wangfujing Ave or the Church because you will hear jackhammers.	
Sep 10 2007 	Great Value for your money	My husband and i had the pleasure of staying at Tianlun Dynasty Hotel in June as a stop over during our around the world tour this summer. Last year I went to Beijing and stayed at the Crown Plaza. While the room and service was decent, I elected to go with a hotel that was a bit more inexpensive but still in same area. Having read positive reviews for Tianlun Dynasty and saw it was in same area, I decided to go with it and was not disappointed. More than a few reviewers of this hotel mention the rooms facing the atrium and their annoyance at the music from piano in atrium lobby. Its worth noting that the Tianlun and Crown Plaza both had pianos in their atrium lobbies, which came alive during dinner. They had either a singer entertaining the dinner crowd or just music playing but at both hotels, music was over at a decent time to be able to sleep comfortably overnight. I understand the lure of western style Crown Plaza , however I dont think that the asian influenced style and service of Tianlun Dynasty should be a deterrent. If they refer to themselves as a 4 star hotel its because the rooms are clean, nicely sized, sufficient toiletries, prompt housekeeping services, fitness center and in room internet access. Yes the style is dated but i think thats part of the charm. as far as it being a smoking hotel--China is a smoking country. heck, the pollution in China overall is no secret and known worldwide--you can literally see the haze. as far as finding people who speak english in China in general is a task in itself. but still, when you travel, you manage to exchange information somehow and it helps to learn a few words in their language instead of us always expecting others around the world to speak our language. If you want boutique, chic trendy hotel, then dont stay here. Stay here if you want a hotel in a great location, within walking distance of Forbidden City, night market, shopping center and great value for your money. Furthermore, they have a killer lunch buffet. Here's where Tianlun beats Crown Plaza. The buffet has everything from grilled meats, all sorts of veggies, any fresh fruit and juices, even haggen daz ice cream. you can even have Peking duck everyday and its great--by the way the Quanjude Duck restaurant was way over-rated. Im from NY and Peking duck here is way better on any corner in chinatown. but i digress, i highly recommend this lovely hotel. also..if anyone is interested in using a private , patience and very personable driver who speaks decent english, feel free to contact me. we used him last year and again this time around. both times, he was always very professional and kind. great experience in china overall.	
Jul 23 2007	Would opt to stay in familiar Western chain hotel next time	Stayed with large group at this hotel. Pros: *The location is terrific...near the night market and busy shopping district. Can walk everywhere. Felt safe in small groups or alone. *The huge internal atrium area where there is music, dining, bar area. Great place to sit, have a pot of green tea or a cocktail, connect to the internet and plan the next days event. *The desk agent on the executive lounge floor was very helpful (language a bit of a barrier) in translation English to Mandarin for taxi cards. Cons:*It is a smoking hotel and I had a hard time breathing and had a sore throat for several days. I had to open the windows to air out the room but my room was on the outside overlooking the church next door so noise and air pollution was a constant.*Poor English/communication from staff...from the front desk to the restaurants, it was impossible to communicate if you do not know minimal Mandarin. They were not able to give anyone a non-smoking room and did not appear eager to help resolve the complaints from non-smokers. *Rooms were dated and could have used a good cleaning. *There seemed to be some questionable activities going on with the karaoke bars and lounges which we learned were not run/managed by the hotel but rather third party. It gave the hotel a bit of a questionable atmosphere.	
Jul 3 2007	Four stars is a joke	This is definitely not a four-star facility by any definition. Rooms were small and fixtures and furniture dated. Lobby layout and materials were old and sagging. Staff in general were fine though service and attitude were distinctly inferior to Hong Kong. Location is good. This problem of overrating hotels is endemic in the PRC. The only hotels that reasonably correspond to their ratings are those that are of western origin. I most likely will not stay here again.	
May 12 2007 	Excellent hotel but don't organise trips through hotel	Stayed in Tianlun Dynasty for a week. First few days stayed in a standard room and then stayed in deluxe for last two days. Both room types were excellent. Although got better view in deluxe, there wasn't much in it. Bathroom was slightly nicer and decor of room was bit more polished. Hotel staff were very pleasant but didn't their English was not as good as I was expecting.If you do stay, don't forget to bring a laptop since you get free internet access in room. We didn't so used business centre downstairs for 20yuan for 10 minutes after the first 10 free minutes. We then found a &quot;cyber bar&quot; on side street south west from hotel where it was 3yuan / hour.Went to Chinese opera (a trip organised through hotel) which was okay but a bit overpriced for an hour performance. Also considered the Great Wall trip through hotel for about 300 yuan pp but found a far cheaper price (150 yuan pp) at a travel agent on the side street south of the church next to the Tianlun.If you need to call home, you need to buy an IP card (rather than an IC card) and you can then make cheaper phone calls back home from the hotel room.Also stayed in Park Plaza hotel in Beijing - comparing the two, I would recommend the Tianlun. Although the Park Plaza is more chique and modern, the Tianlun rooms are still excellent and the hotel has more character. Furthermore, the Tianlun location on the Wanfujing High Street was extremely useful and very close to Forbidden City and other tourist things.	
Apr 27 2007 	Beijing by foot	We chose this hotel because the price was reasonable and the location was near the Imperial Palace. The hotel was much nicer than we had expected for the price. It had a lovely, huge inner atrium which was especially nice in the winter. The room was satisfactory. But what we liked most was being able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. We only had to take the subway once, to a distant duck restaurant. To stay within our budget, we didn't eat at the hotel. Instead we found noodle shops (with pictures) within a block of the hotel.	
Apr 16 2007 	Tianlun Dynasty is a great hotel	I want to recommend the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel. It turned out to be a great choice. Location is fabulous, next to the main commercial shopping area and walking distance to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. It is not on the American hotel circuit, so it has an international clientele, which we prefer. Has a beautiful central atrium--complete with palm trees and fountains and soft music in the evening--which provides a lovely haven from the rigors of Beijing street life. Yes, perhaps its a bit tacky, but still a nice environment. Warning: make sure you get an outside room, with street exposure, rather than on this atrium. Other reviews have warned that you can hear the music at night, and I think it is probably true. If you can splurge, reserve a higher floor, with open views. We had a lovely view of the Forbidden City on the 10th floor. This is the Executive Floor, a bit more expensive, but you get free breakfast, so I believe it evens out. (We got a good deal on hotels.com) The staff is lovely, although not many speak much English, which is true of Beijing in general and part of the experience. But the concierge was able to write where we wanted to go in Chinese so that we could show it to the cab driver, and the travel desk was very helpful. We booked a car and guide from the hotel for days when we wanted to have an easier time getting around.	
Apr 15 2007 	great stay	had a great 2 night stay at this hotel. Great location, very clean spacious rooms with huge bed , seating area and smart bathroom. The staff were very friendly, helpful and spoke good English.We were only in for breakfast which had a good selection of foods.We ordered room service the night we got there and had the most delicious club sandwiches ever!!Unfortunately, we did not even see the pool area due to the time constraints of our trip but would definately recommend this hotel.It is a 30 minute walk, 5 min taxi ride, from Tiananmen Square .	
Apr 5 2007 	Luxurious Stay	Tidy and neat hotel with a good location. Extremely good brekfeast!	
Mar 4 2007 	Great Service!	I stayed at Tianlun Dynasty Hotel for a week during the end of February. I would recommend it to anyone!- The service was very friendly and reliable. Most of the staff had knowledge of English and a few were very fluent.- My room was spacious and very clean. I upgraded my room to the executive floor and the &quot;extras&quot; were worth it. There's a lounge with coffee and finger foods available at certain times and there's always an employee on standby to help with your room if needed.- Hotel location was excellent and couldn't have been any better.- I ate at the hotel restaurants a couple of times...it was a little pricey, but the quality of the food was well worth the money.Food tips: - Try the peking duck in the restaurant in the basement. Pricing is moderate and it tastes great!- If you get room service, try the club sandwich!I will stay at this hotel the next time I'm back in Beijing.	
Feb 27 2007 	perfect Location	I stayed here in Feb 2007. I found the location was great and the staff were really helpful. The room was very clean and spacious with the biggest bed I have ever seen. The courtyard is lovely for having a relaxing evening drink but be warned its not cheap. The same is said for the mini bar it was madly over priced but you get that in every hotel. There is a shop just across the road where you can get drinks for your room at a 10th of the price. I would defiantly stay here again.	
Feb 24 2007 	Nice	We stayed here for 4 nights during a trip round China. It was chosen after eading reviews on here. It was a nice hotel, not luxurious but adequate. It was conveniently located being a short walk from Tiananman Square. The staff were friendly and helped us arrange a car to take us to the Great Wall.Overall a nice convenient hotel.	
Feb 8 2007	One of the nicest hotels i have been to in China	I stayed at this hotel for 3 days on business. The staff was very friendly and could all speak relatively decent english with some staff being able to speak proficiently. I think a few of the workers went to school in canada, austrailia, and the USA. The facilities were very clean and service was excellent. The highlight of the stay is the big open concept courtyard in the middle of the hotel. I spent a fair amount of time just relaxing and enjoying the environment.I stayed on the dynasty floor (10th floor) which offers guests alot of vip services such as conference center, coffee and drinks and snacks, its own receptionist, english magazines and newspapers, and discounts at the restaurants.There are alot of restaurants to choose from at the hotel. I think there was at least 3 chinese cuisine restaurants alone. shanghai style, hunan style with peking duck and an upscale cantonese restaurant with shark fin soup and abalone. The restaurants are not cheap but the food is delicious.I would come back here on vacation in beijing. There are many historic sites and shopping districts very close to the hotel. pricing listed on their website is pretty high but u can book the hotel for a fair price on most online hotel booking websites.i wish i brought my camera to take pictures of the hotel. There was a few special events happening and the decorations were unbelievable.	
Nov 9 2006 	Tianlun Dynasty-A great hotel	We stayed in the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel in Beijing for 5 days after a 12 day cruise. I must say we enjoyed our stay in Beijing and this hotel more than the cruise. The hotel room (9th floor) was large, clean, and comfortable. The hotel service was great. People at the desk and guest services spoke English and were most accommodating. Anyone who couldn't understand what we wanted quickly ran to get someone who did. We didn't take advantage of their many services but did go to 2 of their restaurants and 3 tours they offered. The hotel is beautiful and right on Wangfujing Street. (The main street in Beijing) Taxis were not expensive in Beijing but the drivers knew no English. The ones we used were very nice and the hotel doorman told them where we wanted to go. (Always carry your hotel name and address written in Chinese to show the driver) on your way home.We would stay there again if ever in Beijing and would recommend it to everyone. Bill &amp; Dona Johnston, Boring, Oregon USA	
Sep 22 2006 	Average tourist hotel - but good for China w/ a great location	The Tianlun Dynasty Hotel is located centrally in the center of Beijing on Wangfujing Street. Our tour guide claimed it to be a 5-star hotel, which perhaps for China, it is; however, it is definitely not a 5-star hotel. It IS a good hotel - comparable to a Sheraton and the likes and has most of the standard hotel amenities. The staff is cordial and the biggest plus is that hotel guests get 10 minutes of internet access at the business center free (after that, it's 2 yuan per minute or about 25 cents per minute). The buffet breakfast at the hotel is ok - has your standard western breakfast (eggs made to order, cereals, various breads &amp; danishes, bacon, sausage ...) as well as some Chinese food (rice porridge, dim sum, etc). But overall, the breakfast isn't as good as some other breakfasts at hotels in China. Overall, a good hotel for tourists looking for a central location and decent rooms (clean, decently appointed, enough Chinese &amp; international TV stations, private bath, mini-bar, etc.).	
Aug 2 2006 	Comfortable stay	My Husband and I were in Beijing for a conference and spent 8 nights at the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel. We opted to stay in the city and taxi to the conference center north of the city. This hotel is in an excellent location. It is a 2 km walk to Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City and a 5 min taxi ride to the Silk Market, Temple of Heaven and other popular attractions. The hotel sits on Wangfujing Dajie a main shopping street with several malls and stores. Plus, there is a grocery store across the street in the basement of one of the malls where you can purchase large bottles of water and snacks. The hotel concierge will write out cards for you in Chinese to give to your taxi to drive you anywhere in the city. Buy a city map ahead of time and be prepared for the taxi to shuttle you all around the city to take you to your destination 2 blocks away. We took full advantage of the food options available at Tianlun. The buffets are pricey, but it was a great way for my husband to try some more adventurous cuisine. Our main complaint with the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel is similar to others; the walls are thin and it can seem a bit noisy at times. Since the a/c was on almost the entire time, it offered white noise, which masked some of the noise in the hallway and on the street. The staff are very helpful and speak English well. Don't expect this to be a 5 star hotel. If you want newer and fancier, book a room across the street at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza, which is on the higher end of accomodations. That said, we found the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel very comfortable and a great price for its location and services.	
Jun 26 2006	Great location great stay	We spent 4 nights here and it was the perfect base for our stay in Beijing. Great location in the heart of busy shopping district. Room was really comfortable and all the staff were very friendly. Music from the courtyard was noticeable at first but we soon blanked it out. Good breakfast buffet too. Nice calm hotel in very busy city !	
Jun 18 2006	Good Choice for Short Stay	I enjoyed a 3 day stay here recently. As other folks mention they have a courtyard with classical music. The local is pretty good as well.Yes, the music does get annoying after a few days but the rooms are good quality and most importantly I was able to get the room for $125/night.If you're going for 2-3 days a good choice at $125.	
Jun 8 2006 	Really nice hotel!Ask for renovated rooms	We were a group of four people and we reserved for a good price through expedia. I had chosen the hotel based on the reviews on tripadvisor and also on their website. The rooms looked modern and nice and everyone seemed to like the hotel and it's location. We got there after a grueling 30 hour trip from Miami and we had reserved one king-size room for me and my husband and two double beds for our firiends. The check-in was too long,there was only a reservation for two king sizes and it took a while to clear that up. They said they had upgraded us to an executive room (we had booked a superior room) and I felt satisfied. Upon reaching our room,however, I found out that the upgrade was only for our friends and that we had gotten a room staright from the Mao era: dingy,worn out...just plain UGLY! As we were spending 9 nights there,I called reception and asked them to change our room. I had to speak to about three different people before I got the manager.5 minutes later, the bellboy was at our door and showed us to our new room: much much nicer.Smaller, but at least it was renovated.Regarding the noise , that's another problem: Yes, there is music every night in the central indoor courtyard,but it finishes at 10:30 pm.However, and due to the design of this courtyard (really high roof,very beautiful but also great at carrying sound) just the noise of people having dinner/drinks carries up to the rooms when the music is over. I'm not sure how much of that noise can actually be heard inside the rooms that face the inside,since our room was facing the outside and, truth be told, the dingy inside-facing room at least has double wiondow-panes,but when we went to get the elevators you could really feel the way sound carries. Perhaps I am over-sensitive to noise but the outside facing rooms were also a bit noisy due to the traffic outside.Nothing that couldn't be remedied with a good pair of earplugs,though. The other noise complaint comes from the corridors themselves. If what you want is to sleep in, forget it;when people use the corridors and speak, you can hear everything from inside your room...there are no double doors,which would have helped. Another thing I did not like was the massage service: I went down and had one and the woman did not leave the room as I was undressing but rather stood there looking at me.During the massage, her hands went uncomfortably near areas which they should not have gone near,all very awkward and not at all relaxing.The beds were alsop rock-hard in the rooms...I personally like softer beds.All this said, the location is great, walking distance from tianamen,forbidden city and shopping.the pool was nice, the breakfast buffet was also good and for the price we paid it was a good value for money.It was a comfortable hotel, safe and clean with western style bathrooms and rooms,nice people working there,oriental service.	
May 9 2006	Loved the Tianlun Dynasty Hotel!	This hotel is absolutely wonderful: great English-speaking staff, excellent housekeeping services, clean rooms, and fantastic location. This hotel is gleaming with a 5-star rating, and it truly was a luxurious refuge from the hustle of sightseeing and shopping. Each room had a Western bathroom, A/C, and free internet access. There is an indoor swimming pool; but, don't forget to pack a swim cap (mandatory here). Room service is excellent and the staff is very accommodating. Because I had reserved a room at this hotel later in the trip, I left one heavy luggage with the concierge for two and a half weeks (at no cost; just keep your luggage tag receipt). This enabled us to travel around China without carrying a bag full of souvenirs, and for this, I am so grateful to the Tianlun Dynasty hotel for being considerate to their clients.A taxicab ride from the Beijing airport to the hotel takes about 45 minutes and should cost about 100 yuan. If it's anything more, let the bell boy or bell girl assist you in getting the correct rate, when you arrive.There are plenty of things to do in Beijing. To get to Tian'anmen Square, it is about a 15 to 25 minute walk. St. Joseph Catholic church is next door, and a popular shopping area (Wangfujing Street) is around the corner. Another worthy shopping area is the Silk Market, which is about a 15 to 20 minute cab ride from the hotel. At the Silk Market, be prepared to bargain down the price to 75% of what they're asking. For other activities, such as the Great Wall of China, the hotel has a travel agency that can arrange it for you. Another plus is that there is an ATM on the hotel premises that accepts most cards.I plan on staying here during my next trip to Beijing, and would recommend it to you!	
Apr 22 2006 	Excellent Hotel......	Spent 6 nights at the hotel. Great location close to restaurants, shopping and 10 min walk form TS. Hotel is well run. Room was very comfortable. The courtyard (center of the hotel) is very nice in the evening when they serve a buffet and have live classical music. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My only complaint is the breakfast buffet. It is decent but not nearly as sumptutious as I found in some less expensive hotels. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 13 2005	Excellent	Great hotel &amp; centrally located! Extremely pleased with my stay. Well-maintained rooms. Excellent service &amp; helpful staff. Executive floor with limited view of forbidden city &amp; complimentary continental breakfast, evening appetizers and drinks (although breakfast buffet included in rate). Very pleased with my stay. Given the bad experience I encountered with the Prime Hotel (also listed as a 4 star hotel), I could not believe the diffence in service &amp; accommodations!	
Nov 6 2005	A good Hotel	Was offered by Crowne plaza to stay in this hotel after Crowne plaza failed to open on 1/11/05. This hotel is directly oposite the Cowne plaza. Stayed for 3 nights in TianLun Dynasty. A very good hotel, excellent rooms, specially requested prior to booking, twin beded room and was given 1 large bed (5') and 1 large single (4') which was fine with us as we have 2 adults and 1 child. Their standard twin beded room is 2 no of single beds. Front desk is very helpful and efficient, Concige was strong and house keeping is very good. Plus point, in room dining is 24 hours ordered a very good Hainan chicken rice for supper. Location is very good, Macdonalds, Bakery is a short 3 minutes walk away in Tong An market complex. The hawker street is just 3 minutes walk away. Would recomend anyone to stay there. Only minus point is that there is no direct access to this hotel from Wang fu zing. you would have to walk to a side lane to enter through the main entrance.	
Oct 25 2005	Wonderful hotel	We recently stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our 18 day tour in China. Room was very nice with a view of the church and open courtyard next door. The inner courtyard was beautiful! We had great breakfast buffets every morning with both full Western and full Chinese choices, including an omelet/egg station. This hotel is downtown just off the main shopping area and is handy to The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 30 2005	Excellent location		
Aug 31 2005	Tianlun Dynasty and Beijing		
Aug 1 2005	disappointed		
Jul 7 2005	Great location but thats about it		
Jun 3 2005	Great Hotel		
Mar 28 2005	Tianlun Dynasty's 5 stars well deserved		
Mar 10 2005 	Quality Hotel		
Jan 8 2005	nice!		
Nov 4 2004	Highly recommend!		
Sep 29 2004	Good night in Beijing		
