Nov 24 2009 	Beautiful warm hotel	We stayed for 5 nights last week, and this is definately a 5 star hotel. We arrived by taxi around 5pm, and were swiftly checked in and given a welcome drink. We were shown up to our room, which was huge, with separate lounge area, massive bathroom and closed off bedroom area. We only got the cheapest class of room, but I couldn't have wanted anymore. We didn't have a view of anything, but it was so quiet I couldn't fault the room location.As discussed previously, the hotel is perfectly located on the main Shopping street Wangfujing, with a subway station 30 seconds walk away. Tiananmen Sq and Forbidden City are about 10 mins walk away (we are slow walkers!)Our room was cleaned each day with fresh towels and bottled water, and bed turned down at night with a bedtime story on your pillow (although I would have preferred a chocolate!)Breakfast was served in the East33 restaurant each morning and while the selection of food is outstanding, the 'hot' food left a lot to be desired... Most pancakes/hash browns/ rice/ dumplings etc were almost cold and the french toast was like a rock. One morning we had breakfast at 6.30am when the restaurant first opened and it was much better. The cold food selection of fruit/pastries/cereals is great. The mini bar was extortionately expensive - even for a five star hotel. A small OJ was over $10!! Anyway, don't take from it and it's not a problem! The night markets are just up the road and plenty of restaurants and things to see up there.We had room service one night of Sweet and Sour Pork and it was stunning, the best I've ever eaten.Would definately stay again!	
Nov 11 2009 	excellent stay	I staye with my family for 4 nights.Excellent hotel with great location and wonderful attention to detail. Recommed the seafood at the casual restaurant, had some of the freshest and best lobsters we have eaten.	
Nov 8 2009 	Raffles is the BEST! Period No Discussion	I have stayed in several hotels in Beijing over the last five years, including both Ritz Carltons, the Grand Hyatt, Intercontinental, Regents, China World, and more.The Raffles is my new home during stays in Beijing. From the moment you enter, John Spooner greets you with warm tea and literally acts as your personal butler during the duration of your stay. The check in process is smooth and flawless.The rooms are nicely appointed, having stayed in a junior suite. The beds are a little hard, but having travelled thru Asia, I have become accustomed to this reality. The internet worked perfectly (complementary wireless) and I run high bandwidth applications.Breakfast was delish! A great spread and no complaints. I did not eat additional meals at the hotel.All things considered, the Raffles is in a great location. Close to the shopping malls, the Forbidden City and Tianmen Square. I strongly recommend this hotel to all - absolutely no complaints.	
Nov 1 2009 	Dream came true at Raffles Beijing.	To be greeted with a hot cup of herbal tea was that little touch which was to be the start of a great stay at Raffles Beijing, the service was excellant, the beds were very comfortable, the food was exceptional. My wife and I had been planning to come to China for many years and was a little apprehensive as we had read and was told so many stories of hotels and service. Having stayed at The Raffles in Singapore I knew it would be hard to match in China. I could not fault it in any sections. Congratulations Raffles Beijing well done.	
Oct 14 2009 	Raffles bring style and charm to a great city	Raffles may be one of the newest hotels in Beijing, but is surely one of the best.The hotel is perfectly located near most of the city center's historic sites and within walking distance of most good restaurants, shopping, and the new Performing Arts Center (a must see).The service at Raffles was superb. A special highlight is John Spooner the &quot;Raffles Ambassador&quot; who seemed to be everywhere and eager to talk and listen to every guest he encountered. We had a beautiful, large room in the &quot;old&quot; building and later learned that some of the rooms in the new building are even larger. The spa was perfect for us as jet-lagged arrivals and the choice of hotel restaurants was diverse and of top caliber.If you're looking for a comfortable, classy, immaculate, top-of-line hotel with five star service, Raffles should be your choice.	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfection	Feeling a little apprehensive going to China, it was agreat great relief to be welcomed to Raffles. John the Ambassador was always in the Lobby to greet us on arrival and sadly to say goodbye. We could not fault the hotel in any department, from the breakfast to to intimate dining at Jaan the contemporary French restaurant.Loving my Ipod Touch it was fantastic that the hotel was free wi fi, it is a bonus not even needing a password.The hotel next to Tianamen Square was great as there are so many attractions in the area. Check in check out was with the minimum of fuss, It was a great to be pamperpered before our 2 weeks travel in ChinaWe went to Capital M the new restaurant overlooking Tianamen Sq from the founders of M on the Bund in Shanghai, it lived up to the reputation, the food was delicious, (European), and the view was amazing.Beijing is the place to go and I would love to come back next year for the World Expo in Shanghai and of course come back to the famous Raffles.	
Oct 12 2009 	Historic grandeur in great location	We had advised that we would be arriving before noon and were really pleased that our room was ready for us. We received the ‘earlybird’ complimentary room upgrade to an executive room which was very spacious. We asked for a quiet room on a high floor and were a little worried to see that we overlooked a building site but this was not too noisy. We had access to the club lounge and thought this was good value for money with a reasonable selection of drinks and excellent canapés for a couple hours in the evening. The Writers Bar was also quite cosy for after dinner drinks. There was a good choice of food at breakfast but the quality of the cooked food could have been better. My main complaint is the lack of tables for the number of guests especially if there are any coach parties. This meant that we were asked to share a table. We ate in the hotel’s Jaan restaurant (French fusion) and thought that the food and service was excellent. There was a much appreciated cake for my husband’s birthday but thankfully no fuss. John (the Ambassador) and the concierge both made some good recommendations for nearby restaurants. Our favourite was Sadler (Italian fusion by 2 star Michelin chef) where the food and the service was truly outstanding. As other reviewers have commented this hotel is ideally located for Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. We did not arrange any excursions through the hotel as we had our own car and guide.	
Oct 8 2009 	Absolutely Amazing	We stayed at Raffles for 5 days in September last year and we enjoyed it very much! We arrived a little too early so we had to wait in the lobby for an hour but that didn't matter, we got news papers, tea &amp; biscuits and we had a chat with the australian hotel manager. When we got our rooms we were very pleased, the rooms were huge compared to other metropolitan hotelrooms. Everything was clean and perfect. Beds were to die for, so comfortable! The hotel staff (everyone I talked to spoke a very good English) was very helpful with cabs and addresses. We had breakfast at the hotel every morning, the food was excellent, plenty of everything and tons of fresh fruit. The hotelhas the best location ever! Worth every little penny! And for my birthday, the hotel had baked a cake that was sent to my room, I was moved almost moved to tears, that was true hospitality!We had the best stay, thank you!	
Sep 11 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	My family and I stayed in the Raffles during our visit to Beijing and we were very happy with the facilities and service. The rooms were a good size for a family of 4. It is very conveniently located, next to the Wangfujiang street and close too Tiannenman Sq. It was lovely to be able to retreat into its tranquil surroundings after a hectic day sightseeing or shopping. However, my children would have love a better pool to relax in at the end of the day.	
Sep 6 2009 	the best hotel	We stayed at the Raffles Beijing for 6 nights in September. It was simply the best. We enjoyed the breakfast, especially the Chinese food section. The staffs were very helpful. The conceige recommended Da Dong for the Peking duck dinner and it was a delightful meal and the price was reasonable.	
Sep 2 2009 	Quiet simply the best hotel in Beijing	Absolutely excellent, the rooms are above expectations, the breakfast is superb mixture of chinese and western, there seafood night in the restaurant is first class and is a must.There is no better location in Beijing, and there are a lot of English speaking staff, and a English relations manager available for all information.There is a happy hour every evening in the bar, and the Gym and swimming pool are very good.Myself and two teenagers could not pick fault with this Hotel	
Sep 1 2009 	Dont Stay out after 10:30PM ON Aug 28th	Gorgeous hotel in fantastic location. Staff very pleasant and helpful(most of the time)!!! We stayed in a room on the 6th floor, which was lovely with a king size bed, massive tv, seperate shower and bath, fridge. Rooms were in impecible condition and cleaned twice a day with wee extras such as fruit, flowers etc. Our only main issue with this hotel was when we went on a day out and tried to return to the hotel to find all the streets closed off by the police due to a national day of celebration (which the hotel had not informed us about). When we called the hotel to tell them we were stranded, they basically told us there was nothing they could do and that we should try and find somewhere else to stay for the night. This would be ok if we had our passports with us, as every hotel in China requires ID (no exceptions) to check in. So basically, we were homeless for the night but paying for a 5 star hotel. Needless to say we were pretty miserable and upset. When returning to the hotel at 5:30 in the morning, when the roads finally opened up to the public, we complained to the duty manager who took our room number and said he would look in to it and get in touch-we never heard anything till the last day when we met the manager who said that letters had been sent telling guests about the holiday-we did not recieve anything!! After long discussions we managed to get our bill for room service scrapped and a free late check-out and a sincere apology! We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone-just beware of any national celebrations (or maybe carry your passport just in case)!!	
Aug 28 2009 	business + leisure	After a week doing business in Beijing, I had a few days to see the sights.The hotel was great for work as it had the subway at the front door, the free wi.fi throughout the hotel was a real bonus, the bed was soft and the breakfast and the staff were unforgetable. The location was perfect to do my jogging around Tianamen Square. I thoroughly recomend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	My Dream Vacation	After dreaming of going to China my dreams came true and I was not disappointed with China and with the Hotel I stayed Raffles. To be able to walk to The Forbidden City, and Tianmen Square and to come back and have my bed turned down with a Fable on my pillow of old Pekin. The room was perfect, with a view of Chang An Ave, it was huge. The smiling service from the bell hops to the wait staff were very well trained. John the Ambassador was always on hand to tell us where to go and what to do. The Fitness Centre was a state of the art facility, was great after a day sightseeing. Breakfast was a hightlight of the day. I thought the hotel was good value.	
Aug 16 2009 	5 star	We had a great vacation in Raffles Beijing hotel. The first room we were put in had a view to inner yard and we requested to change it to one with better view as we stayed here for ten days. The room we got was spacious on the 3rd floor and had a view to E. Chang An. Ave.Breakfast is very good and they even make specialty coffees if requested. Other services, like arranging trips and taxis for us worked perfectly. Only minus is that the use of the Business Center is only for Club Lounge members and they sell the package for the membership for 250 RMB's a night, which is quite hign price for only B.C. usage, as we did have already free Internet and other perks by American Express.	
Aug 12 2009 	A real oasis	After spending a week in China, it was a dream to come to Raffles.The location said it all, next to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City.The only historic hotel in Beijing and restored to perfection. The most attentive staff from the Concierge to the restaurant, it was the small details that were the highlight, the turndown fable that was left on the pillow gave us a feeling of long ago when travel was an adventure	
Aug 9 2009 	Exquisite and very charming hotel with unsurpassed service/staff.	Elegant hotel catering to all one's needs. Great central location near Forbidden City, Tiannamen Square and Beijing's pretigious shopping.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great place with a wonderful location	We were at this hotel fro 8 days prior to taking a cruise. We loved the place, the service, the location, the food. The hotel has a great managemet!We would like to go back again!	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Stay and Great Location!!!	Stayed in Oct 2008 with my family. This is hotel is boutique hotel so the service they gave is exceptional. The rooms were very spacious and nice along with the bathrooms. We got free wireless internet, so that was a plus. Also for hotel guests only, they exchange RMB currency without a transaction fee. My bro-in-law booked it with his American express and we got a free foot massage at the hotel. It came in handy after walking the Great Wall :). We also got free breakfast buffet with the credit card. The breakfast buffet has Chinese as well as American food. You can eat eggs, bacon, french toast, or you go chinese and get Rice congee or wonton soup. The wonton soup is a must (they have the wonton meat prepped and assemble the wonton in front of you and boil it fresh). I got like 3 bowls of wonton soup every morning...I think the guy making the wonton soup hated me by the 3rd and last day...haha. Location is very good. It's only a 10 min drive down the street to Tianamen sqaure and the forbidden city. There's also a mongolian bbq place nearby. Wangfujing is also a 5-10 min walk from the hotel. Great place to shop and eat some street vendor food. Street vendor food is cheap for the late night snackers reading this. The subway stop for Wangfujing is also closeby as well. I recommend the subway over taxi or private car. Beijing traffic is horrible. If you go to Beijing, this hotel has it all. Stay HERE!	
Jun 28 2009 	worst "french" meal ever	We dined in the Jaan restaurant (25jun09) expecting a meal to match the hotel reputation and the impressive décor. I ordered cod. Easy enough I thought. I was served with a piece of white substance about 2 1/2 inches square and about 1/2 inch high with the subsistence of a road kill. It did not look, smell or tasted like cod. Perhaps I am spoiled by the UK fish and chips shop?The portions in general were reminiscent of the 1980 minimalist haute cuisine era and the only saving grace of the entire event was the excellent service. Just need to sack the chef.	
Jun 20 2009 	As good as advertised	My daughter and I stayed at the Raffles Beijing Hotel for four nights during the first week in June. We found this to be one of the best hotels of our trip to China (second only to the Intercontinental in Hong Kong) in terms of the overall hotel experience, and I won't repeat all of the positive attributes listed by prior reviewers. Raffles does a good job of being attentive without smothering, and the concierge desk was excellent--all of their recomendations for restaurants were very good, and they spoke good English. Frankly, the service at the morning breakfast buffet was better than most of the expensive full service restaurants we went to in China. We did not eat at the hotel restaurants other than the buffet, as Beijing has such a wide variety of very good specialty restaurants.As noted by other reviewers, the location is excellent--10-15 minutes from Forbidden City, and right next to the main shopping street (Wangfuching). Even if you are not shoppers (we are not), the people watching helps you understand the dramatic contrast between modern China and its rural heritage, as there are literally tour groups from smaller cities constantly moving down the street. I would also add that the hotel is very close to a subway entrance, which we found quicker than taxis.We stayed in the older wing of the hotel, in a Landmark room, which was quite spacious. Nicely appointed, though a minor nit is that if you are assigned a room facing the street, you do get a fair amount of street noise. I would recommend that you check multiple websites should you choose this hotel--at the time of our booking in March, there was a wide variety of pricing, and we were able to get $167/night---including breakfast and free internet---which I thought quite reasonable for a hotel of this caliber.To sum up, we were very pleased with the hotel, and would certainly recommend--especially to those who do not have much time in Beijing, as its central location allows you to see the major sites in a time efficient manner.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great hotel - great location - Raffles Beijing	When booking our cruise we forgot that we arrived at the start to the festivities and on Mayday, we docked in Xingang, the port for Beijing that day!Transfer took three hours (on non holiday may have been 2 to 2 ½ hours). We stayed four nights at the Raffles BeijingThe hotel is situated within 5 – 10 minutes walk from Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City, and has a nice shopping just around the corner, great central hotel.On arrival were great by friendly staff, shown to coffee seats, given a drink and staff ran around booking us in! Great no hanging around reception desks.We found the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The meals in the restaurant were great, the buffet breakfast was included with large selection of eastern and western foods, great selection of fresh fruit juices and eggs cooked to order, super with the cooked ham. Evening buffet we really enjoyed and was impressive.The restaurant staff were fantastic in assisting what food was gluten free (one of us is a celiac) and found no problems having a nice tasty gluten free meals.We had to check out at 0600 no problem to the hotel they provided two fantastic carry out breakfast boxes, one being gluten free, great.Our room or I should say suite was fantastic, extremely nicely furnished.Would we stay again, moist defiantly a firm yes	
Jun 9 2009 	Luxury in the middle of bustling Beijing	My husband, and another couple we were travelling with stayed at this wonderful hotel last October and we were so thrilled that we were able to get a great deal for 2 nights here, even if it was during Golden Week. We spend the first 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza (also a great option) and explored the southern highlights of this huge city and then switched to this hotel to explore the Forbidden City/Lama Temple/Tianenmen Square area. The location is magnificent, literally steps from the biggest and most famous square in the world. the city was packed with tourists from far flung areas as well as Chinese residents enjoying their holidays so the hotel was a wonderful oasis to return to after a long day of sightseeing. Great service, elegant rooms (we got a junior suite), wonderful amenities in the modern and spacious bathrooms. Authentic decor, artwork and textiles made this hotel more appealing. Great touches like a jogging map on a lanyard, city guides in the room and attentive concierge who purchased our phone card when we merely mentioned that we were wondering where to buy one from. They were back in 10 minutes with instructions on how to use it in perfect english. the restaurant was wonderful; the breakfast was excellent and started our day right. they were even so kind as to open the restaurant earlier JUST FOR US one morning since our flight was at 6am. They put out a smaller assortment of breakfast items and beverages but were so kind, accommodating for a larger hotel. We were impressed by the level of service for sure. They served refreshments and snacks at the executive lounge, which was just great when we nipped back in the afternoon to relax in between excursions.	
Jun 9 2009 	PERFECT HOTEL - PERFECT STAFF JUST PERFECT	Have just returned with husband from our annual long weekend without kids break. This time we chose Beijing as we have always longed to see the Great Wall.After reading reviews on Trip Advisor and checking out the best location for our whistle stop tour (5 nights from home) we decided on Raffles. We were met with cheerful friendly faces early in the morning after experiencing (the first of many) horrendous taxi drives through the city! We were in a executive suite - spacious with separate living area, king size bed. Very modern, tasteful, quiet and clean. They have Happy Hour every evening from 5 - 8 pm and cocktails approx £4.50, beer £3.. The lobby and the bar is very spacious and elegant and wants to make you sit in it!. The location is perfect - just down the road from the Forbidden City, Tian amen square etc. Next door to the shopping street (which we didnt have time or inclination to do!).The breakfasts were superb - and the quality of the ingredients and variety really were some of the best I have had in a 5 star hotel. Quite often I find that many 5 star hotels have a large display and choice, but when you come to eat, it often tastes of cardboard and made from cheap ingredients (Jumeirah Beach is the best example of this). We looked forward to breakfast each morning.As for the staff, they were all extremely polite, attentitive and a special mention has to go to John Soper - hotel ambassador who was very nice, helpful and would always make time to chat and to see that every requirement was met. Also he was good with restaurant recomendations - of which there were a few good ones. Da Dong for the Peking duck experience, My Humble House (which is anything but humble) was wonderful contempory chinese food. If going to see Great Wall - do it properley and take your own taxi to Muitanyu. Go up in the gondola walk all the way as far as you can to the left, then to the right and go back down in the toboggan - great fun!. Allow about 3 hours there and be prepared for sore calves the next day!!!.We also spent the day at the Forbidden City which too was fascinating. Our last day was rainy and that was meant to be our Summer Palace day. When the rain stopped in the afternoon, we did go there and do a fast forward tour. If we had known that this was so beautiful we would have done this first!.	
Jun 3 2009 	A Great Hotel with a Graet Location	I stayed there for 3 nights while on business/sightseeing in Beijing. (My first trip to China.) The hotel is amazing. The common spaces are spectacular. My room was in the back building, and they upgraded me to a suite beacuse they were not very busy. The room was huge, the largest I've seen. It was very modern/trendy decor with an amazing bed/bedding. The bathroom was huge and all new. The room was perfectly quiet. The breakfast was excellent. Unlimited number of Chinese and American options. The staff was very accomodating and spoke excellent English. They were a great resource is showing me the sights on maps, getting me off to the right place in a taxi and giving me directions in Chinese to give to taxi drivers for my return. The location is great. Easy to get connections for business and very close to many major sights. The Forbidden City is literally next door. The gym/wieghts/treadmills etc.. were excellent. Very nice work out room. The pool area is tired. I expected more given the quality of the rest of the hotel. I can't imagine you'd find a better hotel at any price for buisness or leisure.	
May 19 2009 	My experience was outstanding...this is a 5-star hotel worth every moment	I remember reading about Raffles Beijing in a United Airlines magazine article about 3 perfect days in Beijing. I planned to be there 4 days, and this was the perfect address. The location is ideal, close to the Forbidden City and other sites, including the new National Center for Performing Arts. The hotel is luxurious. The reception area, bar and restaurants are very comfortable and inviting... especially after a day of walking. The Executive Room is designed to an ideal human scale, I think, with a work area and a bedroom area with comfortable furniture. I wasn't pleased with the construction project taking place across the street, in the back, and the hotel staff moved me to a front-facing Imperial accommodation which was more formal and larger, maybe 900 square feet in size. (The construction project will be over soon and so will the on-going construction noise.) The service was impeccable. The staff was friendly and interested in making sure I was satisfied. I would go back to this hotel because everything works very, very well. The breakfast in the morning is sumptuous. When you enter the lobby, you'll notice the lotus fragrance. I loved how my senses were pleased, with great visual aesthetics and more. And the gym is tops with great, modern equipment and plenty of room for stretching. The bathrooms are spacious and comfortable with lots of water pressure in the showers. Bottom line: great beds, very clean, bright staff that care about their guests, plus the pleasures of great food, service and location.	
Apr 16 2009 	Top class well located hotel	My husband and I stayed for three nights in April 2009, in a Landmark room. We arrived at around 7.00am straight from an overnight flight, and were delighted to find that the room was ready for us. We chose this hotel after staying recently at Raffles Singapore, and for the location. We made a very good choice. The hotel is beautifully appointed, and the service excellent. The hotel is about a 15 minute stroll to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.Breakfast at East 33 was very good, with plenty of choice. We dined there twice in the evening due to jet-lag and sightseeing exhaustion! They serve a buffet which was beautiful, with a huge selection of food and good value we thought. On the other evening, after another action packed day visiting the Great Wall, we had room service. This turned out to be a very pleasant experience, when the gentleman turned up with a table on wheels containing an oven underneath with the food in, and set it up for us in our room, much nicer than the usual tray. We looked at the menu for the french restaurant, which looked lovely, but it was very expensive and due to the previously mentioned jet lag we decided to give it a miss. You would not have wanted to be falling asleep over a meal at those sort of prices !!We were offered a package for use the Raffles Inc. lounge at 250RMB per room per night, which we decided to take up. At first we thought we might have made a mistake with this, but it turned out to be a very good move, after hearing about the prices that were being charged in the bar. The package allows for various perks, but the main thing is the use of the lounge throughout the day for soft drinks and snacks, and then between 6.00 and 8.00pm for 'cocktails' which is basically beers, wines and spirits, which you help yourself to, along with some very nice nibbles. We made very good use of this facility.A couple of tips, if a pretty young girl approaches your 40+ something husband, with reasonable english and tells him he looks 27, she is going to try and take you to a backstreet shop and sell you some very overpriced 'art'. What out for this, I had read about it before we went, but we were still diverted to said shop, as she told us the street it was on was near the back entrance to the Forbidden City. This turned out to be true, but the entrance turned out to be closed, and it cost us quite a bit of time, finding the front entrance. It would have been nice to have approached through the front entrance in the first place, but she told us this would be very busy (untrue). As you get near the shop, a friend of hers suddenly tags on, who in our case then claimed to be the artist. Just watch for this as it is a real nuisance, we saw a lot of westeners being dragged along to these shops over our time in Beijing, it happens mainly around Tianamen Square and Forbidden City. The other tip is getting around, use metered taxis, very cheap, but make sure you have the name of your hotel and destination written down in Mandarin as none on the taxi drivers speak any english.	
Apr 5 2009 	Blissful	We had a perfect stay at the Raffles in February. Our room was large and comfortable, the breakfast was top notch, the service very helpful and the location was fantastic. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I've been visiting China regularly since 1995 and this was the nicest hotel experience I have had partly because it is quite small so it feels more intimate than a lot of the larger hotels around.	
Apr 1 2009 	What a classic what's not to love	What a fantastic hotel. I absolutly loved this place!! Firstly, this hotel is very new which is certainly not the case at the next door Grand Hotel Beijing. This hotel is connected to a string of indoor offices and shopping. Also a great location because it is close to a pedestrian shopping street and across the street from the Forbidden City. Since I travelled with someone on business, this gave me time to explore both as well as excursions to the Summer Palace and part of the Great Wall. Our suite was beautiful and had a great view of the Forbidden City. The staff here is great and truely every wish is your command. We had come from the Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong and were hoping to stay at the one in Beijing, we chose this one because of the better location to offices. This is no Peninsula Hong Kong but it is certainly very nice. My first dining experience within the hotel other than room service was La Vie which serves a stellar afternoon tea. I found this tea just as good as in the Peninsula Hong Kong. I have had afternoon tea in many places and this was among the best! East 33 is another great restaurant that is traditional Pekingese cuisine. This was my first restaurant to have Peking Duck in China and pretty much had it every night for the remander of our stay! We also ate here the last night and really enjoyed it but had pizza instead that was great. Probably the best place in Beijing for Peking Duck is the restaurant that only serves it, while I cannot recall the Mandarin name, some consider this place a tourist trap although the duck is absolutly exquisite. And as an added plus, at the end of your meal you recieve a little ticket saying that you ate duck number 1 billion...... I still have mine on my desk! I ate two times at JAAN (back at Raffles Hotel) because I love french cuisine. It was absolutly stunning and loved it!!!! We only ate outside of the hotel twice throughout the week (once at the duck restaurant and the other at the adjacent Grand Hotel's Old Peking Restaurant). This restaurant was very traditional but my least favorite of all the restaurants because of the staff's inability to speak English whereas all other restaurants had great, friendly staff!!!!!I would have loved to come back for or have gone during the Summer Olympics because the Chinese did a lovely job. As another added unplanned bonus, we were able to see the some of the just completed facilities such as the athlete's residences, swimming pool building and &quot;bird's nest&quot; where the opening and closing ceremonies were held. Friends of mine were able to attend and stayed at the Ritz Carlton which was not finsihed when we were there. They absolutly loved it although I do not know where in the city it is located.	
Mar 30 2009 	Everything that you expect from a good hotel	We stayed 6 nights in their Raffles Inc Executive Room which is essentially a junior suite. The room was very spacious, luxurious and clean. Decor was contemporary and not tacky. It had all the amenities that you would want including free high speed internet, 2 flat screen TVs and a DVD player on request. Service was top-notch - e.g. everyone from bellboy, restaurant staff and front desk made it a point to remember and address me by name. Even the cook at their East33 restaurant made a point to remember what condiments I liked in my daily bowl of noodles for breakfast! The breakfast spread at their East33 restaurant was good and the high tea in the lobby, excellent. Location is another plus point. It is next to Wangfujing Street with Oriental Plaza opposite. It is also walking distance to Tiananmen and Forbidden City. If you wish to avoid traffic jams and travel by subway, Wangfujing Station is just outside the main hotel entrance.The only thing that I didn't like was the DVD player that I asked for - all the buttons on the remote were in Chinese. But this was just a minor hiccup as the overall experience was fantastic, having travelled to more than 20 countries and stayed at numerous good hotels.	
Mar 20 2009 	Luxury and the perfect location!	Beautiful all over. Elegant but not stuffy. Room was very large and comfortable. Service was superb from every possible person. The food in the basic restaurant was outstanding, creative and tasty. Not inexpensive but reasonable value for gourmet quality. Great breakfast. The location is perfect. It's a mere 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square. Five minutes in the other direction puts you on a major walking shopping street, great for an evening stroll or mid-day break. I used the business Center once and it was very efficient. Whether for business or romance, this is a great place to stay in Beijing!	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent Service 	This is a 5 Star Hotel, Staff and Service are the best. The doormen &amp; Concierge are extremely helpful. The location within walking distance of Forbidden City and Tianomen Square.	
Feb 17 2009 	Their ambassador John was most helpful	The Beijing Raffles met all of our expectations: best location, grand lobby, attentive staff, etc. We were in a &quot;personality room&quot;. This included breakfast, afternoon tea, and many other amenities. The room was in the original part of the hotel. We also used the comfortable club lounge. John, their ambassador, was most helpful. He assisted us in where to eat and what to do. One night, he walked us, in a snow storm, to the Made in China restaurant. Thanks John for making our visit most enjoyable.	
Feb 17 2009 	Luxury in the heart of Beijing	Our stay at Raffles was fantastic, the staff were all very helpful &amp; spoke very good english. Our room was spacious, clean &amp; very luxurious. One of the best things about this hotel is its location, literally just down the road from The Forbidden City, Tianmen Square &amp; round the corner from Wanfujing Street.I highly recommend this hotel	
Feb 8 2009	Affordable Luxury 	The Raffles Beijing is a five-star luxury hotel in central Beijing located just an eight-minute walk from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. It's a real deal when you consider that a room here costs just a bit more than what you'd pay for an average hotel room in N. America. I'm glad that I splurged for this hotel because I loved the tasteful lobby and public areas, the comprehensive and delicious buffet breakfast, the convenient location, not to mention the warmth and spaciousness of the Executive Inc. room (in the back part of the building).In addition to the short walking distance eastward to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, you can also walk a few blocks north and you'll be in the middle of a &quot;hutong neighborhood&quot;. From there, the possibilities for exploration are endless. The Raffles is an inexpensive taxi ride away from all of the major attractions in Beijing. For example:- the Summer Palace (60 CNY taxi ride)- Liulichang Street, for antique shopping (15 CNY taxi ride)- West Railway Station (30 CNY taxi ride)- Temple of Heaven (20 CNY)- Lama Temple / Confucius Temples (20 CNY)The hotel is also a five minute walk from the famous Wangfujing Street shopping haven. The cornerstone property is the Oriental Plaza with hundreds of stores including JNBY, Calvin Klein, MEXX, Burberry, DKNY, Hugo Boss, Bata, Bally, Coach, Swarovski, Armani, Givenchy, Nike, Ecco, Bauhaus, Swatch, Rolex, Tiffanys, Starbucks, a foodcourt, etc. etc. Further down the street are other western designer-brand stores, some Chinese stores, a mega-bookstore (can't remember it's name), a &quot;Foreign Language Bookstore&quot;, a KFC and a McDonalds.A taxi from the airport to the Raffles cost 75 CNY (= $15 Cdn) at 7 pm (relatively light traffic). The return taxi cost 100 CNY (= $20 Cdn) at 1:00 pm (heavier traffic). I didn't have to take a taxi through the rush hour, that might cost you more. Always use a meter taxi with a taxi light on top, and a sticker on the side rear windows. Taxi drivers don't seem to know what you' mean when you say you're going to &quot;the Raffles Beijing&quot;. However, the Raffles is attached to the &quot;Beijing Hotel&quot;, and taxi drivers seem to know the Beijing Hotel.The buffet breakfast was very well done. Options included freshly-prepared noodle soup (with shrimp, other seafood, and/or chicken)., freshly-prepared eggs or omelette, various hot dishes (eg. veal sausages, beans, steamed vegetables, potatoes lyonnaise, baked tomatoes w/gruyere cheese on top, fried rice), assorted fresh fruit (typically cantalope, honeydew, pineapple, papaya, and dragonfruit), breads and pastries, cereals, fresh-squeezed juices, yogurt and cheeses, sushi (not great), bacon, coffee and tea. The service was excellent. Your used plates were whisked away the instant you were finished. Fresh coffee was poured for you when your cup ran low. One thing, though, on the last few days of our stay the Raffles closed down the &quot;hot food area&quot; of the buffet. You could still get a fresh omelette or eggs, but you had to order with the waiter (it was still included with the buffet breakfast). Apparently, they do this latter method in their slower seasons.Each evening in the lobby a harpist played classical music in the lobby area. The Executive Inc. room is very spacious and clean, although nothing too fancy (the Landmark Rooms are the original rooms with more tradiional/classic furnishings and draperies). The beds are VERY FIRM. Our rooms had two twin beds in the sleeping area, separated from the 'living area' where there was a loveseat, an armchair, a desk/chair, and a large flat-screen tv. The bathroom was in two sections. One part had a toilet, bidet and bathtub. The other part had a large walk-in shower, twin basins, and a large closet with a large in-room safe (their website describes it as &quot;laptop sized&quot;). There is no view from these rooms in the back section (you're looking onto another building). The room has a small fridge, which was handy (we bought some snacks from the supermarket in the lower level of the Oriental Plaza... expensive but handy). . Also, in your room you are provided with a kettle, china teacups, tumblers, wine glasses, teaspoons, a selection of teas, and instant coffee. Other ammenities: terry towel robes, complimentary shoe shines, cloth slippers, lovely lotions, complimentary water, turndown service, hair blow dryer, swimming pool, and a top notch exercise facility.A few disappointments:1) The conceirge service: The three times I asked the conceirge to help me get a &quot;regular meter taxi&quot;, I was only once obliged, and I suspect that one time was only because I was standing beside the (Australian) hotel manager at the time, and the conceirge staff felt they had to oblige me. On the other two occasions, the conceirge summoned a non-metered car that charges you more than a regular taxi would have cost (I refused to pay, though). 2) Half way through my six-day stay at the Raffles, I walked into the Executive Lounge to enjoy Happy Hour, and was told by the Executive Lounge staff that I could no longer use the Executive Lounge because the &quot;policy had changed&quot; for those of us who'd booked our Executive rooms on Expedia. I would now have to pay 250 CNY per day to use the executive lounge!!! I asked to speak to a manager, and was permitted to use the Executive Lounge for the remainder of my visit. However, I still didn't appreciate the awkward situation I was put in (walking into a lounge and being told you can't be there! If they were changing the policy, couldn't they have notified me in advance somehow to save me this awkwardness?) Anyway, I would recommend you double-check on your entitlements re: executive lounge before you commit to your room. Note: they also changed the hours of &quot;Happy Hour&quot; without any notice to me!3) When I first checked in, we were given a Landmark Room (bedroom/ sitting area combined in 1 room) despite having paid for an Executive Inc. room (separate bedroom and sitting room). When we called the front desk about it, they wanted us to stay in the Landmark room overnight and move the next day. They said there were no more Executive Inc. rooms available. We asked to speak to a manager, and pressed the point that we didn't want to have to move rooms, but if we HAD to, we thought we should be put overnight in a two-room suite because that's what we paid for. All of a sudden one of the Executive Inc. rooms became available!!!! I mention these disappointments because I consider Tripadvisor as a forum to be impartial... to say both the good and the bad, so that future travelers can benefit ... the negative stuff is useful to either help prevent the same things from happening to someone else, or (if you can't change it) to be realistically prepared for the 'negatives' of any given hotel. Despite the negatives, we really enjoyed our stay at the Raffles and would consider staying there again. You can't beat the location, and the comfort of this classic luxury hotel.	
Feb 6 2009 	Rip Off with UnPleasent Staff	We arrived on the 3rd, greeted by Mr. Spooner who proudly announced that during the Olympics, many Royal Families dined at the hotel whilst all the teams stayed at the hotel. All I can say is, they were all disappointed, maybe it was a ploy so China would beat the other teams. The room was amazing, large, comfortable and spotlessly clean. The Restaurant where Breakfast is served also serves dinner, 2 starters 2 main course and 4 beers €102, food was poor, (was sick all night, not sure if it was the food or the fact I had not eaten for 24 hours) and service was appalling. Swimming pool is dirty and cold, changing rooms are dirty; on our first night a hooker met me after dinner at the lift and asked me if I wanted her. Mini Bar 1 Brandy, 1 Beer &amp; 1 Nuts €29.50. Breakfast was disappointing. Housekeeping was poor and generally this Hotel is 3 stars with good rooms and 5 star prices. Not even once were we asked if we were enjoying or stay or had enjoyed our stay. We say Ireland is a Rip Off; we have a lot to learn from The Raffles in Beijing.	
Jan 19 2009 	Pleasant Hotel in good location	We had a very pleasant stay at the Raffles from Dec. 27th - Dec. 31st, 2008.Check-in was super quick. The rooms are very large (we had booked a Landmark room) only the furniture is a bit too old fashioned for my taste. Internet is for free.The hotel is in walking distance to the Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, Oriental plaza shopping centre and 5 minutes by taxi (costs approx. 20 CNY=2 Euros) to the silk market. The concierge is very helpful and efficient. The (breakfast) restaurant manager Mrs. Guedes is also very nice. She supervises the breakfast service, asks the guests what they are up to for the day and makes you feel comfy at Raffles.The breakfast buffet was yummy and catered for Western and Chinese taste. Only the coffee wasn't really good.We definitely would go back to Raffles if we travel to Beijing a second time.	
Jan 3 2009 	Excellent Hotel Outstanding Service	I strongly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Beijing, especially those who are venturing to China for the first time. The booking process was very easy - I made a call to the hotel manager, who was negotiable on price. I was able to make specific requests via email, which were honored as promised. I was met at the airport by John, the hotel guest ambassador who is Australian. The hotel had arranged for me to be met of the aeroplane by an English speaking Chinese airport person who helped me to collect my bag and to go out via the VIP exit to meet the car and the hotel guest ambassador. At the hotel I was met by my own personal valet assigned by John, the guest ambassador. Elaina was excellent. She took care of all my business related and personal requests while staying at the hotel. I can't speak highly enough about the professionalism shown by all staff. The hotel prides itself on service, and the staff are well trained. Everyone is eager to please. The hotel is close to Tiannamen Square, which makes sight seeing easy. Elaina had arranged for me to take two days worth of sight seeing which also worked out very well, in addition to the business aspects of my trip. I was able to see the main sights within Beijing that I wanted to see. I am a very discerning traveller, but can only speak highly of this hotel and its staff.	
Dec 22 2008 	Plush!	This is a really plush hotel, which is great, if plush is your kind of thing. The staff really cannot be any more helpful, it felt as if there was literally a member of staff waiting around every corner to help you find your way around the premises etc, which is great if you are into that kind of lifestyle, personally I prefer feeling invisible. However, I have to add that the conscierge desk went out of their way to help us find our way, which is a real plus in Beijing, where communicating with taxi drivers can be a real challenge. One of the main benefits of staying in upmarket accommodation in Beijing is that all the staff speak excellent English! The location is also great, and they serve a good breakfast. Personally, I would only stay here if my company footed the bill (which they did); on my own expense I would prefer something more low key. The bedroom had that old school drawing room feeling (slightly unhomely, fit for Winston Churchill perhaps); the bathroom though was fantastic and massive! I couldn't figure out how to switch off all the fancy lights and had to call for help at bed-time ;)	
Nov 24 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights with our daughter &amp; husband who live in Shanghai. It was cheaper to book it direct than going through one of the usual &quot;find a hotel&quot; web sites. It is truly to be recommended.The situation is perfect for walking to Tiananman Sq., The Forbidden City &amp; the shopping area. As we waited for check in formalities to be completed tea was served to us, welcome after the flight &amp; on such a very cold day. One niggle that could have been a major problem was that when we checked in they asked for a credit card as a guarantee. We produced our Gold Master Card which the hotel said was refused. Fortunately our son in law was able to use his China Card. We subsequently discovered, on phoning Master Card in the UK ,that they had asked for identification but the hotel ignored this request. Possibly too much trouble for them or they just didn't understand what they were being asked to do. We were on the executive floor...didn't request this...&amp; found that between 5pm &amp; 7 pm the lounge was open to us for FREE tea, coffee, wine, beer &amp; a small but nice nibbles table. This included some hot snacks. Considering that a glass of wine in the bar was £20 this was some perk!!Breakfast was included in the price &amp; very good it was too. Buffet style but a very wide choice. You are able to walk thorugh the hotel, intoThe Beijing Hotel &amp; so into an Australian steak house should you be tired of rice &amp; noodles!!If you want to hire a car for the day to see the sites I would recommend that you don't use the hotel desk but walk to the Peninnsular hotel &amp; talk to the drivers outside there. It wil be much much cheaper &amp; yes they will understand you! Since the Olympics there are clearly much higher expectations from the organisers of trips as to what people are willing to pay. We had a car for about £80 for the day to see the Wall etc &amp; an organised tour would have been in the region of £200 PER PERSON We had asked for a taxi to take us back to the airport when we booked in &amp; it was there on time, not always the case in China	
Oct 12 2008 	You only get B	We stayed there for few noghts during golden week. The hotel is centrally located and is actually joined with grand hotel (they did it during the olympic I think).The rooms as you can see is the pictures (executive 602 sft rooms) are great.But the hotel doesn't have a lobby (just few chairs in the entrance) and doesn't have a pleasent place to meet the other guests or to catch a short break,When we got to the room it was very cold. We had to ask for a heater which they brought after an hour and it worked OK (althug it took a while for the room to get warmed). very strange for a 5 star hotel.We are going back to this hotel for sure as the price was very low compared to the other centarlly located 5 star hotels (hyatt and peninsulla). The lounge is POOR - we went once. Nothing to eat and you can get a cheap wine and coke elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2008 	Best little brothel in Beijing	I'd have to say I was disappointed. I was expecting the Raffles to be the hotel highlight of my China visit but it was the poorest of the six we stayed in. The low points were that on three occasions I was approached by a pimp offering me a 'lady'. This was not in the main Raffles foyer but in the modern extension at the back of the hotel.I also did not care for the smell of drains that permeated the bathroom. Apart from those criticisms it was OK. It is a very grand hotel, living off its past grandeur. The foyer is elegant and the room was well-furnished and comfortable. We had an afternoon tea in the Writers Bar, which was very good.It is well located, a short walk from the Forbidden City and Tiananman Square, and a short taxi ride to the Temple of Heaven. The restaurant/bar area of Houhai is also a short taxi ride away although this a poor substitute if you are used to western style eating and drinking. There aren't many good restaurants within walking distance although we did eat once at one in the Oriental Centre next door (can't remember the name), which the concierge recommended.If you are visiting the Great Wall, miss the crowds and go to the section at Simatai rather than Badeling. We went on the first day of the National Holiday and was very quiet and a special experience (we went with Beijing Zinhua Tours).	
Oct 5 2008	Superb location super room maybe slightly staid	Got a great rate on this old-world luxurious hotel through Expedia and I don't regret my stay at all. The Raffles is superbly located; it's one long Beijing city block from Tiananman Square and the Forbidden City. It's also a very short walk to the Wangfujing shopping area. I got an executive suite for the pretty incredible price of about $180, but I think it may have been due to the fact that I was staying during Golden Week, which is a pretty major holiday, and must have caused a dip in business travelers. I checked rates for a few weeks later, and the rooms were almost double that price. My room was excellent - a spacious suite with a sitting area/office, a separate bedroom, and a large bathroom, which itself had two rooms - a closet with a dual-sink vanity area and shower, and another room with toilet, bidet, and a large tub. Furnishings were tasteful, luxurious, and comfortable, with hardwood floors, a full-length mirror, and nice Tibetan wool rugs. It was among the best-appointed rooms I have ever experienced.The hotel's lobby was spacious and grand. Check-in was very comfortable, as I was ushered to sit down and I was brought a non-alcoholic fruit drink while my passport and credit card were taken by a pretty young associate, who then showed me up to my room. It was very clear that the hotel is really striving to make a great impression on service. To be honest, I found the whole exercise a bit forced, perhaps because some of the English was not quite up to the standard I'd expect from such a hotel, but I'll give full marks for effort. I did find, throughout my stay, that the bellhops were extremely good and eager to please.Curiously, perhaps again due to the holiday, the hotel did seem eerily empty, particularly given its grandeur. There was a large multistory atrium behind the main lobby, with a few restaurants on the main floor, but the other floors were always empty, and I never saw more than 3 or 4 other guests in the grand lobby at a time. One minor complaint that may be related more to Beijing's municipal water than the hotel - I did smell a faint whiff of sewage in my room on several occasions. My room rate included breakfast, which was a fantastic buffet with western and Chinese options, including an omelet/egg station and a build-your-own noodle/wonton soup counter. Very, very good.All in all, a very nice hotel with a superb location, and one I got at a great value. If you can get in for the same rate, I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 18 2008 	OK but not excellent	The hotel is in a excellent location close to the Forbidden City and main shopping area. The service was excellent, if a little old fashioned. I was even given a drink during the very relaxed check-in process, but didn't drink it as I wasn't sure whether I'd be charged for it! The hotel set up is a little strange, with sections leading off an Atrium area that is a bit like a shopping mall. It was a very modern and but characterless arrangement. My room was more like a comfortable suite and was very good, although it looked onto an ugly building area at the back of hotel. The Executive Room offered free drinks until the early evening, but was disappointing when you had to pay for your own. The restaurant in the Mall area was pretty good (if a little pricey) and very comfortable for a westerner travelling on his own. I booked my room early and received a discounted rate, so value for money was OK. I don't think I would pay their usual prices. One thing to watch out for. The hotel is related in some way to the International Hotel around a mile away on the same road. I showed my taxi driver the name of the hotel in Mandarin when I arrived at the airport, but he dropped me off at the International. It's a tough walk between the two when its 38 deg C outside!	
Sep 15 2008 	Great property in a good location	This is an excellent property in a location that is very convenient to the Forbidden City. Exec Rooms are 600 square feet and feel more like small suites than the typical hotel room. They are well appointed and very comfortable.The public spaces feel a bit institutional. I'd classify the public space design as &quot;cookie cutter&quot; luxury. Not much in terms of distinct touches. The bad choice of cliche classical music tunes reinforces this. The guest rooms are much more distinctive than the public spaces. Book this property for the rooms but plan to go elsewhere to hang out.With respect to the rooms, only negatives are the bath products and the doors. The bath products are the typical Raffles product line which smells like cheap men's fitness center soap. The doors are very hard to open and close. There are also some design flaws. For some reason they've placed the bathtub in the room with the toilet vs. placing the toilet in its own separate room.All-in-all a good property but I stil prefer the Peninsula.	
Jul 11 2008 	We'll be back!	A typical Raffles experience. Wonderful old building with big rooms, excellent location within walking distance to famous places and shopping area, courteous and friendly staff and an excellent but cheap seafood buffet. This was the best hotel on our China trip (Beijing/Xian/Shanghai).	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Location clean and friendly	This hotel definitely met our expectations. The check-in was seamless, the rooms were very clean, the staff was accomodating, and breakfast was included. Great location- we decided on this hotel after reading everyone elses reveiws. Thank you.. We decided to utilize the hotel's offer to pick us up at the airport. This was a great welcome after a non-stop flight from San Francisco, and experiencing jet lag. We were pleased we chose this option, instead of having to battle &quot;where are we &quot; on our first trip to China. Our driver was very professional and efficient. The hotel sent an Audi, clean, and w/ 2 refreshing bottles of water, and cool cloths for our face. Cost 450 Yuan. After 4 days in Beijing, we opted to taxi back to the hotel after getting our bearings. We took advantage of the breakfast (great), hotel bar(okay), and the Chinese restaurant( okay again) .We recommend venturing out to local cuisine: Da Dong Restaurant. Only downside was the construction out our window. (Back side of the hotel) The plus side, it added to our conversation of watching the day to day life, and did not keep us up! Recommended!	
Jul 6 2008 	Sheer luxury	This beautiful hotel will ensure you are seen to by dutiful staff throughout your stay. Great location - just a short walk from Tiananmen Square and shopping area (and an interesting, must-see night market!).This hotel contains everything a resident could possibly need: Swimming pool; beauty therapy &amp; masseuse; fitness centre; 10 lane bowling alley in the basement. The restaurant is excellent, and the place to eat in whether here on holiday or business. An excellent venue to entertain in.The level of the staff's English cannot be emphasised enough. If you visit Beijing just once, this is the hotel to stay in.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Location Appalling Service	We booked this hotel with high expectations which is maybe why we felt let down slightly with our experience, however having stayed in the Shangri-La in Beijing and the Royal Meridien in Shanghai I feel we can be objective overall. In terms of location,look, and cleanliness the hotel is faultless, however the service is pretty appalling. This may be partly due to the hotel being operated as a sister hotel to the Bejing Hotel which adjoins it. Firstly the room valet and telephone operator speak very very poor english. Asking for some tea bags and coffee to be sent to the room, as it was never provided for us, proved to be incredibly difficult and stressful. Asking for an ironing board and iron, again not included was the same. We spent about an hour waiting for the door staff to organise a taxi for us including time to explain where we wanted to go ( most places off the list of well established tourist attractions are often unknown to staff and taxi drivers in China). We attempted to use the swimming pool however because swim caps are required,something we were unaware of and are unaccustomed to, and we refused to pay the extortionate cost of buying them we were refused entry. In the Shangri-La Beijing we simply used caps provided by the pool. The overall impression when dealing with low and medium level staff was off frustration and that we were simple not important to them. The only person with any decent grasp of english was the duty manager who sent us a &quot;fruit bowl&quot; (a plate of old fruit when) we complained. Although you may want to come here for the location, the standard of service is not 5 star by any means. Compared with the Shangri-La and Le Royal Meridien this hotel is far far inferior and makes me seriously question the quality of the Raffles chain.	
May 22 2008 	Excellent service and delicate place to stay	I would like to share my experience with Raffles Beijing hotel. I was a great pleasure to stayed there. The staff are very alertive to my needs, the room valet were always there for assistant, they had big smile on their face and incredible friendly.We were sad to leave as the journey countinues, but I will certainly come back next time.	
May 14 2008 	Dissapointment!!!!!	My recent stay at Raffles was a total dissapointment. Poor service and I find it not one bit of a 5-star hotel that expects from an International brand like Raffles, No arrangement is made for airport pick up despite I called up. Service staff wasn't attentive and not fluent in English. The swimming pool and gym facilities appeared to be under different management and insisting swimmer must wear swim cap and the pool attendant was really rude... My last draw was the construction noise which really irirated me.. Is this the best that you could get at Raffles Hotel?	
May 11 2008	Love Raffles Beijing Hotel	The first impression after I arrived in the hotel lobby was amazing beautiful. The room I stayed was very comfortable and the staff took spacial care of my needs. I was invited by a local friend to the East33 resturant , we enjoyed the very fresh sea food, and lobsters.	
May 8 2008 	Wonderful Location Great Hotel	I transferred to Raffles from a hotel in the Haidian district, and what a difference! The rooms are equivalent to a 1-bedroom city apartment, and the service from the front desk to the room valet was excellent.Yes there is construction, but where in Beijing do you not find construction? Located within walking distance of the Forbidden City and Wanfujing also makes this an excellent base for sightseeing and shopping. I will definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2008 	Raffles an ideal hotel for a discerning traveler!	We had a wonderful stay at Raffles at the end of April 2008. We were greeted upon arrival and had a quick tour of the property. Our bags were promptly delivered to our room. We had an executive room with a king bed. The room, including sitting area and bathroom, was outstanding. Modern, clean, comfortable. The bed is harder than what you might be used to as a foreigner and my husband had some problems, but I slept just fine. We never had any issues with temperature or turn down service. The morning buffet and evening cocktails were quite a treat! We thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our stay at the hotel. The concierge and bellmen were always helpful. We never had a problem getting a regular taxi right in front. They made recommendations when needed and worked hard to make sure our experience was above and beyond. It is true that booking things through them is expensive. We booked an airport pickup since it was our first time in China and we wanted to feel comfortable getting there. The charge was 900CNY for 4 people and luggage. You can take a regular taxi for about 150CNY. Lesson learned. As well, we booked a guide for the Forbidden City and probably spent about 5 hours with her. She was great, but I don't think it was worth 1500CNY. You can certainly find cheaper alternatives for both transportation and guides. But those were both at our choosing so we only have ourselves to blame. At any rate, our experience was not tainted in the least. I would recommend this hotel to any of my colleagues, friends, or family for a fantastic visit in Beijing. The location and facilities were phenomenal.	
May 1 2008	Friendly and luxurious	We spent two weeks travelling China, first stop was Beijing and we were amazed at the standard of decor and furniture within the hotel. The room was spacious with two extremely large beds, a gigantic flat screen tv and lavish bathroom and shower rooms. The breakfast buffet was a banquet, and the restaurant staff extemely attentive, to the extent you could not put down your napkin whilst visiting the buffet without finding it immaculately refolded on your return to the table!. An all round freindly atmosphere. The swimming pool facility was better than most hotels. The hotel was within 3 mins walking distance of the main shopping area.	
Apr 28 2008 	Raffles Hiccups	We stayed ar Raffles Hotel, Beijing, for 8 days in April. First impressions are good - the lobby has a high ceiling with beautiful chandeliers. However, as was mentioned in another review, there is construction going on around the building, and the view from our Inc. Executive Room was extremely disappointing........ overlooking a building site. Also, the room itself did not meet expectations. It appears much larger on the website photos, than it is in reality. The sitting area and bedroom area are, in fact, quite limited. We noticed stains on the furniture, which is an off-putting experience when arriving after a long flight. We requested another room (with a a view) and were taken back to the original building , where we were offered a Landmark room. No explanation was given as to why we could not have an alternative room in the Inc. Exec Building - which we had booked. We preferred the open arrangement of the Landmark room, although it was extremely dark at all times - facing a wall of another building. Was this the view we had requested? During the night, even with the air conditioning off, the room was cold. Also, we could hear noise which appeared to come from the a/c, but may, in fact, have been due to the construction outside.The bed was wonderful - really big and comfortable. On the first night, when we arrived back at 8:30pm, we discovered we had not had the benefit of a 'turn-down service'. A card was left in the room the next day to say that the service had been available after we had retired at 9pm.. On the 2nd day, we left the room at 8:30am and were astonished to find it had not been made up when we arrived back at 2:30pm. It took 2 calls to the Room Valet before anyone arrived - 30mins later.On our 6th day, no fruit was left in our room - and unlike the other lucky guest - we never had flowers! We also had to request hand towels and small (complimentary) bottles of water.We enjoyed the complimentary tea and drinks offered daily in the Inc Executive lounge, which was a pleasant place to sit and read the newspapers, or check email.The buffet breakfast was plentiful as was the dinner at East 33.I had informed the hotel, in advance, that my husband would celebrate his birthday during our stay. I was promised that the hotel would offer 'the benefits of your birthday'. Very disappointingly, this never happened and no excuse/apology was forthcoming.We found the doormen very friendly - although there is a serious problem with getting taxis from the hotel. Many times the doorman ran outside onto the main road to try to divert a taxi to the hotel for us. There needs to be a system put in place whereby taxis are easily contactable. The concierges are polite but beware, as they tend to promote specific tours /shows etc., which you may be able to arrange yourself, at considerably less expense.Overall, our experience at Raffles was pleasant, although not up to the standard we had expected - and definitely not comparable with the standards of the Peninsula, Bangkok!	
Apr 21 2008	Excellent Raffles	Fantastic hotel, staff excellent. I am a seasoned travelor so its nice to stay in a hotel that exceeds your expectations.	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent Beijing hotel	Fantastic concierge service, great rooms, wonderful complementary breakfast, and all within walking distance of the major downtown sites. Just be sure to request a room that doesn't face the extensive construction site behind the building. We fully enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 17 2008 	Fantastic hotel fantastic service	Absolutely wonderful hotel in a prime location. Room was beautifully decorated, facilities (including free evening cocktails) were excellent and the breakfast buffet was possibly the best in China. Had a room overlooking the main street, and didn't hear a peep of noise.Staff very helpful and friendly. Great value for money, would go back in a second.	
Feb 20 2008	Fabulous stay!	I have nothing but positive feedback for this gem of a hotel. The room was palatial (almost like a smallish apartment!), with a separate tub &amp; shower and a very nice sized sitting room separated from the bedroom with sliding wooden doors. I had an executive room which included daily breakfast and afternoon cocktails in the lounge. The service was gracious and polished and and I felt very taken care of. And the location can't be beat - it's only a 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. The value for money was outstanding. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 19 2008 	Beijing Raffles - Amazing!!!	I visited the Beijing Raffles in 2006, but just recently joined TripAdvisor and thought it would still be relevant for everyone to hear what a great hotel this was. I went with a group of business colleagues and spent a total of 5 days at the hotel. We had a few days available for pleasure and then had 2 days of meetings planned at the hotel. The rooms, service and food were all absolutely phenomenal. The hotel took care of every thing that we needed, including finding us a tour guide to take us around the city for 2 days (for only $200). This included trips to the market, the Great Wall and a few stops in between. The hotel is located a short walk (2 or 3 city blocks) to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square. We were provided fresh fruit in the rooms on a daily basis. The beds were extremely comfortable and the bathroom was expansive.The meeting facilities were also top notch and the hotel went above and beyond to make sure that we had every accommodation that we requested (even those made the day of the meeting). I would recommend staying here for business or pleasure as both were excellent experiences.	
Feb 11 2008 	Elegant hotel in a Great Location!	I managed to get a good rate through my work, so my husband and I splurged a little for this hotel. The rooms here are first class. Fresh flowers and fruit were waiting for us when we arrived. The room itself was immaculate and beautifully appointed, despite the fact that it was an older building - They kind of made me feel like I was staying in a 19th century British Colonial hotel in China - Lots of thick, rich fabrics, and furniture that looked like it ought to be at least 100 years older than me. The only thing I didn't like was that the air conditioning never kicked in (Mid October was probably too late in the season to leave it on), so it got a bit stuffy, especially whenever we were there in the late afternoon getting ready for dinner.We spent a few extra dollars for an Executive room, which includes (free) continental breakfast in their Executive lounge. It was mostly cereals, breakfast breads &amp; pastry, fruit, and fresh juice - I don't remember any hot options. It was all excellent quality, though, and a nice, relaxing way to start the morning.For tourists, the best thing about this hotel is the location. It is an EASY walk to Tiananmen Square &amp; the Forbidden city. Also close walking distance to Wangfujing snack street, and a big mall, so both Eastern &amp; Western food options were readily available. We didn't use it on this trip, but there was also a subway stop a short walk a way - We passed it whenever we walked towards the Forbidden City.We arrived during the Communist Party convention, so there were a lot of military &amp; police personnel wandering around the hotel. It was also much more difficult to hail a cab. When we needed one, a staff member ran down the street a couple of blocks to hail one, and gave the cabbie directions for us - I thought that was nice of them, and above &amp; beyond what they needed to do.If you can afford it, I would highly recommend staying here.	
Jan 2 2008 	Wow	This hotel was first class from its rooms to its pool. The food was great, they served high tea, the staff were friendly and helpful, the location was great, my room was more like a suite than a room even though it was their basic tariff. I can only recommend you try it.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great location	Absolutely fantastic location - within a pleasant 10 mins walk down Dong Changan Road to the Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. Also, located within 5 mins walk to the huge Oriental Mall and Wangfujing shopping mall, both of which offer a great variety of food and shopping opportunities.Service at the hotel is first class. All of the hotel staff I interacted with could communicate quite well in English. Landmark Rooms are big and spacious with huge beds. Everything looked new and clean. There was even a &quot;Pillow Menu&quot; from which you can select the types of pillows to suit your liking.Great pool and jaccuzzi for a relaxing dip. Billiards, snooker and bowling were also available up to late in the night. I enjoyed the buffet breakfast at East 33. It had a good spread and quality and variety of food offered was splendid.Best hotel I ever stayed in.	
Nov 8 2007 	Above average	Stayed here for five nights in October in a club room which is located in the new building. The room was big and nicely decorated. Free internet a big plus. Unfortunately the communist party has decided that air-conditioning must be switched off in all hotels during the winter months. In theory, air-conditioning shouldn't be necessary in winter time but the room didn't have any windows which could be opened, so the room was very warm and stuffy. The wooden entrance door to the room could hardly be opened and closed as the wood has somehow expanded, so it was more or less required to break into the room each time with force. This seemed to be a general problem with the doors which created a lot of noise.The service was OK but not even close to Four Seasons levels apart from the gym which offered the best service I have ever experienced in a hotel gym. The gym as such is very nice and rather well equipped but the lack of air-conditioning resulted in 26° Celsius which is rather uncomfortable for a work-out. There is a nice indoor swimming pool which always was empty. A cap is required so bring one if you intend to swim. Otherwise they are for sale for the staggering price of EUR 6.The Club facilities are OK. Three daily food presentations of good quality. Alcoholic beverages are only served during the last appetiser food presentation. The location is great with easy walking distance to the shopping area and the Forbidden City.Overall a nice but rather forgettable hotel experience.	
Nov 4 2007 	Could be better	Stayed at the Raffles in Beijing for the first time. Have to say I was not overly impressed by the hotel. The rooms are big and nicely decorated, but as we stayed in early November the air-con is not working anymore. If it is on you get hot air blown into the room. So you can only regulate the temperature by shutting the aircon off and getting fresh (by Beijing Standards) air in through the window. Some rooms have windows that actually really open. We had a room, where you could only open a 5cm part of the window which looks after opening like an mosquito net.In our first roon, we had had all of a sudden a smell of waste water in the room. The hotel couldn't solve the problem, but offered us another room without hesitation. However due to high season, we only got a room poolside on the 3rd floor, which ment, that you hardly get any daylight through the window.On the posotive note, the breakfast buffet is very good.All in all I think there are a lot of hotels in Beijing that offer better value for money. But - due to the terrible traffic try to get the best hotel in the vincinity of where you wanna go.	
Nov 4 2007	Excellent Hotel / Location DCC Scam	Raffles is a beautiful hotel in an excellent location, the rooms are superb. The beds, like most in China are hard, but of good quality and with enough upholstery to take the hardness away and so comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful.The only downside is that the hotel operates the DCC scam (Direct Currency Conversion). When you check out your credit card bill is converted to your local currency at an unfavourable rate. The customer is not asked, they should be according to Visa / Mastercard rules. Make sure you check very carefully before signing any credit card bills and insist you are charged in Yuan.	
Oct 11 2007 	Very Nice "Boutique Style" Hotel	Raffles was a nice experience. I would like to point out that I now know why some people in the previous reviews get this hotel mixed up with a couple of other hotels. The Raffles Hotel is sandwiched between two gigantic hotels that apparently were the big State Hotels at one point, but now are just huge convention type hotels. All three hotels are attached with a ground floor walkway however, they are all three very different hotels. So, it is easy to think that if you stayed at one of the hotels on either side of the Raffles that your perception would be biased in a potentially negative way. Now that I have actually been there and stayed in the actual Raffles hotel as well as walking over to look at the hotels on either side, I can see why people think it is all one large hotel instead of three.Pros: Location is easy to walk to TiAnaman Square, Forbidden City and the major pedestrian shopping street along with three large indoor malls; even though it is a large hotel, when compared to the other upscale hotels in Beijing it is &quot;small&quot; and has a somewhat boutique feel comparatively speaking; car service from airport is excellent; hotel staff from check-in to check-out were excellent; accomodated a late check out without any issues; concierge was very helpful/polite/professional/knowlegable; breakfast was very good with a wide selection of either western or asian food; room was very nice with awesome amenities both in the bedroom, bathroom and living areas. bathroom was very large with seperate shower and bath and dressing area; service was excellent by everyone we came in contact with during our stay. Also, a very nice asset of this hotel is that it seemed to cater to individual travelers, not tour groups, so there were no big tour buses coming and going, no big groups checking in or out and no big groups to have to be behind when going for breakfast, etc...Negatives: Beijing is being rebuilt at a rapid pace and everywhere you look there is a major building going up or coming down, our room, although extrememly nice had a panoramic view of a major construction job that was going on 24hrs a day, so at night it was a bit loud and large spotlights were distracting while trying to sleepOverall, I would give the Raffles very high marks because not only was I impressed with our stay originally, but when we came back through Beijing, we stayed at a different upscale hotel that is rated higher by all the travel magazines and I thought the Raffles experience was much better and would pick it as a place to stay again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great hotel	The Raffles in Beijing is very well located, just steps from Tiananmen square and close to the shopping district.The hotel has an elegant decor, the rooms are large and have also a elegant decor and all the necessary amenities you expect from a 5-star hotel. Staff is very friendly - unfortunately english skills are not great (like in all cities in China). Breakfast buffet is very good (I usually don't like buffets but this one is very nice and well maintained) and the food of excellent quality.Overall I can highly recommend the Raffles, definitely one of the best hotels in Beijing.	
Aug 12 2007 	The best hotel ever	This is quite simply a great hotel. We stayed in Hong Kong and the Peninsula, which was also wonderful, but this hotel even exceded that.The staff and service is amazing, every whim seems to be anticipated and provided for. &quot;Bedtime stories&quot; of china left on your bed with the turn down service, and a butler on each floor.We stayed in two different suites, changing after first night because of a big consruction site in back of the hotel. My husband is very sensitive to noise, I however could hear nothing.(This is behind the newer addition and the rooms are more contemporary in design.) The manager personally showed my husband other suites, all offered at the same price some of which were gigantic, and I just can't say how accomodating they all were. He selected a 2 room suite in the original building that has suites in a more traditional design, but with flatscreen tvs in bedroom and living room and complete bedside controls for all the lights and electronics,A word of advise. We traveled in July for a month without prior hotel reservations. Everywhere in China, I would book only one day in advance. There were always rooms available at all the best hotels and the prices were unbelievable. We stayed a week at Raffles, the suite included use of the executive lounge with free internet service, catered evening, all you can drink cocktails, a HUGE breakfast and it cost $200 a night. My understanding that other than New Year and cherry blossem time, there are more delux accomodations than customers, and you do well to wait to book.	
Aug 7 2007 	Best service in town	This hotel has the best service I experienced in all of the 15 different 4* and 5* hotels I stayed in Beijing. Very attentative and friendly service including in the breakfast restaurant. The rooms are nicely traditionally decorated. The location is good (except for the airport). My recommendation if you want to spend the above average price. (Forget about the stupid critics about the Beijing Duck tip from the hotel which is caused by a lack of expericence as all travelers know that hotel booked restaurants are more expensive than restaurants discovered privately)	
Aug 6 2007 	Elegant and great location	My family and I stayed here for 3 nights. It's in a great location, within walking distance of shops, the Forbidden City and Tianneman Square. The Raffles brand is known for its elegant, historic hotels and this one didn't disappoint. The staff were very friendly and helpful, though not all spoke English fluently so we tried to speak some Mandarin as well. The rooms were very spacious with high ceilings and nice amenities that you would expect from a Raffles hotel. (slippers, bathrobes, nice bath products, a menu from which you can order certain pillows from, and a jogging map you can wear around your neck) The breakfast and dinner buffets were top notch, with a mix of upscale western and asian foods. The gym was excellent, plenty of new machines, spacious, and a very attentive front desk man who gave me water at the beginning of my workout and continued to fill it up without me asking. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in Beijing for its location and service.	
Aug 2 2007	Ruffles Beijing Hotel	At the end of July this year I went on a business trip to China and I spent 3 nights in the Ruffles Beijing hotel in Beijing. It is a very nice hotel right in the center of the city. Very close to the Forbiden City and Tian'an Men Square and a few good shopping &amp; people watching spots. Try to stay in the &quot;old&quot; part of the hotel - the old English style with hardwood floors, marvelous ceilings and huge rooms. We were also able to see the presidential suite and one additional suite dedicated to a local poet - both furnished with pieces from the Ming Dynasty. The only draw back was the staff didn't speak very much English except for a few at the front desk but they overcome it with willingness to help and politeness. The only food we had was the daily breakfast - it was half continental and half Asian, an interesting mix of choices. I recommend to choose one and stick to it, as hard to mix the flavors - trust me! I also tried their spa &quot;in one SPA club&quot;. This was the first place in China where I was asked to give a tip and when I gave it I was asked to give more.... I am very much OK w/giving tips but on my own terms. This was not OK. Since I booked through our corporate travel &amp; got pre-negotiated price this was also a very reasonable price for the location. Not sure what is the price for a regular traveler... Also, when going back the airport I would recommend just ask to get you a taxi off the street, their cars are just too expensive and a taxi ride would cost you just around 120 CNY. Overall - very good solid place cannot beat the location.	
Jul 19 2007 	Sanctuary amid chaos!	I think the poor reviews are being confused with the Beijing Hotel next door. There is not one bad thing one could say about this hotel. I was not so impressed with Beijing itself, but this place was stellar!!! We stayed in a suite and it was top notch!!! Location could not be better, service was superior and rooms put all other hotels to shame. Without a doubt stay here!!!!	
Jul 16 2007 	Best hotel in Beijing	This hotel has just been voted best hotel by Harpers. After our 8 night stay i can only say they where right. Be sure to book a landmark room with city view. To some of the former respondents; you prob. stayed at the inferior Beijing Hotel or Bejing Grand. The Raffles is in the same strech of mega -building but in a class of it's own. Loved every minute of our stay. (Althoug Raffles le Royal in Cambodia has a more authentic atmosphere)MarnixAmsterdam	
Jul 8 2007 	Roomy Beautiful and Luxurious	Raffles Beijing is a wonderfully appointed hotel in a great location. The executive rooms were the largest I experienced during my trip to Asia. The hotel amenities are top notch including a roomy and clean fitness room and a great, reasonably priced (by American standards) spa. The morning breakfast buffett was good although not amazing. However, considering it is in Beijing, I'm not sure i would have expected anything more.The service was the lone blemish on this hotel. Sometimes it is up to 5-star quality (bellman, concierge) and other times it seems to be lacking--most notably in the main dining room. I'm not sure if it is a cultural issue or just a different standard, but if they upped the anty on the service, this would be absolutely fabulous.	
Jun 24 2007 	Great Room and Location Mediocre Service	Some of the previous reviews seem to be referring to the state-run Beijing Hotel, which used to be the Grand Hotel de Pekin. That hotel had two wings, an old 1920s wing and more modern tower. Raffles now occupies about half of the 1920s wing, bissecting the still-operating Beijing Hotel, and also has another modern building in the back. The Raffles Beijing Hotel is far more luxurious than the Beijing Hotel, as befits its management by the Singapore-based Raffles group. The Raffles lobby has been beautifully renovated and is now the only hotel in Beijing to offer the ambience of a historic grand hotel in the European style. I recently spent four nights there.Good things: I stayed in one of the executive rooms in the modern building in back. It was huge, with a separate living room and bedroom and a great bathroom. There was also a lounge for breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails. It was a nice place to grab extra bottles of the hotel's free bottled water. The hotel's location was fantastic, right between Tiananmen Square and Wangfujing. And though many cabdrivers don't know the Raffles, they all know the Beijing Hotel (Beijing Fandian).Bad things: Though the hotel looks every bit the 5-star hotel that one expects from Raffles, the service was spotty. I emailed the hotel a week before arrival requesting an airport pickup but got no response. I emailed again just before arriving but didn't get a response until a few days after I checked in (I took a cab from the airport). Incredibly, they said the couldn't find my reservation, even though I was already there! The concierge desk was very friendly and secured some restaurant reservations. But a request to check flight schedules to Shanghai was not followed through until I asked again. One thing that really irritated me was the swimming pool and gym facilities, which appeared to be under separate management from the hotel. The pool has a policy requiring all swimmers, male and female, to wear bathing caps. Not only that, they charge 70 yuan (almost $10) for a cap. They are also insistent on the rule to the point of rudeness.I did get a really cheap rate on the hotel, so overall I was quite happy to enjoy the room and location as good values. But if the Raffles were to charge the same rates as other top Beijing hotels, I think I would probably go elsewhere.	
Nov 26 2006 	5 star? No way!		
Oct 5 2006	what a rip off		
Sep 25 2006 	Fantastic Hotel		
Nov 25 2009 	??????????????		
Nov 14 2009 	?????????1.5??		
Oct 23 2009 	?????		
Oct 14 2009 	?????????		
Oct 12 2009 	???????????		
Oct 4 2009 	??????		
Aug 26 2009	??????		
Aug 2 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 21 2009 	??????????		
Jul 19 2009	Ein Ort des himmlischen Friedens		
Mar 31 2009 	??????		
Mar 21 2009 	????????????		
Feb 16 2009 	?????		
Feb 6 2009 	??????		
Jan 17 2009 	?????????????????????		
Jan 4 2009 	??????		
Oct 30 2008 	??????????		
Oct 24 2008 	????		
Oct 17 2008 	?????????		
Sep 16 2008 	?????????		
May 26 2008 	Excelente lujosos supremo.		
Feb 8 2008 	Raffles: servizio impeccabile attenzione alle camere sul retro		
