Nov 23 2009 	Did the Job	An unremarkable but more than adequate hotel. Breakfast buffet was quite extensive, facitlites were ok, although the swimming pool was closed while we were there. staff reasonably helpful, rooms pleasant and clean ans comfortable.	
Sep 2 2009 	Loved this hotel; many amenities and friendly English-speaking staff.	I lived in Beijing, at this hotel, for a total of 39 nights while working the Olympics. The staff was friendly and helpful from the moment I checked in. The rooms are comfortable and clean, and I appreciated the twice-daily housekeeping. The restaurant downstairs had a fabulous breakfast buffet which would please anyone as there were almost too many choices. The staff speaks excellent English, and the concierge even found a place for me to go play foosball one evening. As my stay was so long, the concierges did direct me to many places I needed to go, and were instrumental in making my stay a very comfortable one. I felt right at home and safe in this hotel. There is a money exchange right there in the lobby, and it is centrally located. I was able to walk to a very popular shopping area called Wafujing Street. (While you are on Wafujing Street, I suggest visiting Carpenter Tan's as they have some amazing wooden combs and jewelry. They do not barter there but their items are very good quality.) There is apparently a rotating restaurant atop the hotel, which was closed during my stay. Just a reminder to travelers: don't drink the tap water or even brush your teeth in it. It's gritty. There are signs in your bathroon reminding you of this. The hotel did generously provide 2 bottles of water every day to the room. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and am so glad this is where I was put up during such an extended stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	Very bureaucratic and uninspiring	Many Western tourists use this hotel, but really you could find somewhere better for the price. The decor is uninspiring and the furniture was a little grubby, though they are redecorating so that will change. Breakfast was not included in the roomprice and was then extortionate ($160 RMB) . Staff were extremely unhelpful over arranging for our business requests: things kept being against the rules. The lifts use a key system, so that non-residents can't access the rooms. This is clearly good for security but it is a nuisance if you are trying to hold a meeting. I suppose the one good thing for Western tourists is that the staff speak very good English. Also, it looks from the map as if you might like to stay here - it is in the middle of the city, but actually it is the most dreadful location for seeing anything of real life or finding a good restaurant etc, and it is immediately next to the main railway station which is quite an unsafe place.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great location good service good food... comfortable	The spacious foyer when you first enter the hotel is glorious. Our room on the 13th floor ( number 13 is not unlucky in China) had a good view down towards Beijing Railway Station which was lit up like a Xmas tree and up and down the main drag. Convenient shopping centres opposite were a plus, together with 'Our Very Own Restaurant' just up the road, which was good and filling and very inexpensive and a bit eccentric...check out the pink tablecloths!The room was of average size, tastefully furnished with a beautiful marble bathroom with a shower and seperate bath. Room decor was typical hotel neutral tones. Bed was firm but comfortable. Plenty of room to spread out in the room.A word of warning: don't touch the mini bar - as expensive as any western hotel mini bar. Beer and snacks from the supermarket across the road were one tenth the price, about AUD$1 for a can of beer.The buffet lunch on the 28th floor was worth it, for both the view and the food. The breakfast room on the ground floor had a fantastic spread for breakfast - too much choice, almost!The staff were always courtious and helpful.	
Jun 9 2009	Great hotel and service location is awesome!	Of the three hotels I stayed in during our China tour, Beijing International was the best in staff service, comfortable rooms and breakfast buffet. We went through Friendly Planet's Taste of China and it was definitely worth the money. Unfortunately we had a lower floor so there wasn't much of a view but the floor to ceiling windows made the room feel even bigger, but I didn't spend much time in the rooms besides sleeping anyways. Since we were 3 in room, we had a cot which by cot standards wasn't bad at all. My friends took the beds and they had no complaints either. The bathroom was marble and very clean. The rooms were kept very clean the entire time and no noise disturbance. The American and Chinese items at the breakfast buffet were plentiful and very good. I have a very adaptable stomach so I was able to enjoy the foods I wouldn't normally see in a U.S. breakfast bar. My favorite was congee with pickeled vegetables and the mini seafood steamed buns. The best thing about this hotel is the staff service and location. The staff is very knowledgeable, and if you stick to the front desk staff, they speak English well and even if you're not sure of where you want to go and can't exactly remember how to say it in Chinese, they'll figure it out and even write it in Chinese for your taxi driver and in English for you. I had problems locating a wholesale eyeglass shop (much cheaper then home) I wanted to visit and the front desk was extremely patient and helpful in locating the store and the doormen explained to the taxi driver how to get there. Also, since most taxi drivers do not speak English, tell the doormen where you want to go and he'll translate and you're on your way. If the doormen doesn't know, he'll ask the front desk. Their location across the street from a good shopping mall that included a Watsons Pharmacy and an Internet Cafe, which I was extremely thankful for, was also very convenient. You can also walk to Wangfujing Street which took about 20 minutes and if you need the metro, its about 3 blocks away. We also ordered McDonald's to the room a couple times, delivery time no more than 10 minutes, the fries were still hot :)	
May 29 2009 	Just location nothing more!	We stayed there for 5 nights but it was disappointing for us. Beijing was our 3rd destination in China after Hangzhou and Shanghai, and obviously, Beijing Int'l hotel could not be compared with 2 other fantastic hotels we stayed at other cities. No advantage could be mentioned about the hotel other than its location. Staff in reception were not friendly and informative. Burned rubber smelling annoyed us everywhere in hotel. Bath tub draining of our room was poor and they did nothing to fix it at all. If I am supposed to go to Beijing again I will not stay at this hotel for sure.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good experience	The hotel is magnificent in terms of overall infrastructure.However some of the rooms were small but it was cozy.Restaurants were great. we dined there for on one of the evening.The value of money was reasonable good. The trvel desk was excellent.Overall the experience was good	
Mar 4 2009	Great location and nicely appointed	We stayed in this hotel as part of the Friendly Planet Tour. Based on the price we paid for the entire tour (10 days for $1299), I did not expect much from the hotels. While this hotel wasn't perfect, I was pleasantly suprised with its amenities:POSITIVES:- Location: This place has a great location within walking distance to Tienanmam Square (about 1.3 miles), Wangfujing Street (about 1.0 mile), Forbidden City (about 1.3 miles) and the Silk Market (the highlight of Beijing bargin shopping - about 1.0 mile). It is also convenient to the subway station so that you can easily explore other areas of the city without reliance upon cabs (which almost never speak english). In addition, there is a mall and grocery store directly accross the street and several western eating places (Subway, McDonalds, Papa John's Pizza, TGI Fridays) with a 5 minute walk. - Room: The room was very nicely appointed. My room had two twin beds, a desk, Flatscreen TV and a couple of cosy chairs. The bathroom was very nice, marble floors and countertops, a spacious shower with decent water pressure and the hotel provided nice amenities like a new toothbrush and toothpaste and bottle water on a daily basis. - Buffet: With our tour, every morning we were provided a western style buffet breakfast. It was very similar to the buffets you come to find in, for example, Las Vegas. The buffet had all the food we are used to: omelets cooked to order, pancakes (but no syrup), bacon, toast, a wide selection of fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, coffee and 3 or 4 different juices. In addition to western food, the buffet had a wide selection of traditional chinese dishes including dumplings, noodles and other things that I didn't try because I didn't know what they were. While going into the trip I was very worried about the food in China generally, I had no worries eating almost everything at this buffet as it was very clean and nobody in our tour got sick from any of the food we ate. - Money exchange: As easy as it gets! Just give your room number and the amount you want to convert and they do it WITHOUT a service charge. Everytime we did it the girl spoke perfect English and wasquick, efficient and extremely nice. NEUTRALS:- Bed: If you are tall like me you might find sleeping in China challanging as the beds tend to be very short. Also the beds in China are MUCH firmer than most of us westerners are used to. - Cleanliness: While the lobby and other common areas of the hotel were spotless and the lobby bathrooms were impecible, the hallways leading to the rooms were a tas bit worn and smelled musty. Luckily, that musty smell did not invade the rooms. - View: The view from the window was a nice view of the intersection (nothing spectacular); however, the windows were practically floor to ceiling.- Lobby: Very large and nicely decorated BUT no place to sit and relax other than the bar on the second floor. NEGATIVES:- Business Center: Extremely overpriced. Internet was basically $13/ hour in the hotel's business center. Considering the internet at the internet cafe accross the street was like .50 cents per hour it seemed like a rip off. - Bar: The bar is also extremely overpriced. Most cocktails including bear were between $9 and $11. Considering the same beer is .30 per bottle at the supermarket accross the street, its amazing they can get away with charging $10 per bottle in the bar. In addition, they impose an automatic gratuity of 15%, which in a country which they say tipping is not the norm nor the custom, was a bit suprising. This is the only place in all of China that automatically added a tip. SUMMARY:I would definatelt recommend a stay at this hotel if you are looking for a place to explore Beijing from but demand some comforts that you are used to in the United States.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great location	On the 28th floor there is a revolving restaurant, nice view but the food is plenty but not to my taste. Expensive business room and the swimming pool is not working. My personal opinion they trying to force you if you want swimming pool and sauna to use Spa center (and charge you heavily) because I asked for sauna and they told me that I can have only if I do massage in the spa center. I hate when they do that in 5 star hotels. The location of the hotel is great, a short walk away from the Forbidden City. For 5 star hotels is poor but as a hotel is great. Clean and nice rooms. Breakfast is tasteful and plenty (American and Chinese cuisine).	
Nov 27 2008 	Overall  nice hotel !	My husband and i, stayed here as part of our China tours.Is a very big and convetional hotel and is centraly located.The room was nicely decorated and marble bath with separate shower and bath. They need to upgrade the T.V., is old.Breakfast buffet was excellent plenty of varied options and good service.Restaurant on the top floor,give you a great view of the city.Overall i enjoy this hotel.	
Oct 25 2008 	Only for business men	When I go to Beijing, our local office always books me a room in this hotel since it is very close to the office. It's the only good point for this hotel. All the rest is terrible : there is a strange smell in all the hotel (including rooms), food is way bellow average (and I love chinese cuisine), cleaningness could be improved, most of TV channels are in chinese...I would not recommend this hotel to tourist but I have to admit that it's central location and the view (if you are on the top floors) are intresting.	
Oct 5 2008 	Good Hotel Good Location	A good hotel. We would stay here next time.Pros- Good central location- 5-10 min walk to metro- 15 mins walk to large mall with large food court (20-23 RMB per meal) and restaurants on bottom level, and Wangfujing Street Night Market (scorpions and sea-horses on kebab sticks)- Breakfast in revolving restaurant on 28th floor (ours was included in room rate, as we booked through a Chinese agency)- Good sized rooms with view, shower + bath- Good English spoken by staff, and very helpfulCons- Day Tours to wall a bit pricey, and include very unnecessary stops to silk market or Chinese medicine building- No seating in lobby area- Corridors consistently had a musty, pot-noodle smell. - Western food at breakfast is not the best (&quot;franch&quot; toast as they call it, was terrible) - stick to Chinese food / freshly cooked on demand eggs and omelets instead. As expected, this is a 5 star Chinese hotel (very good 4 star Western rated hotel). If you want a true 5 star, you should book a Western chain such as the Hyatt.	
Aug 24 2008	Great Location but Musky Smelling Carpet is a Turnoff	Great location if you are in Beijing as a tourist. 10 mins by taxi to the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square and walking distance to malls. Service and food was reasonable. Restaurant on the top (28th) floor gives great views of the city, especially on a clear day. However, the hotel is old and the smell from the carpet on the floor that our room was on was REALLY bad. Very old, stale smell and in need of a change. It's &quot;hold your breath from lift to room door&quot; bad! The room itself was clean and bed comfortable. Spacious enough although the bathroom also had a stale smell. Would have been a pretty decent 3-star hotel in Beijing, if not for the stale carpet.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fantastic	Me and my family went to Beijing in 2003 as part of family vacation and it has been the greatest experience/vacation ever!Aside from the fact that China is really beautiful and it is very different from China Town and Chinese food we see in North America, the hotel itself was a pure LUXURY. We all enjoyed staying at this beautiful, luxury hotel. Stuff were very nice, friendly and bilingual. Location was good but not very close to major tourist destinations ( we booked city tour and had an amazing tour guide so for us did not really matter). Restaurants in the hotel are pricey but again very high class and they are many pianist playing while you are eating.	
Jun 29 2008	Really Nice	When I travel on my own, I don't usually stay in hotels this fancy, but when I signed up for a tour of China, this was the hotel our group used in Beijing. There is a currency exchange desk and a local tour and travel desk in the lobby, which is very convenient. (Note: the currency exchange desk will only give you cash for cash; they will not give you cash on a credit card or bank card.) Across the street is a coffee shop where you can access the internet for free if you buy something. There is also a shopping center and a gocery across the street. Our room was very comfortable, and the people were really nice. There is a huge breakfast buffet that serves a wide variety of both eastern and western breakfast foods, although sometimes you have to be a pest to get coffee and you're very likely *not* to get a spoon to stir it. (A fellow traveller had a minor breakdown over breakfast one morning because he'd asked two or three waitresses for a spoon to stir his coffee, but they all acted like they didn't know what he was saying -- there are spoons at various places on the buffet where he could have helped himself to one, but ... whatever.) There was a funny smell in the elevator lobby on the floor where our room was located, but the room itself was fine.	
Jun 28 2008 	Very nice hotel	A group of us stayed here as a launching off point for a longer trip in China. I stayed two nights and found it to be quite comfortable and quiet. The beds have very luxurious linens and slept like a rock. I didn’t watch TV, but I used the in-room internet (at a reasonable cost). I loved the robe and slippers and the nice hot shower. The bathroom was clean though the marble counter top was stained (some people might think that looks unclean, but it was not dirty). I lacked for nothing. I used the gym, which was a little on the small side, but apparently the hotel is upgrading their fitness facilities which will be ready by December 2008. In the meantime, this space was fine and I’d come here again.	
May 19 2008 	Quite a surprise!	We stayed at the Beijing International Hotel in November 2007 as part of a trade group that was traveling China. Beijing was our first destination.Check in was handled by our group's chinese hosts. To cash traveler's checks or change money, you must got to the cashier and bring your passport.This is a surprisingly large hotel. We stayed on an upper floor with an excellent view of the city, and overlooked the train station. The amenities were consistent with a western 3-star hotel. In China, hotels are rated from 1 to 7 stars. So, adjust expectations accordingly.When we entered the room, we experienced confusion on how to turn on the lights. It turns out that your room key slides into an illuminated slot by the lights. Once your key has been inserted, you can turn on the lights and the heat or air conditioning. Once the key has been removed, these services are disabled. There is one english language channel, which is a news broadcast. You can arrange wake up calls very easily through the telephone without having to speak to the front desk. We had two beds, approximately American &quot;full&quot; in size. These were the most comfortable beds I found in China. Linens and blankets were in very good shape as was the room. The bathroom was somewhat dated with respect to the fixtures. Everything worked and the shower stayed hot. The hotel has excellent security. We did receive one call the first night asking if we wanted &quot;massage&quot;. We had been warned that this is pretty common in China. Housekeeping was certainly adequate, on par with most American hotels and quite a bit cleaner than many. The hotel restaurant offers a very good western breakfast as well as asian foods. You need your room key with the key jacket showing your dates of stay to be seated, but it's self service. We had no complaints about the quantity of the food and it was fun to try some of the chinese foods as well. Service was good, but slow at times to refill the coffee. The hotel's location is quite good and is adjacent to several banks and across the street from a Starbucks (called &quot;fourbucks&quot; by the Chinese). There's a shopping center in walking distance along with several american fast food restaurants. There's more than adequate room for tour group buses to pull up outside the hotel. The property is not located on the same side of the city as the Olympic venues. It's rather closer to Tien An Men Square and the Forbidden City, but those are still approximately a twenty minute drive, and about an hour from Beijing International Airport.Check out was equally easy. All major credit cards are accepted.	
Mar 21 2008	Very decent	I agree with other reviewers who said that 5 stars in China is not the same as 5 stars in the U.S., but still, this is a decent business hotel that is well-located. The room was very nice and we especially appreciated the good quality bed and linens. Breakfast we thought was amazing--quite the international variety of food, from American (sort of) to Japanese and beyond. You can definitely find something to suit your diet. Try the warm soy milk; I thought it was delicious. On the down side, the huge reddish granite lobby had not a single chair anywhere, which seemed very odd considering that tour groups meet there every day, and also the first room we got was definitely a smoking room even though the tour operator had requested and confirmed a non-smoking reservation. There were ashtrays in the room and it smelled of smoke. However, the staff apologized and moved us promptly to another room which was fine. Also, FYI, we noticed both of those problems (lack of lobby chairs and erratic definition of &quot;non-smoking&quot;) in more than one &quot;5-star&quot; hotel in China. My new tongue-in-cheek theory is that in China, a non-smoking room means nobody is smoking in there right now. I am not sure it is right to blame any one specific hotel for what appears to be an endemic problem in the Chinese hospitality industry. I would be willing to stay here again but I might trade up if my budget allowed.	
Jan 16 2008 	Good location - dirty bathroom	Supposed to be a five star hotel, however this was not exactly what I would call 5 stars.Pros:-great location - convenient for walking places - tianamen, restaurants etc-safe-internet-nice building interiors, food, spa-courteous staff-decent priceCons:-dirty bathroom - moldy, water didn't drain in shower-smelly hallways - my entire hallway smelled of mold and cigarette smoke even though it was supposed to be a smoke free hallOverall: I'd stay here since this seemed to be a common theme for higher end hotels in China. I'd look for newer hotels first, but could stay here again based on price. I was in one of the higher floors so I think I was in one of the executive rooms based on our group negotiation	
Nov 23 2007 	Definitely no 5 star.	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days.The room we stayed in was in pretty good shape but the bathroom was awful, the bathtub was worn out and the tiles on the floor showed some cracks.The airconditioning was not working so we had to sleep with the windows open for three nights. The location and food were okay especially the breakfast buffet.	
Nov 10 2007 	Loved the Beijing International Hotel	My wife and I spent 8 nights in the BIH and we loved every minute of it. It's a world class hotel with outstanding service, courteous and helpful staff, and quiet, beautifully appointed rooms. The bathroom was tastefully done in black marble, crhome fixtures and clear glass. The bed was one of the best we've ever slept on. There was even a &quot;pillow menu&quot; where you could select from different kinds of pillows to suit your taste. I don't know enough superlatives to describe the hotel. Spacious, elegant, with several outstanding restaurants. Opposite a shopping center with a McDonald's if you get tired of Chinese cuisine. Near a subway line, close to all the major attractions. The staff waited on us hand and foot and would not even allow us to pour our own wine at dinner. Very highly recommended. Excellent value for money.	
Aug 30 2007 	tour warning	The tours that are available through the hotel all stop at 'silk factories'. This fact is NOT disclosed upon booking. The only purpose of these 'factory tours' is to get gullible foreigners to buy stuff. We can only imagine the level of kickback to the tour operator and the hotel.When booking a tour to the Great Wall for example... one expects to ONLY get a tour of the Great Wall, not a shopping expedition. They should offer 'silk factory tours' as a separate offering.We didn't like being snookered.	
Jun 14 2007	You're in China	We booked our stay through a tour company in April of 2007. Realize that China's 5 stars are not the same as US 5 stars. The hotel however was generally excellent. The rooms had a view depending on which side of the hotel you were on. The staff was accomdating and always seemed ready to help. Generally we ate only breakfast at the hotel and it was excellent and the variety was extensive. The coffee was also much better than I expected and close to American coffee. The rooms could use a little updating but ours was clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel is excellent being within walking distance of major shopping areas as well as some historic sights. A little advice though, take a cab. The hotel staff will help you with a card directing the cab drivers where you wish to go. Not many cab drivers in China speak English which by the way, was not a problem with the hotel staff. While I had no preconceived notions about the hotel, it definitely was a pleasant stay and I would stay here again with no hesitation.	
Jun 1 2007	Good Not Great	We stayed 5 nights at the Beijing International Hotel as part of the Great Wall Marathon travel package. The hotel rooms are a little worn but acceptable. Rooms were clean and of fairly good size. The included breakfasts (international buffet) were of fair quality. For those looking to use the airport shuttle bus, there is a stop right at the hotel - only 16RMB to the airport. I'd say in it's heydey, this hotel may have been considered 5 star, but now it's more of a value option.	
May 5 2007 	Home away from Home	Just read a few reviews and honestly am quite disappointed with some opinions. But then everyone has their freedom of speach.Working and teaching in the Hotel field for over 25 years, I can be really objective about this particular hotel.True, it's big, old and due for renovations, which I was informed will be done this year. Actually a new section is under construction right now that will offer a new Reception area and lobby amongst other public areas. The existing lobby will be closed for renovations shortly.I encountered no mould or foul odours in my room. My room was spacious and comfortable but not extavagant for a 5* hotel but then again the price was right compared to other 5* hotels around the world. Some collegues got cards under their doors offering outside services but not I. And I heard of no knocking on doors offering after hours extra services from my group. The public areas were very clean, how many hotels do you see around the world with an employee constantly passing a dry mop in the lobby? This hotel has a staff of over 1200 employees and they are very present and pleasant. The trouble with some travellers is that they expect everyone in every city of the world to speak their language perfectly, especially the Americans! Wake up, open your eyes, ears and hearts to these foriegn destinations, the majority of employees working in the Toursim sector do their darnest to please the foreign traveller. At this hotel, they spoke much better English than I did Mandarin and I appreciated their effort.By the way, this hotel was just presented the presitgious 5* Diamond Award by the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences. This should say something about the Beijing International Hotel.	
Apr 22 2007 	Acceptable business hotel	I stayed on an executive floor for 3 nights. Contrary to others, I found the hotel very good.My room whilst not massive, was acceptable in size, very clean and everything bar the air conditioning worked. The executive floors provide free broadband internet and that worked well, apart from censoring the BBC.Tea and coffee were always available in the executive lounge.Staff at reception were always pleasant and responsive.Prostitutes seem to be a plague in Beijing. I didn't get the cards under my room door, but they were hanging around the main entrance.	
Apr 6 2007 	OK but not 5 star	I had been told this was a 5 star hotel and while the lobby area was very nice the floor I was on wasn't. As soon as I left the elevator there was a burnt rubber smell and the room, while spacious had dirty carpet. The bathroom had some mould on the door and tiles. The staff were very good but I would rate this hotel at 3.5 stars at best.	
Mar 23 2007 	Central - and handy!	The hotel was not as good (even though it is 5 star too) as the one we stayed at - at Chengdu.However in saying that - it was still a good stay.There were prostitute business cards put under our door during the night - but you just had to have a laugh really at the translations. Despite what other reviews say - we didn't see any lolling around our corridors at night?The money exchange counter we had no problems with either. We went and exchanged a lot of 100 yuans for smaller notes - and the lady was more than helpful.The food was really nice - and the revolving restaurant up the top was quite the novelty.It is about a 25 minute walk to the Silk Market - and we paid 10 yuan for a taxi back to the hotel.McDonalds over the street if you feel so inclined - but there are so many lovely types of cuisine over there I wouldn't be bothered.T :-)	
Feb 26 2007	Nice Standard hotel	Located across from shopping mall, One block from main train station and about 4 blocks from major pedestrian only shopping area. McDonald's across the street. Several ATMs across the street. Lobby is nice, large, business center where you can use internet for a fee (10 minutes for 20 Yuans). Money can change in lobby. Concierge in lobby, very poor English and not useful. Written cards available at Concierge written in Chinese to show to Taxi driver. Cheap Taxis. Cost only 11 Yuan to Silk Market (7.6 Yuan to one US $)Rooms are decent but not fancy. Room thermostat is hard to control or not easily understandable. Room safe. No iron or ironing board (true for all Chinese hotels). Watch out for laundering...cost High.	
Feb 26 2007 	Student-trip	As part of a student group we had many expactations toward the hotel. First of all it's enormous! In a way it was like we where the only ones there..! But at breakfast we discovered that we weren't alone=) The buffét was great; a lot of different food, the traditional egg&amp;bacon, but also japanese and a lot of sweet cakes, muffins and so on. On the other hand, to eat dinner at the hotel restaurant is an expensive experience, small portions and not especially good either. We had learned about the hotels spa/pool facilities, but as we had dressed up in the robes that were provided in our rooms and took the elevator down, it was closed. Though they kept saying it would open, it never did..As for the rooms, they were clean and with comfy beds and a lot of different complimentary toiletries. And my favorite, a tower of clean towels! Overall a nice hotel, but it's noticable that it must have been one of the first luxury hotels in Bejing.., but still, tasty breakfast, a feeling of freedom, free newspaper (in chinese) on each floor(the newspaper has one english page!), no noise, goldfish in the lobby and a currency trader (for free) in the hotel lobby.	
Jan 21 2007	Mold problem	Stayed here as part of tour group. The shower (although &quot;renovated&quot;) had a very serious mold (or dead aminal) issue and smelled so bad we had to open window and leave open the entire time. I think they just placed &quot;marble&quot; like material over already existing fixture. The water pressure was very low and the towels were very tiny and old. They smelled like mold too, but maybe that was just because they were in bathroom. The constant &quot;business&quot; cards left under the door by the hookers and &quot;massage for gentleman&quot; ladies that were wandering the halls all night got a bit old, especially since I had my 13 year old son with me. One person in our group even had one of these women, which you could see on every floor just sitting on the sofa near the elevators) knock on their door after hours to see if they wanted any &quot;services.&quot; The breakfast buffet is good but the staff could care less that you are there, are downright rude, and claim they speak no English. The front desk messed up our reservation (giving my mother and son) a king bed instead of double and took a lot of arguing betwen our tour guide and the front desk to fix. The front desk clerk then went on make several nasty remarks in Chinese about the &quot;Americans.&quot; The currency exchange desk lady was very rude ans extremely slow. She refused to take any currency if it even looked like it had been plced in your billfold or folded in half (only extremely crisp new money could be exchanged.) Hotel had no ATM (money machine/teller) which was very inconvenient for international hotel. Internet was fast but cost $20 US for the day.  The worst is when we checked out they accused just about everyone in the tour group of stealing their towels, including us, which was funny because we did not even use the bathroom, including the towels, the last day due to the then unbearable smell. There are too many hotels, most in better locations and even across the street to waste time or money on this one. However, if you are forced to stay here, across the street (use the underpass located to the right of the hotel) and you come to McDonalds and a cheap grocery store for water, soda, ect.	
Dec 18 2006 	Overcharge $++++	Great hotel, great room, amenities such as as gym and pool were under construction despite calling ahead to verify construction was completed. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE SERVICE!Charged me for 3 meals at breakfast two days in a row when I never had breakfast!!! Then pretended no longer to speak english when the same girl checked me in with great english language skills.Late check in at 10pm, hotel claimed they gave my room away and no longer any vacancy at the same price point. Would not give me a room upgrade at the same price despite giving my room away!!!Salon gave me a horrible hair cut (no surprise) then attempted to double charge!!!Almost late for my flight because check out took close to an hour. No exageration, close to an hour!!!Go somewhere else when in Beijing.	
Nov 12 2006	Highly Recommend	This is a very nice hotel. Nice lobby, great views from the rooms. Highly recommend. This is not a flashy, unique hotel. Just an all around quality place.	
May 27 2006 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel with revolving restaurant that offered a great view of the city. Service was great, hotel also has a spa. However it is a far walk to Wangfujing where the shopping is and to make the walk back as taxis are hard to come by.	
May 12 2006 	OK-not as nice as other luxury hotels	In true luxury fashion, the lobby and mall areas are exquisite, but the actual rooms are a step above Super 8 (USA) standards. It is clear that this hotel was one of the first luxury hotels in Beijing, and the location is incredible. As you walk through the lobby you may run into government officials from any continent or travellers from any region. The lounge/bar area is pretty neat with indoor patio style configuration with trees and fountains.The negatives: Unless you are willing to get the super-suite, they will put you in a sub-par room. Hope you packed an iron....to get you suits &quot;pressed&quot; is a pretty good fee as they mysterously have no irons in the rooms. There is no door hangar to keep housekeeping out (also mysteriously missing) so your guarenteed to have someone in your room everyday (something to consider if you are on official business). Beds are ancient but useable (I've seen worse). I guess one needs to remember that you are in China and not set your lodging expectations too high. On my most recent business trip I stayed in much better new-western hotels, but had limited tradeoffs in location and price....Welcome to China!Overall it is grand for show, but for actual lodging it is well below the Marriot/Sheratons of the world. I guess the location offsets the financial burden of staying in a average room.	
Jan 20 2006	Surprised by the great standard	We have just returned to Australia from 7 nights spent at the Beijing International. As it was part of an organised tour and completely pre-paid, we had no idea what to expect. Having stayed in other Asian cities we thought it would be convenient and clean at best, cramped and with limited facilities at worst. We were very pleasantly surprised - Yes, it was convenient and clean, but it was also spacious and had great facilities. The service was efficient and polite, language only a minor barrier, most staff speaking quite good English. Bedding was comfortable, bathrooms clean and adequate with all the shampoo,etc you might need. Hairdryer also. Bottled water was supplied daily as the tap water is undrinkable. Also supplied was tea, coffee and whitener, as well as a kettle so that you can have that all important cuppa at the start and end of the day! The restaurants were good, coffee overpriced as it is all over BeiJing. Breakfast buffet includes all anyone could ever desire, no matter what part of the world you're from. We would definitely reccommend this hotel and will definitely stay again.	
Nov 14 2005	Hotel 	Stayed at this hotel as part of tour package. It's rated 5 star, but it isn't as nice as a true 5 star in Western countries. I probably wouldn't stay here if I had to pay for the room (cheapest I found was US $130 for Nov).The location is great - 1 block from the main train station and subway. The airport shuttle also departs from the hotel parking lot. Looking at a map of Beijing, it seems like this hotel is only a couple of streets from the attractions. However, be aware that city blocks are long, so walking 2-3 blocks can take a while. However, taxi is very cheap (typical fare is less than US $2).Our room was a standard with 2 twin beds. The linen and towels were fresh. The temp in our room was very hot. There seemed to be too much central heating as we had our thermostat turned off. We had to cool the room down by opening the windows, but it was difficult to control how wide the window gap we want. One more thing I didn't like was that the room was very dark even with all the lights turned on.There is a small refrigerator in the room. You get 2 small bottles of water for free, and there is a water kettle for boiling water before drinking.I think this is a decent hotel if not for the high price. There are a lot of other hotels that are cheaper and just as nice.	
Sep 30 2005	Very nice hotel	Really nice hotel Very comfortable spacious rooms, nice food and very well located. When we booked we were quoted the standard price, we asked if they had any promotional deals and we were offered the same room for 3/4 of the price. Worth a try	
Jun 9 2005	Nice hotel	The hotel was nice the lobby was pretty grand looking and everything was very clean. We booked through a travel agency with a full package deal so I don't know exactly how much we paid but we were happy with it. Like most hotels we found in china the standard room has 2 twin beds so if you want something else I would coordinate that before hand. They are not bolted to the wall so we just pushed them together. The breakfast buffet was great and was included in our package it had everything from cereal and bacon and eggs to all sorts of chinese breakfast type items. Overall we were pleased the bathroom was great with all the shampoo, combs, lotion etc.. that you could want and the beds although kind of hard offered great bedding. All in all not a bad place there is a Starbucks right across the street and if you need to stop at a shop and get some snacks there is one by the train station about a block away (w/i walking distance). We felt very safe walking even at night	
Mar 18 2005	Very nice upscale hotel	Just returned from a four night stay at the Beijing International Hotel. It was the hotel our tour company booked and it was evident that a lot of tour companies use this hotel. It is the kind of hotel I probably wouldn't of stayed at if it wasn't booked through the tour company, mostly due to price than anything else (a moderate room books at $220 US per night). The staff are friendly, the rooms are immaculate and the breakfast that was included with our room was very good, with a mixture of Chinese and Western cuisine. They have a business centre (20 RMB for 10 minutes on the internet), fitness centre, and spa (massage was wonderful). The hotel shops on the second floor were very expensive but the supermarket on the lobby level for pop, snacks, etc. was reasonable. Within walking distance to Forbidden City and a 16 RMB cab ride to the Pearl Market. A great place to stay if you have the $ and like a more upscale hotel. Only complaint would be that the front desk staff have limited English, which made check-in and check-out somewhat frustrating.	
Oct 18 2009 	?????????		
Sep 21 2009 	?????????????????????		
Aug 29 2009 	nie wieder		
Aug 24 2009 	???		
Aug 12 2009	?????????		
Nov 16 2008 	Buen hotel excelente ubicacion.		
Aug 29 2008 	?????????		
Apr 13 2008 	gran hotel muy buena ubicacion		
Apr 18 2007 	Estancia muy agradable		
