	Good location	The hotel is reasonably priced for a more a 3-4 star hotel with what I found to be a great location for the Forbidden City, Shopping, Food, T-Square, etc. The standard room that I was in was small / medium size and functional. Nothing fancy. I'd recommend including the breakfast with the room. It had a large selection of food and beverages for the price. The quality and selection is a little better if you go early before the restaurant fills up and moves you over to the convention rooms.The phone and internet available were convenient but a little pricey if you need to make a lot of calls or use the internet alot. The staff was friendly/helpful when needed and the exchange rates were very very reasonable so you can change out dollars, etc very conveniently there if that is a concern. The hotel location is the big plus. It was close to alot of the tourist, shopping, food, night market but just enough away from the main tourist/travel areas that you could enjoy the local flavor there.	
Nov 10 2009 	not bad	I reserved a room on one of the higher floors for a view. It did not look toward the Forbidden City, however, that did not matter to me. Room was clean and comfortable. I was satisfied.	
Nov 8 2009 	Very good value	Good location near the Forbidden City. We stayed in a suite on the executive floor with one bedroom, one living room and a big bath room which was very good value and also included a breakfast buffet either in the executive lounge or in the coffee shop.	
Nov 7 2009 	Look elsewhere - not deserving of 4 stars	Room tired and badly in need of a complete renovation. Tiles cracked in bathroom. Ceiling chipped and paint flaking. Air con only works on either hot or cold depending on the season. When we reported the room was too hot, housekeeping arrived and opened the windows (to let in smog and noise) saying &quot;fixed now&quot;. No air con works on cold at this time of the year.Wobbly tables in the executive breakfast area. No non smoking rooms available had to put up with a stale cigarette smoke smell.The main reason we took this hotel was that it had a view overlooking the Forbidden City for which we paid extra. All we have been able to see for 2 days are numerous garbage dumps and run down dwellings. We are yet to see the Forbidden City.Hopefully tomorrow might be the big day.On the plus side staff try to be very helpful and do their best.Breakfast was acceptable.	
Nov 4 2009 	recommended	room is clean. big-sized beds, nice area, friendly people,	
Nov 1 2009 	no hot water and no working TV	I´m staying here for 6 nights on the executive floors and this third day in Beijing, it snowed for about 6 hours. Not very heavy snow, but it snowed. (I´m from Sweden so I understand the meaning of REAL snow.)So... when I came back to the hotel after a long day on the town, I really just felt like curling up in my bed after a nice hot shower, to watch a movie. Well, first I noticed that the TV wasn´t working and after calling the assistant manager of the hotel I learned that because of the snow, the ENGLISH channels wasn´t working.... However, the Chinese are working fine.. To me, that is just strange...So, I figured, allright I´ll have a nice hot shower, warm up and maybe then the TV will work.So I get in the shower but only to learn that there was no hot water. Fumingly P-O´d I had to finish my cold shower and then called the assistant manager again to ask why the h-ll the hot water didn´t work. She then blamed the snow again and since I asked if this really was a four star hotel and not a one star hostel, she tried to convince me that all the hotels in Beijing had the same problem which I highly doubt since there are some very high rated hotels in this town that I strongly doubt would ever let their guests have to shower in cold water on a snowy day.But, to be fair, the service has been fast and efficient. They WANT TO solve your problems and supposingly what´s keeping them from succeeding is the Chinese system and also language barriers.Most of the staff speak SOME english but I would be lying to say that this goes for the majority. Most of them can´t understand you and I have yet to meet someone who can have a conversation and not just say yes maam or certainly, or for that matter, it is because of the snow. That one was probably just reading from a manual though... :)To me a hotel should be comfortable and to me, being away from home, that is a nice bathroom with hot water, a TV that actually works and Airconditioner that works. (The AC doesn´t work either but that problem is smaller now that it is cold outside... However, heater doesn´t seem to work either now that I tried... Hmmm... The bed is a Kingsize and very hard but comfy. The Forbidden City view is nice too.I´m not staying here again though.	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect hotel for our holiday in Beijing	Printed out the name of Hotel in Chinese - large writing - for the airport taxi as many of the taxi drivers cannot read small print. We stayed on the executive floor just near the elevators. We didn't hear any noise - all the staff were very welcoming and one day we forgot to get the room cleaned but they were happy to come and clean it at 6 pm whilst we were at happy hour. Between 5-7 pm they serves fruit, cakes and little savouries + tea, coffee or juice complimentary. We also had breakfast included which was wonderful.We are two friends (female) travelling without our partners so it was very important to feel safe. This hotel served our purpose. It is on a major shopping street - although we were so busy we only managed to get there twice during our 5 night stay. The taxi fares to everywhere were about 20 yuan and the staff made sure that were being looked after. A special thanks to Rachel on the executive floor and Apple at the porters desk. Lovely girls always ready to help.Thank you Wangfujing Grand - it was a delight to be so central in Beijing and we really enjoyed the cultural sites and shopping.	
Oct 6 2009 	Price was right but no internet	This hotel has a fabulous location, amongst many hutongs to explore and very close to the cultural sights of the city. Great food nearby and taxi's are easy to get right at the hotel. The staff were, overall, very helpful, friendly and prompt. Our room was very reasonably priced, and I think we mostly got what we paid for. There were some frustrations, however, that will prevent us from recommending this place to anyone. Our room was in need of some deep cleaning. The bed was clean, and surfaces were &quot;clean&quot; but it needed more than the surface. The furniture and carpet needed to be shampooed or replaced, and the wooden pieces were all very scuffed up. There is also no microwave in the room, which makes having a referigerator somewhat pointless. The other big room amenity that we thought we'd have was internet access. The staff mostly spoke fairly good English, but our biggest frustration was when they would guess what you were meaning rather than really listening to you. On the morning we were to leave, I wanted to confirm our flight departure time (which would be easy if we had internet access), and we were on a tight schedule to try to go get breakfast before having to check out and get to the airport, so I asked in the lobby where I could check the internet for our flight time, which was apparently translated as needing tickets (I don't know how), so they sent me to the ticket office. I thought this was strange, but I waited until they were available, then asked if I could check my flight time on the internet and she wanted to see my itinerary sheet and then kept looking for which airline to call, and I reiterated that it would take me a matter of seconds to just hop on the computer to check, and she kept looking, then wrote down a number for me to call. I repeated, doesn't this hotel have internet for guests? She directed me to the desk opposite her, and he proceeded to also look through my itinerary and I asked again if I could just look it up quickly, and he typed in some info. into his computer, then called the airline, whose line was busy and he said I could maybe call them in the afternoon to check, but my flight was leaving before then! I was beginning to lose my mind at this point and I said, once more, isn't there any internet, and I finally got a response, which was, &quot;Oh yes, on the 2nd floor in the business office.&quot; I went up to the 2nd floor, only to find that the internet was going to cost me a ridiculous sum. Needless to say, this was a massive waste of my time and we had to leave right away for our flight since all of our time for breakfast was fittered away by people pretending to know what I was asking. If they had said they didn't understand, that would have been better.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location good service okay hotel	This hotel is well located if you want to see the sights, shop and check out the night market. The staff at the Concierge desk are excellent and very helpful in arranging cars to the sights such as the Great Wall. We found the Concierge desk was generally much cheaper than the tour operator also located in the hotel. On the down side, despite a request for a no smoking room, as there is a mix of smoking and non-smoking rooms on the floor the air is rather unpleasant. Food at the hotel is very expensive but lots of less expensive good restaurants in the area. The rooms definitely need a face lift, particulary the carpeting. We spent a month touring China and on a whole, we liked this hotel, despite some room for improvement.	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent!	Highly recomment it! Very nice hotel. Great rooms. Good breakfast. Most of the stuff talked English (very important in China), and walking distance to all the shops in Wanfujing street. It is in the centre of the Beijing so very easy to move around by taxi or foot. Good value!	
Jul 26 2009 	don't expect 4* but for the price its very good	Perfectly situated on Wangfujing Street. Perhaps not the 5* some websites quote but a good 4* hotel if the hotel is well run, as this one is. Immediate service on arrival from front the desk with bags retrieved from the taxi and as you exit the lift the bell boy is waiting to deliver them to your room. Rooms clean and reasonably spacious by other major city standards. Buffet breakfast, Western or Asian food, eggs as requested etc all with impeccable service. I picked the hotel for its central location and it fulfilled that requirement. It’s a couple of hundred metres walk before you come to the pedestrianised part of Wangfujing Street and not a particularly interesting walk but very brief. A couple of shops and a 711 type supermarket only yards away. As you enter the pedestrianised area on your right is a street with the night food stalls. Food is mostly served on skewer sticks. The food is good but its really fast food in that you eat while walking, no stalls have seats. There are a couple of open seating areas in Wangfujing Street where you can have a beer, soft drink or a cup of tea. This was our first taste of China hotels and yes, rumours about hard beds are true. Not too bad though and you do get used to them quite quickly. All in all avery comfortable few days stay.	
Jul 17 2009 	not a good one	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel, afterall i can say is, i would rather pay more for a nicer one. we didn't expect much since the price was low, and the service was not bad, however the facilities were really old and need renovation for sure. worn swimming pool and bathroom. and one of the cards for the room was not working properly, we had to try serveral times for every entry. Personnal was not that courteous, don't look for proactivity you will never find it. Everyone is kind of slow there... Food was not that great, at least for the breakfast.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good hotel reasonably priced	I have stayed here twice in the past six months and am impressed by this hotel. The staff are really attentive, and speak good english.The Business Centre has facilities that work well. I spent 9 days in an exectutive room, which is probably the biggest hotel room I have ever stayed in, very plush, with a great bathroom.The views from the room and the executive lounge are over the Forbidden City and Jingshan Hill, which was a real bonus. The executive lounge is well serviced with attentive, friendly staff.I had breakfast in the executive lounge each day and the selection was not bad at all. There was of course the option to eat downstairs but the lounge was so convenient and nice, it seemed churlish not to use it.The gym and poole were in the basement of the hotel and felt rather dank and gloomy - this would be my only criticim. The Wangfujing is in a great location for sightseeing and it's easy to go for an evening stroll and see a bit of Beijing life. It is smart enough to bring clients back to the lobby, and the doormen are excellent.The cost of the executive room included breakfast and high speed internet, which made it really good value, and since I was staying for several days there was the option of either a complimentary airport pickup or a tour to the Great Wall.My reason for not going back is that it is in a difficult location for my business meetings, other than that I would stay here every time.	
May 31 2009 	not a bad deal overall	For the low price, the hotel wasn't a bad deal, but that also means one couldn't expect too much. The stuff were friendly and generally did their best to be helpful. The rooms were average and had free Internet. The location was not bad, within 5-minute walk to the Wangfujing pedestrian street, but there was some sort of construction behind the hotel that went on all night long every night the entire time we stayed at the hotel, making it very noisy even at night.Our biggest problem was with the other guests at the hotel, many of which were loud, rude, and generally behaved badly. We encountered incidents such as: (1) children pushing waste paper into our room from under the door; (2) adult guests from other rooms following us to our door and trying to look inside our room; (3) guests smoking in non-smoking areas (e.g., in the elevator or hotel lobby); (4) guests cutting in lines; (5) guests shouting loudly in the hallway; (6) guests getting dead drink in the middle of the night and having to be carried out into the taxis.So, if you can stand the noise and the bad behaviors from the other guests, then the hotel isn't a bad deal.	
May 25 2009 	Not so impressed	We stayed at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel in Beijing on May 8th and 9th. Negatives: The hotel staff was not friendly or helpful, especially the man who exchanged our money. You had to wait for awhile to exchange money as well. The rooms were smaller and the bathrooms were tiny. The furnishings were worn. The air conditioning in our room did not work. We did call the front desk and they did send someone up to &quot;fix it,&quot; but it still did not work.Positives: Housekeeping staff was friendly and prompty. The hotel was a good location, a few blocks away from the Forbidden Palace. The breakfast buffet was pretty good. Rooms were clean. Lobby is nice and the cocktail bar employees were very nice.There is a restaurant with great food next to hotel. Take a right out of the hotel and the smaller/cheaper hotel next door has an excellent restaurant. Peking duck was delicious as was all the other food. You do need to order the Peking Duck in the morning as it takes all day to prepare. Yum!	
May 2 2009 	Ok hotel in good location great views	This was an average hotel with clean rooms and decent room rates when booked online (in the US). Everything else in the hotel was exorbitantly priced though, including the restaurant (which had a large but largely inedible buffet we tried for both breakfast and dinner), the interesting shops where we did part with some of our money, the hotel internet rates, and the lobby lounge, where they basically pressured you to order something for the use of the lobby chairs. I indulged a few times when I just needed to sit down after a lot of walking, but got the evil eye from a waitress another time when I didn't order yet another $6 or $8 tiny can of juice the second time in one day. That was about the last straw. When we extended our stay an extra night, they wouldn't give us the online rate directly, and their on-site rate was considerably higher than our previous rate. We had to rebook online then nervously check back with the hotel multiple times because they had a problem retrieving the reservation. Finally it came through, and we were relieved we didn't have to leave before they kicked us out. They did nothing to accommodate us, nor would they even talk to the travel agent.The location is great. We had a view of the Forbidden City from our room that was beautiful at night. And many tourist attractions were a 10 - 25 minute walk away. We particularly loved the QuanJuDe Peking Duck house about 10 minutes away, and also really liked the Serendipity Internet cafe that served a yummy, affordable American breakfast and strong coffee, just diagonally across the street from the hotel. We should have gone there every morning, but discovered it too late. The Internet was free for an hour. Great place.Last note - this was an interesting hotel, almost Vegas style. It attempted to offer an immersive experience where you almost didn't need to leave. They had a restaurant, tea house, a nightclub with scantily clad show girls/escorts, numerous shops, a lounge, a spa, a travel office, and probably other amenities too. Most of the other hotels in the immediate area seemed similar, including the ridiculous pricing on everything but the rooms.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great hotel in a wonderful location	I was honestly expecting less from this hotel but was very pleasantly surprised. The service was very good from the reception staff to the waiters in the restaurant. Breakfast wasn't included in our room when we booked but I assume they upgraded us because we were able to get it every morning of our stay (some of it is a bit weird but I tried everything.. hey you’re in China!!). The hotel needs a few updates but the room was spacious and clean. Make sure you read all the signs to know what’s complimentary and what's not (for example some of the bath salts, etc in the bathroom), but they gave us new bottles of water every day and there was tea available.The location of the hotel is great because Wangfujing street is full of stores and malls which are all maybe a 5-10 min walk. It's also close to major attractions like the Forbidden City (I wish I could give you taxi prices but I don't remember, I just know they weren't bad at all). The bell hops will gladly get you a cab and arrange a rate in case the driver doesn't speak good English. This isn't a 5 star hotel but it definitely exceeded my expectations and I'd be very happy to stay there again if I return to Beijing.	
Apr 3 2009 	A chronic case of the ok's - average.	Tired would have to be the word to sum it all up. We arrived by taxi at our last port of call with two very heavy and large backpacks (after backpacking the north/west of China), and 2 smaller and heavy day packs and 2 smaller parcels, even though there were 1 doorman and 2 porters, no one came running to open our door, nor carry our bags. So in with our bags we did carry (not off to a great start Wangfujing), reception was ok, but during our check in, our receptionist kept answering calls, so it took 20mins instead of 5mins.The rooms are very tired, I agree with 'an-american' with their review, doors cracking, the carpet very worn so it looks filthy. We paid 900RMB which included 2 breakfasts each day, I have no idea which room we stayed in, as the english spoken was ok. Breakfast was again, ok. I think they cater for quite a few Chinese/Japanese/Koren business people as more than half the breakfast is vegetables, pickeled eggs, noodles etc. But the service in the restuarant was the best I had seen in the whole hotel.There is one english movie chanel and discovery channel, one japanese channel, and I think (don't quote me) 1 french channel on the TV.We utilised the pool, which was ok (again tired) and located very annoyingly through the lobby (we tried the access lift from the rooms and it takes you to the rabbit warren massage parlor where the massage therapist jumps on you for work).We also used the internet at the business centre, only to have a heart attack at 21RMB per 15mins (hostels have it for free or 2RMB per 15mins).I've just read the other recent reviews now and I think ours is on par with them, but does anyone think that Celinda27 and Elainesun might actually work for the hotel? :)The place does lack a lobby where you can just sit. After we checked out but our plane didn't leave until 10pm that night, we went to go sit in what we thought was the lobby lounge to plan what to do for 8 hours. We were continuely pestered by the bar staff for drinks and food, and they were quite rude when we said no (theres that capatalism we so love from this country rearing its head again) and we were only there for 15minutes.All in all, its just an average hotel. Nothing to rave about, nothing outstanding, don't come here for a honeymoon sort of thing. But I suppose this may be the normal throughout China. What a westerner excpects from 5 star hotels (and my partner works for one of the best in Victoria) may actually be 3 star to them normally (while in China).	
Jan 26 2009 	Average	The Good: The location is very convenient. It's within walking distance of the forbidden palace and several shopping malls. The rooms were large and had everything you would expect from a business class hotel. The breakfast buffet also had a good sampling of both western and chinese dishes. The Bad: Maid service was pitifully slow. I have no idea how it takes more than an hour to bring extra towels, but these folks have found a way. Also, maybe I'm off base here, but I was shocked to find the concierge spoke no english. I don't want to suggest that I think everyone should cater to americans and learn english, but I come to expect that a westernized hotel that caters to businesspeople and tourists will have a concierge who can point out on my map how to get to the Forbidden Palace. Finally, the rooms are looking a bit worn and could use some refurbishing.Overall: I can't recommend staying here. The level of service provided was insufficient for the price being charged. There are many quality hotels in Beijing that charge similar prices, and I would stay at one of them instead.	
Jan 8 2009 	desperate in need of remodeling.	first the positives:--the location is nice, a less than 5 minute walk to the Wangfujing shopping area. --price is relatively low.now the negatives:--the rooms are desperately in need of remodeling. cracked ceiling, dirty carpet, mold in the bathtub corners, etc. (see picture)--the walls are really thin. if you are a light sleeper staying here during busy season, bring ear plugs. --there is a box of condom for sale in the bathroom of all the rooms. talk about tacky for a 4 star hotel. (see picture)--this hotel will try to Nichol and Dime you on everything. for those of you who does not know this expression, it means they will try to charge you for everything. your towels are too dirty, your room seems smoky, you want a bottle of water, you want to make some tea or coffee in the room...you name it, they will try to charge you.	
Jan 6 2009 	In dire need of a revamp - but the service is impeccable	We stayed at the hotel at the beginning of 09 as a family and after the initial shock about the rather tired and worn lobby were pleasantly surprised. We all got nice although worn rooms, everything was very clean and the service in the bar and especially at breakfast was very attentive. In relation to other hotels in Beijung we all got a good deal through a friend - the location is good to for all tourist attractions in the city and the airport can be convienently reached within 40 minutes . If you do not mind it a bit old and you get a good rate give it a try !!	
Jan 5 2009 	No good	After reading the positive reviews in this website, I booked the hotel thru Sinohotel.com at RMB 600 per night standard room only.We face the same situation as pattiWinnipeg. Upon arrival on Dec 18, lady at reception immediately offer us the Executive Floors for RMB850 with breakfast and we did not pick up the offer. We were given a room on 4/F, number 420. The room was run down especially the toilet and the king mattress, in addition, it is next to a room open to public for herbal spa. I am not sure the condition of their Executive rooms, but the standard room I stayed can only classified as 3 stars. I will not stay in this hotel again.	
Dec 17 2008 	"Bait and Switch"	We booked the Wangfujing Grand Hotel on the Travelocity website, along with a flight to Beijing. After doing some business in other parts of China, this was our &quot;vacation&quot;. We chose the Wangfujing Grand because of some positive reviews we had read, and because the price seemed reasonable, and included breakfast (which we heard can be very expensive in China). We arrived in Beijing mid-afternoon and were impressed by the colorful, grand lobby. The &quot;front desk&quot; is a series of small desks, and we were greeted by an English-speaking, but not extremely warm, young lady. She immediately informed us that we could upgrade our hotel room to the Executive Floors for only 600 RMB ($80) per night. We just laughed and said &quot;No thank you&quot;. When we asked about the included breakfast, she told us that we did not have that perk with our package. We also could not get the king bed we had requested, but we decided to go see the twin room they had for us. The room was on the 8th floor, was very dingy (although the beds looked crisp and clean), and was very small. We went back down to the lobby, ended up seeing the manager, and were shown to a room on the 13th (Executive) floor, which we eventually negotiated for 500 RMB extra per night (about 50% more than we had planned to spend). The room did include breakfast.Staying on the Executive Floor was wonderful. The room was large, had free internet, and a jetted tub (which came in handy after touring outdoors all day in Beijing's winter climate!) The breakfast lounge was quiet and the food was quite good. We appreciated the lovely Christmas carols playing in the lounge.The hotel was well-located to walk to places of interest. The hotel restaurants were okay, and we found Room Service to be particularly nice!Apart from the first trying 2 hours, I would recommend the Wangfujing Grand Hotel. When you book, be sure that you have all the &quot;perks&quot; in writing!	
Nov 6 2008 	the best hotel for traveling	When my boyfriend and i stayed at Wangfujing Grand hotel in beijing China, we really enjoyed the wonderful time. The staffs at this hotel are very helpful, friendly, and have a good command of english. We lived at Room.1435 where can appreciate the amazing view of Forbidden city. And my boyfriend really love the typical chinese food at breakfast buffet. Because we stayed here for five days, they provided us a free beijing one day tour. The great wall is awesome!!!! Overall, it is an excellent hotel and i highly recommand for you.	
Nov 4 2008 	good service and perfect location	Booked through the website of the hotel with quick feedback.In an Executive room with the forbidden city view.The staff was helpful and smiled always.It's located in the centre of the city and you can get to anywhere from there.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent hotel in central Beijing	Had an excellent stay at the Wangfujing Grand. At check-in, the clerk asked me if I wanted to stay in an improved room (at a higher rate of course). I declined and was upgraded into an executive suite, which gave me access to the executive lounge and breakfast. The staff at the hotel were excellent, always available and courteous. The hotel is well situated, within walking distance of the forbidden city.Plenty of restaurants in the area.	
Oct 7 2008 	Very good location reasonable price	We have just returned from a weekend for 4 days at Beijing at Wangfujing Grand Hotel .we find this hotel throw the internet.After reading the reviews in this website my expectations was was bit low but when we visit we find out that the location very good just near the center and fit our needs.The room was very clean little bit small of smoking and average size also there is Free internet in the room.The service was good just make sure when you ask for late check out that its without charge even if you late in 5 min.There is pool there we didn’t visit.There are option for breakfast but we ate outside much cheaper.We recommend the overall is very good.We did the privet tour to the great wall not throw the hotel it was cheaper in 20%.	
Sep 20 2008 	Highly reccomended	We have recently stayed in Wangfujing hotel and had a really wonderful experience. The got our suitcases to our room, we checked in very quickly, and in general really enjoyed everyone who worked there. The staff is very friendly, courteous and helpful. If they don't know something, they'll find you someone who does.When we checked in, they told us that they upgraded our room. I'm not sure if the actual room was any different, but we now had free breakfast in the morning which was a big bonus since places to eat were hard to find at times in the city.The room was spacious and nicely decorated. The tv had I believe 4 English channels which were just enough to catch up on the news and such. There was a safe in the room and a fridge. Toiletries were provided and included shampoo, body wash, comb, toothpaste and toothbrush, and a shower cap. The rest were in the room but were not complimentary and the prices were clearly written so look before you open something. There was also complimentary water as well as water for purchase.The beds were nice (not too soft but certainly not bad at all), The comforters were great, could have used an extra pillow though.The breakfast we really loved actually. It's not the scrambled eggs and bacon you'd be used to though. They had some foods that you'd never expect to eat first thing in the morning but then you are in China! There is large variety and 2 dining rooms- relax and enjoy.One thing to watch out for: It seemed to us that there were several cab drivers who hung out outside the hotel. They are the ones that get called when guests want to go on a big trip ( the Great Wall in our case). The price is predetermined.. and we were charged 700 yuan (I think you can get less elsewhere) and the cabbie drove us to some factory prior to the great wall. We read a lot about this place and that tourists get taken there but we didn’t think a cab driver would do this. We got out of the cab and walked in but quickly told the &quot;tour guide&quot; that we weren't interested. The driver was visibly upset by this and didn’t say anything to us for the rest of the trip ( we later learned that he gets commission from the factory for each guest or something of that nature). So when this happens just insist that you only want to go to the palce you asked for.. unless you want to see how a vase is made.	
Apr 4 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	Seven of us went to China recently and this was our first stop. We stayed 3 night, sightseeing during the day with China Travel Service USA. The taxi ride from the airport was harrowing because we didn't have the Hotel name written in Chinese and taxi driver's do NOT read English.The Hotel was a welcome haven: friendly staff, clean rooms, nice breakfast every morning. We were comfortable by Western standards. One of our party did not read the fine print on various toiletries, etc around the room and had to disgorge some items from her suitcase on leaving or pay for them!After a full day of walking and climbing the stairs of Beijing's fabulous historic sites, we appreciated the comfortable beds and quiet of the Wangfujing Grand.	
Mar 31 2008	Good location. Average room and service.	Good location in central Beijing - walking distance to the Forbidden City, Wangfujing Shopping District, National Art Gallery, etc. Not very close to Wangfujing Metro but very close to bus and tram stops, also easy to get a taxi.Rooms are a bit old and not very clean. From rooms at higher floors facing southwest you can get a glimpse of the ancient roofs of the Forbidden City - though maybe not worthy of the extra money you pay.	
Mar 2 2008 	Average hotel. Good and bad bits.	Stayed at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel for 4 nights. Has its positives and negatives. The positives were the staff was very friendly, the location was great, just 5 min walk to the Wangfujing shopping area, and about 20mins to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City and free internet in the room. The bad side was the rooms were a little tiresome, the aircon/heater was noisy and although it was a non-smoking room, at times the scent of tobacco smoke hung around (maybe this is throughout China) . The buffet restaurant in the lobby was expensive. Also the hotel booked us in for a tour of the Great Wall- Unfortunately we left at 8am came back at 5pm and spent just 90 minutes at the great wall and less time at the Ming Tombs, so you can imagine where they took us ( jade &quot;factory&quot; for one), so I wouldnt recommend the tour suggested by the hotel. Overall if you don't mind putting up with a few nuisances this might be a good choice, otherwise there's a Crown Plaza just across the street.	
Dec 5 2007 	Well staffed	We stayed 2 nights at first and were pleased enough to book again on our return to Beijing for a 4 night stay. We didn't really experience the bait and switch tactics described by others. We were offerred an upgrade, but the original room we received was cleaner and larger thanmost other hotels I've seen (the room on the second stay was slightly smaller and less nicely decorated but still well above average). It's clearly an old hotel with a nice lobby added more recently to make it more up to date, but I thought the older section was nicely updated and well maintained. We enjoyed the large indoor pool but were a little disappointed that they required a swimming cap which forced me to buy one from them. The work-out facilities were adequate but could have used a bit more variety of equipment. The thing that really stoodout here for me though was the helpfulness and friendliness of the staff. We had left a computer in the taxi when we checked in. While the desk clerk was not really initially helpful, the bell captain immediately tracked it down and had it brought back. My companion, who is a native speaker of Chinese, had simultaneously called the taxicompany himself and was having a lot of difficulty getting them to do anything about the problem. The location was excellent with lots to see on walks around the area.	
Nov 28 2007 	..	It surprises me that hotels still use that line - over and over again. It's as if thay have forgotten to mention to the staff that they will see me throughout the day. More than once.But I have felt that robic, run-of -the -mill service from this hotel, Wangfujing Grand Hotel. I'm not the guy on line 2 or in room 809. I actually have a name and interests. I remember i stayed in Wangfujing Grand Hotel serval days ago, and i did my usual morning run. It was early, so i snuck out. But when i returned, here was a gentleman, Nick or other names I did not see clear, from Wangfujing Grand Hotel, standing with a bottle of water for me. It made me a day!	
Nov 26 2007 	Not worth the time	I stayed for 4 nights in Nov 2007 and couldn`t be happier when I checked out (prepaid the stay). Whilst the bed was clean, I can't say the same for the condition of the carpet in the room, lobby and the dampness smell in the corridor. I had dinner (ala carte) and breakfast at the cafe on the first night and first morning - twice are more than enough !! Lastly, the front desk and maitre d (cafe) is a joke - unprofessional and clueless. Whilst the location is fairly close to the Wangfujing pedestrian mall, there are other better value for money hotels in terms of the condition of the hotel, service and location. Taxis are plenty and cheap in Beijing, but if you want to access the subway, the location of the hotel is inconvenient as the closest subways - Wangfujing or Dengshikou - are at least 15 mins walk and more.	
Nov 20 2007 	Old hotel too expensive for that service	I have stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in Nov. 2007. It is an old hotel and you can see it and feel it every time you enter this hotel. I have booked regular room but uppon arrival I have upgraded it for 200 RMB (approx. 30 USD) per night to executive room (computer in room, breakfast and bigger bath room). The rooms and bathrooms are rather small. The rooms are very dark! The breakfast is 'so so'. The location of the hotel is for plus.Next time in Beijing I will pick up another hotel.	
Nov 3 2007 	Decent hotel good location	I stayed at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel in October 2007 for 3 nights. The hotel was part of packaged tour, so I think this avoided any of the reservation problems experienced by others. I wasn't too sure what to expect of the hotel, but the room we were given was decent, probably equivalent to a 3-star hotel by North American standards. It looked the room had been refurbished recently; however, it looked like more attention had been paid to certain areas (e.g. linens, bathroom fixtures). There were some spots that were showing their age; for example, the corners of the room were dusty and there was a greyish stain on the bathroom floor and tub. Our tour included breakfast, so we had breakfast at the ground level restaurant every morning. The selection was great, as both Chinese and Western items were available. The location was great as it was within walking distance from the Wangfujing pedestrian shopping area. For those interested in shopping, there's a large shopping mall at the end of the Wangfujing Avenue with many international stores. All in all, it was a decent hotel, but I would probably would have shopped around more for other hotels if I wasn't restricted by the tour.	
Nov 1 2007	Good spot for non smokers In China	This hotel had a great location - it was located approx 15min walk to Tian. Sq and the foribidden city and was situated along the main shopping street so very handy.It is VERY hard for non smokers to get any satifaction in terms of hotels in china but this almost did the job for the most part. It had a partial non smoking floor/rooms which is sacred there. The lobby on the other hand was a nightmare. People lit up anywhere but that was throughout.The room was gorgeous - (we upgraded to a superior room) and had great views of the city (we could see the FC!!) and a free desktop with internet access. Decor in the room was tasteful and shower was excellent.Staff were fine.I wouldn't recommend their spa - I went for a message and people were smoking beside you, no privacy and it was done through your clothes!	
Oct 21 2007 	Mostly good	I stayed at the Wangfufing for 4 nights during a regional business meeting. Generally the hotel has the all amenities you would expect: TV in many languages (CNN &amp; sports channel in English), electronic safe in room, bottled water for brushing teeth, minibar, etc. I had a nice stay, but there were a few things that kept it from being great.The room was pretty clean, but the furniture showed some wear. The internet access is free, but there are some websites that seems to be blocked (for example my company VPN and webmail were both inaccessible). The breakfast buffet was also free with my stay. They have some western foods - cereal, rolls, etc. - but it's mostly Chinese food. This was OK, but it's basically the same food at the lunch buffet. This gets a little boring after a few days, so I recommend getting out of the hotel to eat.The staff is pretty helpful and quite a few people spoke English. A woman at the concierge gave me great advice about walking to the north entrance of the Forbidden City instead of the south entrance where all of the tour groups enter. The hotel is walking distance to a lot of sights and there are some great restaurants, the night market (street food), and interesting shops on some of the side streets nearby. The location really helps the hotel and it seems safe to walk around, at least early in the evening when I was out. The hotel also has an ATM or they will change money for you at the front desk.I wasn't sure what to expect from a hotel in China, but the overall experience was pretty good and I would stay here again if I went to Beijing.	
Sep 24 2007 	A very pleasant stay	Stayed 7 nights and because I had read of previous reviewers citing problems with std rooms and the 'bait &amp; switch' upgrades to executive rooms I reserved 2 rooms on the Ecutive floor overlooking Forbidden City, just in case. Upon checking in we were offered bigger rooms for an extra 100RMB per night and after inspection of both rooms we agreed to the upgrade. As only 1 bigger room was available on the first night my wife &amp; daughter occupied that room whilst my son &amp; I took the smaller room, with an agreement to move to the larger room the next day.Later that night I was advised that there had been a mistake and the the extra price was 200RMB per night. I decided to not take up the offer of the 2nd bigger room. Was it a 'b&amp;s'? Don't know but as over the next 7 days we had no cause for any complaints I put it down to an honest mistake. They do happen!Both rooms were adequate, the bigger having been recently refurbished.Unfortunately, the view of the Forbidden City was very restricted by the 'haze' over the city.We had breakfast in the Executive level room where the food was a mixture of Chinese and Western and was very nice.In all of our dealings with the staff we found them very friendly, courteous and keen to want to attend to our needs. English is only a bit of a problem as there was always someone else on the staff who they could call on if we couldn't communicate. The location was excellent, being right on the main shopping street, the main shopping mall being just a couple of blocks down the road, and within easy walking distance of the Forbidden City.The hotel was recommended by a colleague who had stayed there earlier in the year and like him I was very happy with hotel and had an excellent stay.	
Jul 7 2007 	At bit like Beijing these days (mixed feelings)	I have mixed feelings about this hotel following a recent stay of two nights.I had an Executive King room and overall it was clean and well maintained.If you are tourist, the location is close to some significant sites such as the square and the new museum. Allegedly, it has view of the Forbidden City. I am not in a position to comment on what continues “a view” as I was there on business and could not justify the additional cost. My room faced the main entrance above and looking onto Wangfujing Avenue.The facility catered for all my needs but it remains unremarkable, typical of a solid 3-4 star Chinese value hotel. Room service is good but the menu is limited.The staff interaction was really delightful and clear.Is the hotel value for money? Yes, I think it is. Would I stay again? Yes, I would for a quick stay, 2 nights was enough?Typically Beijing is attracting the same problems faced by most international cites. So within 1 km square of the hotel do not expect much of what could be considered true Chinese culture. If you like seeing other, western faces and brand name stores: if you are nervous without a “club sandwich” on the menu, then you will feel right at home.The biggest down side for me (as a single male traveller, families will not even notice them) was being hassled by street prostitutes within 500 meters of the front door.	
Jul 6 2007 	Shady Business Practice	I booked a deluxe room in this hotel via asiahotels. for five days. They showed me into a dark, damp, and moldy old room with a bathroom where there was no tub and the shower head hangs directly over the toilet seat. Two of the four lights in the room were broken, the comforter cover smelled of body odor. I complained to the management and they assured me that it was indeed a deluxe room and all of their rooms in this range are similarly equipped. They then showed me a very nice suite on the executive floor and asked if I would prefer an upgrade. I couldn't stand the mildew smell of the deluxe room and accepted the upgrade. The new room could not be booked via the website so I was given no discounts. I ended up paying the full price for the five-day stay. If this isn't the classic bait and switch, I don't know what is. Also, the staff is only friendly to a non-Asian face. I am Chinese, so had quite a few cold glares from them.	
May 17 2007 	Deserves Better Credit	Stayed for 4 nights April 07. Great location. View of FP from my window. Excellent service. Plenty of Space. Nice bedding. Clean and upscale bathroom. Quiet. Watch out for bait and switch if you have breakfast included in your room. Go to the restaurant with the American buffet. The restaurant right next door will tell you the American restaurant is full to try to get you to pay for their breakfast.	
Apr 15 2007	Good Value	Among the three hotels I stayed in China in 3 different cities, Wangfujing is the one that I have the least confidence in writing this review because it seems to me the quality of the experience depends heavily on whether you speak Mandarin and wether you are lucky the day you check in. The hotel, according to its staff, is the only hotel in the city that has a view of the forbidden city, which is quite true and the view was fantastic. We were initially assigned to a very smoky room on the 11th floor with a very dirty carpet, then they watned to give us another room that was equally smoky, but slightly cleaner. After a bit of negotiation, the staff decided to upgrade us to the executive level on the 13th floor (14 being the highest), but we had to pay an extra $200 RMB per night, which we gladly accepted beause this room was about 10 times better and much bigger than any of the rooms I had seen, even though it didn't have the view of the Forbidden City, the view was good with morning sunlight. They have a dining room on the 13th floor that's entirely dedicated to the guests on the 13 &amp; 14 level where you can have breakfast 7-10am, afternoon tea 5-7pm (all included) with a view of the Forbiden City and JingShan Park! So, I highly recommend the excutive rooms. Although, the staff told me the rooms that have the view of the Forbidden City are generally smaller and sometimes can be smoky, so be aware. The house keeping service is a bit random, but generally pretty good and efficient. The location of the hotel is at the top end of the Wngfujing street, so it can take a bit of effort to reach the city center, about 10 mins walk.	
Jan 31 2007	fantastic	I found this hotel on the internet and booked direct. Exceptional location, close to shops and main sites (an easy 10 minute walk to Forbidden City and Tian'anmen Square). The staff was friendly and very welcoming. Rooms were big, comfortable and very modern. Try to have breakfast in the hotel as it was great value and offered Chinese food along side western. The hotel arranged taxis for us to the Summer Place (a must) and at half the cost of the “trips”. Plenty of excellent restaurants near by and not speaking any Chinese language did not cause any difficulty. Lots of pointing and smiling sufficed. No hesitation in recommending and I would stay there again.	
Jan 10 2007 	Comfortable Stay	It was a nice place to stay while my wife and daughter got used to Beijing, China. We stayed on the executive floor, the room was comfortable and the service decent. The English of some of the staff is not very good but they're patient and willing to help. My wife enjoyed the breakfast, pool and sauna. There was computer with internet access in the room and there appears to be wireless in the lobby but I could never get it to work.	
Dec 7 2006 	barely three stars if that	arrived around 7 pm and told that our booked rooms were sold out but that we will be upgraded to the exec floors for our first of 3 nites, comp, and that if we wanted to stay with the upgrade for the 2d and 3d nights, it would cost us an additional $28 or $40, depending on the room. my friend got a jr suite 13th floor with a jacuzzi tub and view of the forbidden city. He happily paid the extra $40 for the next two nights. We got a exec room on the 14th floor, and we would not have paid an extra cent for the room which did not have heat, but did have fleas as well as blankets which smelled of smoke which i had them change (which they did promptly). the bathroom was 4-star, however. The next day we asked to change rooms and were again told that all rooms were booked. We adamantly refused to pay the extra for our &quot;exec&quot; room and asked to be moved. We also asked if a jr suite were available with the jazuzzi tub for the $40 surcharge and we were told no. At the end, around 10 pm the second evening, we were told we could stay in the flea infested room for no extra charge since no other rooms were available. The whole thing was rather strange, since i did not get the sense at all that the hotel was fully occupied. The elevators were never crowded, and i never saw crowds in the hotel lobby or premises at any time. Perhaps they were undergoing some renovations, as I did see signs of that.As to the facilities themselves, the hotel pool and jacuzzi were located in the basement and were poorly heated. lukewarm, is the best word to describe the jacuzzi. The pool facilitites themselves looked very dated, though they tried to spurce up the trimmings. Yet, it reminded me a bit of YMCA setting-- nothing wrong with that of course, unless you are advertising yourself as a five star facility, which this place was decidedly not. However,the hotel foyer did have an elegant appearance, which perhaps was the sole basis of its high rating That said, a look at the exit stairways from any of the hotel floors will tell you that they are attempting to put a pretty pink dress on what is essentially a pig, but at the end of the day, a pig in a pretty pink dress is still a pig.This &quot;5-star&quot; hotel was included in my travel package, but realistically, i would relunctantly pay $80 to $90 for my room (sans fleas of course) for its location and 3-star qualityFinally, the hotel front desk staff was friendly and seemed to try to do its best under whatever circumstances they were operating under. Tips were gladly accepted as they were everywhere else in Beijing by people trying to get theirs in a society seemed destined for economic stratification, once again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Truly excellent	i am absolutely astonished at the negative things some people have written about this hotel. We were on the executive floor and were very happy with everything; The room was spacious and well equipped including a pc with internet. We actually slept really well on the firm mattress and we had no problem of noise from adjoining rooms. The service was excellent and even the staff with very little english made a huge effort to communicate. As far as the view is concerned, we were lucky because we looked onto the forbidden city. For those of you who have never been to China you have to remember that there are alot of poor people and hence poor housing, so all hotels have some rooms with views that are not what we would hope for. Breakfast was inlcuded on our floor and what we particularly liked is that when we arrived back in the evening after a hard day's visiting and shopping, the 13th floor offered us light snacks and drink s in the comfortable lounge-it was a haven of peace in a crazy city. i am not rich but I am quite well travelled and this is one of the best value hotels I have ever stayed in. i will definitely go back there	
Oct 27 2006 	Convenient and Comfortable	We stayed at the Executive floors in this Hotel for 6 nights and it was comfortable and very convenient. English Channels on TV are limited to CNN &amp; HBO and the rest is Chinese..The internet connection is broadband so you can catch up on mail real fastThe Breakfast is sumptious but its the same menu everyday so plan your eats and is available on the ground floor and the 13th floorThe staff do speak English and are helpful but the housekeeping have a bit of a problem in English comprehension but they try their best to assist.The lobby of the Hotel will give you reminder of the Titanic!!The Hotel is located close to Tinnamen Square and the Forbidden City and in the evenings it a great to take a stroll at Wangfujing Avenue.. A half an hour walk will take you to Belhai Park which is worth visting.Try the Gourmet Street Food court onthe Wangfujing Avenue is awesome and the variety is great and extremely reasonable.We paid RMB 1099/night and you can go in for a half day and the check out time is 6;00 which can be convenientThe Travel desk on the ground floor is helpful and can assist you to reconfirm your ticketsOverall this Hotel is conveniently located, clean and comfortable and if within one's budget it should be in your consideration set.	
May 6 2006	No "western" standard	We stayed for six nights at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel, booked through travel agency. At checkin they upgraded our standard rooms to superior rooms at the 9th floor, with view to the forbidden city without any additional cost - very kind! The room was clean, nothing to critisize on the daily room cleaning service. The hotel itself is nicely furnished in chinese style, from the outside it looks like any other modern, faceless building. If you don't like the standard american hotel chains, the Wangfujing is a good choice. As also other reviewers claimed, the walls between the rooms are very thin. The result is, you can hear everything from your neighbours room - voices, doors, shower, TV, even people walking around.The service at breakfast is poor, but not worse than in other chinese hotels we stayed. You have to fight for coffee/tea, small spoons are hard to get and if there is no sugar on the table, nobody takes care about. The location is very good, forbidden city and many shops/hutongs are in walking distance. Hotel Employees are very kind and try to give the best. Chinese organisation is often lacking, so you need to be patient sometimes. Regardless the negative things we would stay again at the Wangfujing.	
Apr 6 2006	I did not like Wangfujing Grand Hotel	I stayed at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel in Novermber 2005 as the Crowne Plaza Hotel (where I normally stay) further South on Wangfujing Avenue was closed for renovations (thankfully now re-opened).I did not like Wangfujing Grand Hotel. I stayed for 3 nights but did not get one good night's sleep due to the lack of adequate sound proofing in the rooms. The next door guests were sometimes watching TV or having conversations at 2am in the morning. They were not excessively nosiy but due to the paper thin walls between rooms you could hear everything. In addtion the doors to guest rooms seem to have been designed to slam particulary noisly.I went to the reception at 11pm one evening to ask if I could upgrade to a good room. They told me that my room was a good room, and they had nothing better.This hotel I believe has a 5 star rating. All that appears to mean nowadays in China is that it has a grand foyer. The guest rooms here were not grand in any way.The hotel is off a much lower standard than some of the international hotels in Beijing. I hope never have to stay there again.	
Sep 25 2005	It's 4-star if you fight for it	We booked two rooms for 5 nights on the internet at $92 per room per night (not incl breakfast) and were initially put in a moldy room overlooking the rear end of a building, on top of which was actually lying a removed toilet! When i raised hell at the front desk after two nights in these rooms, they upgraded us to the 9th floor, where the rooms were cleaner. Service at the front desk is unfriendly (poor english and poor attitude). The concierge was helpful, but they are in cahoots with the cabs--we got ripped off going to the airport in two cabs, each charging us 150 yuan instead of 100 yuan each.But yes, location is convenient, being at one end of Wangfujing St.So, if you stay here: (1) avoid 3 and 4th floors, stay preferably 8th floor or higher (deluxe rooms), (2) pick your own taxi cabs (3) see if you can get bfast incl in the price, to balance things out.	
Jul 21 2005 	Decent Value-for-Money Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights in April 2005 for business in a room on one of the Executive floors. I had requested a room with a Palace view and was given one with no problems. The view was really amazing even taking into account the slight fog that was around at the time.The room in itself was large and spacious although the lighting could have been improved as it did seem to be a bit obscure at times. Broadband connection exists but was extremely slow. Bathroom was clean and fitted with a jacuzzi bath. Breakfast in the executive floors was sufficient although nothing spectacular. I did not go down to the main dining room to try the breakfast there as the view from the Executive Floor lounge was enough to keep me there in spite of the breakfast variety.Price-wise, the hotel is good value for what you get. The staff's English language skills are not great, but I don't think that is something that should turn you away from what is in essense a decent hotel.	
Dec 13 2004	HORROR HOTEL-AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE	THIS IS AN EXTREMELY BAD HOTEL. We had booked the hotel on the internet, had confirmation of our booking of a premium room with views over Tiananmen Square for an 8.30am arrival. We arrived at the Wangfujing Grand Hotel after travelling all night only to be told we did not have a room. We showed them the confirmation of our booking. They said we would have to take a different room, but it was not ready, so we would have to wait in the lobby. We were very impressed since we had not slept all night and had a disastrous, seriously expensive trip from the airport. After an hour and 40 mins, Steve went up to the desk and asked what was happening. They said the cleaners were still working and we had to wait. About 15 minutes later we were allowed up to the room which was about a 2.5 star standard with cleaners still there. The room was filthy with scraps of screwed up paper still in there, the floor was not vaccumed and there was mould in the bathroom. The room itself was a box with our views over a carpark type rubbish dump. (We have pictures if anyone would like to see).I sat on the bed and it felt like I had just dropped myself onto the floor it was so hard. But we were so tired, we laid on the bed. It had springs sticking out of it and was so hard that afterward we were both aching and I got a bruise on my knee from the spring as I was getting up. The mattress was covered in a single bed sheet which didn't even cover the top of it.A Chinese friend of ours was arriving in Beijing at 2.00pm. We rang him and told him about the hotel, so he came and got us at 3.30pm that day. We checked out of the hotel, but they still charged us for an overnight stay saying we had been in the hotel since 8.30am - even though we were sitting in the lobby for 2 hours! They actually tried to charge us for the 5 nights we had booked. No apologies made for our experience either. In fact, they were extremely off-hand about it and were almost contemptuous toward us. The staff are extremely unprofessional. They also spoke very poor english, so we couldn't even really get our point across. We went to the SHANGRI-LA HOTEL and had an absolutely perfect stay with them. What a contrast!	
Oct 26 2004	Centrally located hotel enjoyable stay	Stayed here with my wife and parents in September 2004. The higher the floor, the higher quality the room, we understood. We stayed in deluxe rooms on the 8th, where the hall carpet was renewed yet the rooms a bit worn, but clean.The best part of this hotel (apart from price in this hotel category) wasn't the view on the rooftops of the Forbidden City or it's (sufficient) breakfast, but it's central location at the end of Wangfujing shopping street, allowing you easy access to all parts of the city. The same-named metro stop is at the other end of this street, some 15 minutes by foot. Here you can also find Oriental Plaza mall, where the basement is filled with great restaurants that will suit anybody's needs and/or wishes. As for visiting the Great Wall at Simatai: one could ask for a taxi to (Dongzhimen) bus station, where privately operated mini-van drivers try and find passengers for the trip. Count on $40 and a 2.5 hour drive.	
Jun 29 2004	Much More Than I Bargained For	This past May, I did what the non-traveler would consider unthinkable. I flew alone to Beijing and stayed by myself for a week. From the moment I arrived, the staff at Wangfujing made me feel extremely welcome. The bellhop brought my bags to my room, showed me around, and twice graciously refused a tip. If he'd taken it, who would've known?? I wondered where the ice machine was located, and a worker in the hall insisted on going to another floor to retrieve the ice for me. Again, no tip wanted.  My room was beautiful, with a window view of the Forbidden City, a round marble bathtub, a robe, and my own slippers. When I unpacked, my dress shirts were wrinkled. Someone picked them up that morning and delivered them back to my room that same day, drycleaned and ready to wear. I felt taken care of every moment.The complimentary breakfast buffet was loaded with American specialties-bacon, sausage, eggs, and vegetables - it kept me full until dinner! As I sipped my morning tea, a hostess would immediately refill my cup-always friendly and smiling.The staff also wrote out landmarks for me in Chinese: Lama Temple, Forbidden City, etc. , so the taxi drivers understood where I wanted to be (I speak ZERO Chinese). The hotel staff placed in front of the building even translated to the taxi when I needed to go to the airport.It is in the perfect Beijing location and easy walking distance to shoppes, restaurants, karaoke, a Catholic church, and the hutong villages. My taxi to the airport cost 100 yuan (13 U.S. dollars). There was a language barrier, but I expected that. Also the gift shoppe and hotel bar were pricey-but it is a 4 star hotel. And it cost me $81.00US a night + tax. How could I possibly complain!I'd stay there again ANYTIME.	
Jun 16 2004	Overall not a good value for money	after spending time in Shanghai, we found Beijing to be overall less friendly and more expensive. This hotel was not great value for money, although the room was clean and had all the ammenties of an Western hotel. Nothing special. Your best bet would be to avoid the bar inside the hotel unless you like paying $6 for a can (yes I said can) of Budweiser. Although, it is funny to watch the karaoke and you will feel as though you have walked back into 1985 with all the irridescent palm trees and lights. The staff was also not that friendly or flexible in trying to help you out. There are a few of them who spoke english. We were trying to get a good deal to get out to the Simatai portion of the great wall and they charged us over $100USD to get a taxi out there. They would not help us hire our own (which we knew would be a third of the cost). Really the only redeeming quality about this hotel is its location. You are within walking distance of the main shopping street. Other than that, I might suggest looking around. 	
Oct 27 2009 	perfetto per lavoro		
Sep 30 2009 	Zentrale und sehr gute Lage		
Aug 22 2009 	Reasonable		
Jan 7 2009 	ci sentiamo truffati la struttura e in pessime condizioni e nociva alla salute		
Aug 15 2008 	Ser schönes Hotel mit Schönheitsfehlern		
