	value for money	we were going to LA with a stop over of two nights &amp; three days at Beijing. i did a lot of looking into the Inter-net to select a suitable &amp; pocket friendly hotel in Beijing. Location was our main consideration. Our Agent helped us to get to this cute little Hutong Hotel pretty close to most attractions of Beijing. For 110 USD per day it is not an inexpensive hotel by Beijing standard but I thinf it was worth every USD.Nice room, fairly big , with traditional chinese decor, hand-crafted furniture, goodly bathroom with modern amenities, the hotel was all that we wanted. I must make a special mention of the Reception Staff, which was simply fabulous-- very cooperative, helpfull, &amp; extremely pleasant &amp; most importantly, nglish speaking.They made up for shortcoming, if any.It offered Chinese &amp; Continental b'fast which was just Ok but sumptuous. Free Inter-net &amp; a cosy little bar, not forgetting small courtyard with swing etc.though centrally located, it is off the main road with a narrow alley leading to it. This meant walking for 2-300 m to get to the main road to get a cab or bus. Minor irritant, considering so many plus points. Extreme winter may be difficult with breezy corridors.	
	SO SWEET HOTEL	Our third hotel in Beijing. This hotel is absolutely fantastic!!! Everything about it was good, especially the people! Everyone did a good job and they worked there very hard and were genuinely nice and helpful. The room was so beautiful and very Chinese. It was amazing and we got a lot of fun.	
Nov 6 2009 	Awesome!! Wouldn't stay anywhere else!!	This hotel is absolutely fantastic!! Everything about it was good, especially the people! Everyone that works there is genuinely nice and helpful. The rooms are beautiful and have all the amenities you would wish for including an awesome shower head (actually, the shower has 2 shower heads so you can choose the one you prefer). The courtyard made me feel that i really am in China! Well, the room did too since it was furnished and decorated &quot;Chinese style&quot;. Enjoyed the breakfast very much and even my husband who doesn't eat pork had a decent selection. I could go on for a long time talking about this wonderful hotel but I'll keep it short and say &quot;Go there!! You will love it!&quot;I want to thank ALL the women and men that work there.. THEY made my trip!!	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful service beautiful hotel	This hotel was everything we hoped for. Beautiful authentic chinese style decoration, charming courtyard, located in a very chinese neighbourhood, but inside all the comfort you need. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and spoke very good english. he location of the hotel was also very good, Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square were close by, and also a big shopping street you could walk to. And even though the hotel is so close to the hustle and bustle of Beijing, when you're in the hotel you will find it is so quiet and peaceful in the courtyard. Loved our stay in this hotel and we will definitely come back if we are ever in Beijing again!	
Oct 2 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else	We wanted to experience the authentic China and this hotel was perfect in every way!! Charming interiors, clean, friendly and helpful staff, great location... Would return in a heartbeat!! I'm in love with Beijing and I can't wait to go back again!	
Sep 29 2009 	Triple happiness all round	Exactly as the brochure says: a traditional Chinese house in the middle of old Beijing. The setting is divine and relaxing, whatever the weather. The staff were the most helpful and freindly that I have ever come across, rising to the occasion when a passport was lost. Very popular with independent travellers and oversubscribed in high season, so book early!	
Sep 28 2009 	beautiful hotel and impeccable service	I will not hesitate to recommend this lovely hotel to you all. It is beautiful and all the staff we met are extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfast is fabulous, with lots of thoughtful choices and that is not the standard thing which a 4 or even 5 stars hotel offers. The only downside is its location. It is located at the far end of a hutong and a few taxi drivers refuse to drive us there and only offer to drop us on the main street. But it is a just a minor thing to me and this hotel really worths it.	
Sep 24 2009 	Home away from home	Double Happiness was a perfect place for me as a single traveller! It would have been hard to find on my own the first time, but I had brought the telephone number with me, so simply dialled the very friendly desk staff on my mobile and they spoke to the taxi driver to give directions. The room and bathroom were spotless on arrival and cleaned beautifully everyday. Staff are fabulous, the array of food for breakfast is staggering and the rooms are very quiet and peaceful. It is close to everything you would want to see in Beijing. The subway is very easy to use and incredibly clean too. Only 4 stops to Tiananmen Square, two stops to the Lama Temple. Do yourself a favour and go there!!!	
Sep 21 2009 	Authentic and Traditional - Loved it!!	We (3 friends) stayed at Double Happiness in September 2009 and absolutely loved it – what a gem. We shared the family room and an extra bed was added so that there was 3 separate beds. The décor in the family room was all traditional which we loved. The bathroom was more than adequate for the 3 of us. The staff were all excellent and their English was fantastic and they were always helpful. There is a bar, internet and a fabulous buffet breakfast which we were not expecting so it was a lovely surprise. The hotel is located about half way down a quite long Hutong, just keep walking – it is located right near the police station. There are some great restaurants nearby and taxis are easy to get on the main street. All in all we loved our time at Double Happiness and we are still talking about it and will carry the fond memories for a long time to come. Would I recommend it for a memorable stay – absolutely!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Almost perfect	GOOD: One of the best of the traditional hotels. We stayed in the family room which was quite big looks just like the &quot;Honeymoon&quot; version if you check photos. Balcony is a little bare and wires needed some tidying but surprisingly big. Shower only, but nice. Very large and lots of variety on their breakfast. Courtyard garden is nice. Staff is exceedingly nice and didn't seem out to separate you from your cash. BAD: TV has only German news and Chinese channels. Main bed is fine but guest bed's &quot;mattress&quot; is unbearably thin and uncomfortable. You can feel wooden frame underneath. Night dinner was pretty mediocre. AC seems a little underpowered for the large room we had so main bed area was cool but guest bed was a little warm.	
Aug 19 2009 	Authentic Chinese Experience with Western Amenities	We stayed at the Double Happiness Courtyard Hotel for three days after staying in a mediocre western hotel for several days. We had trouble getting the cab driver to take us there. The hotel is located in a narrow, down-in-the heels hutong (alley). It looks better at night than during the day. We never felt unsafe and there actually is a police station located in the alley. It is about a 10 minute walk to the subway and it was fun walking by the perpetual card and checkers games. The hotel is an authentic, converted Beijing courtyard residence. You feel like you have traveled back 100 years. We were greeted by a parrot and myna bird at the entrance. We were booked into the &quot;honeymoon suite&quot;--two small rooms with charming traditional Chinese decorations. The bed is a boxed-in canopy affair with a 3/4&quot; matress on a piece of solid wood. We managed to adapt, and it was the only incomfortable feature of the room. (We spent a week in Yunnan province after Beijing. Every bed in 6 different hotels was ridiculously hard.)The bathroom was recently renovated with modern western fixtures. The shower was excellent. The air conditioner worked fine. There was free internet (look in the ceramic turtle for the cable), and there were some western channels on -the flat-screen TV. Breakfast was excellent with plenty of western options. All the desk clerks were helpful, friendly young women with some of the best English we encountered in China.Forget about the bed. Stay at this place. You'll be telling your friends about it long after you've forgotten all those boring Marriotts and Double Trees.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lived up to the rave reviews	This is a delightful hotel. We had spent most of our holiday staying in &quot;business&quot; style hotels, big tower-blocks organised by our tour company. This hotel made our last night in Beijing a special one. My only gripe, and it is a small one, is that the room was rather small, fine for one night but too small for anything more than 2 nights.But I could not fault anything else. The reception staff were helpful and friendly (a special mention to goes to Abby). The breakfast was lovely, a great range of options, all beautifully presented. The room was very clean (a frequent failing in other hotels in China) and the decor was charming (see photos). There was also free internet access in the rooms (for those with laptops) and two PCs in the lobby, with a facility to print ... great for on-line checking and printing boarding passes.The hotel is located in a hutong (chinese traditional courtyard neighbourhood) which makes it a little tricky to find. It is a lively street with a couple of restaurants and small grocery shops for essentials like snacks and water. For those that might be put off by the area, it is very close to the local police station so we never felt like security was an issue and the street is well lit at night.The restaurant is more geared to breakfast and Abby recommended a local restaurant. There are chairs and tables in the various courtyards plus a lounge/bar with sofas and tables. A great place for Mah Jong and a beer, or simply to relax with a book.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel with real antique Chinese furniture	This hotel is a gem in the middle of a Beijing hutong! The rooms are all arranged around an inner courtyard, each designed with unique features. Beds are maybe not as comfortable compared to what you´d find in a Sheraton, but the looks of the room are too beautiful. There is a roof terrace from which you can overlook the hutong. The reception can arrange day trips, drivers etc and there are computers with internet free to use in the lobby. Breakfast is Chinese (dumplings, noodles, cakes).Highly recommended for those who like to experience hutong life.	
Jul 16 2009 	Highly Recommended	The hotel is all that the reviews say, clean, comfortable, safe, convenient, charming in decor and location in traditional alley neighborhood. A couple additional comments/thoughts:1. Staff terrific, particularly Sharon. Hotel manager also friendly, excellent English.2. The Chinese goverment is very paranoid about swine flu. A public health nurse visits every hotel to check on guests. I had a bad cold and was kindly persuaded to allow staff to check my temperature. No fever so I got a free beer. But if you have a fever, no hope, you are going to be carted off to hospital quarentine for 5 days.3. Free wifi but there is convenient internet service in lobby so think twice before carting a laptop around.4. Excellent breakfast buffet.5. The hotel gave the best exchange rate. Much better than airport or elswhere. Recommend changing only enough money to get to the hotel from the airport (80-120 yuan).6. Carrying the hotel card for taxi drivers is helpful but does not ensure you will get a ride. The problem is the traffic congestion and low fixed meter. If it's going to take an hour to get across town many will waive you on. It was not unusual to try between 5-10 taxis before being accepted.6. Subways are convenient, safe, and cheap (2 yuan). Learn to use them. A combination of taxis's and subway worked great.7. The hotel is not really within walking distance of anywhere. Save your legs for the tourist attractions.8. Ghost Street - many restaurants, atmospheric, delicious food.9. Tipping discouaged except perhaps in Western style hotels. I tipped a particularly helpful waitress and she about fell over when I tipped her.10. Watch out with money exchange by the various street vendors. At the Summer Palace I was given change in Taiwan bills, virtually worthless, but look very similar to yuan notes. Make sure Mao's face is on each bill.11. Hou Hai Bar Street alot of fun, mostly a lovely promenade around the lake with many clubs, restaurants. Seldom any public intoxication.12. Beds @ Double Happiness are hard but they will give you an extra mattress I think. If you need a Western style hotel, with soft beds, Park Plaza Waifujing very good, comfortable.13. Peking acrobats were disappointing and expensive, save your money.	
Jun 16 2009 	If you only stay in one hotel in China...	Make it the Double Happiness! I stayed here twice in Mid-may 2009 and was by far the most excellent hotel in all of China. I have come to this conclusion for several reasons: (1) Location: the hotel is located in one of Beijing's Hutongs (alley neighborhoods). This gives you a chance to experience Chinese cultural up close. The street (or alley) is filled with great restaurants, street food, little markets and people going about their everyday lives. The hotel is also very close to the metro station and walking distance to the Forbidden City. One warning: Your taxi driver might have trouble finding it so be sure to bring the phone # so they can get directions if necessary. (2) Staff: The staff were amazing! They spoke english well and did everything they could to make our stay memorable inlcuding booking tours to the Great wall, arranging train tickets, providing directions and teaching me Chinese. (3) Rooms: The rooms are spotless and decorated with traditional Chinese furniture (very classy). The rooms are arranged around several outdoor courtyards which are great for relaxing after a long day of site seeing. Additionally, the hotel provides an excellent breakfast which has something for everyone. If you are looking for a hotel in Beijing, this should absolutely be your choice.	
Apr 28 2009 	Traditional China experience...unlike others	I really enjoyed this hotel. It had the typical Chinese feel to it. Definitely something you wont experience at the Holiday Inn, Crown Hotel, etc..Those hotels have the modern look, where this hotel was a Chinese courtyard...beautiful and made you really feel like you was in China. Hotel was very clean, quiet, small and staff was polite and patient. They answered all of our tourist questions and gave us directions on how to get to places. We even got 1 free tour to great wall with a four night stay there (dont know if this was a one time promotion though). I recommend learning the subway system early in your trip, taxis are hard to catch late at night, especially if you are not a native. Subway would get you home much quicker. Food is cheap right down the block! and free wireless, cant beat that!Downfalls: Its a walk from the main street if you are tired from shopping and since its an old structure, plumbing system isn't the greatest...Other than that, I loved it!	
Apr 23 2009 	Memorable experience good location	We wanted to experience unique and memorable things when visiting China and this hotel certainly gave us this. From the moment you enter the Dongsi Sitiao alley, you become immersed in the daily life of the people who live here. We stayed for five nights in March in the Happy Family Room on the ground floor (plenty big enough for three people). Things we liked about the hotel were: the decor (no bland hotel decor here!); location (a short walk to the main street Dongsi Beidajie , and only a 20 minute walk to Wangfujing Dajie and the Night Market); the free wireless internet access; the quaint bar area (where you could go and relax at the end of the day, buy a drink, chat to other travellers or just watch cable TV); and proximity to local restaurants and the underground. Felt very safe (there is a Police Station in the alley). To get to Dongsi Beidajie, turn right out of the hotel, and walk 350m. If you want to go to Dongsi underground station, turn left when you reach Dongsi Beidajie and walk 250m – entrance is beside the Wu Supermarket (good to visit if you want to pick up some supplies). We used the underground a few times – it is really cheap (Yuan2 for a single trip), frequent and really easy to use (automated ticket machines have English option), and the directional signage is in Chinese and Pinjin. Hotel breakfast is from 7.30am-9.30am and was okay – if we wanted to provide a possible area for some improvement this would be it. We also used the laundry service which was quite reasonably priced with next day service. We found a really great restaurant close by which we loved. When you get to Dongsi Beidajie, turn right for 10m, cross the road at the crossing (good luck!), turn right and walk 50-75m. Don’t know the name of the restaurant, but you can’t miss it – it has three big windows with patrons cooking their own food. We thought it was good fun and good value. Depending on traffic, the hotel is about a 45-50 minute taxi ride to Beijing West Railway Station, where we caught the overnight train to Xián.	
Apr 2 2009 	Unique and lovely	We spent 2 nights in the Double Happiness Hotel and would happily have stayed longer. The rooms were really unique (not at all like staying in a standard chain hotel), with the decor being very traditional style and the rooms all coming off central courtyards. The place really seems to have history - we had an information sheet in our room telling us about previous occupants, which included an editor of one of the first Chinese encyclopedias! Location is very handy - the subway is a 5 minute walk away (Dongsi), meaning you can get pretty much anywhere in central Beijing in about 30 minutes. The restaurant over the road also served us one of the best meals I've ever eaten :) The staff were very friendly and spoke very good English. Rates were extremely reasonable and we were amazed at being offered a minibar service that didn't charge the Earth. We sampled the hotel's &quot;Happy Bar&quot; which was also really nice - comfy sofas and a pleasant environment. We were worried that the room may get cold at night as it had large windows on the side facing the courtyard but this wasn't a problem at all - the heating seems to be very effective as it was bloomin freezing outside! All in all, lovely - I've asked my other half if we can stay there again if we ever go back to Beijing!	
Mar 14 2009	Great experience	I stayed there with my parents for 3 nights last November (Thanksgiving break). The two of them had a deluxe room, which was actually big enough for all 3 of us. Very nice decor, we were all impressed. I was given a choice between two difference rooms- a themed room next to theirs (for one person, very small) and another room on the ground floor (2 beds but with little decorations). I chose the downstairs room just because my other friends happened to be there as well and their room was downstairs. One of my friend complained about the bed being too soft but I was ok with mine.Staff was friendly and helpful. my friends complained about their first room being too small and they were moved to a huge room the following morning. Although some rennovations were going on during our stay, we were minimally affected. Breakfast was ok, just don't expect a luxurious buffet. The only thing my parents and I didn't like was the shower - unsteady pressure and temperature... my hot water ran out every 2 mintues, and then came back as boiling hot 2 minutes later. A few minutes walk away from the nearest subway station, and there's a police station 20-steps away from the hotel. Very safe place, and it's so quiet at night.Will definitely recommend to others (and I already have!).	
Feb 7 2009 	Loved being in the Hutong area	This was a very different hotel experience. The room was decorated with interesting chinese furniture and silks. There were 2 beds - one with an enclosing canopy of silk, and the other that was converted into a seat during the day.We had a superior room - just above reception as it turns out. It has a balcony that overlooked the hutong. The polished wooden floor was pleasant, but during winter it felt a little cold. There was central heating, but in order to get the room warm we relied heavily on the air conditioning unit. One quirkiness was the bathroom door. The bathroom itself comprised of a modern shower and wash basin. But a short bamboo shutter took the place of a door - so you need to be very comfortable that your room partner may be within earshot!We had our two children with us - 9 and 5. They loved the room, with its ability to be split in half with a curtain. The TV had satellite, so we watched the odd English film in the evening.We loved the Hutong, and the fact we were right in the middle of a neighbourhood. It meant that we were just outside of the very centre of Beijing. We caught taxis everywhere. For most trips, eg Forbidden City, it was a 10 minute ride costing about 10 yuan. Most taxi drivers found the hutong without difficulty - especially when we showed them the address on the hotel business card. However, not all taxis were happy to drive down the hutong due to it being very narrow.Breakfast was fun. The buffet of various chinese pastries, noodles, dim sum and more was delightful. In the evening, the restaurant wasn't open - so we explored some of the local restaurants in the Hutong.The staff were always helpful - often writing down the addresses of our destinations for the taxi drivers.We were in Beijing for 4 days and had a great time. I would very much recommend this to friends who want a more unique Beijing experience.	
Dec 24 2008 	You have to force yourself to think you like this place	We reserved the queen-size bed room for 4 nights, but ended up with staying only 1 night. The room was on the second floor , and the door and the windows were exposed to outside. The room was really made for summer, and too cold in December in Beijing even though we set the room temperature higheest. The hotel staff were talking and walking outside wood deck corridor, and kept us awake.As for the booking service, Expedia refused the refund for the last one out of the four nights reservation even though the request was made 24 hours before the checkin.	
Dec 8 2008 	most memorable	stayed at Yueweizhuang for 9 nights with my wife and 2 kids in end Nov08.rooms are very clean and well kept, staff polite and helpful.the cleaner even brought an extra plate of fruits to the room when she saw my kids enjoying the fruits.my kids love this place, me too!	
Nov 20 2008 	Loved it! Great traditional courtyard hotel!	My friend and I stayed at the Double Happiness Courtyard Hotel for 3 nights from 29 Sep - 2 Oct 08 on our 2 week trip across China and this was our first city and hotel and we loved it!We didn't want to stay in a normal Western hotel where you can experience that anywhere and this courtyard hotel has a real charm to it and though 500 years old, has really modern facilities like the bathroom and exceptionally clean. The wooden deco and silk blankets are great and keeps the traditional feel of the place.We booked a standard twin room and was pleasantly surprised when we arrived in the morning that the standard rooms were fully booked and we were upgraded to the honeymoon suite! We had a laugh since we were only 2 gals but it was great to have a bigger room! We stayed there for 2 nights and the last night we were moved to a double room as there was a booking in the suite. The honeymoon suite is big with really red deco (red is a traditional chinese colour for marriage) but it was wonderful. It had the traditional bed with curtains but my friend was a bit claustophobic so she slept on the spare single bed instead in the room. Even the double bed room was spacious. Modern bathrooms in both rooms and the phone is a classic. The free WIFI worked effortlessly in the rooms too. There was robes and slippers provided as well.Big courtyards and quiet too so you can get a good night's sleep. Breakfast buffet in the small resturant at the front is amazing, about 15-20 choices for such a small place ranging from western: breads, crossiants, cakes, muffins, cereal etc to chinese food like porridge, dumplings, noodles, rice. A variety of drinks too, tea, coffee, milk, soy bean, juice. And the service at reception and the resturant was excellent. I wrote a fax and then emails to Jeannie at reception weeks before our arrival to help us get train tickets to Xian on the overnight sleeper beds as they get booked out quickly and it was handled with no fuss and no deposit required too, they paid for us first, you just have to give your credit card details as a guarantee. We collected our tickets and paid at reception when we arrived (though eventually we missed our train due to bad traffic but got a refund!). They also have a safe storage room when you check out to store your luggage too. Staff spoke good English as well and always ready to help, so if you need any bookings or tours, they will be glad to help you organise it too.The hutong is very safe too, there is a police station about 100metres from the hotel as well as a smaller police post near the start of the hutong. Lots of little shops where you can buy snacks and fruits and the main street has shops too. Convenient to take taxis off the main st as well.Overall, we loved the place, the service and the environment. The pictures on websites are accurate as well. Will definitely stay here again if I come back and recommend it to friends &amp; family.	
Sep 22 2008 	amazing hotel for the olympics!	wow what an experience Beijing was during the Olympics and this hotel made it even better.It is a charming traditional chinese courtyard hotel with lovely carved wooden furniture and silk bedspreads. Our room was great with a double bed, i was worried about the hard mattress but slept very well there. It is very peaceful away from the noise of the city. The rooms have a/c so very comfortable in the humid heat.The staff were very friendly and helpful with any request, and available 24 hours on the desk. There is free internet in the lobby and wireless in the rooms.The hutong it is located on is a bit daunting at first as it is basically a dark one way alley but we found it to be completely safe even late at night and we had no problems getting taxis back there as long as you have the address in chinese - the hotel has cards with this on. You are also quite close to Dongsi station on the subway which is great for getting around and very easy to use. I would stay here again.	
Sep 17 2008	Loved It	I stayed at the Beijing Double Happiness hotel for 2 nights in September 2008, prior to a trip to North Korea and a further night there on my return from that trip. And I loved it. A warning - if your preference is for flashy multinational hotels near the main sights, full of European and American guests, the Double Happiness may not be for you. The hotel's location in one of the hutongs (alleyways) puts you right in the middle of local colour. Walk out into the street and there are lots of little shops and restaurants, with people cycling past carrying all manner of articles on their bikes. Although the main sights of central Beijing are a bit of walk away, there's a metro station (Dongsi) within a 10 min walk. The Beijing metro system a piece of cake to use and is only 2 Yuan for a single journey of any distance. Or hire a bike and see the sights. Reception will point out a cycle shop at the end of the street. Hire is only 20 Yuan per day.The hotel is quirky and intimate, with its outside courtyards and tinkling fountains. The rooms are Chinese in style - maybe a bit kitch, but fun. I had single rooms (a different room both visits) which had a raised Chinese bed with Chinese tea making facilities, a mini bar/fridge, air con and complimentary toileteries. The rooms perhaps weren't the most spacious and given the design of the courtyard setting, were a bit dark, but they were very clean and comfortable. The rooms had TV, but only showed Chinese stations.I found the hotel's service to be faultless. I arrived at 11 am after a long flight to the UK and was immediately checked in by the friendly and helpful reception staff, all of whom spoke excellent English. Similarly on my second visit, I arrived at 9:45 am. The hotel having been full the previous night, there wasn't a room ready at that time. Rather than asking me to come back later, the receptionist asked me wait 5 mins whilst they sent a maid to clean a room there and then! The reception staff were also extremely helpful in arranging a trip for me to the Great Wall. I was doing a more remote part of the wall, so would be picked up at 6:30 the following morning. Even though breakfast didn't start until 7:30, the lady who runs the dining room gave me a packed lunch to take with me. I was even brought a coffee as I waited on the step outside to be picked up. There is free internet access via a couple of PCs beside reception and some more in the bar. Wifi access is available too, although I didn't use it.Suffice it to say, I was very impressed by the Beijing Double Happiness hotel and found it excellent value. As part of my trip I also had to spend a night in the Novotel Xingqiao in Beijing. Although a marble lined, 4 star, centrally located, mutinational hotel, it didn't have any of the charm of the Double Happiness and their staff couldn't have cared less.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great for Olympics	We really enjoyed this hotel. Free internet and free breakfast were great. The room was quiet, very clean and spacious. We had a flat screen TV and a floor to ceiling marble bathroom. The hotel is located in a Hutong in central Beijing - walking distance to the metro and probable a 10 minute taxi ride to the Forbidden City. We were in Beijing for the Olympics and met some parents of the competing athletes who were also staying here.	
Jul 21 2008 	Authentic terrific hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights while sightseeing in Beijing. The photos of this hotel that we saw on the web were very accurate. We had the 'family room' which was a good size room with two double size beds. It was not located on the main courtyard, but in a separate (quiet) area with only one other room. We had a huge balcony. The mattresses were very hard which was consistent with all the hotels we stayed in - both in China and Japan. Breakfast buffet is OK. They have the large dispensers of bottled water that you can use freely. We felt safe in the neighborhood - there is a police station a few doors away.Pros: Charming, very traditional hotel where you live 'among the locals' so you get a real flavor for the people. The staff spoke English well and were very helpful and accommodating. They have computers in the small lobby that you can use for free to check e-mail. Although the rooms are traditional, the bathroom was modern and updated.Cons: Biggest issue we faced was getting taxi drivers to take us there. No issue from the airport, although the driver tried to drop us off at the end of the street, but was OK circling around the block (it is a one-way street). However, when we were out shopping or visiting local sights, the taxi drivers seems reluctant to take us there - I'm not sure why. They would try to bargain and get us to pay a set fee of 50-80RMB vs. the actual meter cost of 10-15RMB. A couple of times we went to the Hyatt, and their doorman helped us.So, if you are looking to experience local flavor, this is a great choice - you will not be disappointed.	
Jul 5 2008 	Charming traditional hotel	If you're looking to experience real Beijing life then you won't be disappointed by Double Happiness. It's built on a traditional Hutong, and nestles in amongst, tiny cafes, bakeries, video and bicycle repair shops, hairdressers, supermarkets, and all manner of weird and wonderful little places.Head to your right out of the main door and you'll find some delicious street food to sample from the baker at the end of the street.The staff we're very smart, helpful and had excellent English - compared to the staff in the bigger hotels I stayed in.	
Jun 3 2008	Only one way in	We stayed in the Double Happiness Hotel for six nights in May, having been booked there by a Chinese Travel Agent whom we know and trust implicitly.We lived in Beijing for around a year some six years ago so the idea of a hutong hotel was familiar and something we looked forward to. We had lived in a hutong area - but not a hutong those years earlier. For those who have known Beijing, the speed of change, of demolition and reconstruction, is almost unbelievable. Once there were only two metro lines, now there seem to be six, but maybe I miscounted; once much of Beijing was small hutong 'alleys'; now this area of Dongsi is one the two remaining. Our own area of Gulou is now 'gentrified', with widened streets, bars, restaurants and souvenir shops for the tourist.The hotel is attractive, different and not where you should stay if you demand five-star comforts. That said, the rooms were of a reasonable size, the bathrooms and showers clean and efficient, and the air-conditioning worked. I suspect that the interior decoration and furnishings are for 'foreigners' but the boxed and enclosed beds, the brilliant laqueur paint and the hangings are not what you would get in your corporate entertainment centres. The courtyards themselves are small but quiet, away from the noise of the hutongs. Take care if you are on the upper floor as the stairs can be slippery in wet-weather. That said, there is something hugely reassuring about the red lanterns at the door, the moving water feature for good luck, and the raucous and unpredictable bird in his - her cage.The breakfast, in a small room by the front door, was more than adequate although you will probably look elsewhere for lunch and dinner. The Internet seemed to work quickly enough and at no extra cost; the young reception staff worked hard and were universally helpful as they coped with every possible variant of the English language.There are two things that you need to be aware of. Hutongs seem to be in continuous change and this was no exception. Destruction and construction continued seven days a week and for long hours; there were piles of detritus for much of the length of the hutong. Secondly, the hutong, by defintion, is narrow, difficult for vehicles and for most of the day, one-way only. Just check that your taxi driver knows the way in and don't be too sure that they will pick you up at the front door. That said, a new metro stop is only a few minutes away as are two main roads.	
May 27 2008 	A big thumbs up!	We were a little nervous walking through the hutong that houses this hotel, but once we saw the place we fell in love. The rooms are charming, the breakfast quite substantial, and the employees are amazing. They went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. They even printed out some information on the Great Wall before our trip there. Please do not expect a Grand Hyatt, this hotel has character and plenty of interesting guests to sit and chat with. We ended up having a drink with a couple of Olympic atheletes at the bar one night!The four star we stayed in while in Shanghai could not come close to the wonderful time we had here.	
May 2 2008 	loved this hotel	We loved this little hotel! I have stayed in Beijing several times and have stayed at other hotels that were more expensive, but none nicer or friendlier. It is set in the hutongs (alleyways) and upon arriving my boyfriend was not keen - but a stay of a few days changed his mind completely. The location is great, close to the subway, great shops and restaurants (2 really good Chinese and a Korean hot pot/barbecue within 3 minutes). Wafujing (the big shopping street) is an easy walk. The decor is traditional - think futons - but the bathroom - especially the shower - was very nice and the rooms are good sized and very clean. Free internet and a nice breakfast - a combination of Chinese and Western (try the steamed dumplings and spicy sausages). Being in the middle of bustling Beijing and sitting in a 250 year old courtyard full of flowers and singing birds was amazing.We will go back.	
Apr 23 2008 	Our room not like the pictures	Could not find website run by hotel, so booked through Sinohotel website. No credit card was needed to hold the room. Paid 420RMB. Used U.S. credit card for payment, requested at check-in. Rate includes a small all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. There are two free Internet computers in the lobby, but speed is very slow. This is a quaint little courtyard hotel located in one of the few remaining hutong neighborhoods in Beijing. A hutong is a narrow lane populated with local houses, so you are among the local people and their bicycles and pedal carts. Although a quaint historic location, it is a 20 minute walk to the nearest (Dongsi) subway station. The pictures on the Sinohotel website show the colorful courtyards of the hotel, and rooms with traditional Chinese furniture. Unfortunately, we were stuck in a far corner of the hotel, far from the beautiful courtyards, and our room had only one historic bureau rather than filled with traditional furniture as in the pictures. Further, the employee showing us to our room did not know how to operate the heating unit, when we did figure it out we determined the heat was not working. After they fixed the heat, we had problems with the hot water. When we did get hot water, we found the shower faucet impossible to set for anything other than freezing or scaulding. They told us if we needed anything to dial 9, but we found no phone. We also found no in-room safe, as advertised. Although our room was clean, we gave this place a low grade because of the problems we had and because we were isolated in a corner of the hotel. We requested to move to a courtyard room, but were told they were full due to Easter! If you get a courtyard room, and don't suffer the problems we had, you may be satisfied. I read reviews on other sites saying the beds are very hard, but we did not feel that was the case. Note there is no elevator, but there are many rooms on the first floor. If you book through Sinohotel website, they also offer very reasonable tours like $20 all-day tour to The Great Wall and Ming Tombs. After staying here, we moved to the very closeby N. E. Courtyard Hotel, which was much nicer. See that review.	
Jan 1 2008 	Beautiful traditional hotel	We really enjoyed staying at this hotel - the staff were really friendly and went out their way to make you feel at home, the rooms are decorated with traditional Chinese furniture and there's a lovely courtyard in the centre which is decorated with lanterns. There's also free internet access and the breakfast was included in the price, so it was good value for money. Don't stay here if you're looking for a luxury business hotel but do stay here if you want to experience something autentically Chinese. The hotel is located in a residential area with local restaurants and shops near by. Our only setback was that the rooms were a little cold, but the experience overall was great. This was by the far the best hotel we stayed at in Beijing.	
Sep 27 2007 	Traditional Chinese Hotel	This hotel can provide basic service and the room rate is quite low. The room is clean and big enough but our toilet did not function well. I love its declaration which is traditional Chinese style. The reception and staffs in here are very nice, helpful and friendly. There is no existing subway near by but in next year before Olympic, there is a new subway station which should go on foot around 10 minutes from the Hotel. It locates in a lane and in between two police offices. Therefore, it is safe enough for tourists.	
Apr 9 2009 	Escelente luna de miel en un tipico hotel chino.		
