Nov 6 2009 	Beyond Expectations	Upon our arrival we were please to find that Holiday Inn had met our request for an early check in of 7am! The rooms were way beyond our expectations - after a long day of sightseeing we could look forward to returning to the comfort of our room. The free wi-fi in the rooms and the computer terminals provided at common areas were a real bonus. Receptionist were helpful. Only possible downside is the location - not walking distance to a subway. However it is very conveninent and relatively cheap to catch a bus or cab. For the price paid and the quality of the rooms and service provided, I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again if I were to return to Beijing!	
Oct 15 2009 	much nicer than expected	This was a lovely hotel. The rooms were large, comfortable, clean and well equipped. The bed was by far the most comfortable I experienced during our month in China. The hotel has great facilities that include computers with free internet access and a laundry room. Its a good 20 minute walk to the nearest metro but its not an unpleasant walk. There are a few restaurants and a big supermarket close by. My only criticism of this hotel is that the breakfast sometimes fell short of the other high standards. If you are an early bird then the food is hot and plentiful but for the last hour of service the staff have a tendancy to let the food go cold and stop replacing things.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good hotel	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The only things that I did not like is if you went to breakfast around 7:30am instead of 6:30am it made it vary difficult to find a seat to eat and the food goes quick so you would have to wait till they bring out new trays of food. I also found that the hotel was pretty far from most places and I found it pretty difficult to get taxis some nights. The nearest subway station was about 25-30 minutes away.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great value for money helpful staff	Stayed 3 nights in August 2009 (bad month to visit Beijing, its too hot!!). The hotel is either new or has undergone extensive renovations recently, so the rooms are in a really good condition. The free WiFi is fast and easy - both, my laptop and my phone connected without a hitch. They also have free internet terminals (I think there are 8 of them) for guests to use.The breakfast spread is OK, though not great. The one big problem is a strange smell in the rooms - apparently they have some sort of sanitation issue. However, since we hardly spent time in the room, thats was bearable. Also, the hotel is far from the touristy bits of town (Forbidden City, the lake area etc.), but taxis in Beijing are cheap. However, as we found out, getting a cab suring rush hour can be quite an experience (we waited 45 minutes and walked a few miles before we got one willing to take us back to the hotel one evening).The best part about the hotel is the staff, especially Mike the Operations Manager - flexible and anticipating guest requests and fulfilling them quickly. Even housekeeping did quite a good job. There was another friendly woman at the front desk, but I forget her name.On the whole, really good value for money, considering it is an Express by Holiday Inn.	
Aug 24 2009	Great Value for money	I've checked into the Holiday Inn Express - Temple of Heaven after staying in the Westin Beijing, Financial Street for 2 nights - and i didn't feel like i've been banished to some dodgy hotel (that's a good sign). Don't expect a bellboy to bring your luggage - do it yourself. That's why the hotel is able to give u the damn fantastic rates for the room nights WITH breakfast included. the Great Room is the in-house restaurant. I'v ordered a Sweet &amp; Sour pork rice &amp; a Kungpow Chicken Rice @ RMB$38 each. Pricey by Chinese standards, but it's a quick fix and is tasty. Comes with fruits and a bowl of soup. Yummy. Breakfast is not too bad. (I am not a fussy person). THe locality is in a suburb area - so its relatively safe. I don't feel like i have to watch my back when i am walking back. Also, there are rows of small eateries about a 7mins walk if you want to try the local food, along the walk to the Temple of Heaven. I've tried this restaurant, &quot;Hangzhou Eatery&quot; (With a red signboard) and it's run by a couple from Zhejiang province. Their speciality is their dumpling (served till around 8pm) and buns (only in the morning). Do try it. It's really yummy - and i've tried Crystal Jade, Din Tai Feng's before, and not that i haven't had the best..so this is good &amp; cheap. All in all, the Holiday Inn Express Temple of Heaven may be not that convenient or near a train station, but it's comfortable and it feels like going home..	
Aug 19 2009 	budget hotel good value for money	It was a bit difficult to locate the hotel since some taxi drivers are unfamiliar with it. But make sure that you have the hotel write the address in Mandarin and mark the location in the map, this will be very helpful. Via taxi, it is 20 mins away from Wangfujang shopping street (because of the traffic) and 20-30 mins away from the Forbidden City. and 5-10 mins from the Temple of Heaven. The rooms are not that big but not cramped. It has all basic toiletries including slippers. No minibar/fridge though. The bed and pillows gave me a good night sleep. However, some construction seemed to be ongoing during the day so it would be a bit difficult to sleep in during the day. Staff are nice but there were only 2 people manning the reception desk, and no one to carry the bags. Breakfast was not so good but I guess this was expected for the price.Also, I was lucky enough to discover a local market nearby where you can buy fruits, vegetables at non-tourist prices (i.e. 1kg peaches for 1.5 yuan).	
Aug 17 2009 	Great value pleasant stay am going again	My first tip is have the address written in Chinese and explain where it is located. It is new and most taxi drivers are not familiar with the location although it is near the Temple of Heaven.Breakfast is buffet and has a big variety. Go early if there are groups staying there. Can change money at the desk. Make sure money is in excellent shape or it will be refused.The room is comfortable and internet access is free. Computers are in a couple of areas but I always carry mine for convenience. Explore the neighborhood if you have time, There is a hutong nearby that we enjoyed visiting. You can walk to Hongqaio market and there is a new market next to it that is good to visit. Hongqaio is good for pearls and knockoffs. For pearls of good quality go to Josephine on 4th floor. I have dealt with her for 8 years and she is very honest. Feel safe to have her mail things. There is a noodle place across the street from Hongqaio and it is a lot of fun.People at Holiday Inn express are young but very capable and attend to whatever you need. I liked this place better than the 5 stars I have stayed in there. No refrigerator in the room which was not a big deal for us. Rooms are quite. I am staying there again leaving for China tomorrow.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good Value	We stayed in this hotel from 7 August for about 7 nights. The room was clean and modern. It is really value for money. We booked the room at about RMB200++ per night inclusive of 2 breakfast when they were having the &quot;Asia On Sale&quot; Promotion. Although the hotel is a bit out of the city centre, however, the public transports are very conveniently access to most of the places and attractions. There is a bus stop near the hotel. You may take the bus no. 102 directly to the Zoo at RMB1.00 per trip. Besides that, you may also take bus no. 102 to the &quot;XuanWuMen&quot; station (subway line 2) which can bring you to most of the places that can access by the subway....If you are coming from the Beijing International Airport, you may take a shuttle bus from Airport terminal (which will cost you about RMB16 / pax) to Xidan and from there to take a taxi to the hotel will cost you about RMB20.If you are taking taxi all the time, please inform the driver that the hotel is in Nanwei Road in stead of the hotel name as most of the driver are not familiar with the hotel name. You may also tell them the name of the hotel but must inform them it is at Nanwei Road as the driver may bring you to the Holiday Inn Temple of Heaven instead.Please do a lot of homework if you are intend to explore Beijing yourself by the cheapest way as the reception are not so helpful in giving direction and they will only ask you to take taxi. (Probably, they are not so familiar with the public transport system)Overall, it was a good experience.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location for local sights but problems with the room and service	Could have been a lot better really - the service was just average with difficulty understanding English. We took 2 rooms as they couldn't accomodate all 4 of us in one room and our room was a bit smelly - terrible view of a building site and lots of rubbish and then our air con broke down the last night (but while we were asleep) so we woke up all hot and bothered. Having said all that - the location is great - very close to the Temple of Heaven and the Pearl market (if you take a rickshaw back make sure the price is negotiated up front - we did this and they still wanted 40 euro!?? yeah right!) and if you walk the opposite direction there is a yoshinora and a large park.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good value. Located in good proximity to bus line bank nearby restaurants	Very reasonable pre-paid rate.Arrived late into PEK, took taxi to hotel for 130Y (got Yuan from exchange in airport). Taxi no problem - I had everything in Chinese characters and had a google map just in case -The driver used both. The hotel desk clerk spoke English and was very efficient with check-in. I told her friends were arriving by train at 6am and asked if their rooms could be available when they got in - they were able to check-in early with no issue and she grouped our rooms together on the same floor. I did note there were several tour buses at the hotel. European groups: French and Italian. A very nice group.Breakfast Buffet 630a-10a was PLENTIFUL: juices, coffee, cereals, fruit, congee, salad, noodles (lo mein), rice, vegetables, bread, eggs and meat. Very nice staff. There are neighborhood restaurants, convenience stores and street vendors very close (walk). Room: Clean / Simple, typical US Holiday Inn Express with a slightly smaller room/bath. Beds are a bit hard, but the pillows and linens were nice quality. Hairdryer a nice feature. There is no alarm clock, bring your own or ask for a wake-up call. Plenty of outlets (chinese). 42&quot; flat screen English and Chinese channels should you have the time to watch. Good water pressure. Windows open if desired. Climate control worked well.Wake-up Calls and Taxi: They record these requests manually in a notebook - but they executed each time - quite nice. Had a taxi to the airport back and the driver arrived 30min early - we were ready for him. When we left - the desk clerk didn't spoke very, very little English - which was okay as we needed nothing other than to say we are checking out - he happily said &quot;OK.&quot;Internet: Free Internet, 6 workstations I think and WIFI.Vending machine in lobby.	
Jul 18 2009 	no fridge	great hotel , free buffet for breakfast, limited items for the restaurant, good staff, free computer for tourist, cosy room with satellite tv and cheap for beijing. great value. my only complaint is no mini fridge, strange ...... how could any modern hotel not have a mini fridge , its very hot in july and if u want a cold drink u need to got to the lobby to get a drink from the soda machine. hard to imagine what they were thinking when the built the place. be sure to take a hotel business card with the address for cabs. there is a IGA store down the street with any type of drink or grocery u need. restaurants are everywhere within a block or 2. the value is very good with this hotel	
Jul 15 2009 	Cant be better lol	That was my first time to live in the Holiday Inn Express Hotel. The room i was living in was clean and luxurious. I could also smell the natural scent from the lobby. The service was helpfull, so I really enjoyed the trip in Beijing. Everything was awesome, the people, the service, the environment and the food. I will go there again next time I visit Beijing.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good Value	We booked the hotel directly at the Holiday Inn website. While the location wasn’t the best, we still booked this hotel because of the buy 2 get 1 free promotion going on!Anyway, it’s only a short cab ride to Hepingmen or Qianmen subway stations, Tiananmen Square, etc. It's 700 meters from Temple of Heaven, we went there by cab as well. It's easy to hail a cab from the hotel and they are not expensive. The room was well appointed with a queen size bed and a sofa. Breakfast was free and adequate. There are 5 computers free for use at the 2nd floor by the breakfast area.We consider the hotel a good value for the price, even without the promotion.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good hotel a good 25min drive away from shopping	We stayed two very comfortable nights at this hotel on the south side of Beijing. Hotel was really nice and clean and reception staff was very helpful when checking in and when we needed a taxi.We had a room next to the elevators so we did hear sounds at night after closing the tv which was not so nice but not a bog problem.The biggest problem I had was the breakfast --&gt; it was horrible to us being scandinavian and used to smorgasbord style breakfast !Taxi from the hotel to the Silk Market was very cheap; only 25 yuan ! Free internet was a superb surprise !	
May 29 2009 	Good deal but average hotel	Beijing has such a wide selection of hotels, it's hard to decide where to stay. This hotel offers 1 of the best deals as it's a HolidayInn Express, with free internet &amp; B'fast. Room is great but the reception staff is not efficient nor helpful. When I arrive, the girl standing at the reception didn't know how to check in for us! 5 mins later, another staff came by to help us out. This hotel is not near to any subway station but one can take a cab to WangFujing or the main train station for 20rmb. Temple of Heaven, TianQiao Acrobatics theatre and TianQian cultural theatre (where one can catch international troupes performing SwanLake, dances) are within walking distance. HongQiao Pearl market &amp; the famous RoastDuck Restaurant QuanJuDe Main branch are within 10 min cab ride. For the price, it's a great deal for groups who have their own transport to ferry them everywhere. For individuals, be prepared to pay for cab rides to get around.Alternative for individuals, consider Novotel XinQiao, slightly more expensive but no free b'fast. However the subway station is just right there with lots of other shops n' restaurants nearby.	
May 19 2009 	Holiday Inn Express Temple of Heaven was a good value and a good find.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Temple of Heaven and it was a newly constructed wester style hotel. It was very clean, had high speed internet at no extra charge, a walk in glass shower, and they provided us with a free hot western style breakfast every morning, also had chinese style food. The staff was very helpful and professional and the hotel had a room dedicated as a laundry facility with washers and driers, iron and ironing board, and washroom and a big screen tv. The dailey rates were also very reasonable. We liked the hotel very much and give it a very high recommendation.	
May 14 2009 	Wouls stay here again	My family, wife and 9. y.o. son, stayed here for a week, we'd stay again if we return to Beijing. The rooms were clean &amp; modern, only complaint was with the shower nozzle spraying water everywhere, no big deal. Staff was wonderful, free breakfast buffett was very good, get there either early or late to get a table, the room fills up with guests going on bus tours. Free internet on 7 different hotel computers. This is a quiet residential area, good for sleeping, taxis are easy to hail and only cost about $2US to go downtown to the Forbidden City, etc. Take a card or map from the hotel with Chinese characters for the name of the hotel to show taxi drivers for for your return trip, they don't speak English. Before you get in the taxi to go back, make sure they nod to show you they know where the hotel is, about 50% didn't. In fact, show them the Chinese characters for wherever you want to go.For a great cheap massage, cheaper even than downtown, exit the hotel, make a left and go the end of the street, 1 block. Turn right, go about 100 meters, there is a hair salon on the left. After walking around wonderful sites, parks and hutongs all day, a 1 hour foot massage for $7US is incredible!	
May 7 2009 	Clean New Rooms but so-so service	Stayed 3 nights. Surprised to see new/ modern/ clean rooms. Staff were not friendly except for one receptionist. Since this is Holiday Inn Express, we got free breakfast and free internet! Good value for money. Breakfast selection is good, except that the menu doesn't change much every day. You get the same food everyday except for one or two. Location is a bit far from downtown but taxis help make up for it. Place is exceptionally quiet which is a big plus! Walking to the hotel from Temple of Heaven takes about 10 minutes.	
Apr 23 2009 	Long way from the sights	Adequate hotel but be prepared to walk long distances or use taxis to get anywhere, no subway stations close by but a nice quiet residential street. Reception staff were poor. Rooms were good size and breakfast was very good with a mixture of chinese and western options, so good value altogether.	
Apr 18 2009 	clean comfortable reliable - a pleasant surprise	we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express, Temple of Heaven for 3 nights whilst visiting Beijing. Located in a quiet residential area, taxis were easy to get and Central Beijing was at most 20 minutes away (depending on traffic). The rooms were comfortable, clean, recently refurbished. Reception staff were generally helpful. Breakfast was fresh and more than adequate. I would definitely recommend this hotel - very good value for money.	
Apr 14 2009 	Not fancy but great value for the money	We found the service and staff at this hotel to be very good. The hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very clean and modern. High speed internet and a buffet breakfast were included in the price of the room. The breakfast buffet was good,though not a large selection of food. Laundry facilities are also available at the hotel and were very clean and reasonably priced. Although a little tucked away, the hotel is a cheap cab ride to just about anywhere you'd like to go.	
Mar 22 2009 	Pleasant 	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on Nanwei Road &amp; was pleasantly surprised. The staff here were so friendly &amp; very helpful. Despite the hotel being a little out of the way &amp; I'm use to walking lots in every city I visit, Beijing without a doubt is massive so take a taxi to most places or to the nearest metro. Both are cheap....The hotel is very competitively priced &amp; is a nice walk to the temple of heaven. It's only 35 minutes walk to Tiananmen Square. Rooms were clean, modern etc.....I can only see this hotel getting better &amp; better...I hope to return.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good value for money	This hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and very helpful. The menu selections were limited but there were local restaurants close by. The rooms were very clean and the facilities were adequate if you are like us who don't need a fancy hotel since we are out all day anyway.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great hotel	Before we left for China, I did a lot of research on hotels and attractions. The hotel choices in Beijing is staggering--so many choices! Many hotels seemed to have issues with cleanliness so when I finally made reservations, I decided to go with brand names I was familiar with and the choice for Beijing was this hotel.The hotel staff was very helpful. We arrived early in the morning after taking an overnight train from Xi'an. Our rooms (2) were both ready. We were scheduled to go to the Great Wall early the next morning and before we even checked in, we had arranged for breakfast and a bag lunch for the next day--and the wireless was working on my mobile device as well. We were also invited to get breakfast for that day. When we returned later that day, our train tickets for the next part of our journey were delivered during the day and were waiting for us at the desk.The rooms were both better than expected--very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was great. We had been in Tibet for two weeks and had very poor experiences in one hotel in particular so this was very welcome. The location was fine. It is a fair distance from the subway station but with the location near the Temple of Heaven, it was easy to give directions to the taxi drivers to find the hotel (our son speaks enough Mandarin to get by), and there were plenty of taxis in the area. The breakfast was very good with a mix of western and local choices. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here very much.	
Oct 6 2008 	New Clean Convenient	The holiday inn express is everything it promises. A new hotel, clean rooms, clean sheets, no nonsense service, dependable buffet breakfast ... you get what you pay for - a good choice if you want to avoid more expensive places in BJ.Its location however, is not very convenient if you plan on using public transport. The nearest subway needs a taxi (probably 15-20mins walk).	
Sep 18 2008	At the right price a good value choice	I also stayed at this property during the Olympics (it was also a good deal using Priorityclub points).The previous review is very accurate. But my perspective is slightly different. I'm giving it 4 stars based on VALUE. Assuming you can get a room here for about US$60, it's a good comparative choice. The hotel has what you NEED. About 7 free internet terminals (another luxury hotel in Beijing charged me a quarter a minute!), an excellent free breakfast with many Western options, and a self-serve laundry room (very rare in China, and very convenient). The rooms are modern and nice (although my bathroom had that occasional mild sewer smell). The map location shown on the Holiday Inn website is wrong (or at least was wrong last month). The hotel is about 5 blocks west of the west entrance to the Temple of Heaven. Not much of great interest to tourists in the immediate neighborhood (other than the Temple of Heaven). No easy subway access, but the location in convenient by taxi to the city center, and taxis are very cheap. If you don't mind relying on taxis, you will find the location to be pretty good.	
Sep 7 2008 	Affordable option during the Olympics	At a rate of 939 CNY per night, this was one of the only moderately priced hotels available during the Olympics. The daily breakfast buffet increased the value of the rate. The buffet featured Western dishes (bacon, scrambled eggs and sausage) as well as a few Chinese options (fried rice and bok choy). The hotel also serves lunch and dinner, but has a very limited menu of a few Chinese entrees. The hotel opened just a few days before we arrived, so the staff was still getting the hang of some things. However every request was handled with a smile and earnest effort. The front desk staff was able to give us information on arranging a tour to the Great Wall. The rooms were comfortable with a modern decor. My room got a thorough cleaning daily, but as I was out all day most days I don't know how long it took for housekeeping to come around.One of my travel companions had plumbing problems with his room, but was moved to a room that didn't have any issues. The whole neighborhood seems to having sewage issues, as a horrible odor sometimes came out of the gutters and pipes. The neighborhood seems to be going through some gentrificaiton. While we were there an IGA supermarket opened down the street and a coffee shop was on the opposite corner from the hotel. The neighborhood felt safe but was a little blighted with a vacant lot across from the hotel.The hotel is walking distance to the Temple of Heaven, but not centrally located to many other tourist attractions. Despite claims of being close to the subway, it's about a 30 minute walk to the Hepingmen station. However, it's a very short cab ride to the Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City and the Wangfujing Shopping area. We relied on cabs for the majority of our transportation. The hotel staff helped us immensely by writing our destinations in Chinese to give to the taxi drivers. (We also had to be sure to have the hotel address in Chinese for our return ride. Since it was a new hotel, no one was familiar with it). The Hongqiao Pearl Market is on the east side of the Temple of Heaven, which was about a 25 minute walk from the hotel. The Yuan Long Silk Store is also close to the market. A branch of the popular restaurant for Peking roast duck called Quanjude is next to Hepingmen station. A McDonald's is about a 15 minute walk from the hotel on the way to the subway. There aren't a lot of other options around for Western meals. All and all it was an adequate stay for budget travel. Good for bargain hunters, but not very convenient for tourists. Pros: price, free broadband internet, friendly staff, complimentary bottled water, lcd tvCons: location, thin walls, shower w/o tub, no irons or alarm clocks in rooms, plumbing odor	
Nov 1 2009 	Hotel genial joya escondida		
Sep 13 2009 	Schönes Hotel zu einem guten Preis		
Aug 4 2009 	hotel agréable		
Jan 23 2009	??????????		
Dec 31 2008 	?????		
