	Excellent stay	I stayed at the hotel 3 nights with a twin deluxe. The employees were helpful and always pleasant. The location is very close to the subway and a WU mart (south of the subway station) (like a mini walmart) for shopping. It’s about a 15-20 minute walk to the birds nest. I walked there and took the subway back. Official Cabs are cheap, so it’s a good choice if you have a lot of bags to the airport instead of the subway (only use official cabs to and from the airport) its easy to tell which ones are official and which ones are not. If someone at the airport asks if you need a taxi say no. Then go to the official taxi stand at the airport. It cost me about 50-60 Yuan for 2 people from the hotel to the airport. The subway is easy and excellent to use and the best way to get around (without alot of luggage). The bakery near the Wu mart is also excellent. I was pretty concerned with getting food poisoning and had no issues with the bakery and WUmart for food. The rooms were very clean with a big stand up shower. Every night the staff brought oranges to your hotel room. It was a great stay and I would go again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent	Great location close to subway and within walking distance of the Olympic stadium although it is a longish walk. Very clean, modern with little snacks supplied to each room in the evening. Each room came with a pet goldfish. Stayed there a few times and would definately use it again. Its a real bargain. Restaurant next door is pretty good too.	
Nov 5 2009 	Highly Recomended ! Good Value and good rooms	Traveled to Beijing in Oct 2009. Stayed in Orange hotels for 3 nights. the room is clean but relatively small. But it is not an issue. 1st night i felt that the pillow has some smell, have requested to change it. after that is fine.5 mins walking distance to MRT station. There is one Nine head eagle (???) restaurants beside this hotel, it served delicious food. with hotel card can get 10% discount. I recommend it to those who stay at orange to try it.	
Oct 29 2009 	Wow..Excellent Price and What a Bargain	We intially had stayed at the Orange Hotel in Hangzhou and was impressed with the price, cleanliness and service at this hotel. The hotel in Hangzhou was new so it is very clean.We tried the same Orange hotel in Beijing near the Water Cube. The price cannot be beat. $29 US for regular room or $33 for a larger Deluxe room. This is a bargain considering the other hotels we were at before. The service people are excellent. We wanted noodles and they walked us to the restaurant nearby. They do not speak English very well so you are on your own with any lengthy or customize requests. I used Google translate and show them the chinese display for customize requests. They will get you taxi, write places in Chinese for the taxi for you to go to.The room is large; Larger then the Comfort Inn in the US. Clean, but not ultra clean; Similar to Comfort Inn. The bed is hard by my standard so be aware of hard matress. They do not provide breakfast, but drop off pastries and milk cartons at night for breakfast. There is wired and wireless Internet in each room. There is not a supermarket nearby, but they sell waters, juice, etc at the front desk. We walk half to 3/4 of a mile to Wu-Mart (similar to Walmart) for juice, fresh milk, yogurt, chips, water, cookies, crackers, etc. Wu-mart has a second floor that sells electronics and pretty much anything you need for a house hold. Our kids like Pizza so a Pizza Hut is a 20 minutes walk or 10 RMB with a Taxi. To go to Pearl market on taxi, the cost 40 RMB. To go to Silk market, the price is 40 RMB. There is some traffic during lunch and also between 6-7 pm pending the direction that you are going to with the taxi.	
Sep 24 2008 	Paralympics - Orange Hotel	We stayed in the hotel during Paralympics and it was excellent for that since it is very close to the stadiums (cca 2,5km).It is also very close to the metro and bus station (cca 500 meters), but taxi is very cheap and if you have address in Chinese it is very good option. From the hotel to downtown you will need approximately 30min which will cost around 40 RMB.The hotel is new and very clean, but the receptionists did not speak English so we had problems communicating with them.Hotel does not offer breakfast, but every night we were getting some bakery products, milk, and tea (free of charge).If you want to drink some good coffee you can find it in hotel Tibet (100m).We paid 30 Euro for 2 people in deluxe room and I believe it is excellent value.If I was going to Beijing again I would stay in this hotel since the ratio of price and service are very good.	
