Oct 30 2009 	Beautiful 	This Marriott opened its doors this year and you can see it압 new. I stayed in a spacious 2 bedroom/ 2 bathroom apartment. 1 room is bigger than the other and has a big walk in closet and bathroom in the room. Separate shower and bath tub, airco/ heater can be operated in all the rooms separately: bathrooms, bedrooms and living room. The windows are big, the place is very luminous, there압 a fully equipped kitchen, nice lighting, 3 flatscreen tv압 with home cinema system in the living room, dvd players, a six chair dining table, large comfortable sofa... It is the perfect venue to receive clients!It압 in the Chaoyang district, but more on the outskirts. But as you do everything with taxi or metro in Beijing, it will only take you 10min longer. From the apartments to the Marriott hotel and Ritz next to the shopping center is only 10min in taxi. Forbidden city is 30mins away. Service was also impeccable.Same day laundry (if picked up before 10am) without having to pay an extra fee.Swimming pool, wel equipped new gym, steambath, sauna,... A perfect stay in Beijing and I will definitely stay there again. I can recommend it to everyone. Business, family trip, romantic weekend,... Only downside: internet is not for free. You would expect to have free internet when you are staying in a 5 * hotel. I don앖 understand why hotels still charge you for that....	
Oct 10 2009 	This is the best apartment I have ever stayed in!!	This hotel is brand new, built in 2009, and is absolutely beautiful! I stayed in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment. It has plenty of closet space, bathtub in master bedroom, washer and dryer, fully eqipped kitchen, oven, microwave, toaster oven, rice cooker, 3 flat screen tv's (in 2 BR) and a DVD player. I believe there is free internet service in the room. But if you don't have a laptop-the rental fees for a laptop are very expensive. It also has a gym, swimming pool and hot tub, sauna and steam room. Breakfast is included, and they serve coffee, tea, omelettes, asian foods, fruit, yogurt, pasteries, bread, etc. The Sandalwood museum is across the street (the owner of the museum owns the hotel too). The location is in the Choayang district. It is a little bit further away from the center of the city. It took about 30-40 minutes to get to the Forbidden city by taxi (with traffic of course). It's about a 15-20 taxi drive away from Yashow market. Not far from the Pearl market either. There is a high end mall that the hotel recommends that has an ATM, grocery store, and good restuarants on the top floor. About 10-15 min. taxi.This apartment is extremely comfortable and roomy, you will love it.	
