	VERY BEIJING HOTEL IN CENTER	we passed Shanghai to go to Beijing and spend 4 nights there with all our trip to China finish china.I stayed at the Grand Hotel for 4 nights with my wife The Hotel is in a central location (close to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square.). the room quite expensive but the quality of the room we could not say any thing and the best.Stuff is very friendly and customer oriented (a part from some managers), and most of them speak English. - The Chinese restaurant has excellent food. - The restaurant which serves breakfast is mediocre, but as compensation, staff is very friendly and helpful with professor in the jobWe really loved our trip in China.	
Sep 29 2009	Superb location luxurious	As we stayed only one night, we were unable to take more than a superficial view of the superbly located Grand, the nearest luxury hotel to the Forbidden City and Tian'anmen Square. But we liked what we saw and experienced.Our large room was elegantly furnished and overlooked the Forbidden City, offering a magical dawn view. The buffet breakfast was good but we have had better in China. Apart from a rather confused check in of our 15 person group, service was pleasant and efficient, although not all staff are fluent in English.We were left with the impression that this hotel caters more to Chinese than western visitors.	
Aug 19 2009 	Grand	I haven't stayed in a 5* hotel before. Now i know. We were a familygroup of 9 people, age 6 month to 65 years. We stayed in this hotel for 6 days. We got a great prize on the internet via octopustravel.com. We came and were upgraded immediateley because we were staying for 6 days. That meant we got a view to the forbidden city. The rooms were spaciuos and clean and just great. Soft enough madrass. The staff were great and helpful. My sister has a daughter. She is 6 years old, and she cried because she got hungry at 1:00 am. My sister called for the staff in despair of what to do. The staff got some food for her and everything went alright at 1:00am, for free. Oh my god. Is it possible i thought. Never heard of this before. The hotel has a good location. Close to forbidden city, Tiananmen Square, Wangfujing street. 10 minutes to silkmarket with taxi. What i didn't like. Although my sister got a free meal for her daughter, the prize of drinks were expensive. More than in Norway where i come from. Maybe because it is a 5*hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	great location / average facilities	I stayed at the Grand Hotel for 4 nights with my husband and my 2 kids (5 and 8 years old) The Hotel is in a central location (close to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.)Stuff is very friendly and customer oriented (a part from some managers), and most of them speak English. We took 2 connecting rooms. Connecting rooms apparently are only available with “view” on the Forbidden City. Our rooms were relatively spacey, nice furniture, comfortable beds (not the typical hard Chinese bed) and clean. The view was a bit disappointing.The bath tube was scratched, but a part from this the room was very nice.Breakfast was fine, nothing spectacular for a European (the croissant were not the best I had in china) and the choice was a good balance between Chinese and Western cuisines.However, food was not always good at the Grand Hotel. - The Chinese restaurant has excellent food. - The restaurant which serves breakfast is mediocre, but as compensation, staff is very friendly. - The tea house is a bit disappointing as the choice of teas is limited compared to what one can normally get in other places in Beijing. Furthermore the manager does not seems to be particularly flexible to accommodate customer needs (We wanted to finish drinking our tea in the room as the kids appeared to be very tired, but apparently this was not allowed.) - The bar was a disappointment. They charged us 100 Yuan (approx 11€) for 2 glasses of milk for our kids (and that was considered a favour as they usually do not sell milk) The bar closes at midnight, and with that everything closes down. It seems that the whole hotel closes down at midnight. One does not even get an ashtray to smoke in one of the smoking areas after midnight, nor a drink.Besides, as the kitchens close at 21:30 and at the same time shows in town start between 19 and 19:30. and end between 21:00 and 21:30 dinner at the hotel seems impossibleA longer kitchen time would have made our life easier!We also used their spa and took a ‘Chinese massage.’ The massage was great, really well done. The only strange note is that, while receiving the massage, my husband got offered sexual services.In summaryPositive: location, comfortable and cleaned rooms, friendly staffNegative: mediocre food, evening closing timeAlthough we were fine at the grand hotel if I ever go back to Beijing I would probably look for another hotel. I saw far better hotels in China and also better Leading Hotels of the World, and the price does not completely matches expectation.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Service/Great Location/Great Rooms/Average Facilities	For a Chinese hotel this hotel did have very personalized service. Introduced us to the room, helped us map out attractions and ordered tickets to shows. Very good service. Perfect location, walking distance to Tianenman, Forbidden City and Wangfungching also has a MRT station across the street. We had a Forbidden City View room, which was very nice and comfortable. Flat screen TV with a somewhat traditional chinese decor. The rest of the hotel seems a little dated and the breakfast was weak, but for service it was top notch (especially for Chinese hotels). Also, everyone still smokes in China, so there is smoking in the hotel which is annoying at times.We also stayed at the Grand Millenium in the CBD. Amazing facilities there, but they didn't have the same level of service that the Grand Beijing did.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great location but room smell	This hotel is located in a most conveninent location to all the top tourist spots (Forbidden city, Tianman Square,..etc). This could be a negative if one wants to avoid the tourist crowd. It is an old, elegant hotel with history. Service is good. The only problem we encountered was that the rooms we stayed has bad smell sometimes found in old hotel. We stayed there for 6 nigths in two different rooms (all on 6th floor) and both rooms have the same bad smell. Initially we thought it would go away with AC on for a few hours but it didn't improve and in fact seems to get worse. We informed the cleaning staff and they couldn't get rid of the smell. This is not acceptable for a hotel of this class. Other than this problem, everything else with this hotel was satisfactory. Restaurant is good. It is expensive by Beijing standard but reasonable compared to fine US restaurants.I don't know whether the problem is limited only to a few rooms or widespread. Ask to switch to a room on a different floor right away if you encounter this problem.	
May 24 2009 	Excellent	As I write this, I'm about to leave after 8 nights at the Grand hotel. It far exceeded my expectations in terms of quality with large, clean rooms and an outstanding location. I travel a lot for work and stay in different 5 star hotels almost on a weekly basis, so I'm comparing this with some of the best out there.Don't trust the website photos, it looks much better in real life! The photos on there are old and outdated, my room has a good bed (not a hard china bed), a brand new plasma TV as well as some nice chinese style furniture. I'll try and upload some photos later.If you are the type that enjoys peace and quiet and can't sleep through a bit of noise, request a room out the back of the hotel, the rooms facing chang an avenue can get noisy early in the morning with roadworks and traffic. The gym and pool are okay, but for the fitness freaks out there, it's not the best. Breakfast is okay without being outstanding(i hate hotel breakfasts anyway, so don't take my word for it)As for location, you can't beat it, it's the closest hotel to tiananmen square/forbidden city and only a very short walk to the wangfujing shopping area. For the price, it's very hard to beat and I'd defintiely consider staying here again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Traditional hotel	A traditional hotel at the heart of the city. Tradtional spacious rooms with a luxurious feel. Excellent breakfast for all tastes. The staff very friendly, polite, helpfull and professional.Fantastic location for those who like to visit The Forbidden City and the Tiananmen Square.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location	Great location within Beijing. Could walk to the Forbidden City, Tianamen Square, Wafujing Street and all its shopping, the Night Market, etc. We stayed here at the beginning of our trip and at the end. Concierge was great, front desk was helpful except for one hiccup. On our second stay we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a room, 4113, a handicap room. It happens to sit over the bar and they play really loud classical music, stringed instruments. It sounded like there was a violinist in our room while we were trying to sleep. My husband called the front desk at 10 pm (we were waking up early to catch tours the next day) and asked for the music to be turned down. The front desk girl basically told him she hoped &quot;he could close his eyes and go to sleep.&quot; We were transferred to another room the next night without a problem.	
Oct 31 2008	Centrally Located Very Good Service Luxury Feel	We stayed here as part of our China tour. It is very centrally located just a few blocks from Tienemen Square and the Forbidden City. Our room had a marble bath with separate shower and tub, with generous toiletry ameneties. Hard bed but typical in China, small loveseat and chair for seating, with dpendable Wifi. ( Expect Chinese sensorship when you go to certain sites.) Gorgeous attended indoor pool and health club with adjacent lounge room, all spotless. Large indoor atrium with 3rd floor lounge for reading and relaxing, as small lobby has little to no seating. Large air morning dining room with bountiful Asian and Western breakfast buffet for guests. This hotel is attached to another luxury hotel next door with indoor passage to their lobby and facilities as well. I did not eat in this hotel's restaurants or lounges so I cannot comment on them. You will feel well cared for in this hotel.	
Oct 7 2008 	Best In Bejing	This was our second stop in China and the beds did not get any softer. We had paid extra for a Forbidden City View room. On the days there was no smog we could see the rooftops of the Forbidden City and the flags over Tianaman Square. I do feel it was worth it and we were located on the 8th floor. The noise from the city below was still quite loud but all buildings around the Forbidden City are quite low due to building restrictions. Free toiltries in the rooms and a kettle. Great gym, pool and free tai chi lessons every morning if you wanted to give it a try. Good selection for breakfast and one of the best concierge services I have ever known. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and they did whatever they could to find what you needed. I would definately stay here again.	
Sep 13 2008 	Truly Grand!	This hotel is a deal for its price and yes I know the price is not that low. It has possibly the best location in the city for a tourist oriented hotel. You can literally spit on the Forbidden City it is so close (not that you’d want to do that). It is also located literally next door to Tiananmen and also some of the largest malls and shopping areas in Beijing. The hotel is located right next to the Wangfujing station on Line 1 of the metro which makes it easy to get anywhere including the Olympic area. The insides of the building were very well appointed. The lobby has some beautiful wood carvings. All the common areas have a luxurious well-constructed feel. The rooms are beautifully finished. The bathrooms have a tub and shower which are both very luxurious. There is enough marble that you feel you are in a quarry. Everything is very clean. The toilet is so clean that it has a rose petal for you to pee on if you are so lucky to make it their before anyone else. The rooms also have desks and a sitting area. The rooms feature views looking out over a smog shrouded forbidden city that is quite beautiful. You can also enjoy a superb view from the pricey restaurant upstairs. The pool and fitness center are also quite nice. The breakfast is quite expansive and features an array of Western and Eastern tastes. The staff was also very helpful and professional. The concierge knows where everything in the city is. If you are looking to find this hotel it has a beautiful and colorful traditional style gate in front of it.	
May 15 2008 	good hotel in excellent position	We stayed at the Grand as part of an extended tour of China booked with a tour operator.We liked the position as our room overlooked the Forbidden City (when you see it through the smog). Entrance gate is attractive and staff are very attentive.Rooms were attractive, food was good.We walked through the adjoining hotels to the shopping area which worth the walk just to compare hotels.	
Mar 28 2008	Excellent Hotel	This is an excellent, luxury hotel with impeccable appointments and service. Yes, it is expensive, but I did not feel that it is overpriced. The hotel does not attract the tonier set of the Grand Hyatt, for example, and is not as trendy, which was fine with me. I was very comfortable here. One caveat: the restaurants in the hotel, with the exception of the breakfast Red Wall Cafe are uninspired.	
Jan 30 2008	Great Location	We spent 5 nights at the Grand Hotel on the last leg of our tour. This was the oldest of all the hotels in China that we stayed in but it was quite comfortable. The Atrium is lovely, however, at night there is often musical entertainment and the noise filters through to the rooms. Our room faced onto the main road and I have never seen so many cars, which of course is one of the reasons for the smog in Beijing. However we were far enough back that the traffic noise wasn't an issue. The room was a little shabby and really is ready for a bit of a refurbishment but I hope they don't lose the hotel's character in the process. Breakfast was excellent.For a tourist this hotel is well positioned. Within walking distance to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. There is a lovely park across the road from the hotel and it extends right through to the walls of the Forbidden City. Well worth checking out. Also within easy walking distance to the shopping areas. Very friendly and helpful staff at the lobby desk. Would recommend.	
Jan 1 2008 	Nice but not worth the money	We liked the hotel's proximity to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing. The rooms are fine and the breakfast wonderful but for the price I much prefered the Novotel Peace hotel a couple of blocks away.	
Oct 20 2007 	great location comfy hotel	We stayed in the Grand Hotel on the final leg of our honeymoon. We arrived on 2nd October amid the national holiday. Beijing was buzzing, the streets were packed but inside our hotel was dead. Reception left a lot to be desired. Our room was nice and comfortable. Lovely big comfortable bed and lovely bathroom with seperate shower and bath. We had a view of the roofs of the forbidden city and Tian amen Square from our room which was spectacular. We had room service everyday and it was nice and tasty although breakfast was not great but that is to be expected. The Atrium bar is lacking in any atmosphere even the staff are bored. There didn't appear to be anyone dining in the restaurants so we didn't either. Everyone was outside soaking up the atmosphere. location is superb. Literally minutes walk from Forbidden City, Tian amen Square and Wangfung jing Street. (Sorry spelling!) We got taxis to the two bar / restaurant districts which were an experience. There isn't really much night life in the area of the hotel. Everything is cheap! We did a trip to the Great Wall, Ming Tombs and a Jade factory which was organised through another hotel, why doesn't the Grand Hotel do this?? I could not understand why a leading hotel of the world would have only passable customer service. Maybe this is just China. All in all the location was great and it is a very comfortable and clean hotel. It lacks a bit of ambience and a little bit of extra customer service but we still had a very pleasant stay. The Beijing Hotel and Raffles Hotel next door may have been a better option for that little bit extra.	
Oct 5 2007 	Great Location and good service at the Grand Hotel Beijing	Just returned from a China holiday.We stayed at the Grand Hotel Beijing and found the hotel to be perfectly located to all the areas we wanted to visit in the city.We had a room overlooking the inner atrium which had been renovated and was lovely. Bathroom was good and clean.I spent my 40th birthday here and a cake from the hotel arrived at the door (info taken from my passport on check-in) and made our stay even more special. The staff were very helpful in changing flights etcWe moved from the hotel to do the overnight sleep on the Wall and when we checked back in we were upgraded to a suite!! they must have seen the exhausted look on my face after walking from Jinshanling to Simatai!! The steps were a killer!!!Will definitely go back here.	
Sep 17 2007 	V good location and facilities	The Grand Hotel Beijing is very well located with views of the Forbidden City and 1 block away from a buzzing shopping street. On top of that they have a really nice pool &amp; sauna and spa that noone seems to use but it is really nice to go back to after a day of sightseeing. The staff at the spa were really nice &amp; helpful.  The rooms were well appointed maybe the carpet was a little old fashioned but otherwise everything worked v well. The outside of the building could do with a facelift. The front desk staff english had room for improvement but overall they were polite. Perfect for tourists, if you are business traveler and like to splash out in the most fancy place in town the new Raffles next door which is amazing! and super new.Tips for a fantastic stay in Beijing: Get a a guide as they will explain lots of stuff that otherwise you wouldn't know at all the different sites. Apart from the obvious places to go: Take rickshaw tour of the Hutongs and eat in a local house. Go to Jinshangling (2hours away by car) for the Great Wall - it is much quieter and peaceful than the place nearby. A MUST SEE: Kung Fu show - real warrior monks perform the legend of Yun-li.	
May 28 2007 	Good location stylish hotel	The bedrooms were furnished with lovely old Chinese furniture and some had a view to the roofs of the Forbidden CityThe restaurants were good in the hotel and there was live piano and a string quartet playing delightfully in the atrium over dinner time .Ti Chi (Sp?) could be watched and practised in the atrium about breakfast time.The staff were good.The hotel is 10 minutes walk from the pedestrian shopping street, Wangfujing St and the same distance from Tian 'an man Square and the Forbidden City.	
May 4 2007	One of several excellent hotels in China	Fortunately we were not put off by some of your reviewers. Our travelagent Audley Travel insisted they were wrong. What we found was a beautiful hotel with great restaurants (we tried three). So much space to relax in from secluded tea rooms to an enormous atrium. Discreet music every evening, great drinks and service matching the best. We even had a view of the Forbidden City.	
Apr 6 2007	No air conditioning!	This hotel is in a fantastic location. The room is well appointed, and on par with most other 5 star places. However, when I stayed in early April, they have no air-conditioning turned on! The room gets quite warm (despite it being quite chilly outside), and the best solution they have is to open the windows!!! This is pretty poor for a 5 star hotel, as the main thoroughfare to Tiananmen Square lies just outside (i.e. noisy and polluted). This is simply not good enough.	
Mar 16 2007	Best possible location in Beijing	This is truly a very grand hotel, but unstuffy, and the location can't be beaten - right in the heart of Beijing, a few steps away from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. It was also incredibly good value (actually very cheap, for me coming from London).Service was excellent throughout and everyone is clearly making a huge effort to prepare for the Olympics next year, all staff in the hotel speak some English, including the housekeepers, and everyone is very helpful.The only downside for us that we were visiting at Chinese New Year, which meant there were very few people in the hotel (everyone goes home to be with family) and it sometimes got lonely when only two or three tables in one of the many excellent hotel restaurants were occupied. (Do try the Sichuan restaurant, it was very good.) Also everyone eats very early so they were clearing up by 8pm - if you want to eat a bit later it's better to go outside the hotel to one of the malls like Gourmet Street inside the Oriental Plaza.There is great shopping nearby as well as the sightseeing, and the subway is a very short distance. Ask for a view of the Forbidden City - it's extraordinary to be right in the heart of the city and an experience not to be missed.	
Feb 27 2007 	Beyond perfect experience at this lovely hotel	I booked this hotel via my travel agent, due to its prime location in the vastness that is Beijing, not knowing what to expect once I arrived. What I encountered was one of the most pleasant experiences I have ever experienced at a hotel. To begin with, the luxury of the building is apparent upon arrival. Cascading doors open to an array of concierge employees who are eager to serve in every manner possible. Upon entrance, there is a magnificent spiraling staircase to the left. Immediately in front is a 3-story tall painting that I learned later to be a national treasure and worth over $1.5 million. What is unique about this establishment is the cultural significance imbedded within each aspect of the hotel's design. In the lobby, there is an intricate carving of the Great Wall of China from a whole elephant tusk; the chairs in each room are made to resemble Ming Dynasty stools. Though it does not astonish upon first glance, the stories behind each artifact is singularly impressive. The fixtures are definitely not modern, as the hotel clearly decided to go the route of designing the place with classical charm and understated elegance. Nevertheless, the marble bathrooms and excellent furnishings in the room I received were impressive in their own right. If I had to emphasize one point regarding the Grand Hotel Beijing, it would be its exceptional service. As a 5-star member of the Leading Hotels of the World, I would expect nothing less, but each employee I encountered went above and beyond what I have experienced in the past. James at the Front Desk and Samuel and Allen at the Service Manager station were especially noteworthy. Most were able to communicate fluently in English, but a few were difficult to understand because of their accents. The atrium that starts on the 3rd floor and rises to the top of the building is simply breathtaking. It's adorned with exotic wildlife and live music fills the room around evening time daily. The fountain bar is adjacent, and is fully stocked, though the prices were somewhat steep. On my second day, the charger to my laptop computer stopped working and I mentioned in passing to the Front Desk what could be done about this matter (I had important documents to access on the laptop). An hour later, I answered the door to find a brand new laptop charger waiting for me, free of charge. This was a new level of service I was definitely not accustomed to.Quick Pros:-Going to the Red Wall Cafe for breakfast buffet is a must-Excellent attention to detail by housekeeping-Quiet, well-maintained and beautiful indoor pool-Atrium for relaxing tea and live music-The unbeatable view of the Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square from the balcony and the outside rooftop bar-Airport pickup/dropoff in new Mercedes-Benz S550 sedans-Service, service, service!Quick Cons:-A few employees had only mediocre command of English (though none at the Concierge level, thankfully)-Lighting inside the room could've been brighterOverall: A hidden jewel that shouldn't be overlooked when staying in Beijing!	
Jan 11 2007	Stench	I stayed at the Peninsula. I had originally thought to stay at the Grand but after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor i opted for the Peninsula, which is btw wonderful.One mid-afternoon i decided -- with a companion -- to have high tea at the Grand. As soon as we walked in we were overpowered by a mildew smell that was so strong it stopped us dead in our tracks. We gathered our wits and moved on walking the public areas. The stench was everywhere. Along with that there were noticably worn areas in the carpet and and some furnishings -- and still that odor.We hastilly decided to beat it, but first i needed to use the men's room. Yikes! The smell was worse!I don't know what the rooms were like but I wouldn't have made it pass the front desk!So sad.	
Dec 22 2006 	Grand Hotel --loved it!	The Grand Hotel was booked for us by Helen Wong's Travel from Sydney and we were a little apprehensive as there had been some negative reviews on this site. Where were they staying???We were impressed with the Grand and would certainly recommend it.People have described it as &quot;old&quot; - that is interesting, the rooms were decorated old style with CHinese porcelain and rosewood furniture (a lovely change from the starkly modern chain hotels) but certainly not faded or worn.Location is excellent - next door to Forbidden city, one block from Tiananmen Square and one block in the other direction to the main shopping area of Wangfujing St.Food was excellent - cheap with impeccable service...in factw e were very impressed with the service everywhere in the hotel. Drinks were expensive - but theres a 40% tax on alcohol in China so drinks are expensive everywhere! Mind you, Tsingdao, the local beer is not bad and half the price of imported stuff.Staff were friendly and polite whenever we needed anything.All in all we were very happy in our 5 day stay at the Grand. Sure Raffles may be nicer, but a lot more expensive. We'll be back!	
Nov 22 2006 	Convenient nice but a little worn	Warning -Upselling: We arrived at the hotel before 10:00 AM, and our room was not ready, which is to be expected. I told the receptionist we would just walk around. As we returned, around 11:00, the receptionist waved me over and said, our room was not ready, but if we were interested in a suite upgrade, a room was available, and if we waited, she could not guarantee a single king, which we had requested, and presumably reserved. I negotiated the price down by 1/3, but I don't particularly care for this tactic.Restaurants - very good: There is an auto 15% service charge, which is okay. Food was very good. Service was very good. Breakfast Buffet was above average. Bar drinks very expensive. Bar tab was about $40/person, for light drinks. Those funky white statues with water spouting into a fountain: One word: Shrooms.Location: Very good location and our room looked out over the forbidden city. Walking distance to major shopping area and restaurants. Very safe.Room: The suite ended up to be very nice. The hotel is in need of some upkeep (cracked marble), but very clean. The last morning, there were some repairs on the water system and the water spouted brown. A turn off, but a letter had warned of same.Room service: Okay. Pricey, but what do you expect? Very fast though and nicely presented.Bell Service and Taxi: Warning! Know where you are going and if the taxi driver hesitates, get out and request another. We were dropped off twice in the wrong locations.Service: Service personnel very nice. No haircuts available or nails (for wife). Had to go over to next hotel.	
Oct 26 2006 	Pleasant Unexceptional	This is a perfectly comfortable hotel. Certainly not four or five star but a solid three. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the internet access adequate although they charge separately for it. Probably would have opted for one of the other nearby hotels such as Raffles if I had not gone with the travel agencies agenda.	
Jul 11 2006	Past its Prime	Just returned from two days in Beijing. We stayed at the Grand Hotel. This place gets high marks for location. You are minutes from the Forbidden City and Tian amen. Of course, one could get that from the Hyatt or Raffles almost next door. The hotel facilties are dated and the smell of old was everywhere. I was reminded of the Mandarin in Hong Kong before it closed. Unfortunately the Grand has none of the charming service or attention to detail the Mandarn n Hong Kong had before it closed for renovation. The Grand Hotel was a grand disappointment and for the price, a bit of a rip off.	
Oct 15 2005	An Imperial Residence of the past	The Grand Hotel Beijing overlooks the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. However both sites are so large its impossible to really see them from any one vantage point. The view from our room is shown in the attached picture. We stayed at the Hotel for 4 nights and the service throughout was excellent, including help in arranging our trips around the city. The Hotel decor was impressive but comfortable, prices were a little expensive as you would expect.There is a roof top bar that overlooks the centre of Beijing and the Hotels location means that its only a short (5-10 min) walk onto the square or the entrance to the Forbidden City and less than 5 minutes to a large shopping area.	
Jun 22 2005 	good bit weird	Excellent location. Food good and cheap (equivalent in restaurant to UK Chinese takeaway prices).Hotel OK- as usual in China a lot of people each only doing a small job- one to call the elevator, for example (I can do that- I am an electrical engineer, and buttons don't faze me!)Room good, clean and a bit classy, with nice balcony- however street noisy esp at night. 27 cement mixing lorries turned up one night and mixed and poured all night.Bar area a litttle unwelcoming, with white marble everywhere, a fountain at one end of a huge room and about 10 cafe-type tables. Lounge at other end was OK. Transport from airport to hotel arranged by hotel -private car plus two people to help- a bit over the top, really. You do need the card the hotel has saying in Mandarin &quot;please take me back to the Grand hotel Beijing&quot; whenever you take a cab.	
Mar 30 2005	Very Comfortable	My wife, daughter and I stayed here 2 nights end Feb 2005. The room was *very* spacious, and comfortable. The room also appeared to have been recently refurbished. The breakfast buffet at the &quot;posted price&quot; was expensive at ~Y120 (~US$15/person) very good and extensive, featuring Western, Japanese and Chinese food. The indoor pool was warm and pool area had a sauna, shower and changing facilities.As the room was part of a package we do not know the rate. However as an *indicator*, the organization we were with charged extra nights which included 1 room, breakfast, and a group tour with an English speaking guide at $200 for two people.The hotel is located next to Tiananmen Sq.	
Mar 25 2005 	Great Place to Stay!	The location is fabulous -- adjacent to the gardens east of Forbidden City. And the rooms on the west side of the hotel actually look over the roofs of the Forbidden CIty. The rooms range from large to basketball-court sized and the rates are (I have found) somewhat negotiable. I've visited twice for business and found the breakfast buffet great, the staff immediately responsive, the Business Center quick on the pick-up, and in every respect a place I recommended to my boss -- and to you!	
Nov 23 2009 	Bien situado		
Nov 15 2009 	nouvel an à Beijing		
Oct 29 2009	Le must de Pékin		
Jun 29 2009 	????????????????????		
Mar 30 2007 	excelente situacion		
