Nov 2 2009 	tired hotel poor service	We have been here for a few days.Since the snow came on Sunday,there has not been heating working in the hotel and the dining room is very cold.The management are unhelpful and blame the government policy of no public heating until Nov 15th but the Hilton nearby and other hotels are heated.Breakfast and evening buffet are only adequate-this hotel is showing its age.Internet is £9 per day.	
Oct 14 2009 	A lovely hotel with a staff that works hard to please you!	IntroDuring our 18 nights in Beijing, we spent a week at this hotel because we prefer Marriott properties and the rates were 600RMB a night during the national holiday week. We began at the Beijing Courtyard, and moved towards the airport to this hotel before the 60th Birthday Celebration closed many downtown streets for several days. This hotel provided a clean, safe haven for a restful and relaxing vacation.The Front Desk and ConciergeBoth were helpful and did what they are trained to do. We used their services daily for getting cabs and ice buckets delivered to the room. It helps to remember that while they speak some English, most of the staff don't understand much English. As we know few words in Mandarin, communications were a problem most places in Beijing. Even with a hotel card from the concierge providing your destination's directions, be prepared to have a cab drop you at the wrong bookstore or restaurant if you do not have the exact address of the place. And just go with the flow because you may find you like the place where you were taken by mistake!The RoomsOur first room was 1011, a suite facing the rear of the hotel with a view of a huge construction site. While we loved the huge size of the room, it was very long and narrow with just one window at the far end from the bed. They are building a skyscraper just behind the hotel, and we heard construction noise most of the day. Fortunately it was not so loud it disturbed us. The king bed was comfortable, and the room was quite clean. The minifridge and safe were wonderful for storing our laptop and cameras. There was a 500RMB weekly charge for the internet, which required a cable they supplied. There was a large tub and a shower stall in the roomy bath. The A/C kept the room comfortable as it was humid outside most days. The electrical outlets cheerfully accept most kinds of plugs.After a 3 day trip away from Beijing, we returned to room 1002, a suite facing the front of the hotel and the main street. This room has several wide windows on the bed side and seems much brighter. It has a separate living area rather than just being one long room like 1011, and provides more privacy if you are traveling with children or friends. The Gym and Pool We did not use the gym, but the rooftop, indoor pool was heavenly. There are few places in Beijing where you are not surrounded by too many people, so It was wonderful finding an empty pool for swimming laps. Swim caps are mandatory in China for both sexes. Beware of the steep drop into the pool from the two step ladder; I fell backwards almost breaking my knee when there was no third step. There are no stairs into the pool, so the two ladders are the only way in. Take someone to keep you company as there is no one on duty inside the pool, and it is dangerous to swim alone anywhere.The Club LoungeDue to the national holidays, many facilities were closed in the hotel. The bar, club lounge and pool were closed during part of our stay. The two times we visited the club lounge were fine; it had the normal food and drinks and a view facing the street. It does give you another quiet place to relax if the crowds and weather bother you. The Restaurant The sunny, main restaurant is to the right of the lobby. We felt right at home there and ate breakfast and often another meal around 4 or 5. We loved their Western breakfast buffet and the eggs cooked any way you wish. For the later meal, we enjoyed their mostly Western menu of steaks, burgers, and salads and their Japanese dishes. Our goal was to remain well enough to attend a family reunion of sorts at the end of our stay, so we ate most of the time in the hotel. Having experienced serious food poisoning a few months earlier, we were on the reserved side of the food/restaurant choice issue. We did enjoy several dinners at local restaurants, but chose them with care. Location This is a tough subject because we liked and disliked the location. It was nice being in a quieter part of Beijing after a 12 nights near busy Tiananmen Square. But there were few places that interested us within walking distance of the hotel. We did enjoy the indoor flower market a few blocks behind the hotel (on the other side of the construction zone.) The stalls selling aquarium fish and live coral were amazing. Do take your camera. Cabs are easy to get and inexpensive in Beijing, so we had few problems getting around by taxi. The insane traffic is another story. Take a detailed map and a Rough Guide or Lonely Planet book in your bag because you will need it most days. We did visit by cab the 798 Arts District up the road about 15 minutes from the hotel. We expected too much and were disappointed by the quality of much of the art. It is an interesting neighborhood for roaming around if you like to hike long distances and explore weird art. ConclusionWe loved this hotel and would return in a minute. The only reason it did not rate 5 circles was the location being distant from most attractions and having few desirable places within walking distance. Being from a small town, we found the hotel did provide a safe cocoon in a town of 15+ million people, and that is a remarkable feat in itself.	
Oct 6 2009 	Spotless 	We stayed here en route to and from Mongolia. We had no time to visit Beijing itself, but wanted somewhere within 30 mins of the aiport.I booked a club room in order to get the inclusive airport transfer, which worked out cheaper than paying seperately for both. The airport pick-up was seamless, the hotel staff helpful and courteous, the room comfortable, and the bathroom spotless. On the way home we were upgraded to a suite, which was a nice surprise, and had time to enjoy the excellent buffet breakfast.I'd definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	The Location was excellent	We left another hotel to check into the Rennaissance. Can you say UPGRADE. We loved the location of this hotel because my husband is a Starbucks coffee acheiver and one is attatched to the outside of the hotel on the left. There are also 4 others in the area; he seems to have GPS when he needs their coffee. The hotel is also surrounded by excellent restaurants. Try the hot pot one whith the elaborate red arch across the street. We walked to the subway daily which is a few blocks away and a great bargain. The subway is the best way to see everything on your list except the great wall. The signs are in english and Chinese. The staff gave us a map that was wonderful and we saw many things we wouldn't have seen or known about if we had been with a tour. The staff will also write notes for you in Chinese and English so you can show it at your destination. The lounge is comfortable and well appointed. They make great Lychee martinis among other things. The vocalist and acoustic piano player were recording worthy even if I hadn't stayed there I would have gone over there to see the act perform. Thanks Rodney (F&amp;B Director) for having such a great staff and for helping me find the Donkey restaurant, it was delicious. My husband and I frequented the dumpling place to the right of the hotel lots of mornings because they were delicious, fresh and affordable and filling. The owner would put them in a bag for carryout when we were going on early morning treks around the city. We stayed at the Renaissance for 9 days and would stay there again just to revisit the restaurants and see the staff.	
Jan 23 2009	OK Location OK Hotel	Overall impression during our stay of this hotel was decent. It is a bit far from the city/main tourist areas, and cab drivers seem to have a hard time finding this place (even using the direction card from the hotel). It's about 35-45 minutes to the Forbidden Palace area. The hotel is not close to the metro, you will have to take a cab to get to the metro, about 10-15 minutes. The hotel is fairly new, so the rooms, bathroom, furnitures were definitely on the US hotel scale. The lounge served breakfast, beverage, happy hour, and had 2 computers for guest use. The ladies that worked there were friendly, but generally left you alone unless you need their help (significant departure to our horrid experience at the prefer guest lounge in the Le Meridien Shanghai). There's peking duck restaurant down the street (walk out the hotel, to the left, down the street until the next main intersection), reasonable price, service, and good selection of dishes. We saw an episode of Anthony Bourdain in Beijing having dinner in a noodle shop, and always wanted to find that place (there are probably 2000 noodle shops in the city). Upon asking the hotel staff, they recommended Noodle Loft (exactly where Anthony filmed that segment)...excellent noodle.	
Jan 9 2009 	Wonderful Hotel 	I loved my stay at this hotel. The hotel itself is pretty much brand new. I've read lots of other reviewers complain about the location, but my husband and I thought it was wonderful. Its outside the main downtown area, so yes its about a 15 minute ride to the forbidden city and tiananmen square, but it was such a more meaningful experience to be in a more neighborhood setting. The hotel is located on a long street full of restaurants and bars filled with all locals. We had amazing food that we definitely wouldn't have had if we were staying in the more touristy areas. For example one night my husband had all kinds of seafood cooked in 5 different sauces, while I had amazingly fresh vegetables that came out plate after plate after plate and our whole dinner was only 15 dollars. Also we found great shops with every kind of trinket you could think of, at amazingly cheap prices, because we weren't in the main tourist area. There was tons of shopping for anything from clothes, bags, luggage, to furniture and antiques. The employees at the hotel were so helpful and went out of their way to accomodate in any way they could. For instance we arrived at 3am and their kitchen was closed, yet they still found someone to get us some room service since we were famished. We just really had a fantastic time at this hotel. I guess if you are planning to only be in beijing for a day or two and see only the forbidden city and tiananmen square then maybe this isn't the place for you. But if you want to immerse yourself in more of the chinese culture and if you will be traveling anywhere outside the city (for example to the great wall or something) then this location is much more convenient and a better choice.	
Oct 31 2008 	Meeting planners beware	We used this hotel for a 2 day conference, and stayed here 5 nights in total.The hotel itself is positioned as business hotel so is slightly out of central Beijing. The rooms are fine and the hotel is in good condition - what you would expect from a Renaissance.The suprise came when our final bill arrived..... If you are a western company planning a business meeting then beware! Some of the points in our contract were lost in translation, and as a result we were charged a lot more for certain services than we were expecting - or they were worth. This tainted our stay, and means we will avoid using this hotel again for similar purposes!	
Sep 2 2008 	Not good location	My second time in Beijing, I have stayed at the Renaissance as I was not able to find better location during Olympic. Hotel is brand new but the service and location where not good.I have tried to order room service but they came with the wrong dishes. Staff barely speak english and were maybe train quickly to open this hotel on timeRegarding location, it is better to stay in Sofitel.	
Aug 3 2008	Great place	This was one of our tour hotels. I was pleased how great it was. Rooms were 5 star western with all the amenities one could want including iron/board, robes, kettle, separate shower and bath and were very clean including carpets. Bed and bedding luxurious. The pool area was a nice place to cool off after a hot day. Breakfasts were included in our tour and included both asian and western items and freshly made omelettes or eggs.It cost me 14 yuan to take a taxi to subway and within minutes I was downtown. Totally travel time about 15 minutes.Starbucks right next door for those who can't do without a fix.Bar lounge had a great group singing. There is a convenience store almost outside hotel. There is an ATM in lobby or currencies can be exchanged at front desk.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Location and Value	We were cautious about staying at this hotel because of its location. Like other tourists I would have preferred to be in near Tiananmen Square but honestly, I much preferred the hotel's site, which is in the northeast part of the city near the embassies and fantastic shopping, western-style bars and great Chinese restaurants. The taxi ride in took 15 minutes and cost about 25RMB tops. The hotel is modern, with a helpful doorman and front desk staff. The rooms are standard Renaissance - tasteful, functional and subtly luxurious. The health club was big (subpar equipment) and the pool was gorgeous, the perfect post-flight refresher. As a Platinum member I got to use the club lounge, which was fantastic and included a generous breakfast. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants at all (go and explore Beijing!). The only downside was no spa - just a sauna in the locker rooms.	
Jun 12 2008	A great start in China	Our room was large and very comfortable. The decor was most attractive with lovely woods and other nice detail. We thought the breakfast buffet was very good and had much variety. The dining room was sunny and small enough to feel homey. Service was excellent and friendly.	
Apr 21 2008 	Nice welcome to Beijing	Great, comfortable hotel with good AAA discounts. Big, well-appointed room, clean spacious bathroom; friendly, English-speaking staff, and massage service in room and at the spa. Very nice, clean pool and well-furnished gym facility. Reliable, helpful staff helped us organize a half-day trip to the Great Wall with small bus tour (5 people total) and thorough guide &quot;Mike&quot; who spoke English well and told us fun, interesting facts about the culture and country as we visited. The tour cost us about $40 each and was well worth it. One down side to the hotel is the incredibly pricey breakfast... don't bother with it, go outside to the busy street and find something nearby, or if you are desperate, go next door to a small, but comfy Starbucks and have your American coffee fix or try a local specialty like a green tea latte. Great roast duck restaurant down the street for local cuisine at inexpensive rates. Nice intro to the culture and city, and easy to get to all the main places by taxi-- maximum 25 yuan -- about $3.50 from hotel to Tiananmen Square or Silk Market.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Service -- Reasonable Rate	I stayed at the Renaissance for 8 nights in March. The hotel staff was great. If I called, I was always greeted by name. The hotel lounge band was excellent. I don't usually frequent hotel bars, but this band had me coming in every night (except Sunday when they are off).The breakfast was pricey, which is my only real complaint about the hotel. It's also not central to the &quot;tourist&quot; areas but the couple of days we had for sightseeing were not spent in traffic.	
Apr 4 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	I stayed a week in Beijing visiting my daughter. The hotel exceeded my expecations. From the help of the doorman whenever I needed a taxi, to the guidance of the concierge when I needed restaurant help, to the greetings of the front desk staff, everything was perfect. By the end of my stay, I was always greeted by name. The Club Lounge was exceptional. The staff was attentive in every way. The food was well prepared, the snacks were perfect. My room was large and comfortable. Housekeeping always made up the room quickly when I was out. I'm not used to an over the top review but this hotel deserves it. I used the health club each day. The equipment was fine though as is true of many urban hotels, more equipment would have been better. The pool was beautiful although I didn't use it. The hotel restaurants met my needs - a traditional 3 meal restaurant where you could get noodles or a hamburger and fries. The hotel has an upscale Chinese restaurant and a lounge with excellent live entertainment.My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance about a year earlier. We enjoyed our stay but since then the hotel has really polished its service. I had a wonderful stay and would highly recommend the hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Nothing to complain about!	I stayed here for work for 7 nights, and it had everything you need. The gym had decent facilities and even has an indoor pool, though a bit small, but enough to do some short laps. It has a safe, iron, a great view of the city (if the pollution gets blown away), and comfortable beds. The bathrooms are also very clean and modern. The staff is very friendly and the included breakfast at the 1st floor restaurant is excellent with both Chinese and western fare. Its location is the only thing that would potentially be a deterrent for choosing this place again. It is in the northeast corner of Beijing and probably a good 30 minutes from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, and that's without traffic, which can add an extra significant amount of time. But the area is very safe and has a ktv and good restaurants across the street (namely the Bellagio). The only thing I found strange is there was no hairdryer. Maybe it was hidden somewhere but I didn't spend too much time looking for it.	
Feb 26 2008	Loved	fd	
Nov 15 2007	Loved this hotel	I've stayed in beijing many times and this by far has been my favourite hotel, the only negative aspect is that some might find that it is not located in the city centre, but beijing is a huge city and taxi fare are extremely cheap. The service in the hotel is ecellent, the staff are truely very helpful and have from my experience a very good standard of english. The heath centre on the top floor is very modern and open very late and in room massages are cheap and include tip. I ate out every evening but the breakfast overed a good selection of both local and western food and a chef to cater to any other desires of their guests. all in all a very good hotel and a very enyoyable saty	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Room Comfortable Bed	We spent a number of nights here as we attended a function in the hotel. Had a great big room with a very comfortable bed. Good bathroom with shower cubicle and stand up shower in the bath!Great shoe shine facility - very efficient free pickup and return.Breakfast buffet was ok - the fruit could have been better for such a good hotel and the service was not always as good as expected. This is not unusual for what we found around China. Overall though, no complaints.The hotel is about a 20-25 mins subject to beijing traffic taxi ride into the main tourist areas and taxis are cheap. It is also in a good location for visiting the great wall. We had a fantastic day at Jinshaling and went to Starbucks next door for a pick me up coffee after our climb! The hotel charges for intenet access which is a shame but starbucks has free wireless access!Went to a fantastic local restaurant so worth coming out of the hotel, turning right and walking down the road until something takes your fancy. Good little local supermarkets for snacks and cheap water.Heard about a great local flower market but ran out of time and never made it!	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Hotel but on the Outskirts of town	We we allocated this hotel as a Priceline win and as such it was excellent value for money . The location is a little out of the centre but there are bars and restaurants in the area . Beijing is huge so you will inevitably need to travel by taxi during your stay . Taxis are very cheap but Beijing traffic is a nightmare so getting around town can be very tedious .On the plus side the hotel is near the Airport expressway so getting to the Airport is easy . The room was quite large with 2 double beds,very clean and comfortable and very much to the Renaissance &quot;formula &quot; .The bathroom had a separate bath and shower . We found the staff very attentive and courteous .Overall we had a great stay in Beijing and we had no problems at all with the hotel and would have no problems staying there again.	
Sep 6 2007 	Renaissance Rocks!	We stayed in the Renaissance last week while in Beijing. We changed to this hotel for the weekend after staying in the Presidential Plaza. This hotel was a dream. Its lovely, clean, the beds are comfy, the rooms are big (really big), and the bathrooms are really nice. The health club is clean and modern, and the indoor pool is also nice. My husband and I got foot massages in our room which were also really nice, inexpensive, and including tip!The staff here was quite fluent in English and easy to communicate with. There is only caveat with which I recommend this hotel. Location. This hotel is in the embassy district, the area with the huge ex-pat scene. Its not downtown Beijing, but taxis are so cheap it didn’t matter for us. V’ha meyvin yavin: this hotel is extremely shomer shabbos friendly!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Hotel	This was a heavenly hotel with many important features. Wonderful beds, lots of strong hot water, great facilities including gym and pool, wonderful staff, especially Fred the head concierge who made life easier for us, and reliable broadband, essential for the business traveller.The food and drink was good throughout the various restaurants and bars.Being a new-ish hotel it was clean, tidy and had excellent facilities. Excellent.	
Jun 11 2007	Good Hotel - With Some Cautions	My wife and I stayed here for four days recently while touring China and Japan. I travel for business in Asia periodically. First the positives: -- Clearly a new property/recent renovation - overall in good condition. -- Large room, with Marriott's new bedding that I expect from stays in the states -- There is a Starbucks immediately next to the hotel -- Nice dining option right across the street called &quot;Bellagio&quot; Negatives: -- About a 25-35 minute drive from most sights you want to see (about $8-12 USD per trip each way) depending on traffic. -- Cab drivers do not know this hotel - at all. Due to it being a new hotel I think....if you leave the hotel by cab you MUST take a card from the front desk that you can give to drivers. -- Getting from the airport is tough - the hotel web site does not have a way for you to print the hotel name and location in Chinese characters - and none of the drivers know the hotel. We had to drive to a near by, better known hotel and the front desk there helped us get to the Renaissance. For this reason alone I would not send co-workers or friends to this hotel. -- The staff's English is not up to par with other hotels I have stayed at in mainland China. And they are a bit aloof.-- At 4am one night a loud alarm clock in the unoccupied room next to us went off and it took 1.5 hours to resolve with the front desk clerk who seemed completely annoyed to have to help us. So overall - solid physical condition, but hard to get to and staff is weak for a Marriott. Pricing was OK. If going back to Beijing I would choose another location.	
May 11 2007 	Really nice place but far from city center		
Sep 19 2006 	Really really nice		
May 27 2006	Beijing Hideout		
May 24 2006	Superb Hotel		
Jan 25 2006	A very outstanding hotel		
Nov 30 2005 	Great Place and Exquisite Service at a Very Reasonable Price		
Jun 27 2005	Very pleasant stay		
May 26 2005 	Great Renaissance!		
Jun 3 2008	Gutes Hotel im Chaoyang Bezirk		
May 11 2006	Un hotel maravilloso impecable....		
