	Beijing	In march 2009 we stayed in Beijing and sleep in Forbidden Days in Beijing.The place is in the center of the city, nearby Tienanmen and the Forbidden City.This hotel is very very good - clean and the staff is very quintly.When we go back to Beijing we will absolute stay in this hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	Decent Value In Beijing	ROOMIn May, we stayed in a Budget Queen which we booked on Agoda for about $50USD/night including taxes. The room was a “half-basement”, but in fact it was in the basement. There was a small window on the top of the ceiling. The drapes however didn’t reach the top of the ceiling so when the sun rose at 5am, it was very bright. There is no elevator to get to the basement, so we had to lug our suitcases down and up the stairs. The room was small – there was enough space for the queen bed, a small desk and one chair. The bathroom was also small, no tub. Everything was very clean, but some of the plumbing was rusty. The bathroom has two sliding doors, but doesn’t provide much privacy. The bed was too hard, but that is the standard in Asia.There was no wireless connection in the basement, but they provided a LAN line in the room and we used it to connect. It worked, but was very slow.The room had a small flat screen TV (only about 4 English speaking channels), blowdryer, hot water boiler and a safe. Aircon worked very well.SERVICEWe asked them to change the sheets one night during our 4 night stay, and they did not. They refilled the toiletries every almost night. We asked them for a simple map of Beijing. They charged us 8 Yuan for a map that you normally get for free because it was filled with advertisements. They are not very friendly when it you ask for anything. Their English is good enough to get the basics. LOCATIONThe hotel was located in between the Tiannenmen East subway station and the Wangfujing station – both are about an 8-9 minute walk. It’s possible to walk to the ticket booth Forbidden City – about 20-25 minutes. The snack market (night market) is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. We got breakfast at the Mall on Wangfujing Street (Bread Talk), which was very good. We never tried the hotel breakfast. For dinner we went to a the dumpling place on Nanheyan Street, north of the hotel (about a 3 minute walk). Very, very cheap (10 delicious dumplings for $1US - So $50US for a night in a basement room is finally pretty pricey for Beijing)OTHERWe traveled to the Summer Palace via subway and wouldn’t recommend it if you’re not under a tight budget. The subway ride with interchanges took about an hour. We couldn’t hire a taxi to get from the Bagou (last station) to the summer palace because none of them would take us such a short distance (using meter). Take the bus from the Bagou station – 374. Don’t walk. It took us 20 minutes to walk to the entrance and then another 20 to walk to the East Gate entrance. On the return trip, we took a bike drawn carriage. He told us it was 20 yuan to the subway station and then we arrived he told us it was 40 yuan for two people. We ended up getting into a huge argument with him, which was very unpleasant.	
Nov 6 2009 	wonderful location wonderful hotel	We stayed here for 6 nights and loved it. The area is wonderful and the hotel staff was so helpful. I am a graduate student on a budget and the price was right for me, but I felt like I was getting first-class treatment. One night, one staff member even walked us to the main street to flag us a taxi and make sure they understood where to take us. They all speak excellent English and the breakfast (costs extra) is yummy if you're interested in eating at the hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Location is great room could be better	We stayed there for two nights in October in a standard, king sized bed on the upper floor. The bed was hard, the shower clogged and the carpet dirty. It certainly can use a makeover. The size was decent. There were windows but no view and it was close to the elevator so you can hear the door open and close. Staff was helpful depending on who you get. We had asked for a map and one would tell you that you need to buy while another would offer it free to you. The lobby was very nice and clean, if only they pay the same effort in the rooms. Aside from that, everything else was great. Location is fantastic! As others have indicated, it's close to a lot of attractions and shopping. The buffet breakfast was plentiful with lots of choices. We love the buffet breakfast. Overall, good place for a few days. Make sure you get a room far away for the elevator!	
Oct 18 2009 	Location location location	This hotel is in a wonderful location, an easy 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City, Wangfujing, and metro station. Our family room was large and comfortable, a good breakfast was included and staff were helpful. The beds ARE very hard and taxi drivers don't know the hotel yet, so take the advice of the previous reviewer and you will not regret staying in this gem of a hotel. It is a quiet oasis in a buzzing city.	
Oct 15 2009	Lived up to its reviews	We got the recommend for this hotel from Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed in any department. Great location, good staff, free comprehensive breakfast and if you choose carefully - great room. Also the negatives proved true- hard beds and taxis seem to have difficulty finding the address. So here are my hints - if there are 2 of you and you want more room to move, book a family room. Plenty of space and well equipped and not expensive. If you have problems getting the taxi to recognise the address, ask them to take you to Wangfujing Mall. They can drop you easily and you can walk down 2 or 3 side roads which bring you out across the street from the hotel (with crossing lights if they are of any use!) Beijing is a buzz, but location has to be a key to seeing this city well.	
Oct 11 2009 	One of the most amazing locations and excellent value	As budget travellers we were concerned about finding quality, affordable accomodation in central Beijing without staying in a hostel. This hotel was quite possibly the most amazing combination of both. The hotel is central to Wangfujing St. - about a 8 minute walk east, and Tianamen Square, Mao's Maseoleum, and the Forbidden City were at 10-12 minute walk west. You are right in the middle of a hutong, and there are plenty of eating and tourist sites to visit on foot. The hotel is set in a courtyard, and the lobby and restaurant is very nice, open and clean. We stayed in an underground room which was perfectly fine, as we were out until past sunset most nights so a view wasn't neccesary at all. The bathrooms were decent size by asian standards, and the bed was also very comfortable. In the room you have an internet connection, tv and mini fridge. The hotel offers tours to most major sites, but if you are short on money I suggest looking at the tours offered in the Forbidden City Hostel, about a 5 minute walk north of the hotel. We booked a day trip to walk the Great Wall from Jinshanling to Simatai. It was a very good value. I do not suggest taking the black taxies from the hotel, as they are much more expensive to take. Just look out on the main street, as there are tons of taxis driving around.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good location but room is a bit dim	Went to stay in Days Inn from 20th till 25th Sept 2009 with 2 kids aged 12 and 8. The room that was given to me was a family room that has a queen bed and a single bed.The room is quite dim; there're only 2 table lamps and 2 ceiling lights.But the breakfast was good, and the location, it's only 7-8 minutes walk to the popular shopping Wangfujing area.The hotel staffs are very helpful especially a lady by the name of May. She helped us to make an itinerary for the 5days stay.	
Sep 30 2009 	Friendly helpful service in very clean surroundings	Located just off the main road makes for a quiet location but right in the heart of Beijing. Just one block from the Forbidden City with access to there by a beautiful garden. Staff were very helpful and rooms kept very clean. Comfortable rooms. Restaurant in hotel was a bit overstretched on the one night when we had to eat there because of a curfew imposed by the authorities preparing for the big 60th CPR celebrations. food was ok - it just took a while to arrive. Perhaps they don't normally have so many guests. At any other time there are plenty of restaurants nearby and the Night Food Market is only a ten minute walk away.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great choice	This hotel is in the perfect place, as near as you can get to Tienanmen square, next to Wanfunjing road and just a few minutes from the metro station. Our room was nice and the breakfast was more than ok (for china standards). The people at the reception were always kind and ready to help you. Spoke quite good english as well. The only thing we didnt like was the visit that they arranged for us to the great wall and the ming tombs. The guide didnt get us to the tombs, only to the small museum by them and we stoped in two factories to make us shop for a long time. But the hotal is a very good choice and quite cheap for what it has to offer you.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good prIce/perfomance ration; ideal location in the heart of Beijing	The double rooms are a little bit small. For 2 Persons there is only 1 chair. But good equiped with TV, electric kettle, coffee, tea and minibar with reasonable prices. In the bathroom there are some black dots from mold. The room service is ok. The breakfast buffet ist great with chinese and western food. The best we have had in 4 weeks. The internet access is 10 RMB/hour is ok. but each printed page is also 10 RMB! The people on the front desk are very friendly and helpful and they speak sufficient englishBruno und Helga (Germany) Sept. 2009	
Sep 3 2009 	Some fixtures shabby carpet stained dark and gloomy	We booked the last two rooms (traveled with another couple) offered at a 'special&quot; price. We didn't realise that these rooms were half floor rooms, which means that they are mostly below ground. You end up with natural light trying to get in to a very short window. It made the room very dark so that in the day you almost need a tourch! It felt pretty dingy but as we were there for only 3 nights it was ok. The carpet also was pretty dirty, and power points and other fittings were cracked or not fitted properly. We would try this place again because of the location (great location) but most definately not the half floor rooms even for another short stay. The rooms above might be better. Beds are also hard but no worse than in other asian countries.	
Sep 2 2009 	Location location......you know the rest.	3 words: location, location, location.The hotel is 5-mins walk from Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and a major shopping/restaurant district. This, in my opinion, cannot be beaten.The rooms are very comfortable, but quite standard: they have an LCD tv, air con etc. There's no internet access, but my husband and I could get free WiFi in the lobby. The hotel has a restaurant/bar, free parking and offers loads of info on tours, shows and sights. My husband and I paid a little extra and went on a private tour with guide to the Great Wall and the Ming tombs. We had a fantastic day and the guide was fab. We also booked tickets to the Kung Fu show and would definitely recommend this. Amazing!! The staff were not amazingly friendly, but were helpful when needed and would get us taxis etc.Next to the hotel here is also a charming little park that connects two roads. Lovely for a stroll and some time out, if needed.Don't expect an overwhelming hotel experience from Days Inn, but know that you'll be comfortable, well informed and in one of the best locations possible. Isn't that what it's all about?	
Aug 8 2009 	Very good for a quick stay in Beijing	We stayed here for 3 nights in July. We paid $45 per night on Agoda and it was an amazingly good deal! The room was very clean, and the location was perfect. About a 10 minute walk to FOrbidden City and Tiennamen Square. The only problem was that the beds were rock hard, we didn't get the greatest night's rest, but aside from that everything was great. We were also able to keep our bags at the hotel desk for the day after check out. Thanks to the Days Inn.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great value great location!	This hotel was recommended by my guidebook and a great value, and they were right on. The rate was around 70 US dollars, and it is located just minutes from a subway station and several attractions, such as the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, and a famous street food location. One caveat is that most cab drivers had a hard time finding it, but there are a variety of places you can tell a cab to go that are nearby. The rooms have hard beds like you'll find in most hotels in China. The breakfast buffet, which was included in the room price was varied and substantial. The rooms are small, but sufficient. The staff at the front desk were moderately sufficient at helping with our questions. They do charge 20 RBM/hr for internet that is only so-so. You can get free wireless in the lobby.	
Jul 15 2009 	great value hotel in a good location	Nice hotel which is good value for money. Its in a good central location and near the subway with good links to other sights. Quiet room with good facilities.	
Jul 13 2009 	They've got thieves working for them	I´m living in Shanghai and last week stayed in this hotel. The cleanliness of the place was't really accurate. However, this just happens talking about the dirt, because the last day, my 500$ mobile phone dissapear from the drawer.It was my spanish phone and I´m not really using it in China. That's why I didn't take it with me. With no time to report to police because our flight, I just had to trust hotel security staff. After a week, the only answer I've got from them is that, after watching the video recordings, 6 people had entered to the room. All were house keeping staff, and no one saw any phone. Draw your own conclusions.	
Jul 12 2009 	Only worth it if you get a good deal	We arrived last night and they did not have any record of our reservation, even though we had the printed out confirmation from the dayinn.com site which we booked through. The room they gave us is tiny, old, and stale. This morning we asked for a different room, but the new room they gave us was the exact same only a little bigger. The room would not be that bad except we are paying Y500/night. Since it was a Western hotel and considering the price, we were expecting something much nicer (plus all of the tripadvisor reviews). We could have stayed at a Chinese hotel that would be exactly the same quality for half the price of a Days Inn. If you could get the room for much less, then it would be worth it. Staff has been helpful and patent with us. Overall, no different than the Days Inns in the US. TV is nice. Walk to the main road to get a taxi.	
Jul 11 2009	Not bad for the price	My parents and I stayed here from Nov 11 - 15, 2008 so we could take in the sights of Beijing. Perhaps our experience was a little biased based upon our unpleasant arrival. We flew in from Guangzhou (where it was a comfortable temp) to a freezing Beijing and my father had left behind a suitcase with all his winter clothing! Not to mention 2 of us were already sick with what seemed to be the flu. When we flagged down a taxi at the airport, he had great difficulty understanding where the hotel was despite me having a map and the name of it written in chinese. After he made a few calls to the hotel and showed his frustration, we finally made it there after about 40 minutes. Overall, the location is pretty good and in extreme close proximity to tiannamen square and the forbidden city... but you wouldn't know this because it's located in what looks like a dark alley, which is extremely quiet. Wangfujing is also just a few streets away, so remember to check it out for great cheap eats.. and the McDonalds is also located there :) Just don't try to take pictures inside or they'll yell at you!The first room we were placed in had lights that did not work and it seemed pretty dark inside the room, so we asked a manager to switch rooms and they kindly obliged. Our second room wasn't much better, but at least one of the small lamps worked. If you like bright rooms, don't expect it from this place. I think 1 or 2 lamps were all that kept us from falling on top of one another in the mornings and late at night. The room was extremely cold and we asked to turn the heat on, but apparently there was some law in effect that Beijing could not turn heat on until Nov 15 (the day we were scheduled to leave). Regardless, we kept trying and managed to get a little heat to come out of the wall unit, but it was extremely weak and we would leave it on all day while we were out touring just so we wouldn't come back to a -20 F degree room. There is a restaurant located inside of the hotel, but we always ventured out to eat on our own and with a tourguide. Be warned, some of the locals WILL take advantage of you if they know you are a foreigner, but I guess this is to be expected. My family is Chinese, but we speak the Cantonese dialect which is not used there. Outside of the hotel, a woman sold corn on the cob and tried to up the price by a few yuan on my dad when she heard his accent.Overall, because it was just a few days, I would say that it was a pretty good bargain since we were primarily there to see a couple of main sights, but if it were more than 4 days... I would've probably reconsidered. The hotel merely served as a place to shower and sleep as they have no real amenities that I could see.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Hotel for Reasonable Price	We spent three nights in this hotel during our recent visit to Beijing. We got a very good price booking through ctrip.com. Taxi charged 100 Yuan from the Airport which includes the toll fee. The driver had a little difficulty of finding the hotel as it is located in a side street. Walking distance to Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Wangfujing Street and Subway station. Front desk staff is very helpful and friendly. I am not really impressed with the quality of the room. ( Hard mattresses and some areas of the room need renovation). However we used the room only for sleeping in the night as we have a busy schedule during the day time. Breakfast buffet has western and Chinese food which we really enjoyed. Considering the price we paid and location, I am really happy with our stay in this hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location	My partner and I stayed here after checking this website. 5 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. 10 minute walk in the other direction and you're on Wangfuling Shopping Street. One warning: Don't use Taxi's at the hotel, wave one down in the front street, they are much cheaper. Also beware of the the locals out the front waiting to take you on their bikes..... they take you the long way to where you want to go and then demand a lot of money. We had to threaten them with the police. They told us the price was 3RMB and then when we got to the square they demanded 300RMB. Staff in the bar are very friendly and happy our is fantastic, buy one get one free...... Nothing is too much trouble. The walk to Shopping Mall is pleasant as is the Walking Street Market although most of the stuff is the same in each stall	
Jun 2 2009 	Can't go wrong!	Using the Days Inn Forbidden City's free internet as I type! Recommend his hotel to anyone visiting Beijing. 5 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. 10 minute walk in the other direction and you're on Wangfuling Shopping Street. Ideally located for the sightsee'er! Rooms are clean and modern. Affordable. Will stay here the next time I'm in Beijing! Recommend this hotel to one and all!	
May 24 2009 	Almost perfect	Been there for 4 nights last April. Really liked the location, breakfast, size of the room, cleanliness, amenities. Also a flat screen TV, minifridge and safe box in the room, and two complimentary bottles of water everyday in your room. So far everything perfect.The only complain that I have is related to the day when I had the buffet lunch at the Hotel (which is good and unexpensive: 48 yuan); they charged me 28 yuan for a bottle of Coke (which costs 2 or 3 yuan in the streets) ! So if you decide to have lunch at the Hotel, check the price of the beverages first, or you'll have a bad surprise (like me).Anyhow, I recommend the Hotel.	
May 16 2009 	Decent hotel right near several tourist high spots	I spent 3 nights at this hotel 4-29 -&gt; 5-2. I've re-read thru a couple reviews and generally agree with what I've read. The room I had was small with a hard bed, but reasonably nice. I had a fridge and safe, altho I never spotted a hair dryer. It really is right around the corner from tianammen (sp) square, forbidden city and wanfujing (sp) walking street etc, so it is a nice spot for independant travelers. I found the staff for the most part reasonably friendly, including front desk, restaurant and business center. They probably would have preferred to sell more tours and tickets to me, but were never rude or dismissive. I booked directly thru Days Inn website for what I thought was a good rate of around 500rmb per nite. It included a quite decent breakfast buffet (western and asian food, changed a bit from day to day.) I appreciated all the more as it was my last included breakfast in my China hotels. I also had dinner and room service from the hotel a few times and it was fine. I would steer away from the little convenience shop in the hotel, you can buy your drinks from any one of multiple convenience stores or stands on the (main) street outside the Days Inn (the one the restaurant faces.) Also, I had no problems checking in or out with the desk but that may be partially due to booking thru the Days Inn website (I generally prefer booking directly with hotels rather than 3rd parties.) There are other much lusher appearing hotels around the corner, so I would weigh the price and amenities of the Days Inn against the other hotels in making a decision. In short, it's pretty good, no reason to avoid, not sure whether you need to make a mad rush for it either. (Carpets were oddly messy in hallway. Also had two incidents with people - housekeeping, and man trying to enter my room while I was in there. Keep your bolts on while in room.)	
May 16 2009 	Great experience at Days Inn	My wife and I spent three wonderful days at Days Inn. The staff were efficient and courteous and spoke good English. The hot breakfast was very good. The location was very convenient, close to historical places of interest. Tours were efficiently arranged by the hotel staff. The rooms were clean and adequately furnished, perhaps the air conditioner could have been better placed as we got a draft throughout the night. We shall definitely stay at the Hotel when we next visit Beijing and recommend it highly.	
May 15 2009	Location top Service not	We stayed at the Days Inn Forbidden City for a week. The hotel is difficult to find if you don't have the address in Chinese, and even then, some Taxi-drivers had trouble finding it during the week. When you arrive, the hotel looks very inviting, but this is not reflected in the rooms.We had booked a special rate, but when we arrived we were told that it is old and we would get a new rate. After several discussions, we were finally told that they would check with the booking service and in the end, we received our initial rate. The staff speaks poor English, which might be enough, but when it comes to problems, that is quite difficult. The room might have been hygienically clean, but the carpet was stained and the bathroom did not look very inviting. Houskeeping did a good job though and I did not feel uncomfortable. We did not try the food.I believe for a couple more bucks, we could have gotten something better.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent Staff great location....	Hotel staff are amazing, very helpful and always willing to assist… We stayed here for 10 days so chose the budget room, which is nice n comfy but small. Rooms are in underground floor so only small window at the top, no views.Room included: lcd TV with over 60 channels (only couple English channels), kettle with tea bags, but no sugar or milk. Hair dryer provided. Safe in room, small closet enough for hanging some clothes. Torch in side drawer, free paper slippers, 2 free bottles of water per day. Bathroom was ok condition which inc complimentary toothbrush n paste, comb, shower gel and shower, soap, shower cap. Two shower heads, removal and rainforest type. No mini-bar or fridge, no iron but we requested one and it came with a ironing board (free of charge). AC in room was ok and worked fine. Bed was really hard, but we asked for another quilt and slept on that which helped a lot.Location is really good, litteraly minutes away from Tinamen and Wangfujing street.Be careful of the bike taxis that hang around there, these guys charge 300RMB per person and per tour… AVOID!!Also when you do head towards the park near Tianmen square, be careful of Chinese Art students who will ask you come to their college to view their work, we kindly refused but was approached but 2 other girls with the same story, so I guess its some kind of scam…	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic value great breakfast and helpful staff	The front desk is so helpful. They arranged a car to the Great Wall, provided recommendations for restaurants, and did the little things to make our stay extra special. I like a good breakfast before a long day of walking and exploring. The buffet offers fresh fruit, a mixture of Western and local breakfast dishes, and a helpful wait staff. The omelet station is excellent. The location of the hotel is great. It is close to a subway stop, Tian'an Men Square, Forbidden City, and lots of shopping and restaurants.	
May 4 2009 	Best location I can think of and a price that I can't forget either!	Stayed here in early March 2009 for three nights during a business conference in the city proper.. First, as others have mentioned, the hotel is small, and while the &quot;Days Inn&quot; name may be recognizable to westerners-- your cab driver will most likely not know of this hotel.. however, have no fear.. you can print a good map with sufficient details for a taxi driver to use.. The hotel staff is pleasant and will try their best to accomodate you and your needs-- one note of caution-- As I have done business in almost every corner of Asia, I will note that China is still emerging and getting used to the international standards of &quot;guest service&quot;.. So, what does this mean?? If you're looking for flexibility-- say a late check out, or early check-in (without charge) forget it. -- Not that they don't *want* to help you, their system and structure just doesn't yet support such things.. Everyone was friendly enough and translated all my directions and notes so I could get around..As others have mentioned the single BEST thing about this place is the LOCATION.. which I can honestly say is excellent by every measure.. you're about a :05 walk to either the Wangfujing or Tian'anmen East station.. from there you can make connections to almost anywhere in the city.. taxis are plentiful as you're right on a major roadway.. you can take a :10 stroll to the front of Tian'amen Square and take your picture in front of the famous picture of Chmn. Mao... The tourist walking/shopping street of Wangfujing is :05 away and lots of shops and chinese/western restaurants will be found there..The hotel: It's fairly new.. the property is made up of two buildings. The main building--which also houses the restaurant and the rest of the hotel services.. and the second building-- only steps away from the main building-- is just guest rooms.. One note about the hotel's cheapest &quot;budget&quot; rooms.. they are in the second smaller building and are on the so-called first floor.. However, one odd feature is the the first floor of rooms is actually below ground, thus your window is near the ceiling and is small and looks out to the ground above.. kind of like living in a house basement-- if that kind of thing bothers you, check where your room is..I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant as there are so many good places to eat and very reasonable prices all around the hotel, but it's there is you want to eat there..The rooms: Very impressive for the price.. Very modern features, excellent bathroom, great water pressure. Split A/C, firm bed with goose down comforters.. Very clean and well maintained--- by any standard a very good hotel..Verdict: I'd stay here again- no questions asked..	
May 1 2009 	Great Budget Hotel in a Great Location	We stayed at the Days Inn Forbidden City in Beijing for 4 days while visiting Beijing. The hotel is great. The cab ride from the airport took about 25 minutes and cost 75RMB. The driver had no idea where the hotel was located. Luckily, we had a map of the hotel and their phone number, so we called the hotel and they spoke to the driver and he took us there without a problem.The hotel's location is its best feature. It's a 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City, Tienanmen Square, and Wangfujing street. There are also many places to eat around the hotel, so that was also plus for us since we ate a lot of the traditional foods.Checking in was a breeze. It took about 5 minutes. The staff at the front desk were very nice and spoke decent English.The rooms were small, but nothing to really complain about. We had two medium sized luggages and managed just fine. You're out on vacation to explore new things, don't let a small room ruin it for you. The room has wired internet, not the best connection. The speed was sort of slow and our skype connection kept disconnecting, but for free, I really can't complainTheir breakfast buffet is delicious and highly recommended. They serve both western and eastern foods. I think it was definitely worth the $10. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would stay there again if I was on a budget.	
Apr 5 2009 	Location Location Location	My husband and I spent seven nights at the Days Inn Forbidden City recently. We had a wonderful holiday in Beijing, helped in no small part by our choice of hotel: as many people have written, the hotel is a less than 10 minute walk to both Tiannanmen Sq. and Wangfujing Street, which is ideal in such a vast city - visitors will burn a lot of shoe leather!We checked in relatively smoothly. The main hiccough being that we had booked directly through DaysInn.com, where the website said that two breakfasts per room were included in our rate, but upon arrival no-one in the hotel seemed to know about this. It was not ideal to debate this after a long flight and with an 8 hour time difference, but we were facilitated when we showed the receptionist a print-out. Breakfast is 68RMB per person otherwise.We had a brilliant week in Beijing, ate some wonderful meals (one in particular was a stand-out: at a restaurant called Source, located in Banchang Hutong, off Dianmen Dong Dajie, and I'd really recommend it), enjoyed great company, and were in awe at the dynamism of the place. It is a city of contrasts and full of culture.Enjoy your visit!	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Location and Helpful Staff	We took a sleeper train to Beijing on Friday night and left Sunday night, so we only needed the room for one night. Despite arriving at 8am, they were able to check us in quickly. They also helped us arrange transportation to the Great Wall at Mutianyu and recommended a good restaurant for dinner when we came back. Although unassuming from the outside and off the beaten path, Days Inn Forbidden City is close to many restaurants and shopping. It's also about a mile and a half from Tienanmen Square.The room was small, with no closets or hair dryer, but for one night, we couldn't have asked for anything better.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location fantastic price	I stayed at Days for 7 nights in February 2009. and I must say, I'm very impressed. It is well located, being half way between Forbidden City and Wangfujing Street (about 10mins walk to either). And as per all reviews I have read, the taxi driver had difficulty finding the place, even though I had the name, address &amp; location map in Chinese. I would give this place a 4 star rating. The room was very clean, with a modern bathroom; and the free broadband in the room was a major plus. The reception staff were always willing to help out, and there was always at least one staff member available that had very good English skills.The buffet breakfast was very good yet slightly pricey, but it was convenient.The next time I stay in Beijing, Days Inn will definitely be at the top of my list of places to stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice place to stay away from home.	We had a nice time in this hotel the staff were very nice. Food was good it varies every morning except the bacon.	
Feb 14 2009 	Love It! Enjoyed our stay.	The reviews here at Trip Advisor is really helpful. I booked the DayInn Hotel after reading the reviews from this site. And I would say, I'm more than satisfied. The Hotel is rated as 3 star, but I would give a 4 star for this. The Room is cozy, clean, and modern. The bathroom is spacious, and I like the shower, its this new type rain thing... The reception is not big or elegant as those five star hotels, but they give such efficient service. There buffet breakfast is good, and I also recommend their lunch buffet. It's nice, and not pricey. The place is located in the center of a busy district. Very convenient to most of the places and tourist attraction like Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, Wangfujing Shopping district... all are walking distance, don't worry, its about 15 mins. walk. But you can always take a cab around., its cheap and it won't burn a hole in your pocket. Lastly, the most famous Peking restaurant &quot;QuanJuDe&quot; is located in Wangfujing. Just ask the reception to help you call the restaurant for an advance reservation, so that you are sure to have seat reserve for you before you go... or else the place is always packed with travelers and you'll have to wait a long line. Overall, its a nice experience staying at Forbidden City Days Inn Hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	Days Inn in Beijing is better than Days Inn in US	My family and I stayed at the Days Inn Forbidden City in Dec. 2008.Overall, I would recommend the hotel.I'm used to the idea of a days inn in the US being a motel grade quality. Well, this particular days inn is much better than the typical US days inn. It's probably more like a Holiday Inn in the US.We had a total of 5 rooms (each having 2 twins) and they were all of varying sizes. Some had more space than the others. Unfortunately, they were all charged at the same price.The location is pretty good since it's close to the subway and Wangfujing area.For some strange reason, all the female receptionists were much more helpful than any of the male ones. This was the opinion that my entire family had (all 10 of us). The female receptionists just seemed more willing to provide assistance.If you're looking to stay near the Wangfujing area, then I would recommend this hotel. If you just need a good basic hotel in the Beijing area, then I would recommend the Ibis at Sanyuanqiao.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Location for the price	We stayed at this hotel in March 2008. Our cab driver had a difficult time finding our hotel as the entrance is a little awkward. We had the address written in Mandarin but the cab driver still had a difficult time finding the hotel. I believe we had to drag our bags through an alley a bit to get to the front entrance. The hotel is in a great location. Very close to the Tianmmen Square and the Forbidden City. Also within walking distance to Wafujing. We were able to take a short walk to watch the flag raising in Tiananmen square.The hotel staff were helpful for the most part. Not necessarily fluent in English, but they could speak enough that we were able to get by to check in. The hotel room was nicer then we expected. The washroom was nice. The room was small, but we didn't expect a spacious room for the price.	
Jan 6 2009 	Sonny the courteous 	For a family of four, a couple and 2 toddlers, days inn forbidden is ideal and comfortable. Walking distance to wangfujing and forbidden, the homey atmosphere and friendly people of the hotel are a welcome respite every time one arrives from a day-long tour. The bedroom is warm and cozy. The bathroom is not exceptional but spick and span. There's broadband and wi-fi. The restaurant offers tsingtao and yangjin beers, good for nightcap. Food is superb if a bit expensive but worth it. Hats off to SONNY -- who took the extra effort to serve as a guide and butler -- the friendly and courteous waiter in the restaurant. I owe you 14 rmb for the taxi ride. You're an asset to the hotel. Keep it up!	
Jan 5 2009	Fantastic location clean and cosy	I have just returned from my solo travel for 7 days at the Days Inn Forbidden City Beijing. It was quiet but yet not too far from main roads. Location was fantastic, minutes walk to the WangFujing, Tian'anmen SQ, etc, subway station, bus stops with buses that goes to many places of interest.Nearest subway is Tian'anmen Dong, take exit B. Turn left, walk along Chiangan dajie, crossed one main road, turn left on junction of Nanheyen dajie, walk for about 1 minute, you'll see the Inn on your left.Area is safe. The room is clean &amp; cosy. Staff are friendly and helpful. Overall, i would say that it's beyond my expectation.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location - Great Potential	The Days inn Forbidden City Beijing is a really good hotel, with good people, excellent location and really has everything going for it.So I do wonder why I cant rate it that highly. In fact in terms of value for money this hotel has the potential to be the best in Beijing in its class. It has many good points including great housekeeping, good location and free internet. There isnt even really anything that they do wrong it is just either how they explain things or what they dont do.The things that bugged me were basic easily fixed issues. For example1. We had prepaid our week stay (through a Trip adviser site) and had confirmation all money was received and booking confirmed. So when we turned up we were not allowed to check in until we paid a further 500 rmb bond. We had just flown for 16 hours and travelled by train and cab to the hotel and at 6.00am in the morning we didnt have the cash. So we had to pay on a credit card. So instead of a raving review all about arriving at our hotel at 6.00am and getting our room immediately, instead we had a negative experience. When we left we were able to get the credit reversed easily, however it could have been handled much better or advised earlier. It is not uncommon to ask to have a copy of the credit card and I would happily agree to this, but requiring cash is NOT a good practice.2. We had (based on a review) specifically booked a deluxe room with a view over the adjoining Hutong. However no one had told reception and a room was not available on check in. We were told we would be moved later that day when available. After a week we still had the same room we started in. It was a perfectly comfortable room, but was very small. The bathroom was almost bigger than the bedroom. Basically if you say something is going to happen it should be up to someone to ensure it does happen. Also the booking system should be able to record requests so front desk staff know what has been requested.3. For the European New Years Eve we asked the front desk what was on locally that we could go to and celebrate at. I was told they didnt know as foreign tourists arent their major market. Ironically I rang another hotel we had used previously in Beijing and they gave us a list of activities and also arranged our New Year trip for us free of charge! Surely there must be a central visitor information record of these things that could be posted in the lobby. Even better task a member of staff with good english to keep this up to date and offer some alternatives to all guests looking for things to do. If they sell other peoples tours the commission could even make the hotel some money. Dont get me started on why promote yourself overseas if this is not your market!4. For room service I have no problem paying the price plus an additional service charge. However the adjoining cafe/restaurant also has a 10% service fee for anything ordered, even a soft drink. I thought this could have been built into the price of the item, however the prices are already pretty steep compared with adjoining restaurants. A glass of local beer effectively costs over 30rmb with the services fee, yet a bottle (maybe three glasses) is only 25-35rmb in many local restaurants and as little as 5 rmb at the shop next door. We didnt even have a breakfast which at 68rmb was more than we paid for a meal for two nearby. A main course in the evening (150-190rmb) would have cost us more than we paid for a two course meal with drinks at another restaurant (130rmb).5. When we tried to take taxis from the forecourt they often quoted very high prices before setting off. For example a trip to the drum tower the two taxi drivers in the forecourt wanted 50rmb as a fee. So we walked off and flagged one down outside and paid 18rmb on the meter. It seemed to be a small scam where drivers parked on the foyer charged foreigners excessively.So would I recommend Days Inn Forbidden City to others? Yes, I guess so as it is a good place and has a good team. For most people it will be ideal.I would stay there again if I needed to..	
Dec 24 2008 	Great location	Hi! We stayed at the hotel for a couple of days ,the location is definately very very good, you can spend two days visiting places within walking distance to this hotel. The hotel is new so it was well maintaines ,neat and clean.The only thing which was negative about this hotel was the size of the room,it was quite small,you hardly have place to walk if you have 2-3 luggage with you,the bathroom were nice and big in proportion to the room.	
Dec 22 2008 	Perfect location lovely cosey rooms	I stayed at this hotel about a year ago, when it was still brand new and LOVED it, it was one of my favourite hotel stays ever. I now compare all budget hotels to this one... In fact, on one of the two days I budgeted for sightseeing I got so comfortable under the fluffy duvet, watching the news on the flat screen TV, that I lost track of time and didn't leave the hotel until lunchtime, and didn't even regret it. It instantly felt like my bedroom at home, decorated in the style I like most in a hotel, with crisp white linen, clean neutral carpets, flat screen TV mounted on wall, glass shower door, big mirror... functional and minimalist and not at all kitch or mouldy or over the top. I have to add that this was a small room, more than big enough for one person, but perhaps a bit more cramped for a couple.This was a personal extension to a work trip, so I moved to the much posher Raffles hotel down the road a few days later (on work's expense) and I have to stay I missed the Days Inn which was much cosier! There was the occasional language problem and growing pains as these were the early days of the hotel, I asked for a plug adaptor (for UK plug) on my first evening and they didn't have one or didn't understand me... But they didn't just move on and forget about it: later the same evening, several hours later, they knocked on my door, having sourced one! I was quite touched by the eagerness, actually.Also, I booked the room on the internet and when I called them directly from Dubai to confirm my booking, they didn't understand me at all. But I needn't have worried, when I arrived and showed them the printout of my booking, all was well.Room service was friendly and swift; internet access in the room was free, the breakfast was a bit uninspiring but at this price, I didn't mind at all, there are plenty of eateries in the area.The location is perhaps best of all, right on top of the forbidden city as well as food street, upmarket malls etc - there is a reason why the fancy hotels like Raffles and the Grand Hyatt are located in this district and at the Days Inn you get to experience the area on a budget.Highly recommended!	
Dec 16 2008 	Loved the Days Inn Forbidden City	I just returned from Beijng and the Days Inn Forbidden City is the place to stay... Walking distance from Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City and WangFuJing Street it's a great spot to the those who visit Beijing...The staff is very nice, english friendly and you'll feel like home.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good location small rooms	The location is very good. About 5-10 Minutes walk to either TianAnMen or WangFuJing. Closest subway is TianAnMen Dong, about 5 Minutes away.The location is quite quiet. However, when I was there there was a construction site right next to my Window that started working at 07:00am. After I moved my room to the other side of the building it was OK.The budged rooms are basically below ground level and have very small windows near the ceiling. Means rooms are quite dark. Rooms are also extremely small. But still OK value. On the plus side, the room safe could fit my 13&quot; notebook.The hotel is in OK shape. Staff is very friendly. The breakfast was good, but at RMB68 not exactly cheap.I am not sure if I would stay again. Next time I may stay again in Days Inn Joiest.	
Dec 8 2008 	Can't beat the location	This hotel is in the perfect location to see Beijing. You can easily walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. The hotel itself is adequate and it is only a Days Inn but for a newer property (opened in 2007) it is already falling apart. My shower was leaky and had mildew and the carpet of the room was stained. I've stayed in many worse places but it seems like they cut corners on maintenance and upkeep. The staff was helpful and had decent English. The hotel breakfast is only about $10 a person but my family of four walked down the street each morning to a nearby dumpling restaurant and ate well for $10 total. You can't do better for the location but you can likely do better for the price. If I traveled with family I would likely stay here again. If I was by myself or just with my spouse I would likely look elsewhere.	
Dec 6 2008 	Very nice and comfortable!	I stayed at the Days Inn for 7 nights in October/November 2008.I had a very pleasant stay at the hotel.We had a standard double room at the 3rd floor, we had a nice view over the hutongs from our window.Our room was nice, very modern, normal size. We had one queen bed, not so big, but comfortable.The flat TV - screen only offered 2 english channels, out of 60 channels that were on chinese.Everything in the room was clean, except the floor, there were many hair in the floor and some in the bed too. The hotel offered slippers, we used them so the hair in the floor were not a problem.Breakfast was not included, so we payed for it every morning, it was a little expensive, but they had a big selection so it was worth it, we payed around 70 Yuan per person. The staff was nice and most of them speaked english, great if you want to ask something. We booked a tour to the Great Wall in the reception, I don't remember the price, just that it was quite cheap. The tour was fun, but we only haved 1 ½ hour on the wall, it was too little. I would recommend to hire a cab and do a private tour to the wall instead.The reason for my trip to China, was actually of my mother's 50th birthday... On her birthday, the staff had left a really nice birthday cake in our room, so we got a real surprise when we got back to our room in the evening and discovered a cake! :-)I definitely recommend a stay att the Days Inn hotel, very nice and just 5 minutes to Wang Fu Jing Street and 10 minutes to the Forbidden City. There were always some cabs outside the hotel or on the street... My only complaint about this hotel is about the deposit the hotel wanted the first day when we checked in, I don't know if this is normal in China, but I thinked it was a little strange. The staff said the deposit for one day was 115 yuan, so they asked for 1.000 yuan in deposit for our stay, it's more than 115 per day, so I really don't understand it. But we had to give them 1.000 yuan in deposit, this was not fun, because we could have spend the money on our vacation... we had them back when we checked out, but we were going home then, so you couldn't spend them... that was really stupid, at least I think so... This is the only thing I didn't liked with the hotel, if you're going to stay at this hotel bring some extra yuan for the deposit....!I don't think you're going to regret if you book this hotel, it's great, if you disregard from the deposit!	
Nov 24 2008 	Expectations met	Stayed here for 4 nights with my wife, we found it a pleasant surprise as it was in the perfect location right near both Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping district.The hotel was quite modern and clean, the staff were helpful and overall exceeded our expectations as this is not a 5 star hotel. Our room was on the ground floor and slightly small but quite cosy, everything looks new and modern with everything we needed (no more no less). Only problem in our room was that our window faced the rear of the hotel which is in fact the Hutong area. As such, in the mornings it was quite noisy and we could not open our curtains otherwise people could see in.overall we enjoyed our stay here and could not recommend a better place.	
Nov 24 2008 	Good location but not so good hotel	We stayed at Days Inn Forbidden City in November 2008.The location is really good, about 10 minutes walking from Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.The hotel is not so good.* The room was too hot because of the heater.We asked the staff to adjust it, but nothing was done.We turned off all the heaters of the room by ourselves but the central heater was enough to keep the room hot. We had to open the window to breath.* There was a construction right in front of our room and the workers there used to work at 3:00 am making a lot of noise!* After shower the bathroom was a mess - water on the entire bathroom flor, the box was leaking.* The carpets was dirty.* Breakfast wasn't included and was expensive for what they offer.	
Nov 23 2008 	great staff	near tiananmen square and forbidden city. Rooms could be a little bit bigger and the bathroom door is bad.The staff is very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 20 2008 	Good location but not a great hotel	It looks that Days Inn have tried to go upscale with a pretty hotel. The problem is that it looks already 15 years old. As much as I love China (I spent my last 2 holidays there) it seems that they have the ability to make new things look old and used (see new terminal 3). I am not sure if it is related to the materials they use, to the poor cleaning or just to the mass of people using those facilities...Back to the hotel:Pro:- prefect location: 5 min from Tienanmen and 5 from the main shopping areas- 3 min from the subway stop- nice building- friendly staffContra:- mould in the tiles corners- poor cleaning (possibly material faults) underneeth the sink- dirty plasic-mat in the shower- no heating, so you need to heat up with the aircon (that blows in your face as it is on the top of the bed)- construction site in front of the hotel (we had our first room changed after waking up at 7)- carpet stained in quite a few places- doors do not close properly in the toilets (4cm gap), so your roommate will share your bowel movementsAs said I have changed 2 rooms, and the cleaning remarks above are valid for both of them. My feeling is that with some better materials (easier to clean/mantain) this hotel could have got 5/5, but I can not close an eye on cleanliness.I have the feeling that	
Nov 4 2008 	Super location	It is a really good hotel! Recommended!Pro's are: super location near forbidden city and tianmensquare, ATM available in lobby, friendly staff in lobby, bikes for rent, shower is good, clean rooms.Con's are:expensive breakfast (go to the closest mall and have there your breakfast) and very hard beds (but you can ask the staff for extra blankets so then it is a lot softer)We stayed at Days inn for two times: the first time we had a budget room and the second time a deluxe room. Both rooms were identical in layout, the only difference was the daylight as the budget one was under ground and has little windows.	
Nov 3 2008	Great Location	Excellent locaton.Helpful staffs.Good for the price.The buffet breakfast is good, lots of fruit. Coffee is very strong. But try to get there early (7 am to 8 am is best time.) or else, you might not get a table. The room we stayed for the first week was on the second floor. In the late afternoon, it got stuffy and hot. We asked the maintenace people to fiix the air conditiont, but they told us that the AC has been shut off on all rooms by the central control. They could not help us.The next week, we took the trian to Xian( please beware and don't ever go on the 2nd class. It was a nightmare; 6 bunk beds stucked a very small room, people in the same room with us were loud and rude. They shined their shoes 1 feet away from your face as if you were not there. One man took off all his clothes except his underware and was walking back and forth. The washroom facility in the train was very scary. (Dirty and smelly and no water. We stayed in Xian for 5 days (very polluted city.) The following week we came back to Beijing and stayed in Days Inn for the rest of our vacation. This time, our room was better, but the price was up .Bty, if you visiting Beijing, please make sure that you have tissue or toilet paper with you all the time. Most washrooms in restaurants provide no toiliet paper .	
Oct 29 2008	Excellent Hotel	Great hotel , with very good service , clean rooms - small but very comfortable .The hotel is in the best area , few minutes by walk from Tiannamen and the Forbidden City and the staff is very kind and always is posible to find that at least one of them speack a good English.Service in the desk is good and with a smile .De breackfast is tasteful , with all that's necessary to start the day with a good feeling.I reccomend it for every one , its a great experience with a convenient price .	
Oct 25 2008 	Not a usual Days Inn	Believe me I have been staying in many Days Inn all around California and this is the best ever. Not the usual Days Inn quality but just like a 4 star hotel.The hotel is as is others described on tripadvisor. Very convenient location - 10 mins walk to Wangfujing and Tiananmen; 5 mins walk to MTR station; bus stop right at the corner of the hotel that takes you all the way directly to the Olympic park - just ask the guy at the front desk he will be very happy to help you.We booked through the hotel website for a 2 beds room, which is actually same price for a 1 bed superior room. We already specified that we will be arriving late, only got there after 11pm. Check in was fast and easy, no hassle at all. They gave us a room on the 3rd floor, when we got there we were already tired with all the heavy luggages; when we entered the room, found that there's only 1 bed. So we went back to the loby asking for a 2 beds room (I'm travelling with my mom). They showed us another room on the 1st floor very close to the lobby and said that is the only room for that nite, that is a really small one u can hardly walk after putting all the luggages and it will be very noisy as people are walking back and forth on that corridor. So we went back to the room on 3rd floor and the front desk agree to get us another room the 2nd night. Unlike the reviews here we found the room and the bed really huge!!! plenty of spaces and the most thing that we like about is the *HUGE* bathroom. You can actually put a bed in the bathroom!!! (right we actually think they should make the bathroom smaller and make the room larger!!) See from the picture they even have a large bathtub (can put in 2 persons) which we used daily after long walk everyday in Beijing city and that's just a perfect room for couples! So I guess every room varies, we stayed at #2316 so tell them to get this room if you prefer a larger one. We just love the room so we told them we will just it for the rest of our stay. As for help from front desk, since e knows mandarin so basically we didn't ask them to arrange transportation, but they are nice and friendly. Breakfast is not included for our room but thats fine, we would love to trip local foods around the corner for just $20 rmb for 2 persons rather than the price in the hotel. There's a dumpling restaurant to the north of the hotel which we saw many customers of Days Inn go there for breakfast. Bed is very conformtable unlike other's commented to be hard, we found it and the bedsheet very soft and nice and clean!TV has several channels in English like CNN Bloomberg which I think is enough as you are not there for the TV, but that should be enough to fed you up with world newsHave a business center where you can use the computer for $10rmb for 30 mins, if you have laptops its actually free to go online in the room tho. they provide wireless and cable lan.Slippers are provided but you have to look up in the drawers.There is a really really nice and Chinese style park right next to the hotel. So after a day we always get a walk in the park sit there and relax and you can see many locals relaxing there too.Some held back for this hotel:- One day we tried to ask the front desk guy to arrange taxi for us to go to Dongzhimen; there are 2 taxis always standing by at the hotel (we see them everyday); the hotel staff said we can go and take those taxi. So we went straight to the driver, but they refused to take us (simply becoz the distance is not far away) and told us to take bus and the hotel staff just stood there pretending they know nothing. I guess because we are Chinese they usually will do that to us. If you are foreigners probably will be fine as they will offer you to go some jewelery shopping. But if you don't like that, I suggesst go down to the street, take out your hand and jump into a taxi, they can't refuse if you're already sitting inside the cab!- Since the hotel is right next to some Hutong lived with locals they usually wake up very early - like 5 in the morning, They usually talk loud with neighbors so sometimes its a bit noisy even you don't open the windows- TV is kind of small comparable to the size of the room; but as I said, we dont come here for TV, so its fine- Not enough light in the room, very dim all the time. But that's not a big problem we don't stay there all the timeAll in all it's a nice hotel, we definately will stay there again. But be warned that:- if you need a 2 beds room, call them ahead to make sure you get the one on 3rd floor. - Don't try to stay on 1st floor as it will be very noisy. For this price you can't ask for more.	
Oct 10 2008	Conveniently located	Convenient location near Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square and Wangfujing Street. 5-min walk to Tiananmen East Metro Station. There are bicycles for rent - this is useful as Beijing is monumental in scale.Note that the cheapest web rates are for the basement rooms. They are a little small and dark but if you are out sightseeing the whole day, you'll only need a clean place to sleep. Breakfast is also at included at the cheapest rate, but there are lots of places within walking distance. The ATM machine in the lobby is also useful to have.	
Oct 7 2008 	Close Proximity to Tian'anmen. Safe area	I stayed at the Days Inn Beijing for 4 days during the Chinese national holiday week. A definite plus point is the close proximity to Tian'anmen Plaza and the Forbidden City. Also, the major shopping street - Wangfujing Street is just a main street away. Centrally located between historic sights and between 2 subway stations makes it easier to commute to other places of interest like Summer Place. To Temple of Heaven there is a direct bus no.60 outside the hotel. At night there would be a guard patrolling the main entrance of the hotel, enhancing safety. For the price paid nightly, it was good value for the location and services offered by the hotel staff. Hotel offered day trips that were of reasonable pricing and bikes could be rented as well. Enjoyed my stay thoroughly!	
Sep 25 2008	Made in China...	The location is really good. And the rooms are quiet. The staff is friendly. And you can rent bikes (very small mountain bikes). The room looks nice. But it is made in China ... after 2 years everything is a little bit run down (the shower's door fall down, the carpets are dirty). But the service is good: they fixed the door within minutes ...If you choose the budget rooms like me you should know that the rooms are in the cellar, with only a small window and that they are quiet wet. I am not sure if it is good for your health if you cannot stand mouldy rooms. But in sum it was a nice stay (for not two much money).	
Sep 18 2008 	Lovely hotel Great Location	We stayed in the Days Inn hotel in September for 3 nights. Overall, we had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is in a great location, really central and just a few minutes walk to the main sites. The room was really modern with a big bathroom and a great shower - although the bed was quite small and hard. Breakfast wasn't included in our rate. We paid for it one morning but it wasnt really worth the price. There's a shopping centre 5 minutes walk from the hotel with loads of choice for breakfast cafes. A word of warning on the hotel Great Wall tours - they stop at Jade factories (or similar) and are not direct so you may be better doing this independently (we did and was very easy to organise). Staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful. Internet access was useful.	
Sep 15 2008 	Perfect for my needs	I booked the hotel through their website. Before I arrived they were very helpful in providing information and a letter of confirmation for my visa. As I was arriving after 6pm I had provided the hotel with my credit card details to secure the booking (nothing deducted from it). On arrival, check in was quick and I was shown to my room which was clean. At check in they took my credit card and took the cost of the room for the 4 nights as well as a deposit. They didn't actually put this through which I discovered at Check out - a little confusing but seemed ok. (5 days later no charges at all have registered on my credit card.)I had booked a deluxe Queen Room. I was on my own so the size of the room didn't matter, but I imagine it would be quite cozy with 2 especially with luggage. The bed was definitely a double size rather than queen. The linen and towels in the bathroom were good quality which I appreciated. The bathroom was pretty clean a few stains in the corners which didn't bother me at all. The shower was great with awesome pressure - something so many hotels in this price range don't have! They provided essentials such as toothbrush, comb, shampoo etc and slippers in the closet . There is also a safe in the closet which I found very useful. The room requires you to put the key in a slot to operate electricity which I think is great as it means lights and air con aren't on when the rooms not in use. The air con was effective but was a little noisy when it first started up. There was a mini bar in the room with drinks and chocolates but as with all minibars it was overpriced in comparison with local prices - but still nice to have access to. The hotel provides free bottled water daily.There is a pleasant courtyard out the front with a nice area to sit. Beware of the mosquitos at night though! One day I actually left my camera out there by accident and when I realized a few hours later one of the maintenance workers had handed it in to reception to my great relief. I really appreciated their honesty.I would advise to avoid the hotel restaurant at all costs! I was really tired one night and ordered a grilled chicken burger there only to get a very fatty fried thing that was almost inedible and very expensive. Also, breakfast wasn't included in my rate and one morning I paid 68Y for breakfast which was ok but very expensive. The food is a mix of western and chinese food.The location is what is the best thing about this hotel - walking distance to so many wonderful sights in Beijing. There is a lovely little park which you can walk through to reach the Forbidden City and in the morning locals were exercising there.Overall I would recommend the hotel, but I would not book through the website as I believe there are better deals to be had through other sites at the last minute.The photos on the hotels website are a true representation of the room I stayed in - although there were no rose petals for me!	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Location Great Value	This hotel was in a great spot. Near Forbidden City and a walk to restaurants and shopping. Near a subway stop too which is not a bad way to get around. Stayed in basement room. Very clean, nice basic amenities. My only complaint was that some people were loading bricks on to a truck at 4 in the AM and it was impossible to sleep that night. The staff didnt do anything about it. Maybe they couldn't. They had a decent buffet breakfast but overpriced by Beijing standards. Overall, assuming the contruction nearby is done now I would recomment the place.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good place to stay for its location - room can be better	This was our first accommodation in a month long travel in China. We booked it direct via the Days Inn website and checked where it is on their map, although it took us a long time to find it as we didn't expect the roads to be so far apart in China (everything in China is big!). The location was great though as it was a street away from Frobidden City on one side and the Shopping Street (Wangfu Jin?) on the other side. Both around 5 mins walk. We stayed at the lower priced room which is on the basement level of a separate building so if you want light, you might want to pay a bit extra. There were construction noises every morning as they seemed to be just digging the front area of building for no reason - but apart from that, the hotel is located off the main road so it is quiet-ish. The room was ok with aircon - our first room air con broke and they changed us into another room after the DIY man couldn't fix it. The bathroom is separated by sliding door so not much privacy but the interior was nice.Staff at reception couldn't speak much English but that seems to be the norm every where in China still.Had dinner 1 night in their restaurant - nothing to rave on about.Overall, it was good price for the location as it right next door to the main attractions in Beijing and subway was close by.	
Aug 12 2008 	Top European quality	We stayed a week in this hotel and were very surprised about the design, equipment and cleanness of it. It would be a great choice in any major European cities - not to talk about the outstanding quality it represented in this geographical context. It is located perfectly in the center, still very quite.	
Jul 24 2008 	Loved it	I spent five nights here in May 2008 and was very impressed - quite possibly the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, and for the cheapest I've ever paid too. We booked through hotelclub.net as it was the only site we could find with availability for this particular hotel for the dates we wanted. In the small print it said if we checked in late, the room wouldn't be held for us. Realising we'd be checking in some time around midnight we tried to sort this out with hotelclub who basically didn't care and told us to contact the hotel ourselves directly, which, in hindsight, given the level of english spoken by the hotel staff, probably would've caused more problems.Anyhow we turned up at about midnight and checked in without any problems - the reception staff were all very friendly and helpful. As we were expecting our onward train tickets to be delivered sometime during our stay, they were very helpful taking messages for us from the train company and then holding the tickets for us at reception when they did finally turn up. They only speak very basic english but compared with everyone else in Beijing they're practically fluent.The room was of a good size, very clean and to a high standard - quite boutiquey like other people have said. Very nice bathroom with gorgeous walk in shower and a whole range of complimentary toiletries from soaps, toothbrushes and intrigueingly named &quot;ladies bag&quot;. They also provide slippers - they're in the drawers in the wardrobe which was tucked away behind the bathroom door. If i hadn't read about them on here I never would've thought to look for them. There's a desk with small kettle, coffee and tea and mineral water, and a flat screen tv with plenty of channels.The only mildly annoying things about the room was that the bed (yes, quite hard) was pushed against a wall so if there's two of you, one needs to crawl in from the bottom. Also, this amazingly done room didn't have a window. Not exactly a necessity but it meant we didn't really know what time it was in the morning, or what the weather was doing. Breakfast is an extra 60 RMB and really not worth the price, even if you're like me and have a funny thing for hotel buffet breakfasts. Many chinese dishes, some baked beans (hard and strangely shaped in a watery sauce), breads and pastries, and a man at an omlette station who happily fried me two eggs in lots of oil. We didn't get there til about 9:30am and by that time the place was a mess - food everywhere and a lot of things had run out. The shopping centre just across from the hotel on Wangfujing Street has a basement food court, and there are plenty cheaper breakfast options there - a supermarket, cafes and a starbucks. (hint: if you're leaving early, don't count on the supermarket - it doesn't open til 9:30am despite it being right next to a rush hour subway stop)As others have mentioned, taxi driver's arent familliar with the hotel, but they all know the Beijing Hotel which is around the corner. As the hotel is set in it's own courtyard, you have to walk out onto the street to hail a taxi, although the hotel staff don't mind doing this for you, even in the pouring rain. On the really rainy days they even had umbrellas for you to borrow - for free as well. Also in the reception is a board where they post the times for the flag raising and lowering in Tianamen Square, as well as the weather forecast for the next day. Great location too, about a 10 min walk from Tianamen Square, Wangfujing Street and the nearest subway stop. Would definitely recommend.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great deal	After a business trip Beijing, I wanted to stay a few more days to do some sight seeing, but couldn't afford the business hotel rates. This hotel was a terrific bargain! It's not luxurious, but the location and price are right!I decided on one of the cheapest rooms on the basement level. I had read ahead of time that these only had the tiny basement window, so I wasn't surprised by it. If I hadn't known that ahead of time, I probably would have been upset. I went with the lower rates so I could spend more money on touring. The sheets were clean and new (I'm picky about that) and the towels were clean. The carpet had some stains, but slippers are provided. The bathroom was very clean, but needed some new caulking to make it look cleaner.The staff speaks good and is very service oriented. They very helpful and friendly.The internet is cheap to use (10 RMB for 30 minutes) and the tvs in the room are quite nice. Lots of channels are available.The location is the real reason I booked this hotel. It is walking distance to the Forbidden City and big shopping streets as well as lots of restaurants. I was so happy I made the choice to stay here.I booked a Hutong tour through the front desk. A taxi picked me up and brought me to the Drum Tour. A guide then accompanied me on a pedicab tour of the Hutong and we stopped at two homes. I was happier doing that tour through the desk rather than negotiate that on my own. For other tours, I booked a personal tour guide so I could go on my own pace.	
Jul 18 2008 	I would pay more for this hotel!	I loved this hotel. It's 3 min walk to Forbidden city and 5 min walk to the main shopping street.The room was spacious and very modern and clean. Staff was friendly and helpfull.The hotel is not big, boutique. Hightly recommend it to everyone.You can book directly, remember to negotiate the price!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great choice!	My experience with the Days Inn Forbidden City was excellent. I stayed there while on a trip in February, and highly recommend it if you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel with decent amenities in a great location. I arrived late at night after a delayed flight, but the cab driver did not have any problem at all finding the hotel, and I did not have any problems checking in. Do be sure to print out the address in Chinese characters before leaving, as most cab drivers do not speak English. You can copy and paste it from the Chinese version of the website. Many of the hotel staff also did not speak much English, but there was always one person at the front desk who was proficient, so it was never really a problem for me. This hotel is far from luxurious, but was clean, comfortable, had free high-speed internet, and is in a fabulous location -- walking distance to most major tourist attractions. The staff are also very helpful -- they called a cab to come take me back to the airport when I was leaving, and helped me with daily itineraries and booking a trip to the Great Wall. My only complaints are as follows:1. The hotel seemed to be under construction while I was there, which caused a lot of noise, dust, etc. Not a huge deal but kind of annoying.2. I booked a trip to the Great Wall through them, and decided on the cheapest option -- a small group tour which was about $25 for the full day and included lunch. They told me it would not include the tourist trap diversions my guide book warned me about , side trips to a jade factory and a &quot;traditional Chinese medicine&quot; demonstration -- scams, essentially. But, it did. This was frustrating as it detracted from the experience of the Great Wall, and if I had known we would be taken to these places, I would have chosen a different option. I wish that the Days Inn worked with a more legitimate tour agency. But that is my only major complaint and would still recommend that people stay here -- just not use them when booking tours!	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic!	I cannot imagine a better hotel for the money in Beijing. First off, if you're from the States, don't think of this as a typical Days Inn. It's much more like a stylish boutique hotel. PRICE - Excellent. It's not a five star hotel, but you're also not paying 5-star (or even 4-star) prices. Great deal for the money.LOCATION - Perfect! Right smack in the middle of everything, on a quiet street, right next to a nice hutong. Walking distance to the Forbidden City, night food market and shopping street. Arguably a better location than the expensive 5-stars.ROOM - Small, but it's Asia. There were some slight stains on the carpet, but I wasn't rolling around on it. The bed is hard, but I haven't found a bed in China that's not. Modern amenities.BREAKFAST BUFFET - Excellent.SERVICE - Here's where this hotel skyrockets in quality. The service was absolutely fantastic. Almost everybody at the front desk can speak English fairly well. Everybody is very nice and well-trained in hospitality. They also go above and beyond the standard services. Here's a perfect example of how great the service in this hotel is: Moments before I left for my trip to China, my laptop unexpectedly crashed and went into a coma (thank you, Microsoft Vista). Since I was on business, it was crucial that I brought my laptop, and I needed to get it up and running. The IT Manager, and Ricky (the assistant manager) spent hours of their time helping me, and ultimately helped to solve the problem. When was the last time you heard of a Days Inn even having an IT Manager?Excellent experience, and the only hotel I will stay at in Beijing.	
Jun 21 2008 	Good price/quality/location ratio	I stayed there over a week in May 2008. Great location, just a few minutes walk to the Tiananman Square or to the famous shopping area - Wangfunjing Street in oposite direction. It is located next to the Forbidden City side gates. Wanderful park paths just for nice walk directly to the Forbidden City main entrance. The English-speaking stuff is nice and helpful. You can let them organise visits to the most famous places in Beijing and around it. The air conditioned rooms are clean and comfortable with reasonably big bathrooms. You can expect avarege breakfast with some Chinese and Continetal food. Huge advantage of the hotel is free WiFi Internet access!Pros:- Great location- English speaking stuff- free WiFi Internet accessCons:- Breakfast and restaurant food could be better (limited food assortment)	
Jun 17 2008 	Good location and nice clean hotel	This hotel is really quite nice and a great value. The rooms are better than I was expecting - not very large, but nicely done. Hotel staff is very friendly, but a bit busy and english is not that strong. Location is fantastic! You can walk to shopping (just to the west one block) and Tianamen Square etc. There is a great little dumpling store - go out to the main street and turn left. It's about 1/2 a block down the road on your left. Teh dumpling menu is all in chinese, but they are great and very cheap - just try your luck or the staff will help translate (sort of). Two things to watch for: 1 - the hotel will arrange tours for you, but they have a very restricted offering and they will not do anything beyond what they offer. For instance, they only go to two places on the great wall they would not arrange a car for the day unless we went to one of those. Later, we wanted to arrange a performance for some arcobatics, but when it became clear that we did not want to go to the their &quot;sponsored&quot; place, the staff person (Gary) refused to help us and became quite rude. So, if you want to do anything outside of their few selected (and more touristy / overrun) attractions, make your own arrangements before hand. 2 - a lot of taxi drivers do not know the location. So, print a map and make sure you know more or less where it is. This may improve over time as the hotel becomes more known. Overall, a great place considering the price and would stay there again anytime.	
Jun 4 2008 	Perfect Tourist Hotel	This hotel is only a year old at this point, so the only real problem it had was that the cabbies didn't know exactly where it was and they don't normally speak English. They usually get close enough so that you can point to it, though.The rooms are big enough to be comfortable in, but not huge. We did live out of our suitcases because there didn't seem to be enough drawer space. No biggie for us, but you might not like that. It was very clean and our view from the third floor looked down on the hutong and Imperial Archives.The breakfast included with the room includes noodles, rice, fruits, vegetables, breads, cereals and an omlette bar. Sometimes even french toast or pancakes. The coffee was very good.The location is fantastic for the tourist. The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square are just a short 3 or 4 minute walk, and you can get there by walking through the beautifully manicured Imperial Gardens.The staff was very easy to deal with. We booked three tours through them, and once used their very affordable internet service. We had a great time, and I credit this hotel with at least part of our experience.	
May 29 2008 	hmmm not impressed Budget Hotel	We decided on this hotel due to Price, location, and the ability to go to their web site to make a reservation. I made a note on the reservation that we did have a late flight and our check in would be after 10pm. I used my Credit card to hold the room. Unfortunately they didnt read the notes, 2 rooms with twin beds were NOT reserved when we arrived after 11pm. It was a good thing that our tour package included a guide and van pick up from the airport and our tour guide spoke chinese and discussed things with the front desk. Their english is not as good as I expected. We ended up in the Budget rooms in the basement. Fairly clean, dirty floors were expected, and not so clean tile in bathroom. Rooms were very small. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast, the price was a bit more than what we understood from reviews, no biggie, but when I left the buffet to get my daughter and came back, just to sip coffee while she ate, they charged me again for breakfast... absolutely would not have happened if there was no language barrier. After you argue for 30 minutes, you tend to give up. It was definately BUDGET hotel, but once you get your bearings, the location is very close to Tianamen square/Forbidden city, and in the other direction Wangfujing shopping area.	
May 27 2008	good hotel - avoid travel office	Overall my stay at this hotel was excellent. good location,staff and rooms. I would suggest though that you avoid the airline ticket office as the woman there had no clue at all and was unable to book a simple Beijing - Hong Kong ticket after two hours. i walked around the corner to the Beijing Hotel where they did it in 5 minutes with no hassle.	
May 25 2008 	Could not check-out fast enough	Drove down unappealing alley to Hotel which Taxi driver had difficulty finding. Our first room was extremely small leaving little room for our luggage. Although the bed was made, the worn carpeted floor was littered with dirt and the tiled bathroom floor was dirty and slimy. We demanded and were taken to another room which they described as a VIP room. This &quot;VIP&quot; room, although slighlty larger than first room and containing a king bed,, rather than the queen bed in the first room, offered a spectacular view of the rear of local bar or warehouse just a few feet away. In the approximate 10 feet between our window and the adjoining building were stacked crates of beer bottles, both used and unopened. I guess thats what they call local &quot;flavor&quot;. My girlfriend was miserable (so was I) and so that night we took a ride to visit friends who were staying at the nearby Howard Johnson Paragon Hotel. I went to the Front Desk and was offered and shown a wonderful Executive floor room on the top floor which including admission to the executive lounge, full breakfast in the executive lounge or Atrium Restaurant, internet, etc. cost a total of approximately $90 USD per night. The following morning we fled the Days Inn and checked into the Paragon where we had a truly wonderful stay for about the same total price (including breakfast) as we would have paid at the Days Inn. Only advantage of the Days Inn is that it is very clost walk to Forbidden City, but with taxi fares being so incredibly cheap in Beijing and indeed all of China, dont even think about staying at the Days Inn. Moreover, dont rely on Tripadvisor rating, it is unreliable for this hotel	
May 15 2008 	Fantastic hotel for English-speakers GREAT location	This is a great choice for a mid-level hotel in Beijing. The rooms are clean (bathrooms are really nice). If you want to explore the city and use your room for showering and sleeping, this is the place. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Not many people speak English in Beijing....there was always at least one fluent English-speaker at the front desk. The rates are reasonable and the location is ideal. VERY close to Forbidden city, Tianamen Square and a subway stop that can take you anywhere in the city! I highly recommend this hotel for your time in Beijing.	
May 5 2008 	Excellent location and good rates	Highly recommended. Excellent hotel, with good rates and clean, comfortable, rooms. Very central location, near to the Forbidden City. Midway between the Tiananmen Dong and Wangfujing line 1 subway stations. Entrance is just west of Naneyan Dajie, just a short walk north of Dongchang'an Jie.	
May 4 2008 	Great location good value	Perfect location for sites since it right next to the Forbidden City/Tienanmen Square. There's also a popular shopping street about a block to the east and a night market for food. The pictures don't do the place justice. I had low expectations for the place, and just booked it because of the price. Was pleasantly surprised by the interior and it looks like they've renovated it recently. Staff was helpful arranging tours and shows for us.	
Apr 26 2008	Great hotel for budget traveller	I must say that with the price, both the location and comfort cannot be beat. This hotel is new, and it looks and feels new, The room is nicely decorated and understated. Fast speed free internet connection, although you might have problem with the WIFI depending on which floor you are on, but you can always connect using the LAN cable provided. This hotel is not as hard to find as I thought it would be. It is just 5 mins walk to everything!!!!!!! This hotel has a nice courtyard too, great to just sit down there and enjoy the tranquility in the midst of the bustling city.Book this hotel you will not regret.	
Apr 8 2008	NOT BAD AT ALL	We stayed at the Days Inn 5 nights recentley and must say that this hotel is not bad at all. The location is excellent, the staff very helpful and friendly, very good buffet breakfast and the deluxe king room superb.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 4 2008 	Graet Hotel	We stayed at this hotel just 2 weeks ago and were very pleased. The hotel has a great location, food is excellent (prices are very reasonable) and the rooms are very clean. Also, the hotel staff was very helpfull.They even arranged our train ticket to Xi`an for less than 3 euro commision. I definetly recommend this hotel as a great place to stay while in Beijing.	
Apr 2 2008 	Not a Bad Hotel	Stayed at Days Inn for 6 days from March 26 through April 1 2008.Our Room was a little on the small side (wev'e had bigger rooms in HK) but it was adequete. The toilet ponged a little sometimes through bad drains, but in general the hotel was okay. I booked this Hotel because of the reviews and its proximity, and have to say that in general it was a good decision. The front desk staff were very helpful, particularly Sabrina, she has a great command of English and was happy to help with any problems or just offer advice. Breakfast buffett was good value, but the waiters and waitresses were not so efficient. The hotel is within walking distance for the Forbidden City, Subway and Wanfujing Street. The Outback Steak House is located inside the Beijing Hotel which is about a five minute walk in the direction of Wanfujing Street for those who need some really good Western food. Yes this Hotel lives up to it's previous reviews, and is good value for those on a budget.	
Mar 31 2008	More Than Just a Name	Don't let the name fool you, this is unlike any Days Inn you've probably ever seen. We booked this trip with Gate 1 Travel and were very pleased. The hotel is brand new, just opened in October 2007.The rooms have very modern furniture, a flat screen TV, free high speed internet, huge shower, and are very clean. The location is perfect; just a few minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square. There is a huge shopping center just a couple blocks away and several authentic Chinese restaurants literally steps away. We felt totally safe at all hours too.We had a hot American style buffet breakfast every day including an omelet station. What Days Inn back in the States has an omelet station? There was always someone who spoke English on the staff and they were super helpful with any request we had. Honestly, this hotel was nicer than many Hilton's I've stayed in. I would definitely recommend it for just about any visitor. My only gripe is that the bed was pretty hard. It didn't seem to matter too much after a long day of walking to see the sights but as far as softness goes, the bed did bear a similarity to the carpeted floor. Other tips if you choose to stay here:We did the Great Wall tour offered by the hotel. You might want to plan a different one, or just pay a cab to take you. There were two unnecessary stops to see &quot;tours&quot; of &quot;factories&quot; that make jade and pottery. This was nothing more than forced shopping excursions which ultimately limited the time at the Great Wall.Since the hotel is new, most cab drivers don't know where it is. The hotel will give you a card, but that won't help much. Have the staff write the major cross streets for you on the card and cab drivers can find it much easier.	
Mar 26 2008	Nice place... Nice people	This is a great bargain. Yes, the rooms are a little small and take some hangars with you but it was clean, quiet and comfortable. Save money on travelers checks.. you'll have to go to the bank to cash them and there's an ATM in the hotel lobby that gives you all the Yuang you need at a competitive rate. The tour people at the desk are wonderful.. especially Sabrina! I suggest, however, that you get a cab to and from the hotel.. it should run you around Y100. If you book the hotels car it is Y150.I highly recommend the Li Family Restaurant but make your reservations at least three weeks ahead. It's called Li Jai Cai at 11 Yangang, deshengmen wai hutong, phone [--]. Dinner will run about Y200 ($28 u.s.) or Y300. It is wonderful.Oh, and if you want olympic baseball hats to take home you should be able to get them easily for $1 each or Y70.	
Mar 25 2008 	Problem Solving Staff In A Bargain Of A Hotel	This hotel had it problems but it is definitely a bargain. The rooms are a little worn and our first room reaked of sewage. The friendly staff moved us to another room as quickly as they could. The front desk is very helpful with almost everything. Beds are more like boxsprings than mattresses but I heard many rooms in Beijing are like this. If you get a taxi chances are they won't know where the hotel is, but just have them drop you off around the corner at the Grand Beijing Hotel. The Forbidden City and Tianeman Square are within easy walking distance and a metro stop is also close. I saw rates as low as $40 a night on some web sites, making this a can't miss deal. The hotel was booked to capacity so book early. This is a solid two and a half star hotel maybe even a three in my book(on a scale of four). This hotel is by no means luxurious or flashy. It's a good decent hotel in a fantastic location. May not be for the finicky or hard to please traveler. My friend was in a deluxe room which was definitley a little nicer than mine. I was extremely pleased with the hotel and bang for buck.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great little hotel!	Location: excellent- 5 minute walk to the Forbidden City, the major shopping district, and a subway station. Always easy to hail a cab as well, even if the front desk wants to persuade you to 'book a car' through them- don't bother.Room: Being a new hotel, the rooms are in good shape. The beds are typically Chinese- very hard! Free internet was a good thing here, too. We had no issues with hearing other rooms. There's an in-room safe, and the closet is very small. The only complaint is that the hotel smelled of chemicals- like carpet glue or something, which I imagine is because the hotel is so new. Opening the room window was enough to solve this issue, though. It was also nice to get free water in the room and the bathroom products were more than I got at a lot of other hotels in China.Service: We had no issues with service- the English at the front desk is quite good. The same cannot be said of housekeeping, but we always managed to creatively communicate. The desk staff were also helpful in writing our destinations in Chinese for our cab drivers- I would highly reccomend this to anyone traveling by cab. It was nearly impossible to instruct the drivers otherwise.I would definitely recommend staying in this hotel. I also booked through the Days Inn site and managed to get a really good rate online.	
Mar 23 2008 	Best Choice for Beijing	There are several options for Beijing hotels - a giant Marriott etc, a Chinese hotel, a hutong courtyard-style place.We loved the idea of a hutong hotel, but worried about picking a bad one (the ones widely recommended seem to be permanently booked). Big hotels don't appeal to us and are too expensive if well-located.We settled on the Days Inn Forbidden City and we can't say enough good things about it. The price was great ($75 for a queen bed - didn't see the cheaper basement rooms, but really, don't do that to yourself) and the location can't be beat. This hotel is literally a 3 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City entrance. It is 2 minutes walk to the Line 1 subway (Tiananmen East stop), and a 10 minute walk to the Wangfujing shopping street.Cabbies had no trouble finding it (the hotel will give you a card with directions in Chinese).Rooms were a bit small and had no bar fridge, but had 2-person shower, snazzy vessel sink, flat TVs with CNN (occasionally censored ;)), AC, free coffee and tea and 2 bottles of water a day.The beds were firm in a good way, and the linens immaculate.The hotel feels about 2 years old at most, the desk staff speak english, there is a currency changing machine and internet access in the lobby, the cafe has a great-but-pricey Western breakfast (we love Chinese food, but it's nice to have a familiar breakfast to start the day, no?)They arranged a car to take us to the airport for a decent price too.Book via the main Days Inn website, not hotels.com etc, as there is no savings. Note, though, that the maps on the website and most website like Venere are really wrong. It is north of the main East-west street with the subway line 1 under it (can't remember the name), just off Nanwanzey, to the east of Forbidden City. The maps show it as west, near a small lake, which is wrong. It is just around the corner from Raffles.	
Mar 15 2008	Location! Location! Location!	We stayed in a deluxe room from 10-15 March. We found the room to be very comfortable (though the bathroom had a smell). The staff were very accomodating- provided us with a powerboard wthat could be used for our DVD player, phone chargers etc; turned off the radiator which was making the room uncomfortably warm; extra towels/hangers ... For the price we paid (428RMB/nite), it was a real steal. There is a fabulous machine in the lobby that converted major currencies into RMB, so you don't worry about not having enough RMB. The rate I got for exchanging USD to RMB was current and very reasonable.	
Mar 10 2008 	Good Feel	I have stayed in a lot of Days Inn in the States so I felt as it was my first trip to China i would stay somewhere familiar, it turned out to be a good decision I found the Inn to be modern and the rooms clean and tidy , the only small complaint was the bed was a bit on the hard side, also no fridge in the room, mind you with -10 outside placing food etc on the window sill did the job.The restaurant was good and the buffet breakfast had a good variety with bacon , chicken sausages, egg station , toast and muffins etc along with the standard Chinese food , the prices were good $10NZD, also you could buy filled bread rolls and sandwiches for $2.50NZD.Most of the reception staff spoke reasonable english and were happy to assit where ever possible.I had all of my dinners at a small local diner about 2 minutes walk away , it had a lot of locals eating there, the menu had photo,s of the meals and the waitress spoke a little english, had a plate of Pork ribs, plate of pork strips and peppers , bowl of Hot and Sour soup , 4 bottles of beer (500 ml) with a friend cost $14.00 NZD.Even though I had no time for sightseeing , the people I spoke to who were staying there said it was close to most of the major places to visit.All in all a very good visit and I will certainly stay there again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Comfortable Stay!	This hotel is a very basic hotel, as any Days Inn hotel. It is a very central hotel to visit the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square and Wangfujing street and its surroundings. The rooms are very small and almost no closet space. I actually thought there wasn't any till I moved the sliding door. The bed is very comfortable and the sheets are high quality. It serves great as a base hotel to get around the city. There were stores around to pick up some drinks and snacks. I only had the breakfast once at the cafe and didn't think it was worth the money. We got down there a little late, that is why there was not much choices left. The rooms I think need a small refrigerator, I have never stayed at any hotel where there was not one available for use. I had to keeps my drinks outside of my window in order to keep it cold. The front desk spoke english very well and answered any questions that I had. The bathroom are an adequate size in my opinion. I know that some said there are small, but they have a sink, shower and toilet what else do you need. Also, the heating system worked very well. The room stayed very warm. I actually had to close the radiators a couple of times because it would get to warm. This has nothing to do with the hotel, but be aware of the first store that is close to the hotel. The store is the first one that you encounter once you exit the hotel and get the street and make a left. They overcharged us twice for drinks and some snacks til we realized he was overcharging us by a lot. The average prices for any drink should be between 3-5 bucks. I stopped going there and walked across the street to the other store and bought stuff there. This store has their drinks on there window display.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great little motel	Great little hotel the size of an Aussie motel. Quite clean though the bathrooms seemed a bit worn. Which was weird as the hotel is relatively new. At least one staff member will speak English and as female staying on my own I always felt safe. Small restaurant, make a decent coffee. The breakfasts are basic but filling and offer a mix of traditional chinese foods and western produce, Loved the dumplings. Location wise it is a 10 minute walk to the forbidden city and tianmen sq. It is also only a 10 minute walk to one of the large shopping malls and some still standing hutongs. The hotel provides address cards so there was never a problem catching a cab to and from the hotel unless of course the cab tried to not use the metre. Which by the way is illegal.It is a basic but clean hotel and if that is your expectation you won't be disappointed. The only area it could benefit in is in teaching more of the staff some english particularly as the olympics are just around the corner. And a small fridge in the room wouldn't go astray.	
Feb 12 2008 	Very enjoyable stay	We have just returned from Beijing where we took ourselves and my mother to see the Great Wall of China. We visited over the Chinese New Year and decided to stay here based on value and its central location.The only negative point to make is in actually finding the hotel - Taxi drivers simply do not know it exists and even with the card given by the hotel difficulties still arise. By way of advice, I would suggest guests take a tourist map so they can clearly direct the driver.Aside from this, our stay was excellent. The rooms were faultless, warm and welcoming with temperatures reaching -10 degrees Celsius outside. Breakfast was perfectly good with a choice of eggs and a buffet of fruit and bacon, dim sum etc. The hotel bar was one of the cheapest places for a beer that we could find and the service always friendly although no real ambience. The staff were very helpful to the point that they even stood out in the cold to hail us a taxi on two occasions and even walked to the supermarket to fetch us a few beers when we arrived at 1am on New Years morning as it was too late to go out and the hotel bar had closed.Staff always greeted us with a smile and booked us a tour to the great wall which was excellent and recommended, although this may change with the seasons - There was just the three of us and one other in the minibus which was perfect.The front desk did come close to being pushy on a few occasions with tours and cars around town where commission was clearly at stake which is frustrating but not unusual.All in all a great 1st time visit to Beijing made better by a comfortable place to stay in a location that allowed us to see things quickly in the bitter cold before retreating to the warmth of our rooms. If visiting Beijing again, we would stay here without question and would recommend to others.	
Jan 29 2008	Excellent hotel perfect location	We stayed at Days Inn Forbidden City from 28th December 07 to 4th January 08. The Hotel should be rated better than 3* It's still has a brand new feel, exceptionally clean and provides good service. The breakfast buffet was very good with a good variety of cereals, cakes, fried vegetables, etc. The rooms are cosy, not large with nice and clean bathroom, LCD TV and huge double beds.The staff is very friendly and just can't do enough for you but they still need to get some experience as they all seem new to their jobs. Their language skills need some improvement too.The Hotel is at an exceptionally perfect location. Both Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City are 3-5 minutes walk away so is a busy shopping street with a huge mall with various international restaurants if you get tired of Chinese food.If I returned to Beijing at any time I would definitely book this hotel again.	
Jan 6 2008	Great hotel and fab location	We really enjoyed our stay in this new hotel in December 2007. Its location is ideal for Tian'anmen Sq and the Forbidden City- possibly the closest hotel and a short walk from shopping zone and metro and taxi ride from pearl market,west train station and summer palace and was probably the best value hotel during our trip.Our room was bright,modern, simple, elegant and spotless with the most comfortable bed and best shower (separate cubicle and powerful shower unlike other hotels) we had during our tour. It was also quiet as the hotel is set around a courtyard set back from the street. The staff (especially Ricky Gao) were unfailingly polite, pleasant and helpful despite being very busy at times. They will arrange tours and trips but to save money I used lonely planet and they were very obliging in helping me to organise this by telephoning taxis,theatres etc and translating. They also suggested to us that other guests/fellow budget travellers were planning a trip to jinshanling so we might save more money in a people carrier taxi so we had great company, fun and an affordable trip to the more distant section of the Great Wall.The breakfast and room service are charged separately-annoying but this is the norm in China and the breakfast was very good. The hotel restaurant is good but so too is the independent restaurant across the courtyard. It doesn't have the menu in english (yet) but dont be put off I picked by pointing at pics and the food was delicious -way better than the well known and much more expensive restaurants nearby.	
Dec 20 2007 	Value for money	The room is adequately small and clean. The heater in the room is warm and comfortable in the cold weather, even the bathroom felt warm as there was a heater in the bathroom too. The deluxe room view on the 3rd floor was beautiful especially when it snowed on one of the mornings. The location of the hotel is extremely convenient - walking distance to the major attractions in the city. The room service of the hotel is quite efficient, as we had called up to request for adaptors for our handphone charges.We are very satisfied with our stay and will definitely come back to this hotel is we visit Beijing again.	
Dec 16 2007 	A Nice Small Hotel	Stayed 4 nights in this newly opened hotel.The street name on the map from the hotel website is not correct. Most cab drivers dont know how to go to this place. Must tell the drivers that the hotel is at the back of BeijingHotel. Then look for the small yellow sign. Location of the hotelis good. 10 minutes walk to Grand Hyatt where there is a elegant shopping mall including supermarket &quot;Ole&quot;.Since the main entrance is inside an alley, need to walk to themain street to catch a cab (the walk is less than 1 minute). Or youmay ask hotel staffs to get you a cab.Front desk staffs speak good English and very freindly andhelpful.Room has basically everything except there is no mini fridge.Buffet breakfast does not have a lot of variety but it is OK for afew days stay. Like mist hotels in the big cities in China, two bottles of water provided each day free of charge.Will return to this hotel unless they are not doing the rapair andmaintenance work properly	
Dec 5 2007 	Fantastic Cosy Little Hotel	We searched nearly all the hotels in DongCheng before deciding on Days Inn Forbidden City. The hotel is actually on the East side of Forbidden City rather than west side which is exactly what we want. Most locals are not aware that there is this new hotel just next to Forbidden city. It is literally 5 minutes walk to the main entrance of Forbidden city and 5 minutes walk to Wanfujian Street. The hotel staff are really friendly and helpful. Let's assure that they know all the places in Beijing. If you let them know that you really want to try out what locals eat or where they normally go for shopping, they will have more suggestions for you. This is exactly what we are looking for within our budget and get a good feel of what seiheyuan is all about. Mind you, this place have lots of history to offer. We also wanted a cosy, nice, little hotel rather than the international ones, which are too classy and overrated. For the price of US$54, you get very good deluxe room with a good view on the courtyard. Check out [--] or [--] for fantastic offer. also, check on periodic basis and you will fine nice surprises on the rate. The rooms are very well equiped and spacious for 3 star hotel. The bed feel hard, but you just need that after one whole day of walking. The toilets in each room are equiped with the necessities such as shower cap, toothbrush, shampoo, body lotion and the towels are really clean. The hotel lobby also have an ATM machine that allow you to change your foreign currencies although they only accept USD, Euro and Japan currency. So, keep some USD or Euro in case you need it urgently and it works 24 hours instead of you brining your passport out to the bank to change. If you did not book a taxi in advance for a night ride to airport, not to worry. Just get help from the hotel staff who are willing to stand by the roadside to flag a taxi for you even through it is below 0 degree and windy. If you are looking for a cosy and affordable hotel that is close to all the places that you want to visit in Beijing, Days Inn is definitely the best choice. The subway is just around the corner.We have a terrific time staying at Days Inn!!!	
Nov 17 2007 	good room helpful staff	We booked a deluxe room for 5 nights at Days Inn Forbidden City. The staff was very friendly and helpful -- they wrote down directions to various tourist sites, arranged taxi to the airport and made good suggestions for food and shows. The room was very clean and nicely furnished. We asked for a non smoking room and was given a room on the non smoking floor. There was an in room safe, hair dryer and heater/AC. 2 bottles of water were provided every morning. We would definately stay there again.	
Nov 15 2007 	good location but bad management	The hotel is situated at a very good location. If it's the first time to Beijing, that's an excellent location. Although this hotel claimed under USA company's management, you will realise it's not true. The management style is very chinese and local. This hotel is new but you could see that they are not well managed. The room is small and not very clean. The view of the room is different and most of them are not very good. The breakfast was not good. You can just have a coffee and some bread. For budget travel, this hotel is acceptable.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good 3 star hotel	First and foremost, this hotel advertise itself as a 3 star hotel, which I think is very correct description. In fact, for this price range, this is as good as gets in Beijing. Location is fantastic. Within walking distance to the Forbidden City, Tiananment Sq, the Wangfujin shopping district, The Exquisite Park, and to 2 subway stations. If you stay at Days Inn, your Beijing sightseeing literally start at your doorstep. Although it is a cheapos, Days Inn share the same neighbourhood with some really fancy hotels such as The Raffles and The Grand Hotel, so that does speaks something about the hotel location. Room is small but nicely done in comtemporary, IKEA-ish style, and the cheapest room is indeed a semi-basement, meaning you only have a tiny window to allow daylight to come in. If this is an issue, upgrade to a higher category (or you can ask nicely to the receptionist - I got my upgrade for free:)Staff speaks good English, with varying degree of course, but nonetheless enough to get things done - Not a profound problem in the likes Hiltons or Sheratons, but a mini-disaster in smaller, Chinese-owned hotel that are usuallu rated similar to the Days Inn.Overall, I had a satisfying stay at Days Inn Forbidden City. In future visit, even if I have a stretched budget, I will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 10 2007 	good 	Good - great location, new, clean, modern bathroom, flat screen tv, coffee maker in room, nice linens, friendly manager, close to subway, close to Forbidden City, near nice park, small/ low rise building.Bad - no refrigerator, small room, no kleenex, no ice machine, only 4 hangers in tiny closet, little drawer space, only one chair, some rooms in basement!Standard rooms are good value for a couple of nights. Too uncomfortable for a longer stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	Good location but staff need more training		
Nov 5 2007 	A great find!		
Nov 4 2007 	Comparing two Days Inn Beijing		
Oct 30 2007 	Location Location and Location and a fine hotel too		
Oct 3 2007 	Loved the new Days Inn		
Aug 25 2007 	Courtyard hotel moments from the centre of everything !		
Nov 15 2009 	Ubicación inmejorable		
Oct 9 2009 	Perfecta ubicación. Habitación OK mientras no tienes está en el sotano		
Sep 24 2009 	Parfait		
Aug 26 2009 	????		
Jun 18 2009 	Muy recomendable !		
Mar 12 2009 	????????		
Nov 16 2008 	hôtel récent dans une situation idéale		
Oct 31 2008 	Buena Ubicación Pero Sucio		
