Apr 30 2008 	Nice accommodation with convenient facilities	We stayed in the Jinqiao Hotel Apartments for 4 nights at the beginning of april. We made our bookings through [--] and found the service to be excellent, not only did they contacted me by phone, all the way from china to confirm my booking and to clarify some of the information I had provided, but they then immediately sent me an email confirmation including a pritnable cupon with instructions in chinese on how to get to the hotel to hand over to the taxi driver upon arrival.The hotel was very close to the train station, it was only about 5 minutes away by taxi and cost only 10 yuan. Staff at reception spoke very limited english as is the case in most of china, however within a few minutes we were given the keys to our room in the 10th foor. I believe it was room A1010 on the 10th floor.The room or should I say apartment was a very decently sized flat with an open plan kitchen/ living area and a separate bedroom with two beds. IT was equiped with TV, DVD player, Stereo and with a PC with free internet which we found most useful. The kitchen had a big fridge freezer which was grate to store beverages and other things we bought from the supermarket and it also had a washing machine that allowed us to wash clothes halfway through our stay. The decor in general was a bit over the top, while the kitchen and kitchen bar area were sleek and modern, the living spaces had a pretty awful wallpaper, but we got used to it after a few hours and focused more on the comforts of having an apartment rather than a hotel room.The ground floor was equiped with all sorts of businesses, there was a restaurant, a bar, a hair salon, a gift shop, a travel agency and a supermarket. We only used the supermarket which had a good variety of food which we found very reasonably priced. (if you do shop here, try the chocolate covered mochi with coffee centers, I loved them and was having a box a day!)Our rate included breakfast for which you get cupons for the number of nights you're booked in. I have to say though, that after having breakfast there the first day, I chose to give the following days a miss.Also worth noting is that the front desk has a currency exchange service and the GBP - Yuan exchange rate, was much better than travelex's one at the time we were there, which was a bit annoying since I had already changed all my pounds into yuans.Locationwise we found the hotel very conveniently located, only about 10 minute drive to the forbidden city, Tiananmen square and other local attractions. About 50 minutes and 100 yuan to the airport, and about 2 hrs drive to the Great Wall. Taxis usually line up right outside the hotel so hauling one is very easy. On the day we went to the great wall, we just went outside and hired one of the taxi's for the whole day for 650 yuan and the bellboy even helped translate to the taxi driver exactly what we wanted. He then took us all the way to the Wall, then to the Summer palace and then back to the Hotel and we had him from 8.30 am till 7 pm. We thought that to be pretty good value.Overall the hotel is perhaps slightly nicer than a 3 star hotel (lets say a 3 1/2 star) however all the conveniences both in the apartment and in the hotel complex made it a top pick for us to stay in Beijing.	
Mar 18 2007 	A little out of the way but affordable luxury in Beijing	This hotel, also variously known as the &quot;Junqiao Apartments Hotel&quot; and the &quot;Jinqiao International Garden&quot; is a little off the beaten path, but is right off the second ring road and even the cheapest rooms are roomy, modern and include a kitchen.It's a 15Y cab ride from the train station, and there are always cabs waiting outside the lobby area of the hotel. It's a bit of a trek if you want to walk to the main sights; maybe half an hour to the Temple of Heaven, longer to the Forbidden City. Cabs are cheap in Beijing, and the hotel is literally just feet away from the ring road, so getting there and away is a breeze.The building is really a high-rise apartment complex that rents out some of the apartments to travelers. There are people who live there full-time, and the rest of the units are something like a time-share. The rooms are different sizes and layouts depending on what class of room you get. We stayed in the cheapest, a &quot;Standard Suit,&quot; as they called it. It was about $65 all in, and included breakfast (for 1, $5 for an additional person). There were no suits included, but the suite was roomy, the kitchen handy, and there was even a washer/dryer.As is the case so often in China, even in Beijing, not a whole lot of English is spoken, and tasks at the front desk can take some time.There are two restaurants on the ground floor. One, where the (rather elaborate) breakfast buffet is served, and the other, which is a very odd take on a &quot;Western&quot; (as in the American old west) restaurant; cowgirls and cowboys all gussied up in their western wear and 10 gallon hats serving you an strange mix of pizzas, burritos and enchiladas. There's a bar and a pool table as well.A small grocery store is also on premises, selling basics like soda and snacks. A small pharmacy, a few shops, a travel agent, and a hair salon round out the other amenities.For us, the comfort of this place balanced out it's lack of character that one might have found in the Hutong Hotels. Having a kitchen and being able to wash clothes was great, and having 500+ square feet was also nice. We would definitely stay here again.	
