Oct 27 2009 	Fabulous!	Incredible value!!!This is a GREAT hotel in all aspects, if you do not mind being in the city center. The rooms are really as represented on their website, fab bathrooms and amenities, very unexpected considering their rates. Internet is complimentary and not restricted, great pool and spa, variety in dining options and the whole look of the hotel is very chic. Metro stop is 2 blocks away and a few minutes and the ride to Tiananmen Square is about 20 minutes on the same line. Taxis are inexpensive and hotel is on main road to downtown very near &quot;ring road 5&quot;. Staff is very helpful although language is still a bit of a barrier, but they do try their best.This is one of the best value for the money I have ever encountered!	
Oct 4 2009 	Very comfortable design hotel	We stayed one week in this hotel. We arranged a hotel shuttle service and that was very comfortabel. They picked us up with an Audi A6 and it costed about 30 minutes to reach the hotel. During rush houres you have to count on 45-60 minutes traveling time by car. You can also take the Airport Express line, than by circle line 2 and then take line 1 to Babaoshan subway station (exit D). Turn to the left if you leave the metro station. From there it's about 7 minutes walking. Metro prices are low: 2 yuan for one trip and the bus is even cheaper: 1 yuan, just put the money in the box when entering the bus and take your ticket. Checking in was smooth and the staff is warm and friendly. They always greet you when entering or leaving the hotel. We had a club room. They are situated on floors 21 and 22. You can use the executive lounge for complementary breakfast, soft drinks during the whole day and from 5.30 - 7.30 PM they have happy houre with snacks. They also provide internet on 2 computers and a printer.The hotel is brand new and it's lovely designed. The rooms are good, spacious and one of the features of the rooms are the (Pullman) beds. They are very comfortable and they provide about 6 pillows per person, so u can use the pillow you like. Airco is fine, no noise. The lightning of the room is also very good (direct / indirect light, night lights, etc). Everything is very clean and comfortable. We used the pool, the gym and the small sauna and steamroom. Use is for free. But if you want to use the spa and / or the &quot;big&quot; sauna, you have to pay extra. I don't know the costs, but I think it will be reasonable priced. Rooms were also cheap in my opinion (about 600 - 700 yuan per night for the club room). The hotel is south westly situated from the city. Taking line 1 of the subway brings you in about 20 - 25 minutes in the city centre. For us this was no problem. Next to the hotel you can find Wanda Plaza, a shopping mall with also some (fast) restaurants. The only complaint I have is that service was not always 100% professional. During the first 2 days, they offered us turning down service, but then they stopped it. That was also with the newspaper. Sometimes they brought a newspaper, sometimes not. But in my opinion this were minor issues. The staff is, as said, very polite, friendly and warm and they will do everything to please you. If you want to have information about making some trips in and around Beijing, please ask for Alan. He can give you all the information you want and if necessary he can arrange cars, drivers etc. for you. Overall I think this hotel is very good and I can recommend it if it's not a problem to travel by metro or taxi (also very cheap, but use only the official taxis).	
Aug 26 2009 	nice hotel	it is a nice hotel, all the equipments are brand newalthough far away from hotel, walking distance to metro station, can go everywhere easily by subway.staff is very friendly, but seem lack of experience, sometimes even how to do with certain proceduresshortage...hotel is in cemetery area....a little bit weired, but it's ok la..	
Aug 19 2009 	Great value for money!	I had some reservations about this hotel because of the location, but it was very easy to get into town. The staff was very helpful and they were always willing to assist me. Alan, the concierge, was particularly friendly and very professional. The rooms are spacious with great views of the city. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune in accommodation but still expects a good service. I will definitely come back here again!	
Aug 9 2009 	Superb	Superb hotel rooms, attractive decor and mod-cons, very clean, brand-new, excellent service, all customer staff could speak english, and free internet. Also, nice shopping mall next door, and subway a short walk down the road. Only drawback is the location, which is slightly out of town, but a 50 yuan ($10) taxi ride soon solved that problem. I definately would consider staying here again.	
Jul 23 2009	Beautiful clean comfortable hotel - would stay there again	Our family stayed in this hotel for three nights with a large tour group. The rooms were big with great views and the beds were very comfortable. Everything was clean and brand new! There is a mall and grocery store across the street. The only draw back was that it was far from down town Beijing and thus it took an hour to get to anything...	
Jul 2 2009 	Grand hotel and rooms	The rooms are just fab -- well appointed and very spacious. The lobby is stunning, the Bar is very cozy and the Buffet in the is also Restaurant very nice. The service is very good and helpful and the staff goes out of there way to make you feel welcome. The free internet is also a nice feature and the bathrooms have a separate shower with a soothing rainforest showerhead.Great indoor pool and spa facilities.I booked an advanced purchase rate with breakfast included and even though its not in the citycenter the taxi ride is only about 45RMB to Tiannamen area (only 4 EUR) so if you don't mind the travel time about 15/20 minutes it is a really good value. There is also the metro stop line 1) just a few minutes walk that takes you straight to city center for 20 cents.	
Jun 10 2009 	Beautiful new hotel	This hotel is brand new and is a 5 star establishment. The rooms are very well appointed with lovely modern bathrooms. The food at the restaurant is excellent especially the dinner buffet. Although the hotel is a little way from the centre of Beijing, it is only a short walk to the subway, which takes you straight through to the main sites of Beijing. The subway fare is only 2 CNY. It is also near The Fragrant Park is is well worth a visit. The service was excellent . If I returned to Beijing I would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Could not be better	Stayed for 4 nights in this new and great hotel. It is located less than 10 minutes from the subway station and 30 minutes to the Forbidden City by subway.The staff is very attentive and accomodating, making sure that guest feel confortable and always a smile in their face.The restaurants in the hotel are very beatiful and serve fine food aof the highest quality and affordable price.	
Aug 21 2009	Excellentes prestations		
