Jul 21 2009 	Easy Access to Subway	Staying for 5 days in this hotel. Quite hard to find and taxi driver did not know where it is. Fortunately we meet a westerner who know where the hotel and we follow through his direction to the hotel.The hotel is near the subway station (sanyuanqiao) and the station is also ABC (airport beijing city) station. Therefore, easy access from the airport (the ABC train) and all over beijing city (subway).Some reception staffs can not speak english but they are helpful. Quick check in. Breakfast voucher must be collected at the front desk everyday. Breakfast is not that generous but worth the price.Overall nice and clean room. The bed is soft (compared to other hotels in China).You must take and collect your laundry by yourself at the front desk, they wont deliver it to your room.Since the food selection is not that great, we walk to the the Novotel Sanyuan Hotel just back-to-back with Ibis Sanyuan Hotel.There's no free mineral water in the room, so you'd better buy some to stock at your room.Free internet on the lobby!	
Jun 22 2009 	Great for Westerners	We were impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the hotel. Even though we did not speak a word of Chinese, everyone was willing to accommodate us. We stayed for 8 days since the hotel is close by our daughter's apartment. There's a little Western grocery a short walk away, so if you're really craving some Oreos and candy, you can surely get them there. The room was bigger than we expected, at least bigger than some that we had in London. HBO was in English as well as a few other channels, but we were so busy seeing the sights that we didn't have time to do much else but collapse from our adventures. The hotel seems to be a bit away from the major attractions,but with the moderate price of the subway and the taxis, this was not a problem.We paid $42 a night and an additional $2.93 for breakfast, so the Ibis was a real bargain. The breakfast buffet was a Chinese breakfast, which we enjoyed. The hotel is located in Phoenix City, which appears to be an up and coming area of the city. We would definitely return to the Hotel Ibis Sanyuan.	
Apr 30 2009 	Just OK	We were really happy with the Ibis in Xian. We considered it the best value of the 2.5 weeks we spent in China, so we were hoping for the same standards at the Ibis in Beijing, but it fell short. The rooms were OK, but a bit worn for being such a new hotel. It opened last year. Worst parts were the lobby and hallyways and bar -- not clean and the bar always smoke-filled. There were q-tips and dental floss on the hallway carpets when we checked in and they were still there the next day. There is construction going on all around the hotel right now which makes coming and going difficult. Advantage is that it's around the corner from Line 10 subway stop which is convenient. Not too many good places to eat, but a few. Try the nearby Northern Village. Ask the hotel to direct you. This Ibis is convenient for coming and going to and from the airport, but that's about it. You could do much better location wise and it would be worth it to pay a little more to be in an area where there is more going on.	
Mar 5 2009 	Highly recommend for value cleanliness location	I would highly recommend this hotel for its location and if you are lookingfor a basic clean hotel without the extra frills. It is your typical Ibis hotel setup. It is very reasonably priced. My family and I stayed here in Jan. 2009 and paid approximately $200 RMB. When we checked in, they quoted us a higher price. But, once we told them we saw a lower price on the internet, they honored the lower price. This hotel is located in a great location for a stay in Beijing. It's located at the first stop (Sanyuanqiao) into the city from the airport train. This makes it very convenient for taking the train in and out of the airport. The subway stop is also right at the hotel. The subway system is so convenient that there's no need to pay the higher prices just to stay in the city center when this hotel offers the convenience of catching both the subway and the airport train. There's not much of anything around the hotel in terms of restaurants/shops, but with the convenience of the subway, it's easy to get to shops/food. At the time I was there, they were still building what looked to be a shopping/apartment complex next to it. I would definitely stay here again if I were to go to Beijing.	
Nov 13 2008	Good Value for Beijing next to subway	This is a new Ibis- one of many now being opened across China. Very good standard Ibis rooms, with queen size bed, desk in front of window and small wardrobe, timber style floor covering. Free internet in the room. International TV channels including BBC World, French TV NHK and HBO. Standard Ibis modular bathroom works very well. Its clean and with relatively soft bed (for China). The hotel is located on the 3rd ring road in Chayoang district not far from Sanlitun and Lufthansa center. There is nothing else in the vicinity, so you need to take the subway to get anywhere. The hotel is right next to the Sanyuanqiao subway station on the new line 10. Its also the first stop on the Airport Express train from Terminal 2 and 3 (which costs 25RMB). Subway is good and cheap (2RMB) and will get you anywhere easily including Olympic Park, Silk Alley market, and central sights (T Square). Beware of the steps from the Station if you are hauling luggage. Pick the right exit when you leave the station (its signposted in English). The Ibis is behind the Novotel. As of mid November the hotel was still not finished and the paving still had to be done outside the hotel. The room is good value (348RMB weekdays less weekends), but other things are pricey. There is no bottled water in the room and Evian is 25RMB in the bar. Other bar prices even worse. The breakfast is 20RMB but its not very good (much worse than Ibis Shanghai). Overall a very good choice for Beijing where other 3 star hotels are often not very good and 4 star hotels more expensive.	
Nov 1 2008	Work in progress	The inside is finished, but just barely -- the rooms still smell of paint and heat wasn't working properly. Outside, the street is still under construction, and it took half an hour for the cab driver to find the entrance, through the back of a large housing compound. Once they've worked out the kinks, it should be a great deal -- but they're not quite there yet.	
Oct 12 2008	Clean comfortable cheap and convenient hotel!	Great clean hotel with the subway just around the corner. Quite convenient coming from the airport- it's the first stop on the airport express train- get off at exit D at the Sanyuanqiao stop. Little market as you exit the hotel- make your first left. There's also the best restaurant we tried in Beijing named Another Northern Village within a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Sorry, the address is in Chinese but the number is [--]. No english menu but the menu has pictures for every dish and for once the dishes actually looks like the picture. Totally yummy, clean, busy, and cheap that we went back again.Back to the hotel- Free internet, friendly and helpful staff. I would definitely stay here again!PS- the room looks exactly like the picture on the website.	
Aug 26 2008 	Fantastic value for money with a convenient location !	We stayed at this hotel for one night during the Olympics and we were really pleased.After a reservation went wrong at another hotel, we scrambled around and found that the Ibis at Sanyuanqiao had JUST opened (they were still putting the finishing touches as people were checking in), along with a Novotel, right next door.Ibis is generally known for being a no-frills hotel chain across Europe, and they are now making in-roads into China, where there are already lots of local chains covering this segment of the market. But Ibis comes in with a MUCH higher quality offering at a rock-bottom price, which makes it a perfect choice when visiting China.As I've just mentioned, the hotel is _brand new_, not even a month old at this point, so everything works, and everything is clean (except maybe the surrounding areas, as they're still constructing other buildings around). The room is cozy, a good size for the price, it's clean, and functional. Broadband internet is included in all rooms with no extra charge, so that's always a nice extra. There is a 24-hour snack bar and a cafeteria that can do the job of filling you up, as there aren't many dining or shopping options around.The location at Sanyuanqiao is definitely not central, and it's a bit hard-to-find, tucked away into a new development area, but here's the trump card: the Metro station is literally at the door step- a 2 minutes walk, maximum. And from Line 10, you can access all the major sites (in our case, the olympics sites) within 15-20 minutes, on the cheap, at only 2 yuan per ride.All rooms were aptly priced 888rmb (about 110usd) for the olympics, which was not cheap (but within market range for the olmypics period), but the regular price afterwards is around 264rmb for single, and 364rmb for double, which comes to about 35-50usd, definitely an excellent deal. At this price, if you're visiting Beijing and just want a cozy, no frills, clean place to sleep at night, no matter your budget, Ibis Sanyuanqiao should be at the top of your list. It will be for us when we go back, for sure.	
Sep 14 2009 	Muy buena calida-precio		
Aug 28 2009 	????D????3?		
