Nov 11 2009 	Can't go wrong...	very solid hotel in good location - walking to hi-end shops and close to Tienamen Square. Very safe. Beds a little hard but that is common in China. This place was solid without any real red flags. We got it as part of tour package so not sure of pricing but this is a solid cant go wrong business class hotel that was more than fine for tourists. Comparable to a Four Points or a Courtyard.	
Nov 9 2009	Classy hotel great value for the money	My son and I spent five nights at the hotel. The hotel has been recently renovated and has been done with quality and attention to detail. The lobby is spacious and classy with comfortable seating. We found the staff at the desk and concierge service very helpful and fluent in English. Some of the staff at the tour information desk could have been more helpful and informed. We had a standard room and found in quite spacious in terms of hotels in China. The room included two sitting chairs plus desk and bar fridge. Linens and towels were spotless. Because of price, we chose to eat a number of our meals across the road from the hotel at a spotless, brightly lit Chinese fast food restaurant. An English menu was provided with a good selection. The service and food quality were excellent, and the prices were very reasonable. The menu did include canned beer .Tinamen square is a brisk half hour walk from the hotel as well, the hotel is close to numerous up scale shops.Since we used taxi service a fair bit, we found it useful at times to stop a taxi a short ways down the street, away from the hotel entrance, as it seemed some taxi drivers quoted higher prices to a destination if they picked you up in front of the hotel.All in all, a very pleasant time in Beijing.	
Nov 4 2009 	comfortable hotel great location reasonable price	I stayed here with my girlfriend in September 2009. Location was great, near the metro and close to many restaurants. Room was clean and comfortable. I was also able to buy a train ticket to Xi'an here which was great because I initially thought I would have to go to the train station itself to buy the ticket. I recommend this hotel.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location	The greatest advantage of this hotel is the location. Close to Wangfujing st; the metro; St. Joseph's Church ( i am catholic); 20 minutes walk to the Forbidden City. There are restaurants and supermarkets right in front of the hotel! Service was good; rooms although a bit small was comfortable. Another plus is some staff speak English!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great place comfortable clean rooms.	I loved this hotel and it's a short walk to Wangfujing street around the corner. Large grocery store across the street. Nice refrigerator with small freezer in the room. 2 free bottles of water every day. Great to watch MTV China in the room also.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice place gr8 location	a gr8 hotel right in the dead center of beijingjust at the end/beginig of wanfyujin rd5 min from purple subway thingymickydee's across the st. (its always nice to get some real food ;))but do check the AC b4 u go in room some of the are knda of weaki would go back there i aheart bit	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent central base in Beijing	This hotel is just off the main shopping street - Wangfujing St - and a 5-10 min walk from the Dengshikou metro line. Can be reached by a combination of train &amp; metro from the airport but easiest to take a taxi - about 100 Yuan (£10) including the expressway toll (driver will add the toll on to the amount shown on the meter). Best to print off the name &amp; address in Chinese characters before you go as many taxi drivers do not recognise western characters and speak limited English. The hotel has well-appointed air-conditioned rooms. My bathroom had a large bath-sized shower but no bath, which suited me fine. Free bottles of drinking water are provided from day 2 onwards. There are plenty of resataurants a short walk away from the hotel. The hotel has a bar and two restaurants but prices in these places are normal Western prices - MUCH higher than prices outside the hotel. Easy to get about from here, either by walking, or by using metro or taxis (both very cheap). Would defininitely stay here again on a return visit.	
Apr 29 2009 	An excellent value	I was very pleased with the Sunworld Hotel (note, it is very close to the Sunworld Dynasty Hotel, but they are two separate hotels).HotelVery professional staff, English was widely spoken.Hotel was clean, comfortable, and staff was knowledgeable about the area.Breakfast was adequate with a mix of European and Chinese.RoomLarge, clean. The room as a little warm, however that may be due to the transition from Winter heat to Summer AirCon (April).Television had international mix of channels with English Language movies and news programs.LocationGreat location very near Wangfujing &quot;walking&quot; street. Plenty to see in the area, walking distance to the Forbidden City and Tianiman Sq.Lots of shopping and restaurants nearby.I would definately stay here again next time I am in Beijing.	
Apr 22 2009 	Worth its stars	Nice hotel with many able front line staff. Many speak English and be able to provide good info about Beijing. I am impressed with them all. So much so that I have noted most of the staff I have spoken to and will send an email to the management. The location was perfect, quietly off the main shopping and eating streets. There is also underground station within 5 mins walk. On the negative side, the rooms are a touch small and there is no bath. We certainly all OK with this. I don't mind staying there again when we visit beijing next time. Do be put off by its 3/4 stars rating, the hotel standard over there are much higher than anywhere else.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Value in Central Beijing. Worth more than 3 Star rating.	My wife and I stayed at the Sunworld Hotel, Beijing 23-24 March 2009. We paid a little extra for an executive room and booked through SinoHotel website. We were very pleased with both the hotel and Sinohotel. The hotel was an ideal location for us. It was a short walk to the main shopping street (Wangfujing Street). Tiananmen and Forbidden City are within reasonable walking distance (Beware if the crowds of tourists in these two places). There is a tour desk in the lobby and we had no problems booking a day tour to The Great Wall including the Ming Tombs as well as a visit to the Chinese Acrobat Show. The hotel room was modern, clean, large and had a nice bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and there was free internet in the room and all the facilities of a modern hotel. In fact it was one of the nicest hotels we have stayed (and we have stayed in many). All of the staff were friendly and helpful and most of them spoke limited English or at least helped us with sign language as we spoke no Chinese. We did not use the restaurant but the menu seemed OK with resonable prices. Across the road is a well stocked supermarket, a nice bakery and Maccas so there is no reason to go hungry. There are plenty of places to eat nearby, especially in Wangfujing street shopping malls.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good Clean and Reasonably Priced Hotel	Stayed for 5 nites at this hotel on the 10th floor. It's very accessible to Wangfujing shopping areas... about a 10mins or less stroll. The room was clean, bed was comfortable (not hard) and quiet. The hallways did not smell of cigarettes and carpet was clean. Staff spoke simple English and the Concierge was helpful. I would recommend this hotel for the location and the price.Word of caution - Always get the Concierge to get a taxi for you. DO NOT take the taxis that are parked outside the hotel. You'll likely have an unpleasant experience with the driver and get fleeced!	
Oct 4 2008 	Sensational sunworld	Slight problem when we arrived as taxi driver took us to the Sunworld Dynasty next door.... but soon rectified, an easy mistake to make. Check in was simple and the staff were very helpful and friendly. Our room was spacious and well appointed and more importantly, spotlessly clean. Many tripadvisor members seem to comment on the hard beds in Chinese hotels but we did not seem to find this a problem. Yes, the beds are firm, but I guess we must be used to it because we slept very well in every hotel we used in China. Sunworld was no exception. The room was quiet, we were never disturbed by other guests banging doors or anything. No complaints whatsoever. We did pop into the restaurant for breakfasy one day and thought 200 CNY for a couple of pieces of toast and 2 coffees was a lot, but maybe they thought we'd had a full breakfast, not worth creating a scene, so we smiled politely and didn't go there again. The hotel is situated just around the corner from Wangfujing Street, literally 5 minutes walk and about 10-15 mins from underground stations, perfect location for sightseeing and transport, taxis always available. Another thing.. every day we acquired another box with a mooncake in it, small ones to start and by the end of our stay, the boxes were getting bigger, they obviously were pleased we were enjoying them!!	
Sep 29 2008	Good location	This was a very good hotel, centrally based, and only a short walk from the Forbidden City and excellent shopping area. The food and accomodation were fine, and the staff very pleasant and helpful. Unless you wanted to borrow an umbrella! All the other hotels I stayed at in China had complimentary umbrellas in each room, but for some reason the Sunworld wanted a deposit of 300 Yuan, nearly £30 just to borrow a brolly, which are hardly that expensive in China. Especially when it was a very rainy week, it was a little niggle that was unnecessary, but apart from that nice place to stay.	
Jul 27 2008 	An enjoyable stay	We spent 5 days here and found the service excellent. It was just around the corner from the shopping street Wangfujing and there were plenty of places to eat nearby.It was easy (and cheap) to get taxis to the sights. The hotel had a card with a list of major sights in English and Chinese and all we had to do was show the card to the taxi driver. It made travelling around so easy and comfortable. I noticed that the carpetting in the corridor going to our room was looking a bit worn in places. Otherwise the rooms and the public areas were kept beautifully. There was always someone on duty to help with any requests or problems - and they were very friendly in the way they interacted. In fact the concierge went on the internet to check up on our flight to Mongolia to make sure we got to the airport at the right time.We did eat at the hotel when we were too tired after a long day of sightseeing. The staff showed a keenness to help - even if they found it difficult to understand a word that we said! Note that we found that going for a meal around 9 pm was obviously late for them and they were getting ready to tidy up for the morning. We found that if we did room service breakfast for 1 person we got enough food for the both of us at half the price of breakfast in the restaurant.Please note that the hotel has been renamed Sunworld but the street sign still refers to it as Tianlun Songhe Hotel. There is a Sunworld Dynasty just around the corner and you could end up being taken to the wrong hotel if you are not careful.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good Hotel in a Very Good Location	It is a very good hotel, clean, and in a good location in Beijing. Is very close to Wangfujing Street (5 minutes walking), Oriental Mall and Tian'anmen (20 min walking).There are 2 hotels very close but difrent: Sunworld Hotel (Sun World) and Sunworld Dinasty Hotel (the last one is opened in July 2008)	
Jul 22 2007 	Good value and location	We stayed at this hotel for 10 nights while in Beijing. Room is okay for the price paid. We had a third roll-away bed so room was little tight. Furniture and fixtures were very 80s style. The bathroom is very small.As for location, it is very convenient for tourists who just want to leave the hotel and have plenty of shopping and restuarants available by walking. Right across the street is a restaurant where we ate quite a few times. They serve good Chinese style breakfast and lunch and dinner meals are relatively cheap (one person about $2-$4 US).If you are looking for value and location, this would definitely fit the bill. If you're looking for a nicer room, might have to try Crown Plaza or Wangfujing Hotel nearby.	
Jun 27 2007 	Very valued hotel in Beijing	It's a really budgeted hotel in Beijing. I stayed there for 4 nights with my fiance, and the rooms are clean, staffs are nice. Location is 10-15 mins walk to WangFuZhin Street. Personally felt quite far away...but price was valued. Recommended for budgeted travelers~	
Dec 17 2006 	Great Location and Roomy	We stayed here for 5 nights. The room is quite big, with 2 Queen size bed and very clean. It was a little dark though.It was my kids' 1st trip to China and they were comfortable and settled down well. Did as what the other reviewers said, avoided the hotel cuisine.For breakfast, go to the opposite. head for the corner shop with the red signboard, it's on your right.The short-ribs or beef noodles/ flat rice noodle is nice, cheap and big servings.Within walking distance to the main Wangfujing shopping street.	
Nov 10 2006 	Hotel	This Hotel is fantastic! We stayed for 9 nights in Oct 06. Although rooms a little dated, but very clean and well appointed! The front office staff are very helpful and friendly. It was great when catching a taxi as they would make sure the drivers knew where you wanted to go and also wrote the taxi number down for us if there was a problem, also when we returned to the hotel, they would also give you the taxi number.The coffee shop was suitable for a snack, we did not dine in the hotel.The only draw back was the dreadful internet service in the business centre.....The positon of the Hotel was great..... lots of restaurants close by.	
Nov 1 2006 	Very good value	I chose this hotel mostly based on reviews I read here and for the most part can echo what has already been said. The Songhe is a reasonably priced 3 star option (~$70) two minutes from Wangfujing Street. By no means do I consider myself an expert on Beijing but from research and limited experience this seems to be the best area to stay. Better not underestimate the walking distance down the street towards the main road and Tiananmen Square, especially as you are likely to cover it more then once in both direction. Also, prepare for a challenge when trying to communicate with the hotel staff, as English is not among their strongest skills. Other than that – great value. Do not expect anything fancy, but it does the job. There’s a supermarket across the street and to the right which is very convenient.	
Oct 25 2006	nice standard place to stay	I'd agree with the other reviews that the hotel is a nice, standard place to stay in Beijing. The location is good... Very near the centre. I'd recommend walking to the tourist places in the centre and not bother with taxis. Defiantely don't use taxis that sit in the street outside the hotel. They seemed to want to try every trick in the book to rip us off. We approached one licensed taxi outside the hotel who said he couldn't take us. Instead he told us to get into his friend's taxi which turned out to be unlicensed and we were charged more than 3 times the amount the journey should have cost.I thought the main restaurant in the hotel was good. Its on the 1st floor (ground floor if you're English). Go down the right hand corridor as you come in from the front door and its the restaurant on the left. One night we had pigeon. When it arrived it still had its head on, and it seemed to be looking at me. It tasted nice though.	
Oct 14 2006 	Excellent location	The hotel is excellent located centrally in Bejing minutes from the &quot;golden street&quot; / &quot;silver street&quot; shopping areas.Rooms were good sized and bathrooms good.Breakfast was also good, loved the dumplings and omelette.The only negative we could find was that not all taxi drivers knew the location of the hotel (even with an adress written in chinese).A recomandation would be to get the names/adress of the bigger hotels in the same street and ask the taxi driver to go there and walk the 2min to the hotel.An excellent supermarket for water/ice tee and everything you could need is located across the road and to the right.It is in a basement, so the entrance feels a bit weird, but it is a large chinese supermarket, with low prices. There is also a supermarket in a shopping senter to the left, but that is rather pricy compared to the other.We never had lunch/dinner at the hotel, so we can not comment on the buffet.	
Sep 20 2006	Good central location for reasonable price	We have just returned from 9 nights at this hotel in Sept. 06. Previous reviews are all fair, and prices quoted for meals, taxis etc. are up to date and description of hotel pretty good so I will try not to repeat.The hotel is in a very good location. If you think 3 star you will not be disappointed. You can hear the person snoring next door in some rooms because of the locked connecting door, our room did need a new carpet. After one or two meals in the hotel, they are repetitive - even a buffet - and so you are better eating out, and staying on a no breakfast deal.I did not fancy the fast food restaurent opposite that other people reccomend. We preferred to turn right on leaving hotel, walk for approx 100m and eat at the restaurent with the white table cloths, the one next door is cheaper - no table cloths - but pay the extra. An evening meal for four adults with all the dishes you can eat, plus drinks was under £15.00 total for four.Also eat at S.Silk Road on Lotus Lane in the evening. It is busy at 5.30 ish and you ,may have to wait for a table indoors. But wait.The bread/cake shop opposite the hotel is a delight.Taxis are cheap, whether the one at the hotel or hailed from the street.Silk Market and the Antiques market - it sells more than antiques - are the best. Have a suit made to measure at the Silk Market as soon as you arrive. Pay approx. 1000 yuan, say £70.00 for a cashmere/ wool suit with an additional pair of trousers. This is with their best material. You can get it lower, but I wanted to be sure it was made on time.Get prescription glasses, variable focus with titanium frames for about £40.00 at the Silk Market.Have a foot massage at the Silk Market, far cheaper than near the hotel.Give the Friendship store a miss, hardly anybody there, and nobody buying.Concierge in the hotel very helpful.Make sure you get the Chinese name for the hotel printed befor you leave home. Find a website with it on - I used the old Novotel site, bit it worked.It is a good 3 star, arguably 4. But think 3.Hotels nearby Tianlun and Crown Plaza are more exclusive but more pricey. Not worth the difference unless it is a special anniversary etc.I would stay again at this hotel, am well travelled, and would reccomend it due to location, price and cleanliness. But think 3 star not 4!	
Jun 29 2006 	A good deal	I stayed in the Tianlun Songhe Hotel for 5 days for a business meeting. My room was paid by my host so I don't know how much they paid for it, but it struck me as a good 3.5* to 4* hotel. If anything it was a more chinese version of the western chains which otherwise abound in this area.The location is ideal, steps aways from shopping and 10 minutes walk from Tiananmen.Staff throughout the hotel were courteous, attentive and responsive. Any issues I had were dealt with promptly and efficiently.I found the room I had was very spacious, reasonably, but not luxoriously equipped. The room was kept nicely clean, as was the bathroom. Nice big TV set, only English news was CNN, no BBC. The BBC website was also censored and not available over the Internet.Internet access in the rooms was through a power line modem (and didn't use a USB port as claimed by the hotel instructions). You simply connected it straight to your Ethernet port. Had to pay a CNY 500 refundable deposit for the modem.The buffet restaurant was OK, but certainly nothing to write home about and the food was always the same. One previous reviewer complained about the food not being hot - that is normal. In China, food is nearly always served lukewarm. That of course, doesn't mean it hasn't been cooked, only that it is served that way.I would certainly recommend the hotel for its location and pleasant staff.	
May 15 2006	Nice and simple	Background: 5 days in Beijing after having spent 3 days in Xi'an. Wife and I are in our 30's. We speak and read Mandarin. First trip to Beijing. Looking for a functional but comfortable hotel. We aren't used to having our rooms cleaned for us, and weren't expecting to have hotel restaurant food, room service, or even to have organised tours. We had the hotel name printed out earler. The taxi from Beijing West train station had no problems findng the hotel. Although he did have to make a U-turn in a narrow road -- not sure why. We were worried that it was a smalllish hotel, compared to Tianlun Dynasty and Crowne Plaza, both 100m away on the same road. Reception was a little slow and chilly, both on checking in and checking out. Maybe it was understaffed during those times. Language skills were useful: we witnessed other tourists having difficulties when their requests went beyond &quot;checkin/checkout&quot;. Functional, though. During our stay, we later came down to chat about the available tours (we didn't take any in the end), and to set up Internet in our room, and they were helpful then. They accepted the usual credit cards, including Diners. The room we got was also functional. Small/medium: TV, remote, armchair, 2 single beds, sidetable in between, minibar, cool/hot water dispenser (boils on request I think), desk with lots of drawers, luggage rack, cupboard, safe. Toilet, sink, shower in bathtub blah. Blockout curtains. There's a locked door connecting to the neighbour's room. No problems with smells, or ventilation. Outside the window was construction, but no sound. Not sure why. There aren't as many trees around the building as seems to be on the photos. It's not extravagant. Everything wooden (i.e. door, cupboard, desks) looked a little &quot;80's&quot; and shabby. All dark wood too: When the curtains were closed (at night) the room became quite dark even with the lights on, making it difficult to read/write at the desk. Since there were 2 of us, the armchair with footrest was nice, while we took turns to use the desk. There were powerplugs of all sorts on the walls -- British, Australian, and US ones. Although they did need 3 prongs for the Australian plugs. One evening, we could hear the male neighbour singing, through the thin wall/locked door, which worried us. Thank goodness that lasted only a couple of hours. Bonus: there was a notice on the desk that said we could rent from reception a USB appliance that attached to the powerplug that would also provide Internet in the room. There was a 500Y refundable guarantee fee, and a 50Y/daily fee. This was not advertised when we made our booking, and if it was USB, it was unlikely that we would have network drivers for my Mac OS X PowerBook. Turns our that 1. the daily fee was already included in our room rates, 2. it was ethernet to power, not USB. 3. included in the bundle was a power extension cable with additional sockets. We had to pay the 500Y, which was OK, and refunded at the end. Worked with my PowerBook without drivers. Excellent! We got to read Tripadvisor etc to plan our days, send/receive emails, and upload photos every evening etc. We weren't too interested in taking organised group tours, but sought a car to Mutianyu Great Wall. There is a travel counter at the hotel which would organise a private tour in a deluxe car for 700Y (they have a printed price list for many locations). We went out instead, and organised a trip with a normal Beijing cab for 500Y (to/fro, and wait for us at the wall). The hotel would organise a rented car to/fro Simatai for us for &gt; 1000Y. The printed prices seemed a little high, and we didn't try to haggle. The hotel location is good. Wangfujin shopping didn't appeal to use much, but we did take a peek. It's there and we budgeted some time to look around, but never properly made it. Within walking distance are: Wangfujin Bookstore, Wangfujin food lane, Donghuamen food street, Forbidden City/Tiananmen/Beihai area. Quanjunde Beijing Roast duck has a branch along Wangfujin closeby -- went there twice. Oriental Plaza (where Hyatt is), has lots of franchise food shops that are nice, yet not pricey (by foreigners standards). A meal was usually 30-40Y for 2 of us. We ate at different shops a lot. The subway station is about 10-15 minutes down Wangfujin Street (between Oriental Plaza, and Beijing Hotel) -- probably a third or a quarter the distance to actual Tiananmen Square itself. I *estimate* that the Square is about 2.5km from the hotel, so it's not just next door. Food was not included in our hotel rates, and we weren't too interested in the idea. Opposite the hotel is a franchise modern-type Chinese restaurant. Funnily the morning and evening service is totally different. Including staff uniforms, food types, and method of ordering food. There are menus with pictures on them in the afternoon/evening only. Morning seems a little more fast paced, and we order/pay at a counter, then collect at a 2nd counter. Tricky, but we watched others, and everything turned out ok. It's good and cheap enought that we could've gone there everyday. There's also a McDonalds 100m away that opens at 7am, and a supermarket right next to that too (look for a sign and an arrow painted on the wall). On our last day, we suddenly realised that we could've had Mongolian hotpot right at the hotel restaurant, and not too pricey too. Made our mouths water, but too late: we were leaving. We would probably have gone for another round of Quanjunde Beijing Duck (it's that good). We had our room cleaned every other day (i.e. twice in total). No problems there, but we did put the 12&quot; G4 PowerBook in the roomsafe. Anything larger wouldn't have fit IMHO. Lots of legal 1.60Y cabs on the street outside the hotel, when we made trips to Summer Palace (50Y) and Airport (about 100Y, can't remember). We didn't bother asking the hotel staff to hail us one. There was also a bus stop about 10m away from the hotel, which maybe we could have tried to use, but didn't. We paid 578Y for a &quot;deluxe standard room&quot;, on Asiatravel -- just about the upper limit of what we wanted to pay. The picture there is accurate, although in reality, things are darker and there is no rose in the bed. I'd recommend the hotel to my friends, if they aren't looking for too many amenities. I'd stay there again, but only after some price hunting. The location, and unadvertised internet-in-room is a major bonus.	
Apr 10 2006	Reasonable priced accomodation in convenient location	My husband and I stayed at the TianLun SongHe for 5 nights last week. We paid RMB538 each night. The hotel was quite old and furniture in the room had seen better days. The room was of reasonable size but the bathroom was small. I found the bed very hard and had trouble sleeping the first night but my husband was ok. I think, most importantly, the room was clean. We liked the water-dispenser (hot/cold) and it gets refilled everyday.SongHe enjoys a great location just off WangFuJing. When you come out from the hotel &amp; turn left, you will find WangFuJing (pedestrian street). To the right, you will find many food outlets (mainly Shanghainese/Taiwanese type plus a MacDonald's). At right end, you will find another main street (DongSi meaning East Four) which houses boutiques/salons/more eateries. Not many tourists in this part. Hence, the stuff they sell is different from WangFuJing which has all the malls, fastfood and the bigger brands. But for bargain hunting, I think nothing beats Silk Street market. Lots of fake LVs, Pradas, Gucci and Polo Ralph Lauren shirts. Also good for children's clothes. Be prepared to bargain though - we always walked off and got called back :PHotels in the vicinity:Next door, also a TianLun hotel but the TianLun Dynasty. I think you will need to pay RMB 700-800 'cos it's newer and more luxurious. Opposite the TianLun Dynasty is the Holiday Crowne Plaza which is another new/luxurious hotel. About 2 blocks down, there is the Taiwan hotel, Novotel Peace and a Lee Garden apartment. All in very convenient locations just off WangFuJing pedestrian street. But depending on the class of hotel, the price of local tour packages may also be different. I paid RMB300 for a one-day tour to Badaling and SiSanLing while tour-mates staying at TianLun Dynasty paid RMB320. The really grand hotels like Grand Hyatt, Beijing Hotel, are at the southern end of WangFuJing and sits on top of the subway. At the northern end is the Prime Hotel which is a little way off.	
Mar 9 2006	Pros and cons of Tianlun Songhe hotel...	My partner and I stayed at the Tianlun Songhe Hotel in Beijing for seven nights from 3/1/06-3/8/06. We chose this hotel based on the location and the reviews we had read. As many people have said, the hotel is in an excellent location and is just around the corner from Wangfujing, a major &quot;shopping street.&quot; Upon our arrival to the hotel, we were immediately checked in and given a room on the 10th floor. The rooms are of average size and not small like some people have reported. The room was clean and featured a water dispenser which we did not use, a mini-refrigerator stocked with some food/drinks, a color tv which featured about 60 stations including CNN, HBO and CCTV, and controls between the beds for the tv and individual lights for the bed, a very nice touch. On top of the stand between the beds were &quot;adult supplies&quot; such as condoms, etc. There were also overpriced snacks in the room which were for sale but many of them were outdated. There were also two pairs of slippers in addition to phone books.The bathroom was of average size and featured more things you could purchase such as a razor, salts for baths, lotions, etc. The free items in the bathroom were combs, shampoo and soap. There were two bathrobes hanging on the door but we never used them and they were removed from the room after the first day. The bathroom was clean and the water pressure was FANTASTIC! The towels were nice, thick and absorbent and were restocked every day.When we entered the room we noticed that it was very warm. So, we attempted to turn on the air conditioner. Unfortunately, it only emitted warm air and the windows in the room were sealed shut. So, we just turned off the heater all together and never used it during our entire stay. This was really our only complaint about the room. Oh, yeah, the room also featured a comfortable chair with a foot stool in addition to a desk and chair.My partner loves buffets and on the third night we ate in the hotel's buffet restaurant on the second floor. As I began to walk around and look at the dishes offered, I must say that I was not impressed. To make a long story short, I ended up getting food poisoning and was vomiting approximately one hour later. The food in the hotel's buffet is not properly heated and none of the food I put on my plate was warm. While I'm not really picky about buffets, the food in this restaurant was simply not good and because I ended up getting sick, I would not recommend that you eat in the hotel's buffet, or any hotel's buffet for that manner. When the heat for the trays is not properly maintained, bacteria will rapidly spread. Be very careful if you decide to eat there. We did not eat in any of the other restaurants in the hotel for fear of getting sick again. However, throughout our stay at the hotel, there seemed to be plenty of hotel guests eating at the buffet. I hope they had better luck than I did.The hotel also advertises that it has internet access in the rooms, but you have to &quot;sign up&quot; to be able to use the hotel's modem, and the charge is simply a rip-off. We attempted to use the computers in the hotel's business center, but their computers are outdated and we weren't even able to sign onto AOL to check our e-mail. The woman working in the business center was very gracious and kind. There is an internet cafe located close to the hotel. When you exit the hotel, turn to the right until you get to the first major street. From there, turn to the left and walk for approximately 2-3 minutes on the left side of the road. Look inside the businesses as you walk past them and you'll eventually see a coffee bar which has a lot of computers set up. It is sort of difficult to see and we walked right past it a couple of times. For 12 yuan, or approximately $1.50, you get a nice cup of real Colombian coffee and an hour on the internet, not such a bad deal. The woman working in the cafe is very nice. Directly across the street from the hotel is a Chinese fast food chain restaurant that is quite good. If you go in for breakfast, proceed to the counter to order and pay for your food. Once you have done so, you take the receipt to another part of the counter to pick up your food. If you go there for lunch or dinner, you'll be seated immediately and then presented with a picture menu. The waitress will write down your order, take your money, and then bring your change and receipt a few minutes later. A meal for two at this restaurant only cost about $3-4, a GREAT deal! We highly recommend the pork-filled sandwiches in clay oven baked bread, and the grilled dumplings for breakfast...all super cheap! When you exit the hotel and walk to the right, you'll find another Chinese fast food restaurant which was also quite good. Here the wait staff at the register will give you an English menu to look at and are very helpful in helping you figure out what you want. The food here was also super cheap and very good. Unlike the other restaurant directly across from the hotel, this one features a western-style breakfast. The fried rice and sausage was quite good. They also have fried eggs.The people working the concierge desk at the hotel were very helpful and always there to answer your questions. If you ask them for a taxi, though, they will most definitely put you in the most expensive one. There were almost always taxis sitting in front of the hotel next to the street, but be sure to say &quot;meter&quot; before getting in to make sure that they will turn it on. Don't get in until you are sure they are using a meter. We had the hotel book us a taxi for our trip to the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall and it cost us 500 yuan, or about $62. It was well worth it. The concierge person said that was the going rate but one might be able to make the trip via taxi for a cheaper price should you search out a taxi on your own. Whatever you do, don't pay more than 500 yuan for a 6-8 hour rental.The taxi drivers do not speak English so as you're on your way out of the hotel, stop by the concierge desk, tell them where you want to go, and they'll give you a card with the destination written in Chinese. Do not get into any taxis if they do not have a price sticker in one of the windows. Those without stickers are most likely unofficial taxis and you'll probably end up getting ripped off.Across the street from the hotel and a bit to the left is a place to get a foot massage. It cost 128 yuan per person, approximately $16, for about 80-90 minutes and it was well worth it. They'll massage your feet in ways that you never thought imaginable.The hotel apparently has a recreation room but we never had any interest in looking for it. So, in the end, would we stay at the Tianlun Songhe Hotel again? Yes! Would we recommend it to others? Yes! If you're looking for luxury, then look elsewhere. If you're looking for a clean, adequate hotel in a great location, then the Tianlun Songhe Hotel fits the bill! Our trip to Beijing was AWESOME and we look forward to visiting China again someday! Have a great time!	
Feb 22 2006	Great Location. Great Value.	I took my daughter to Beijing for her first trip to China and we stayed here. It turned out to be a great choice. It was comfortable enough to please her and helped make her trip less overwhelming.The rooms where OK, spacious enough, but certainly not luxuriously appointed.The breakfast buffet was fine, nothing to boast about, but always the hardest meal for Americans to find.The location was great. Steps to Wangfujing. Just a short walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Sq. Centrally located to anywhere we wanted to go.I would certainly recommend the Songhe to anyone travelling to Beijing.	
Feb 2 2006	Great value!	We chose this hotel based on location and price. It turned out to be a great choice! Indeed, the location is excellent. The only downside is that there is no subway station particularly nearby (the nearest is perhaps a 10 minute walk down Wangfujing) and at times taxi rides, although fantastically cheap, can take a while in the traffic chaos. This was, however, a minor problem.We were put in a twin room on the top floor, which is a non-smoking floor. On nice days, when pollution did not spoil our view, we had a view of the Forbidden City from our window.Although the rooms are basic and a bit worn, they are just what you need and are kept very clean. Don't know what the policy about throwing towels in a basket if you wanted new ones was about, as they changed all towels daily anyway. Funny that the covering plastic was kept on all lamp shades as well. The English language TV channels we found were HBO and CNN, but I believe there were local news (censored, of course) in English on some of the Chinese channels.We chose to book through an agency that had breakfast included in the price. The big booking engines don't have this included in their prices. We never tried the breakfast in the Chinese restaurant, but only ate in the Russian (!) restaurant. It should be stressed that nothing Russian was found over that breakfast, but it is rather a good, international breakfast.Staff were courteous and helpful. Whether people accept tips or not varies in China (it is in fact illegal to accept), and we learnt that it is not accepted by staff at Songhe.We never tried the hotel restaurants except for breakfast. There are, however, brilliant restaurants nearby. The restaurant just next to the hotel entrance, with lion statues guarding the restaurant entrance, should, however be avoided. It is expensive and the food is not particulaly good either. If you ever get tired of Chinese food while staying there, there are McDonald's, Pizza Haven and KFC very nearby (all three at silly low prices).Our best restaurant recommendation is not far away. As you leave the hotel, turn left, cross Wanfujing and countinue until the very end of this street (i.e. the street on which the hotel is located). Cross the traffic islands and turn right. Continue past a Japanese restaurant and you will find a brilliant restaurant on the next corner. Looks luxurious, but is cheap and serves great food.All in all, Tianlun Songhe Hotel is an excellent choice for people who want a good, well-located hotel, but do not require the luxury and amenities of more than a 3-star hotel.	
Jan 29 2006	A Good Choice	The Songhe is a good priced hotel in a good location to see the sights of Beijing. We were able to walk to many of the places we wanted to see in the city center and for the further sights the taxi rides were cheap. The staff was fun to deal with and extremely helpful for tours, money matters, electrical adaptors, tourist information and train/hotel reservations. Clean with good maid and room service, we had no complaints about our stay there. Loved the breakfast. Especially liked the service of the front door staff who went the extra mile helping with taxi services. We stayed here again on our swing though Beijing when we were leaving China. The Hotel gave us a last good impression of a wonderful country.	
Jul 18 2005	Song He Beijing	We stayed twice at the Song He and would recommend it. The rooms, although not terribly spacious, were very clean and bathrooms immaculate.Breakfast buffet was excellent, with extraordinary choices. Good central location and pleasant informative staff.	
Oct 12 2004	Good Location	The hotel room was basic but very big and comfortable. The room had a TV (with English channels), safe, minibar, and hairdryer. The staff are all very helpful and friendly. The hotel is in a great location just off the main shopping street Wanfujing and about 15mins walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.	
