Nov 19 2009 	Pretty good	Very low price, and a decent hostel.Located in the famous hutongs in the middle of old Beijing (like 1-2 km south of Tiananmen Square). A 10+ minute walk to reach Hepingmen subway station.	
Oct 7 2009 	ideal location for everwhere in Beijing	My wife &amp; I stayed there in September for 2 weeks room 417 in the main hotel. Room quite large and what a relief to have a first class shower. towels and bedding changed regulary.Only down side was storage space for clothing but no big deal. Ask at reception to write down in chinese where you want to go. Also for a card to give taxi drivers to show them where you want to get back to.We thought the breakfast was far to dear. but did not miss it. Food in surrounding restaurants fantastic and so cheap.20 mins walk from Tianamen square if you can resist the temptation not to wonder into the many shops on the way.Then through the square to the forbidden city.Also 20 mins walk from The station at Hepingmen. Train fares 20 yuan (20p UK) to anywhere. Unbelievable! Very easy to use and a tourist train map can be had there for free.We managed to get to most sites by train even though taxis were very reasonable, make sure they put their meters on and beware of any tut-tuts which will trick you ( they say 18 ( £1.80p)and when you get to destination swear blind they said 80...(£8.00p) each)We also took a bus to the Zoo 20yuan and about an hours drive very interesting.I would highly recommend this hotel for a clean room, excellent service ,and helpful staff Ideal for any one who wants to save money for the excellent shopping to be had around.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good hostel in Beijing hutong	Beijing was my last stop on a three-week trip to China. I stayed at far East for 6 nights and would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. After staying in a variety of places, Far East seemed adequate, although a bit pricey for the private rooms based on my other experiences. I chose the hotel for its location, which was convenient - near the subway and Tian'anmen (10-15 walk to each). The hostel is located in a hutong, which I really enjoyed seeing. I'm surprised that I saw several comments here about people not feeling safe in the area and being grossed out - hello, it's a fairly poor neighborhood in a developing country. I never had any issues or felt threatened in any way, and there are people still out selling fruit late at night so it's not at all desolate, plus there are several other hostels located nearby. The hotel istelf is fine - nothing fancy, with rather grim communist decor, but cleaned well every day. One negative is that no cab drivers knew where the hotel was, even with the Chinese map. When I arrived, the cabdriver had a difficult timetrying to drive through the narrow streets which were blocked by a bunch of bikes parked in the way. I ended up just getting dropped off on the main drag and walking into the hutong since it was less bother and probably quicker.	
Jul 19 2009 	Would stay here again!	We stayed here for 4 nights, traveling with another couple and their teenage son. We stayed in the hotel part and found it more than adequate. Rooms were simple but very clean and comfortable, the shower was great, and we all especially liked the restaurant. Hats off to the chef here! The breakfast buffet was very good, but, as with other hotels, we felt the 50RMB was a bit steep considering other meals we had there were more like 18-25 RMB.We booked the 10k Great Wall hike through the hostel....convenient as it leaves from the hostel. (if you're in good shape, don't miss this!)The hostel is within walking distance of many of the traditional tourist sites and we loved the fact that it was located in a hutong area. It's nice that they have several computer areas...lobby, coffee/bar area, and 2 in the restaurant.We would stay here again!	
Jun 16 2009 	Just what we needed	Great location, clean, friendly, well-priced. This place is not a five-star but a perfect base for exploring Biejing area attractions. Stayed 5 nights with my wife, teenaged daughter and father-in-law. Very comfortable and safe. Good neighborhood with easy access to buses and taxis. 20 minutes walk to T-square and Forbidden City. I'd recommend it to anyone.Didn't try the restaurant as we ate in local cafes for variety. There are a couple of convenience stores next door for everything from cold beer to a ride to the airport.	
Jun 11 2009 	Cheated	I was greeted by a scowly faced male receptionist who was servicing another guest. That guest had asked him if they had wireless service. The scowly faced receptionist didn't seem to hear or understand the guest''s question so I answered by pointing out to him another traveller who was in the lobby with his laptop. He seemed to have a wireless connection.I thought that if this staff person didn't understand a customer's question in English, then what are the chances of the other staff speaking better English than this guy? Even when I presented my American passport this guy continued to speak to me in Chinese.I also had to book a train ticket to Nanjing for June 9th. Since one staff person poorly demostrated his English speaking skills I decided to try and book a ticket in Chinese. It was June 6th. I wanted to leave Beijing on the 9th but I didn't have the money. I said that I would pay her on the 7th. She insisted that I pay her now. So I went out to an ATM, got the funds, and paid her that day. I thought everything was ok until I returned from sightseeing the next day. I had not gotten the ticket yet and was wondering when I would get it. It was around 7 p.m. when I enquired about this.&quot;You were suppose to leave TODAY (June 7th)at 4;30&quot;What? Bullshit! I said that I was going to pay on June 7th, NOT LEAVE on the 7th. She, however, continued to argue with me and thus blaming ME for giving her faulty information. So I asked for a refund. She called the Beijing Railway Station to see if that was possible. I paid 324 RMB for a sleeper and I really didn't want to pay for another ticket. Unfortunately the train had already left and I could not get my money back.So in my customer review I wrote a loooong note telling management what happened and that I should at least have a partial refund of my hotel stay because of this woman's bad customer service behavior. They read my review but all I got was a &quot;if-you-have-a-problem-come-talk-to-the -manager&quot;response. I never did get my money back.	
May 21 2009 	Good location more like a budget hotel than hostel	BFEIYH is a hotel that has been converted to a youth hostel. It's tricky to find the first time as it's amidst a Hutong but that certainly has appeal as it gives you a bit of traditional Beijing close by. It's a decent budget option but nothing special.The only thing I would warn against is the agents that work within the hostel. While they are very helpful and friendly, you can easily beat their prices by popping to one of the many agencies nearby for air tickets/trains/attractions	
May 7 2009 	Good option for Beijing on a budget	The Far East has a hotel and a hostel. We stayed at the hotel. Upon arrival the receptionist wouldn't allow us to check in because she perceived a problem with my husband immigration status. We were really upset because she was rude and wouldn't concede that probably she didn't know as much and the immigration agents of her country who had allowed us into the country at the airport and stamped my husband's passport! Finally we were given our room but only after a long discussion when all we wanted was to go to bed after a transcontinental flight. Later the manager apologized, but still I was really upset. The room was big with two twin beds. No frills. The advantage was that right across the street there was a tour agency which we later found out offered the same tours at a much lower price than the rest of the agencies around the city. So if you're on a budget this is a good option you just need a little patience.	
Apr 24 2009 	Good Hostel/Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights in November 2008. We liked that it was really close to Tiananmen Square and that it was cheap (around 30 USD a night). We booked a private double room.The hotel is located in a hutong or an alley. Looks shady at first but it was totally fine. Its great coz youre really close to good food and fairly cheap food at that. The rooms were pretty basic, no frills or anything but has a small TV. There's a bar/cafe/internet cafe downstairs and a convenience store where you can buy water and snacks and such. There was also a laundry facility and a full restaurant in the building. A booking tour agent is also available, which was great, for Great Wall tours, city tours and tickets to Chinese Opera.This is definitely an adequate backpackers hotel/hostel. The only downside I can think of is that it's not really close to the subway station but it is walking distance to the main Beijing sights - Tiananmen square, Temple of Heaven, and even one of the Opera theaters. I'd probably stay here again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Beautiful place	The hostel is situated within Beijing's traditional hutongs which adds to it's character. The hostel itself had a beautiful traditional courtyard with a friendly atmosphere. The cafe is excellent with a variety of food, I actually got addicted to french toast there! But there is chinese food as well. The hostel is close to one of the main metro lines and has a variety of shops and restaurants near-by there is also bike hire if you can brave the Beijing traffic! It is clean and friendly and the staff all speak excellent English.	
Jan 23 2009 	really hope this place doesn't change	This hostel rocks!I stayed in the hotel the first night of my stay- called them direct from Japan using the phone number found in my Lonely Planet guide and had no problems communicating and securing a room.However, when I got there the hotel room was fine but a real non-event. I wandered over to the Hostel part of the property across the road and instantly realised that was where I wanted to be... I booked a dorm bed for the rest of the week and moved there the next day.What can I say? I have such fond memories of my 5/6 days at the Far East, I met some lovely people- the courtyard is such a lovely, communal meeting space and everyone there so open and friendly, and you never felt lonely there although if you wanted your own space people were understanding. It was my first time travelling alone and I loved it. My experience in the hostels in Thailand and Europe had prepared me for huge groups of 18 year olds screaming. There was none of that, people seemed a bit older, a lot of people were travelling alone or in couples so naturally a lot more open to making friends.Yes, the area can feel a bit 'run down' but it is so full of character: you can get a real sense of the China that is slowly being trampled upon by the big bucks of commercialism.Liulichang is close by- a beautiful street and the best place to spend your yuan. The amazing book shops have a wealth of chinese pen and ink prints and illustrated books- beautiful gifts or souvenirs. If you carry on down you get to the smaller shops and stalls which sell a variety of stuff, including some of the tourist tat you'll find elsewhere but with a lot more choice and some better quality stuff. The tea shop at unit 88 (hope it's still there) sold the most amazing jasmine and lychee tea. I lost the woman's card and will forever regret it as she said she shipped overseas. Anyone with this info please get in touch.I actually went here in 2004, but I couldn't choose that (understandably).I've heard that this hostel is still standing and doing a great job, but I thought I could contribute my tuppence worth as I really recommend it.Yes, the bathrooms weren't always clean, but apart from that no complaints.	
Nov 7 2008 	I arrived tried smelly and hungry; I left rested fed and smelling of jasmine!	This is definitely not a hostel. It is a lovely hotel in the most wonderful area in what is possibly the friendliest city in the world.Service was prompt and professional; rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. The water was hot and the air-con worked.If I ever return to Beijing I will stay at the Far East International Youth Hostel.P.S. Watch out for the tea-house scammers when exiting the Forbidden City…	
Oct 28 2008	Perfect location and base for exploring Beijing	We stayed there for four days some weeks before the olympics. We could not have hoped for a better location! Smack in the middle of the charming and busy hutong, one of the few hutongs that were open to us (visible, at least, and not destroyed because of the olympic games). And just a short (and exciting) walk to the Tiananmen Square.Our rooms were nice for a hostel, we had everything that we needed. We only got to try the breakfast buffet once (we were to busy exploring the night life to get up early for breakfast), but it was great, with a lot of fresh fruit, many different kinds of juices, and much more.In the immediate surroundings of the hotel, men, women and children were outside drinking tea, playing chinese chequers (or so it looked to us), having a quick wash (!) in the hutong. Fantastic. And restaurants everywhere, with great and cheap food.We originally thought that we could manage everything by ourselves, but still found it a great advantage to have a functional tourist office in the building, where we bought tickets for climbing the wall, acrobatics, and airport taxi. I am definitely staying here if I ever return to Beijing. We loved it!	
Aug 6 2008 	Luvd it	I was recommended this place by someone in XI'an .I got there and hated the beds but loved everything else.Could not have gotten a better experience into every day chinese life.I ate steamed and fried dumplings every morning down the road and spent all night wondering the allies alone while my girl slept.Safest place I have ever been and the people are great.I would live in this area if I could , and the Hostel staff was jam up and I really love Miss Shen who is in charge of the travel office.I say if you don't mind hard beds , stay here as long as you can .Its near everything too and easy to find being its so close to Tiananmen.	
Jul 18 2008	Good value nice location (if your taxi can find it)	A good, central choice for the price. Clean, reasonably sized rooms, lobby shop, decent breakfasts, and pleasant basement bar with internet access. The hotel also runs the youth hostel opposite, which has a nice cafe attached. Not sure much English is spoken, but staff did their best to be helpful. The hutong location is very quiet and pleasant, a short walk south of Liulichang and a little further from Hepingmen metro station (and a handy Bank of China branch) - you can walk to Qianmen/Tiananmen easily. The only problem was that despite the map cards issued to all guests, some of my party who didn't speak Chinese had trouble getting taxis to locate the hotel, and some taxis refused even to try and find the place. But I'll probably take my student group there again despite that, mainly for the location and the bar. NB: only cars and motorbikes can get up the narrow street to the hotel, so tour groups using buses will have to carry their bags from the main road.	
May 15 2008 	Clean rooms great location for a budget price	The Far East Hotel (Youth Hostel) is about a 15-20 minute taxi ride (cab fare Y20) from the Beijing West train station. It's located in a hutong that is currently undergoing some major refurbishment. Don't expect to be walking in the streets dust-free! Check into the main hotel on the right despite the website putting up a picture of the older style building.The twin rooms were clean, the bathroom was a bit slippery when wet. There is no bath/shower partition. Toilet and shower is all in the one space. There was enough hot water for two people. The staff were friendly and checking in was problem free. Just be aware that the card key you get with your room should be facing up with the picture side down.Across from the Hotel is the Traveller's Cafe which is great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Order the French toast! It's great especially if you've just spent many hours on a train. You can book tours from the hotel. We booked a tour to the Great Wall for (Y300) per person for a private car. No guide was necessary.The hotel is about a 20 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and about a 45 minutes walk to the Temple of Heaven. There are lots to see and explore even in the hutong where the hotel is located.	
Feb 10 2008	It was ok for the price	It was a decent hotel. It didn't cost a lot so I didn't expect a lot. I thought it was a very clean place to stay. My main complaint was that the beds were literally the hardest beds I've ever slept in. And the pillows badly need to be replaced. Other than that, the hotel staff is decent.	
Nov 1 2007 	2 week stay in this hotel	What an experience this hotel was. Felt completely at home.I have seen all the different rooms. The cheapest twin bed room, the one I was in, is the best. Small, and really not much to look at, butit’s a place to sleep which is all I'm using it for. I did not find any of my sheets to be dirty as others have complained. Saw maybe some water spots near the AC vents. Bathroom was more like a walk-in shower with hot water at all hours. The room has a fridge and a TV. My only complaint is that the beds are hard and after 7 hours of sleep I would start to feel pressure points and find myself constantly tossing. The so-called deluxe rooms were exactly the same as the standard room except they had a wooden floor instead of a carpeted floor. Waste of money. And the so called four bed room is just a room in the basement of the hotel with bunker beds, so do not get fooled booking one of these because it is a ugly spot in the hotel.The restaurant was awesome. It served Chinese and Russian food. I'm hungry right now just thinking about it. The waitresses and kitchen staff knew when I would come to eat for lunch and dinner like clockwork, so it must have been good. The breakfasts in the morning, however, were simple servings of eggs and ham and cereal and muffins.No bacon and hash brown in China, I don't think. The coffee was good but try the Black Tea as well. Excellent.For the most part the staff was nice. My family in another room had problems with the sink and the staff came immediately to unclog it. I remember during the China new year they came into everyone's room serving people mooncakes. They provide tours, but I didn't look into them. Service in the restaurant was great. The guy who did peoples laundry was easy to deal with. There were a few troublesome staff members, though. There was a girl in the cafe bar below that sighed and gave me a tired look when I asked for coffee. Chinese often wheretheir emotions on their sleeve so it didn't bother me much. (By the way, there is a big screen TV and a selection of DVDs people can choose from in the cafe, which was cool.) One time I asked a staff member to help me find a restaurant I was interested in, but since she didn't know the English name and I didn’t know the Chinese name, she asked, &quot;Why don't you give it up?&quot; So don't expect the best service here, but it sure is not bad for what little you pay for it. (I watched these people put in 12 hour shifts and never seen them having a day off for the two weeks I was there, so I would be grumpy too.)The absolutely best thing about this hotel other than the price is that it is right in the middle of a busy Hutong full of things to eat and buy. Its just minutes away from a bank to cash in travelers cheques and from the Quan Jude Restaurant. You can literally spend a day just walking the old streets surrounding the hotel (some of whichare quite beautiful, just have to look for them) with stores full of art and antiques and statues and weapons and everything Chinese. It is also near Tian'anmen Square, Forbidden City and Tiantan Park. The friendship Hospital is also nearby, which caters to Westerners. A doctor there cured &quot;my allergies&quot; with some herbal medicine (I'm not kidding!) which no doctor here could ever do, so I would make note of THAT on your trip to Beijing. The Wangfujing shopping district is also nearby. Some Taxi drivers will deny knowing where this hotel is, so just tell them to take you near Quan Jude (not even a city block away) and guide them to the entrance area of the Hutongs where the hotel is. Its easy to remember this whole location once you see it.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great! (considered the price)	Not expensive! Rooms are ok (bathroom can be a little more clean). Everybody (exept clean-lady) speaks english. Close to city highlights. In a really chinese neighbourhood (you have to like it, I really did. You can book all kind of (day)trips in the hotel. Very convenient and not too expensive.	
Aug 9 2007	A Well Run Youth Hostel in a small Neighborhood	We read good things about this hostel and it looked like our best bet in Beijing. We came in from the train station by subway and headed down the main road from the subway stop. We weren't sure which street to turn down but the residents saw our suitcases and assumed that we were heading to the hostel. Along our walk people made sure we turned down the right streets. It is also a tall building and easy to spot when we got close.  The reception desk was friendly and spoke English well enough. The lobby was quite fancy looking which was reassuring. They has a travel desk which we didn't use (we just used Lonely Planet's advice instead) but it is available.  They have a small shop selling snacks and a good restaurant. The buffet breakfast was not included in the price and was a little expensive by Chinese standards, but it was a huge spread and lots of western dishes if you prefer those. The restaurant has good Chinese dishes for dinner at very reasonable prices. Beer is super cheap and they have movies playing every night. They have two free internet kiosks and wifi is available for free in the restaurant. Just know that a lot of western news sites are blocked thanks to the Chinese censors. We stayed in the 6 bed dorm rooms and found them clean with clean linen and a table to work at. All our roommates were very nice.  We found the hostel very well run, like everything was planned out ahead of time to make it a smooth experience for the visitors. When we went to do laundry there was a girl staffing the room to make sure we could figure out the machine and not break it. The shower rooms were great, lots of hot water, clean and they even have heat lamps over the changing areas so you aren't cold when you get out. One design flaw is that the shared toilets (for the dorms) are all the way down the hall and the toilet paper is kept in the shower room. They need a toilet paper holder where the toilets are! The women's toilet is good but the men's toilet is a bit stinky. They need to remember that men pee all over the floor and it needs to be cleaned more often. Some reviews complained about the neighborhood but we thought it felt safe and the neighbors were friendly enough. Buildings are always being torn down because China always seems to be rebuilding everything. I think if what you are looking for is a very cheap but well run hostel, this place is a great. It is a great pick for those on a budget. In the winter the courtyard rooms are closed (it is freezing) but the main hotel was open and warm (a big plus when the temperature is so cold outside).	
Mar 4 2007 	Didn`t like that!	there were several good things about that: the central location, not so expensive and the cheap restaurant (which you can otherwise find all over the city). the reception lady could speak English (at least!! after the 4star hotel where nobody could not understand anything in English!) the negative things: not so clean bed shirts, the bathroom was a catestophy! all the water after the shower was on the floor because of the hole in the ground. br... as well, the way to the center, you go through a very poor district, really poor and depressing view.. but.. if these things are not so important to you, then you can enjoy your stay	
Oct 27 2006 	Great youth hostel in ideal location	We stayed at the Far East Hostel in September 2006.Being my first trip to China and indeed Asia I trusted my travelling buddy wouldn't lead me astray with Youth Hostels. The hostel was located in the Hutongs about 20 minutes walk from Tian'an'men Square and the Forbidden City (where the bus to the Summer Palace also departs from), the nearest Subway is 5 minutes as was Bank of China and there are several tasty restaurants in the vicinity (visit the &quot;Beijing Old Folks Restaurant&quot; for Peking Duck).A double room en-suite cost about 298RMB but I think dorms were available for about 160RMB. Linen was changed every day and fresh towels, soap and toilet paper were provided, breakfast was western style buffet for 28RMB. Internet cafe/bar and restaurant all on the premises.The staff couldn't do enough to help us arrange further accomodation and tours and their travel advisory desk stayed open until midnight, bureau de change available however not for travellers cheques.	
Oct 19 2006 	Good inexpensive place to stay for a feel of more traditional neighborhood	Booked through hostels.com. Stayed on the hotel side of the hostel (about $30 US/night for two people). No problems with reservation and the property took credit cards (normal for hotels, but not necessarily hostels).Location in a hutong is excellent, but don't stay here if you want a Western location/neighborhood. The narrow street is lined with restaurants, laundries, mini marts and produce markets. Everything you need. Be sure to get oranges if they are in season--they were great. Most travel guides recommend a tour of a hutong while in Beijing. We stayed in one.Location is about half a mile south of the Hepingmen subway stop (walk on the left/east side of the street and turn left at the sign for the hostel--it is in about two short blocks) and you are close enough to walk to the Forbidden City. We had the Rough Guide map of Beijing, came in on the overnight train from Shanghai, and successfully navigated the subway (3 yuan per ride) and half mile walk to the hotel easily. But can see how you can get lost if you don't know which subway stop to get off at. Also, the map on the hostel brochure was helpful to cab drivers, but we usually had to show them the location on a larger city map to orient them as well. The hostel needs to improve the map/directions in its brochure for taxi drivers.Restaurant in first floor of hotel had an excellent breakfast buffet (28 yuan) and good Chinese food for dinner, both very reasonably priced. Price for large (600ml) bottles of Tsingtao beer ranged from 20-30 yuan in hotel basement bar, 5 yuan in hotel restaurant to 2 yuan (25 cents US) at convenience store next to hotel. And the room had a refrigerator to keep water and beer cold.Minor issues - Shower leaked and drained across bathroom floor. Air conditioning was turned off for the season during a warm spell in October--only presented a problem if you sat in your room during the day, which would be silly and we didn't do.	
Oct 1 2006 	A quirky sort of place	Not the easiest of places to find. It's right in the hutong, so you get see the real China, before they knock it down, but Taxi drivers have no idea where to go. Our one from the station had to ask for directions. Always take a map with you when you leave so you know how to get back. Is within walking distance of Tianamen square and metro though.Another thing, the hostel is either the courtyard across the road from the hostel, or the basement of the hotel(which is cheaper). Basement was a bit smelly though, but was OK, if you stay in the courtyard, you have to take a night walk across the courtyard for the loo. As for beer - buy from the shop in the street for 20 RMB, way cheaper than the hostel/hotel bars and cheaper than water!. Internet is free in the courtyard hostel, so don't pay in the hotel basement. The food was OK in both hotel and courtyard, but take a wander up the street for some good cheap chinese food. The great wall tour to Jinshinlang to Simitai was booked through them as well and worked out fine.Courtyard is definately cool to hang out in and meet people	
Aug 31 2006 	Stay Away! The Pits!	This is place is awful - don't stay here, don't stay here, don't stay here!The hostel's information makes it seem like it'll be all peaches &amp; roses, but this is hardly the case. It even says if you have a problem with a cab driver to contact &quot;Sally&quot; or &quot;Jason.&quot; Well, I had a tremendous problem getting from the train station to the hostel with a cab driver who wanted to drop me off on the edge of a construction site in pouring rain until I flagged-down a police officer who made the guy take me to the hostel. By the way, this took 1hr because even with a map this place is in an unknown location for cab drivers (Yes, it looks like it's centrally located but it's in a niche that is shantyville).Upon arriving at the hotel I very politely asked for directions to be written in Chinese alongside the map provided online for guests. &quot;Sally&quot; (she's Chinese with an English name) was extremely unwillingly to ask a staff member to write directions. She kept saying, &quot;I think the map is quite good.&quot; Even though, I may sound irate in this review I was completely calm and polite during this episode. Finally she agreed and told a staff member to write some directions. Then she went to the corner of the desk and in Chinese began speaking about me to other hostel employees and pointing at me.The kicker later that same day when trying to get back to the hostel I had to flag down 5 cab drivers before one actually knew the area and even he got lost.The service is completely 100% rude. The next night I stayed at the Sleepy Inn Hostel and I don't even care that I wasn't able to get a refund. There is not 24hr hot water in the dorm-style rooms and the towels provided are frayed and holey (no joke). Also, the bathrooms and bedding has much to be desired. My sheets had faded blood stains on them (probably from a former guests Aunt Flo - nothing grotesque). I can't figure out why people recommend this place. It reminded me of a place prostitutes would go to perform tricks. It's dingy, stodgey, unkept, and the location is awful.It is in a really bad neighborhood and if you're a female traveling alone you will not feel entirely safe walking down the street where the hostel is located. It is an intriguing neighborhood with Chinese setting up makeshift convenience store in their living room and there are many public toliets on the road because of the poor living conditions.My adivce: print off the online map and try to find a cabbie to take you to the hotel to see the neighborhood (quite interesting) and stay at the Sleepy Inn where it's clean.The place is not worth your money. There are much better hostels where you get more for the same amount of money.	
Mar 26 2006	Highly recommended but hard to find!	The Far East Youth Hostel is a bargain in Beijing. It's right in the hutongs so you feel like you are in the real China but still manages to be quiet and to enjoy an undisturbed night's sleep. It's about 20 mins walk to Tiananmen square.The hostel is also a hotel and this is quite confusing. If you are on a budget, make sure that you ask for the hostel rooms, but we managed to negotiate for a hotel room and only paid 200yuan a night.The room was a very spacious room with an enormous bed, 2 chairs and a small table, a desk, small fridge, a wardrobe and a tv. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a hot shower and western-style toilet. The room was cleaned every day. You can also request hot water to make tea.The hotel has a bar downstairs with internet access (although sometimes you have to wait) and a cheap bar and tv. It also has a small store and travel centre and the staff understand English (essential!).On our last day, we left our luggage at the hotel until 7pm for free.Would definitely recommend and use again.	
Jun 8 2005	The perfect budget hotel	The Far East Hotel (next door to the Far East Youth Hostel) is the perfect place for budget travelers, and there is no reason to stay anywhere else in Beijing. It is cheap (&lt;$15 US per person), it's clean, the rooms have been remodeled, it's a fun place, great location, and the staff speaks english and is very helpful. They have a great travel agency there and a 24-hour cafe/bar downstairs where you can hang out, watch dvds, or use the interenet (for cheap). There is a restaurant downstairs that has a descent breakfast buffet. Next door at the hostel, there's a good restaurant that serves Western-style Chinese food and a patio where you can hang out and drink beers for less than $0.25 US! Between the hotel and the hostel, there are plenty of travellers to meet, and you can walk to Tianenmen Square or go shopping for cheap stuff nearby. It is set right in the midddle of the south hutong area of Beijing. The only problem is that it's tough to find, so print out the map on their website to show to the cab driver...	
Nov 25 2004	Nice place but don't use their taxi to airport	I had never been to Beijing before and this place looked cheap and convenient. It was. You can stay in cheaper rooms or dorms there but I paid for a whole room for myself, knowing I'd be exhausted from a long flight. I had a standard hotel room. The room was clean enough, old but in good condition. I am not very picky about those things. I liked the friendly staff at the front desk, and they have a nice bar in the basement where you can watch free movies and get on the internet for a reasonable charge. (The connection is not always good, though).Also a little counter where you can get all kinds of snacks and water. I think the area around the hostel/hotel would be fun to explore, it was certainly interesting to view as my taxi pulled in from the airport. He had a bit of trouble finding it, even though I had a map in Chinese off the website. It is definitely on a side street. I arranged a great tour of the Great Wall with the tour desk there. That worked well.My only caution is about arranging a taxi to the airport through the front desk. Maybe it would have been better to do through the tour desk but it was closed and I needed to leave early in the morning. When I came down the next day, a nice French couple was also waiting. Turns out we were booked in the same cab, and we both paid quite a high price for the cab. That wasn't the worst part. It wasn't really a cab- no markings or meters. And the driver didn't know the way to the airport. We had to tell him the way by watching for the signs with airplanes on them. He missed one turnoff, and proceeded to back up on a busy Beijing freeway about a 1/4 miles. We were truly almost killed. It was crazy! He was not a good driver. So you may do better going out in the street and waving down a cab!	
Oct 2 2009 	??????10?		
Mar 30 2009 	??????????????		
Jun 7 2008 	Super Wahl für einen günstigen Peking-Trip!		
May 4 2008 	très moyen		
Mar 11 2008 	un hotel estupendo muy bien situado		
