	Great 4-start hotel in a great location	I hand-picked this hotel for my group based on tripadvisor.com ratings and was not disappointed. Plenty of nearby shopping and close to the places you want to visit. The hotel lobby was welcoming, the breakfast was very westernized, and the rooms were upscale and clean. The hotel staff were also very friendly and helpful. My only complaint is the prostitutes that hustle business in front of the hotel. If you're a male walking alone at night, expect to be approached by overly friendly women on the sidewalk -- even in very cold weather.	
	Good location the rest average	We have spent three nights. Our room was very small, rather dated, but equipped in everything what is necessary for the 4 stars hotel. The English speaking staff is helpful and reactive.Because of the small size, the hotel is friendly and it`s easier to settle anything at the front desk. The breakfast for us was lousy and cost to much, 20 $ per person.But we can recommend for a dinner the Chinese restaurant on the ground floor, it`s realy good. The using of internet in the Business Centre is also quite expensive. The biggest advantage is location, walking distance to shopping area and many restaurants around.	
Nov 11 2009 	Above Average hotel	Arrived about 2pm but my room and my colleagues were'nt ready for another 40mins. As it happens this was also the same for my other colleagues I talked to who stayed there the week before. The rooms were above average but the B wing of the hotel was far away from the main reception. The room was functional although a little dark for my liking. Breakfast was good with a lot of &quot;european&quot; choice. Overall above average hotel	
Oct 14 2009 	Lovely Hotel I'd happily recommend to friends and colleagues	Close to the British Embassy, a large indoor market and many restaurants and bars. The hotel was fitted to a high standard and the buffet breakfast was very good. Staff were friendly and efficient throughout my stay. If I was to be 'picky', the view from my room was pretty poor, but the room itself was fine. I'd certainly stay there again.	
Aug 10 2009 	A nice place in Beijing near Silkmarket. Swimmingpool etc. included	We booked this hotel for 5 nights per advise of our local Guide contact, for reason of good location (next to silkmarket) and the many Hotel facilities like indoor Swimmingpool, Sauna and good breakfast/diner facilities. All in all good vallue for money.We arrived 3 times in morning at breakfast and were upgraded to &quot;french breakfast restaurant&quot; for reason of occupation in the normal restaurant (wich was already very compleet). Further more we enjoyed very much the indoor swimming pool facility, after having walked a lot on day-time doing the cultural sceneries.Would stay for sure next time here for leasure trip.	
Apr 3 2009 	Comfortable business stay	Being a 10-min walk from the office, the hotel served the purpose and provided all comfort needed for a business stay. My room was spacious, clean, and comfortable with dressing gowns, toiletries, a tea pot, and broadband connection. Gym is small but is open 6am – 10pm. Breakfast was probably my favourite part of the stay as it provided a wide choice of options from Chinese to Japanese and Western foods, including sushi, dumplings, and a variety of fresh fruits. Hotel lobby hosts a lovely café serving fresh loose leaf teas. The rest of the restaurants are boring and overpriced but there are a few excellent local eateries right around the corner – down the path between the hotel and Starbucks.Subway is just 4-mins walk and the Silk Market is across the road. I will stay here again for business.	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Location 	My husband and I stayed at the Jian Guo hotel for 1 week during our visit in Oct 2008. We absolutely LOVED the Jian Guo hotel. I have pretty high expectation for everything, and Jian Guo hotel has exceeded my expectations in everywhere. Our room feels comfortable and warm. There were so much to see in Beijing, so we were rarely in our room; but when we were there the hotel exceeded our expectations. Everything was clean, shower was hot, the sheets are comfortable....etc. The hotel staff can communicate in English fairly well. They gave us two twin beds instead of one king, but we didn't even bother asking them to switch room. It was just a minor thing to us. I am not sure what room we got (most likely the least expensive one?!), but I did notice there was internet available in the room, although we didn't bring our laptop. The location of the hotel was aboslutely PERFECT! It was in between 2 subway stations, and subway was the way to to in Beijing. So conveinent and super cheap. The hotel was also right across from the Silk Market (walking distance), which is a must go for all the shopping you can do in Beijing. We LOVED the hotel and will totally go back. We also loved Beijing, we can't wait to go back and see other parts of China.	
Jan 12 2009 	Good Location and Value	I spent the entire month of November at the Jianguo Hotel. I was in a non-smoking room on the third floor of Building A. While I believe the entire floor was non-smoking, the room had a residual smoke smell that I was able to dissapate by leaving with window open about six inches. The room was on the backside of the hotel and faced apartment buildings. I found the room to be clean and the maid service thorough. The bed was comfortable, though I would have liked a foam pillow option. I've stayed at five other hotels during trips to Beijing and, in my opinion, the breakfast here is by far the best of the lot. In summary, there was nothing all that outstanding or all that bad about the hotel. It was very servicable, reasonably priced and, as a result, a good value.I do disagree with the reviewer who suggested using a taxi versus taking the subway. There's no blanket solution to this issue. It depends on where you are going and the time of day you are traveling. If your destination is close to a subway stop and it's at a time of day when traffic is gridlocked, you'll arrive much quicker on the subway than in a taxi.	
Oct 25 2008 	Relaxing retreat in the heart of the city	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights just before the Olympics. My company has a quite big office in Beijing and colleagues told me this is the best value hotel in all Beijing. We had asked for a garden view room - very nice and pleasant with a small terrace overlooking the fish podn and the trees in the middle of the hotel. The best thing about this hotel is that when you enter the hotel it seems a totally different world than in the streets : no more noise... Breakfast is quite average but I never had a good breakfast in China...	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Location and friendly staff	Oct.1-Oct. 6, 2008Just returned from one week in Beijing during their Oct. 1st National Holiday week. We were able to stay at the JianGuo Hotel for about $128US per day which included breakfast. Staff was very helpful and spoke reasonably good english. We were given a room with King bed on the Jianguo Club floor. It also included snacks and drinks in the evening however this was not explained to us on check-in. Free internet acess was also available thru use of 2 computers on the floor. Remember to get a hotel card from the front desk to show cab drivers for the ride home from shopping and dinner as none of the cab drivers we used were able to speak english. Have the front desk staff write down your destination in Chinese for the cab drivers. Twice we were taken to the wrong restaurant after the doorman had given the directions in Chinese to the cab drivers. It's best to have your destination written down including the address to also show it to the cab driver before you leave the hotel. Cabs are very inexpensive in Beijing so a mistake is not very costly. The hotel only has a breakfast buffet in the morning and it is as good as any I've found in the states. There is also Chinese and Japanese food items available with the buffet. Cost if not part of the room is about $20US so you may want to go to Starbucks.Hotel is located next to a Starbucks and underground Metro station. For the shoppers, it is also located one block from the new Silk Market where everything is for sale and you can hone your bargaining skills. You can usually get items for about 1/4th the asking price so bargain, bargain,bargain. Try walking away and staff will chase you down with a cheaper price. Many shop keepers will ask you how much you want to spend so be prepared. Many are knock offs. This is a 6 story building filled with shopping stalls.Use cabs for travel around the city as the Metro is very crowded. Both are very inexpensive. For the young and adventurist a trip on the metro is a must. Be prepared to be pushed into the car so the doors can close. Metro staff were very helpful in helping foreigners buy tickets and find their way around.Caution: Location of the hotel on tripadvisor map is incorrect. Please check another map source for the address of Jianguomenwai da jie, #5	
Sep 28 2008 	Great if you get the right room	We booked this hotel on the basis of the contents of their website and the reviews we read. As such I was surprised to see the tired appearance of the room we were given on arrival. We booked an executive business room as my husband was on the back of a business trip and needed internet access(we later discovered that all rooms have internet). We also assumed that the rooms would be of a decent quality and the 2 hours of complimentary snacks and drinks every evening was also of interest (this turned out to be more depressing than happy). When we raised the subject of the room with the staff at the business wing reception they simply weren't interested. As we were booked in for 10 nights my husband was ready to book into another hotel. However, I convinced him to speak to Guest Relations first. We were shown two other available rooms in Building B which were much more akin with those on the website and we moved that evening. No more tired plastic bath, poor view and shabby carpet. The replacement room had a balcony with a not unpleasant view, was on the top floor so nice and quiet and a walk in shower big enough for 2.The hotel's location is great - 100m from the underground which is easy to use and cheap and 200m from the silk market.If you can get your room right this hotel is fine. HOwever, my biggest critisism is the higher level staff. Guest Relations acted as though we were an inconvience on the 3 occassions we spoke with them (3 different people). After a 10 night stay we weren't even wished a safe onward journey by the reception when we checked out and the travel desk will only offer tours through the company they have an agreement with. It even felt difficult to get them to call the theatre for us.The best staff i this hotel are the cleaners. In addition to doing a beautiful job of the room every day they were always friendly and polite. Would I stay here again? Possibly, but only for the hotel's great location not because there is anything special about the hotel, it's fine.If anyone from the hotel was to read this review I would recommend that they encourage their front of house staff to take a lesson in customer care.PS. The drinks in the hotel bar with bankrupt you - 1 beer and 1 coke + service charge = almost £10!!!	
Sep 16 2008 	This is my home in Bejing when visiting	I Have stayed here 3 times previously and staying again this October. Location is excellent and I feel safe here on my own as a solo female business traveller. Staff are friendly and helpful and I love the breakfast as its sets me up for the day. Its a buffet of european and chinese food and I usually have a combination of both.As for being unfriendly to local chinese this is never the case in my experienbce. My Chinese colleague and I stay here each visit and she finds them very friendly and professional. Location is a 5 minute walk to the pearl market and some shops and tailors on the way which are quite good. I often wake early jetlagged and go for a morning walk.Business centre is a bit pricey but the in room internet connections are excellent. Taxis are readily available from the door man and they front desk are helpful with maps, directions and suggetions of where to eat in the area. Most rooms have been renovated and are lovely modern and clean.I reccommend it as a smaller friendly hotel not a giant horrible chain where you get lost in the lobby!	
Aug 15 2008 	6 week stay	Having already spent a month (with two more weeks to go) in this property prior to and during the Olympics, I have had the unique opportunity to become intimately familiar with this hotel. As part of my duties managing groups of guests here for the games, I have personally inspected over 50% of the rooms and can report that the standards are high, the service personal, and the facility well located for business travelers as well as casual tourists. All rooms have been renovated and are generally clean and spacious, particularly those on the Executive level of the A tower. After their Olympic experience, the hotel staff is now even more attuned to the needs of international travelers from around the world. Their enthusiasm is also better paired with improved language skillsThe breakfast buffet is normally included in the room rate and offers a wide selection of foods, including eggs cooked to order. Their evening buffet in the Café is equally extensive. Justine’s Restaurant offers French cuisine, with attentive servers who do try to achieve French service standards. I have not had the opportunity to try the Chinese restaurant on property. Room service is reasonably priced and quickly delivered. Charlie’s Bar offers a wide range of libations and live music in the evenings, as well as food. The lobby coffee and tea service is a lovely treat.The pastry shop just outside of the front door is owned by the hotel and has the freshest baked goods around, as well as sandwiches and a small selection of ice cream. I visit on a daily basis to get my morning coffee to go.The business center is slightly expensive, but fairly well equipped. The hotel salon offers many services. (Personal note: I love the way Kevin cuts hair and will miss him when I have to leave!) The exercise room has a nice variety of equipment and a marvelous view over the courtyard gardens and pools. The indoor pool is slightly warm for my personal tastes, but is well used by guests. A sauna and steam room are located in the pool area. There is even free wireless internet access in the lobby area. As mentioned in other reviews, the Jianguo is located near the Silk Market. Let me add that the neighboring streets are lined with a wide assortment of dining options. Certainly individual tastes vary, but anyone who cannot find something to suit their needs should carry their own food from home. Explore the alleyways and you will find numerous non-tourist restaurants featuring local menus that will please your taste buds and definitely go easy on your wallet. Ordering from the picture book menus is easy to do, and yields an amazing assortment of options. Should I ever return to Beijing, I will definitely return to the Jianguo Hotel.	
May 27 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	Great Hotel that is reasonably priced conveniently located on the Line 1 subway line close to Tiananmen Square, the shopping district and some good restaurants. The hotel is very clean with nice rooms overlooking a garden. It was nice to sit out on our small patio in the morning, drinking tea overlooking the garden. It gives you a nice haven outside of the city life. The restaurants are pretty good. The breakfast buffet is very good as well as a very nice French Restaurant. I wouldn't recommend their chinese restaurant, as the food wasn't so good. The staff is very helpful and accomodating. They also had tea, drinks and snacks in the lobby in the afternoon. I would definately recommend this Hotel for anyone heading to Beijing.	
Mar 31 2008	Decent hotel in Beijing for holiday and business.	Good location. Metro (Line 1) entrance from neighbor building. Very close to the Silk Street. Friendly service. Rooms were a bit old when I stayed there - I heard they had some renovations later.Breakfast was excellent. But dinner at the French restaurant was a big disappointment.	
Mar 6 2008 	Great place for foreigners centrally situated	Nice hotel, its very foreigner friendly. Internet access is very good, very fast, and fairly cheap (its filtered though). The laundry services are priced like 5 star hotels are in the US, but thats OK if you're getting it expensed.Bedroom was great. Huge bed. Great facilities, in-room.If you're going to hold business meetings in the hotel, this might not be the place to be though. They seem to be very weary of Chinese people, especially females. The host company's receptionist was meant to be my guide and she faced issues coming into the hotel, twice. Pulling &quot;foreigner clout&quot;, she managed to come in to take me for dinner once, and once we had breakfast in the hotel.Otherwise, staff are OK, there's a nice water feature, and the hotel has a great, central location. Taxis are always available.	
Dec 2 2007	Great Alternative Hotel in the World Trade Center Area...	Just wrapped up my 20th trip to Beijing and have stayed at hotels in all areas of the city. I stayed at this hotel about 8 years ago and wasn't overly thrilled then but gave it another try last week given all other hotels in the area had no suites left. Overall, this is a great alternative hotel choice for Beijing that, for the price makes this comparable to any other hotel.Pro's* This is a smaller hotel thus not all of the noise and lack of service that I have experienced so many times in other large hotels (namely the Hyatt and China World hotels where there are simply too many guests for the hotel to service them all). Also, very easy to get in and out of this hotel without the hassles of a massive lobby or requring a key card to use the elevator.* Recently renovated rooms. I stayed in a suite in the B wing of the hotel, bed was comfortable, room was clean and no noise at night. Pictures attached to this review.* Price - this suite was 1/2 the price of the comparable suite at any hotel in the area (China World, Kerry Centre) and I can say that the experience certainly did not reflect a lesser price.* Experience with foreigners. This hotel was absolutely full of foreigners -- americans and europeans; tourists and businessmen alike. Everyone in the hotel spoke English. Con* A smaller hotel may not appeal to some; this hotel lacks the pomp and size of the large hotels. People on this site seem enamored with the large hotels like Hyatt and China World Hotel despite the terrible service in these hotels.	
Nov 28 2007	Centrally Situated Hotel	We had a three night stay here during a tour and found it very good for a three night stay. The room was clean and had all you could want for a short stay including a balcony. The breakfast buffet was as good as you get anywhere. The hotel is very close to bars, restaurants and The Silk Street Market.	
Aug 18 2007 	Excellent Hotel in China	RoomsThe rooms in hotel wer very nicely decoratted and look just like the rooms in the pictures. I don't know what we payyed because we were on tour but it was very nicely decoratted with a great buffet breakfast. Most of the people in the hotel speak English. The bell is prompt and the it had very nice bathroom. There were robes and laundry service. The best of the hotels I stayyed in on tour while we were in CHina with Charming Holidays.We stayyed here two nights. I believe we stayyed in Room 212 in the new tower. The only complaint i have is that the beds wer hard but I found that this was true all trhough China.LocationWe had a driver but the hotel was a good location to many of our attractions. In one day we went to the Great Wall, Forbidden City, tianemen Square. Bejing seems to be going through a modernization because they are preparing for the Olympics.Extras in HotelWe did you the internet and it was nice and really fast. We got a massage for about twelve dollars in our room. My husband and I agreed that the it was the best massage that we had while we were in China and we had several. The hotel is professional, friendly, and I would recommend it to my best friend.There is a very pretty garden in the middle of each tower area.	
May 27 2007 	Stayed at the Jianguo a number of times	We have used the Jianguo a number of times over the last year while in town on business. It is clean, the staff are helpful, the pool is great, the lobby is a nice spot to wait for someone. My one complaint are the rooms are dark and relatively small. There are a number of good restaurants with in walking distance - the Blue Marine, a Mexican restaurant.The location is OK - still quite a distance to most attractions. For the money I think you could find better.	
Mar 18 2007	not a fan	I traveled to China on a study abroad with a group from my university. I had nothing to do with booking this hotel. So I take no blame! I have stayed at the Prime hotel previously in Beijing.The hotel is located on a major street right next door to a starbucks, stores and a silk market. There are no good restaurants within walking distance. It was an ok location otherwise because of its centrality. Breakfast was good but not amazing.The entrance is ok from the outside. The lobby is also average. The water garden was actually very pretty. You could see the water streaming from the lobby and it was very zen-like. There are 2 buildings 1 is the original and the 2nd a work in progress. They both share one lobby. I had to switch rooms at one point so I can comment on both buildings. 2nd building: There are noxious fumes floating thoughout the building, rooms and lobby due to said renovations. The rooms in the new building are actually very nicely decorated in asian contemporary. The bathrooms are nice with standing showers. The beds are actually very comfortable with down comforters. There is free wireless access available...but it's like watching grass grow. There are terraces with views of the water also. However, I would open the terrace door to air out the smell of fumes and in would come the scent of pollution and wood cutting since the construction was all over the place.The old building is in need of renovations. The bathrooms are moldy and old. The rooms are decorated similarly however, the furniture and linens are aging. The wireless was faster on this side. No terrace in this room.I do not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 18 2006 	Relaxed and Comfortable	Ex-pat friends recommended this hotel to us as I was staying on my own in Beijing whilst my husband was working elsewhere in China, and I wanted a hotel that was central, comfortable and safe. The Jinguao was all this and more. It is definately worth booking into the executive rooms on the fourth floor. You have your own check-in desk, happy hour bar and breakfast toom and excellent concierge service, away from the hustle and bustle of the main hotel lobby. The only reservation I had about the hotel, was the fact that main breakfast restaurant was very busy with coach parties.The hotel facilities were excellent. The pool was always empty and I visited the beauty salon for a manicure, pedicure, massage and a hair do - all excellent service and great value for money.Unfortunately, the excellent French restaurant 'Justines' was closed for refurbishment, but the adjacent coffee shop sold the most scrumptious cakes and pastries, which did make up for it somewhat. The hotel has a great location, close to a department store and the silk market, and is a great place to be in this ever-changing city. A few minutes walk away there are several international restaurants (Mexican, Italian etc) and I felt perfectly safe visiting them alone at night.Once my husband joined me, we upgraded our room to the split level suite, which had a balcony overlooking the hotel garden. It provided a very comfortable workspace for my husband and the most luxurious bathroom for me. An excellent hotel, which will definately our first choice in Beijing in the future.	
Mar 4 2006 	Good hotel at a great location parts of the hotel premise need renovation	Stayed here from 2/15-2/20 then again from 2/23-2/27. It is an older hotel but has gone under extensive renovation recently. Some rooms have the traditional beautiful Chinese garden setting. The location is unbeatable - it is right on Jianguomen Street and close to the World Trade Center, a major shopping area as well as the subway (right in front of the hotel). Very popular hotel for foreign guests.I got different rooms during my stay - be sure to request a room in Building A as all rooms on this side were recently furbished and nicely decorated (equipped with mini-bar, tea/coffee station and a nice bathroom). Many rooms in Building B are old and dingy looking, I was put in a room on Building B side for one night and had to request the room change the following morning due to its filthiness and noise. Other than this minor problem, I had a very pleasant stay. Hotel staff is professional, good room services, wonderful selection of breakfast and free in-room broadband internet access. There are many newer hotels on Jianguo Men Street/Dong Chang An Street but this one seems like it's always one of the favorite hotel for foreign guests. Wouldn't mind coming back again.	
Dec 3 2005	Handy and Hospitable	We stayed at this hotel for five nights and had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is rated four-star according to the local system and it certainly lived up to Western four-star standards. Our room was not huge but nicely appointed with a good sized bathroom. The bed was a comfortable king-size and the TV provided local and international channels including BBC, CNN, French, German and Italian, as well as ESPN and Star Sports. Bottled water was provided to our room each day. Staff were very freindly and helpful and spoke enough English for simple conversations and requests. Staff at reception and in the restaurant spoke more English than others. For more complicated issues, such as the location of an ATM, we found hand gestures got the message across. The entrance to the hotel was being refurbished for the 2008 Olympics but this had no effect on our stay and management provided a 50 yuan voucher for use in the hotel restaurants to compensate for any inconvenience. The hotel is located very conveniently on the main road which runs east-west through Beijing past Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. Under the building next door is a subway station only four stops from Tiananmen. The only drawback was the lack of places to eat in the district. We found a noodle restaurant and an Indian/Thai resturant but that was about it. The hotel itself has several restaurants including an excellent Chinese.	
May 12 2005 	Decent property good location could use a facelift	Good hotel overall. Kind of a lowrise, 9 floors maximum. It has really pretty gardens (see photos) good for people on the first floor. Nice lobby for hanging out very large with many tables, you can order drinks and food. Very good breakfast with cooked to order crepes, salad, fruit and cereal, among other things. Very good location being only a block away from the silk market. Lots of things around hotel, such as Starbucks, Mcdonalds, and Pizza Hut, also other good local restaurants as well. Check out the grocery store in the bottom floor of the Silk market. Safes in room, also coffee maker, and refrigerator which is very handy. Tianenmen square/Forbidden City on same road. Try the Subway which is half a block, it is clean and safe, costs .37 1/2 cents US and they announce stops in English. The hotel does need some work as the carpets are a little worn, but overall I was very comfortable here and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Normalito pero puedes ir		
Oct 9 2009 	????		
Jan 21 2009 	??????????		
Nov 5 2008 	??????????????????????????		
