	Superb view Good service and Chic design	Park Hyatt Beijing is located on the top floors of the Yintai Centre. We got a great view of the Beijing landscape and its neighbouring sky-scrapers (CCTV Tower etc.) from the sky lobby and the rooms.Service that I experienced was really good. To start with, the staff wore friendly smiles. And what's more, one of the members of the staff even took us around and introduced us to the hotel upon our first arrival.My family and I (4 of us) stayed at 2 Park Twin rooms. The interor design was sleek and modern, with a slight oriental touch. I especially like the ACCA KAPPA bathroom amenities.All in all, the Park Hyatt Beijing was a good deal, considering the comfortable and unforgettable stay that it provided my family and I with.	
Nov 20 2009 	Disappointing Stay	The room was pretty, but unfortunately that was the only positive part of our experience. All 3 whirlpools have been broken for over a month. Dining staff and concierges were rude. Service would have been disappointing at a budget hotel, but at a Park Hyatt it was ridiculous.Stay someplace else.	
Nov 3 2009 	Terrible Terrible Terrible Hotel!!!	I stay there from September 30 to October 4, 2009 for 60th Anniversary of PRC.We purchased our hotel nights via Park Hyatt Official website. Their website was advertising &quot;City Gateway&quot; which included a bottle of red wine, mooncake and CNY500 Spa coupon. However, after few days of staying when we asked about this offer, Park Hyatt staffs were saying that they never had such a promotion.Later, they came back saying it was their aggressive promotion from their marketing team and their internet system has some problem.Due to this confusion on their end, our feeling for staying their place was completely ruined.If you want peace of mind, it is not worth to deal with their inexperienced hotel staffs.Horrible experience...PARK HYATT should know how terribly this place is running...	
Oct 21 2009 	real nice hotel	the rooms at the park hyatt were really nice. the staff was friendly and did their best to speak english. the bar situation was a little weird, in terms of them reserving bar stools for people for hours that never showed, but the view and 3 man band is definitely worth the weirdness. the spa was amazing, complete with great views of the city. we went two separate times. reflexology is a must after climbing the wall. the gym was also great. the only downside is the elevator situation. you have to ride two elevators to get down to the lobby. it's fine once you get the hang of it, but you definitely have to leave yourself an extra 5 minutes or so to get out of the hotel. if that was the worst part, it wasn't so bad. it wouldn't keep me from staying there again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Terrible experience at Xiu	Whilst the hotel itself seems ok, the service and management of Xiu is definitievely not, even though managed by Park Hyatt. Together with 2 business partners we wanted to have dinner at China Grill. It was fully booked, Fair enough as we did not have any reservation. We wanted to make a reservation for the following day but wanted to see the restaurant first. That was refused by the hostess who mentioned that there is no show-arrounds during dinner service.....The gentle British Restaurant Manager corrected that and let us have a look, so we booked a table for the following day.Thereafter we went down to Xiu and were waiting on a cocktail table to get one of these marvelous terrace tables when a huge fight broke out between clearly intoxicated locals and 8 or nine women. Apparently one of the guys pushed a pregnant woman so a huge quarrel began and security rushed to the scene and we hoped, they would remove the drunken and loud incubents. We got a table in the meantime but the quarrel was far from over and security did nothing but standing around as they were clearly afraid to interfere. The trouble makers were shouting and yelling, so police arrived. 1 man only. He disappeared 10 minutes later and the discussions as well as requests from the women group continued to get these guys removed. These guys looked dangerous, the ringleader having bandaged both hands from previous fights already, was clearly a sign that they would insist on their right to continue drinking. So - the manager decided to sit down with them, have a drink and a smoke to get them cool down. But after an hour, still no action, the manager sitting with the trouble makers, smoking, drinking and yelling guys around us. In the meantime, all tables around them were emptied except ours as we were in the middle of the dinner.To our surprise, the waiter came to our table asking us to pay the bill and leave! In the middle of the dinner...... The reason he gave, that security wanted to empty the restaurant first to remove these guys by force..... At the entrance were over 50 people queuing for a table and around 15 security guards standing by. How could you get these guys removed?I went to a Western person, who seemed to be the superiour of the Restaurant manager as he was still sitting with the trouble makers. I asked him, why we were refused being served but the real trouble makers were not even asked to leave or pay. No answer and refusal to give his name or position was his only reaction.So we insisted of service continuation and got finally, another drink. Then we decided to leave and never come back!In brief: Extremely rude service, a management clearly not able to handle such a situation and the senior management hidding behind the backs of the security guards. All existing customers were asked to leave instead of getting trouble makers instantly removed once the brawl broke out.Well done, Park Hyatt team. You showed me on this evening that you did not train your employees properly in crisis response but chose to anger 40 + people rather than doing the right thing.Arrogance seems to be a common practice at Park Hyatt due of the daily crowds at Xiu. I kindly invite you to have a look on best service practices at your neighbour China World or at your big brother Grand Hyatt. The manamagement team there, seems to have better ways to service customers and it's ranking far above your hotel at Tripadvisor reflects the real situation, apparently.	
Sep 22 2009 	very high calibre city hotel - enjoy!	As other reviewers have mentioned, for some reason cab drivers can't find the place. Despite being armed with a map and a Beijing-resident Mandarin-speaking friend, the first two cabs I tried declined even to try to find it, and the third had to be navigated in on my cellphone by the hotel reception. All quite entertaining, really! Apart from that the location wasn't an issue as I was at conference in the hotel so never had to leave.Everything else was excellent. My room was booked at an absurdly cheap conference rate which made this the best value hotel I've stayed in for years.You're in the top half of a skyscraper, with three lift banks to choose from depending on where you want to go. I guess that could be a bit of a puzzle, but just allow a couple of minutes extra and you'll be fine - and the views compensate for the minor confusions. The staff are very professional, easily comparable with the best Hong Kong 5* hotel staff. And the hotel's very tastefully decorated, &quot;understated modern with generic Asian accents&quot; as an interior designer might describe it.The room was big, with an open plan layout (so the bathroom is part of the room - which I like but you might not if you're sharing with a not-quite-best-friend). It has a high-tech Japanese toilet, which you'll find in every 5* hotel globally within a few years, they're so good. Nice big (tho' square!) bath, with bath salts. Plenty of work space, moderately expensive internet, coffee machine and kettle. CD/DVD player (tho' an ipod player would have been nice). Uber-comfortable bed and bedding as you find in all the top-end chains. Electronic controls for everything, including the blinds and a very effective blackout shade for you daytime sleepers.Breakfast was on the 66th floor and was a nice mix of buffet and a la carte, all included in one price. I really like this - it irks me to have to fetch my own breakfast if I'm paying for it, but buffets do allow you to customise, so this was a good compromise. I swam a couple of km in the pool, a 25m lap pool so you can do a proper workout set - and what's better is that the staff KNOW how long the pool is. The overwhelming majority of front-desk staff have no idea how long their pools are, so unless I go scope it out when I check in, I can't plan my morning set the night before! Well done Hyatt on the staff training! Beautiful gym and changing room, too, though in this quality of hotel I'd have expected to find a few more toiletries (razors and cream, deo, etc - a pretty minor moan I admit).I didn't explore the mall, but I'd imagine your shopaholic friends could burn a few thousand dollars on branded toys very easily, if that's their thing.So all in all, this is one of the best and most sophisticated big-chain hotels you could envisage staying in, reminiscent (not surprisingly) of the Hyatt at Roppongi Hills in Tokyo. Enjoy!	
Aug 19 2009 	Nice hotel in wrong location	Take the subway and you are right below the hotel. Very convenient. Though you have to walk through a tunnel if you come in on the number 10 line. Take a taxi? Forget it. You better know how to explain how to get to the hotel or have the number for the driver to call. Even then, he probably won't find the entrance. Worst design for an entrance to a hotel I've ever seen. Plus, there are no regular taxi's waiting. They have a private taxi that does not use the meter. I used it once and coming back with a regular city taxi found out it was only 2 Yuan more. However, that was on a short ride. So hard to say. I don't like not knowing if I got ripped off or not. The area itself is close to everything and not in a remote location. So that's good. It would help if the building had a Hyatt sign on it.That being said, the hotel itself is top notch. Everyone speaks perfect English and is very friendly. I asked if I could get an upgrade to a corner room and did! Much larger room than the regular one with great views all around. The room is amazing. Shower and tub that look over the city. Japanese style toilet that sprays water in more places than I needed and then has a dryer to boot. Heated seat is very nice though, even opens up automatically.Nice hardwood floors that were not slippery. Controls for everything. Had to ask to find out you have to hold the blind switch to get them to raise after closing. Nice espresso coffee maker. Very nice bed.Never made it to the pool or gym so I can't comment on it. Only stayed one night.As other's have said, the elevators are a pain. If you come into the hotel from the ground level and go to your room, you must go up before you go down. Then to go to the bar/restaurant it's two elevators again! Little silly just to show off the 63rd floor check in!Would I stay here again? Probably not. The hassles with the taxi's when not using the subway is just not worth it. Now if you JUST use the subway, you are in a GREAT location. However, those damn subway's are ALWAYS crowded and it gets old after awhile being locked in a sardine can.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great views from beautiful room.	Stayed twice in two weeks - 2 nights each stay. Upon our 2nd check-in the hotel addressed us immediately by our sir name - very 5 star! Front desk staff was the perfect combo of friendly and professional - often hard to achieve in Beijing. Lobby, as well restaurant/bars, are located on the hotel's highest floors - stunning views of city. Actually the hotel's best feature is the view! We had a corner room for both stays - very large with windows everywhere. Amazingly comfortable bedding. The toilet is a trip - many buttons w. crazy features! Too funny. Only negative in room design was the highly stylized shower. It required towels be set under the glass door to stop water from escaping. Also the lights were a little confusing to turn on and off from the bedside panel.The spa and workout facilities are beautiful and like everyplace else in this hotel offers amazing city views! Great steam and sauna. The indoor pool was an oasis.Room service and restaurants/bars are pretty pricy, but expected at 5 star hotels in Beijing lately. Hotel sits atop a high-end shopping mall with some restaurants. Two major subway lines are footsteps from the hotel and the Silk Market is an easy walk. Ideal 5 star hotel in great location.	
Aug 17 2009 	Stylish contemporary	Everything you'd expect from an expensive, top end hotel. The &quot;Park King&quot; room is easily the best I've had the pleasure of staying in, perfect for relaxing after a hard day in the office. Spacious, contemporary, well furnished and with great views. The deep limestone bath is superb. There are a lot of electronic controls in the room for lighting, blinds, and even the toilet is one of those Japanese inventions that has a control panel of its own.The views from the China Grill &amp; Bar on the 66th &amp; 65th floors respectively are awesome. Breakfast is in the China Grill. There are a lot of staff on hand, all eager to please and serve. The only gripe I had was with the reception being on the 63rd floor. It is a little inconvenient having to go all the way to the 63rd and then down again to one of the lower floors to get to your room. When you want to leave the hotel, you have to repeat the process again - up to the 63rd and then down to the bottom...One note of frustration (and not really the fault with the hotel) is that taxi drivers don't seem to know where it is. We almost always had trouble finding a taxi driver who knew where it was even after showing them a card with the hotel's name, address in Mandarin &amp; a map of the location! This was surprising considering it's the tallest building in the area. Other than that, highly recommended and in my view, better than the JW Marriott I stayed in on a previous visit.	
Jul 18 2009 	Beautiful hotel but I wouldn't stay there again	While the hotel is beautiful, there are too many isssues to warrant staying there. The lobby is on the 63rd floor which has gorgeous views, but you have to take 3 elevators to get to your room from the enterance of the hotel-inconvenient at the very least. Because the hotel enterance in in the middle of complex rather than on the street, taxis are hard to get and returning to the hotel by taxi is a problem because taxi drivers don't know the hotel and have a lot of trouble finding the hotel and the entrance. It was the only hotel in China in which we stayed that there weren't taxis waiting. The hotel is somewhat out of the way although taxi rides are inexpensive. It is the most ultra modern hotel I have stayed in.	
Jul 14 2009 	Delightful - top marks highly recommended	I was lucky enough to enjoy the Park Hyatt as a little getaway from the city rush last weekend - it was absolutely delightful. I stayed in a standard King room which had an amazing view, was very spacious and had a lovely deep sandstone bath.The decor was lovely, the food delicious and the service - brilliant.All requests were cater for in an instant - even the bellboy buying some headache tablets from the pharmacy!Will be back for an escape - cannot fault.Oh, I didnt use the gym or pool, but bothy looked excellent, a long pool and brand new technogym-equipped gym.Outstanding outstanding	
Jul 8 2009	Very Chic	The Room: It comes with a spa-style decor bath area with in-ceiling rain shower. There are 2 sliding door in the room, one of which closes the main door sealing out sounds from the corridor, the second divides the bathroom from the bedding area. The room also has two lighting mood settings. In general, the room's design has strong Asian influences. The Service: The hick-up of the hotel is something that I've also had at the Shanghai Grand Hyatt in that, being a Chinese myself, some of the staff automatically speaks to me in Putonghua even after I reply in English. A somewhat frustrating experience when they only speak English when I tell them I don't understand what they are saying in Putonghua myself. I was also slightly offended at the China Grill when I tried to make a reservation with the receptionist there where I had a camera in my hand and in 'off' mode and was told I can't take pictures of the menu?!?!The Food: The Lobby Lounge seems to be the most reasonable in price and quality. No real need to go up to the China Grill although it's a couple of floors higher than the Lobby Lounge which is already on the 62nd floor.	
May 25 2009 	An experience matching the Great Wall	Due to a broken foot I was &quot;trapped&quot; in the Park Hyatt Beijing for 4 days. To start with: the concierge was extremly helpful in arranging for transport to the hotel. This included organising a wheelchair which was waiting for me right in front of the train with which I arrived - one hour late. The staff waited. The manager welcomed me personally and generously offered an up-grade from a corner room to a suite right away. I spent the 4 days alone in suite 4303 and wasn't bored for a moment... Internet (at an extra cost of 120 yuan per day) allowing me to skype with the world, international TV, luxurious baths, great views, in-room dining - it was all a pleasure. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Front desk, concierge and butlers are all fluent in English. This is not to underestimate when dealing with medical issues.As good as it can get under the given circumstances!	
May 20 2009 	Perfect Park Hyatt	My three night stay here was practically faultless, extremely comfortable and with friendly and professional staff in every department. Benny, the Head Concierge was particularly helpful and personable, prior to arrival and during my stay. The limousine airport pick-up was particularly impressive and while more costly than a taxi it comes with great extras. Guests are met right at the air bridge and quickly escorted through all the various ‘checks’ and baggage collection, then whisked through a special exit straight to the waiting BMW. 40 minutes later greeted by name by the door staff and escorted to the reception on the 63rd floor where formalities are quick and efficient.The bedroom had stunning views (although the windows were rather dirty!), comfortably laid out and a pleasure to use. Lovely square bath and rain shower, quality toiletries, hi-tech separate WC which does everything imaginable, excellent lighting, supremely comfortable bed, great linen and impeccable housekeeping. Nespresso coffee machine (some fresh milk in the fridge would have been a nice touch), silent air conditioning and great soundproofing.Good gym and pool facilities. The China Grill and Bar was a real highlight of the stay. Stylish surroundings, great nightscape views, friendly and knowledgeable staff, memorable classic martinis and excellent food. I was impressed with both dinners sampled – so much better than my experience at the Grand Hyatt/Made in China.I found the hotel very well located for exploring Beijing with Guomao Station (Lines 1 and 10) just 2 minutes from the hotel. For shopping, the World Trade Centre complex, opposite, offers all the usual stores and within the hotels own building are some particularly top-end designer shops.	
May 20 2009 	Stunning but minor quibbles	We stayed here for 4 days in early MayThe hotel and staff are everything you would expect from the Park Hyatt group, excellent service, spectacular space, comfort, convenience, etcStay if here if:- you need assistance with advice in Beijing and/or China. The size of Beijing is daunting (and I Iive in London!). The staff will bend over bankwards to assist with anything from going to the shop for you to advising best times and places to visit- want something familiar and not too boutique/original. - location, it's relatively central, but so long as your within ring road 2 it's fine- want awesome views of Beijing, particularly CBD- superb facilities (health club, spa) - the pool is in the tower, so you can swim and look over BeijingMinor quibbles- staff were consistently unable to get cabs between 6-7pm in the evening, which caused us to be late for appointments. This is despite the sterling efforts of staff posted outside the main road, trying to wave taxis into the complex- China grill is shockingly expensive. Quality of western food not great. Chinese is food is great, but not value for money- as the hotel is relatively new and in the middle of a business park (and away from the main road), cab drivers don't know where it is. Having said, finding a beijing cab driver who knows where anything is, is a result- shower faucets are too low, so they spray water at you rather then on top of you- we found the decor a bit sterile. Given the rich history of chinese art/asthetics, etc the hotel hasn't really leveraged this. If you want a &quot;hotel with chinese character&quot; then this is not the place. Try Opposite House, China world Hotel, etc	
Mar 27 2009 	Best room 	This is a new level in hotels / rooms. Everything is first class and the staff is exceptional in every area of the hote. This is a MUST stay if you can do it ....even for one night. Rooms are so well planned and designed it is total comfort. A real experience!!	
Feb 25 2009 	Simply Marvelous	Date of Stay: February 19-22,2009?Room Type: Park Deluxe Room?Upgrade: Amount Paid Per Night: 2 nights Free from Hyatt Gold Passport’s Faster Free Nights Promo (paid additional RMB500 for an upgrade) + RMB2900 + 15% for Awake Package on the 3rd night.Reservation Method: Hyatt Gold Passport WebsiteLoyalty Card: Platinum Hyatt Gold PassportAirport/Hotel Transfer: Booked a car transfer from the airport, normally hotels in China, most of the ones that I’ve stayed in send an Audi A6L but the Park Hyatt sent a BMW series 5. The hotel representative met us at the air bridge and escorted us through immigration and baggage carousel before leading us to the waiting car at the car park next to the terminal.Location: There is a subway stop near the hotel although I never tried it, I tried taking the Beijing Subway once, and didn’t like it, so I usually just take a cab. The hotel is located in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, there is a high end mall on the 3rd floor but basically I found it too far from everywhere a tourist would want to visit. Plus the fact that most cab drivers don’t know where the hotel is and the taxi card doesn’t helps either but telling them “Jianwai Soho” does the trick…sometimes. ??Check-in: We were greeted at the ground floor lobby by the staff who escorted us to the 63rd floor lobby for the check-in. When we got to the reception the already had everything printed out, so it was all a matter of scanning my passport and swiping my credit card and we were off to the room.Room: Our room was located on the 46th floor, rooms were located from the 49th floor down to I think 39 or something (never paid much attention to it). The room follows the open floor concept, which seems to be the in thing for most hotels these days. I never hated it, the first time I saw it was at the Hyatt on the Bund, which fine. But somehow I feel that this one is just way too open. I actually don’t have problems with the vanity beside the bed, that’s fine but I really don’t like the feeling that I have to walk through the bathroom when entering and leaving the room. Don’t get me wrong, the room is nice, just enough space not cramped like most hotels would be, but the problem with the open layout is getting some privacy when you want some. Basically if you want to take a shower, you close off the entire section with the use of sliding panels. Problem is when someone in the room needs to go out or if the person you’re with needs to come in, they would have to wait for you to finish before they could go in or go out not unless you are the exhibitionist type but beyond that everything was nice. I was never a fan of light colored wood before but it felt right. I don’t think the room would feel the way it would if they used dark wood furniture instead. They had a huge work desk, which was good when you want to dump your stuff and go out again. There was also a small walk-in closet so all you big winter jackets won’t be all over the place. The floors were heated so you won’t notice that it’s almost -10C outside. They also have an amazing lighting system and mechanical curtain system so you don't have to get up and open the blinds by yourself.Bathroom: The toilet is in a small room/cubicle by the entrance. Everything was automatic. The cover closes automatically and opens when you step into the cubicle. Has a built in bidet also and you can even control the water pressure and nozzle position through a control panel mounted on the side. There is also a heated blower to dry your ____ after washing. The shower is very big with a very big rainforest shower head. the spa-like square tub is also very nice and cozy and would fit two persons and ideal way to cap a long day in the city and all the toiletries are by Acca Kappa.Bed: Bed was very comfortable...just the right height, the only comment I have is I wish they didn’t use those big square pillows because it’s quite hard to sleep on them. Breakfast: Had to pay for breakfast for two days because I was on using a free promotional stay. Selection is pretty standard but unlike most Asian breakfast spread that I’ve come across, the breakfast at the Park Hyatt is a mix of buffet and ala carte. Basically the fruits, bread and cereals are on buffet but the hot food, like omelets, sausages are on an ala carte style menu, you can also order more than one and the price would still be the same, I suppose its all about keeping the food fresh and tasty. Check-out: Check out was fast...everything was in the system by the time I came down from the room. ??Other Stuff: Sometimes I don’t like getting showered by attention when in the hotel. The occasional good morning is fine but when you have people on every corner of the lobby greeting you good morning, it’s too much. But then again it’s not their fault, it’s always better to be polite than be snobby. Great staff, they were able to fix my airline ticket for Xi’an that suddenly had extra ticket numbers, they had it changed and sent it back to the room with a note about the changes. They were also kind enough to buy ibuprofens for me when I slipped (snow) at the Summer Palace and hurt by back. It took a while for them to find the right one since I suppose they were all thinking if I wanted the Chinese or Western medicine. Oh and unlike most hotels that give you coffee pots or worst instant coffee, the Park Hyatt gives you your own espresso machine in your room, which they refill each day with new...(thingy for the coffee).Overall Evaluation: The Park Hyatt lived up to my expectations, simply marvelous.	
Dec 29 2008 	Sleek Park Hyatt	Stayed at the hotel in December for 4 nights. Room was very modern and sleek with a view of the city. Had a Xmas eve dinner at the bar. Not very impressed (dessert was good though). Had dinner at their China grill on the 65th floor. The restaurant had both western and Chinese selections. I tried the latter and it was very good, but it was pricey. I also used their massage service and it was excellent.The location was very convenient. 2 to 3 minutes walk to the subway that connects you to either line 1 or 10 (line 1 takes you to the Forbidden city, Wanfujing dajie). The hotel is situated in a shopping center (still under construction). But from what I saw, they were of the same non-exciting brands such as Rolex, Chanel, etc.Overall, it was a good experience.	
Nov 11 2008 	Watch the world stream by	This hotel is brand spanking new - 3 weeks old!LocationOn the top 20 floors in the Yintai building opposite Guo Mao with lines 10 and 1 at your doorstep to bypass the rush hour jams. Taxi drivers have no clue whaere this place is so just tell them &quot;Jianwai SOHO&quot;. The entrance faces SOHO.Public spacesBlack. very avantgarde. Still a few loose ends to tie up. I walked out of the lift towards a stunning view of Changan Jie just to step straight into the little waterpool that lines the barriers. The lights were not on so it was impossible to see the water.otherwise really stunning and spacious. The Bar is expensive - HK prices, but not that exhorbitant.A pain to have to change lifts - the first from 1-63 then change to the local lift to get to your room 45-63 floorsRoomStunning. Not the type that you would like if you're a traditionalist. A little fussy and too many little drawers and holes with things in them. Very Sino-japanese. Integrated living space with shower and limestone bath (HUGE) looking onto the a beautiful view of the 3rd ring road. The other side of our room looked onto Chang An Jie.There are heated floors and heated toilet seats; excellent water pressure, good ventilation and no noise whatsoever.Everything was spotless and everything worked as advertised. Comfortable beds and plentiful towels and supplies. Nice-smelling toiletries. Nespresso machine. Pu Er tea and Long Jing. Fruits. Get it? lots of really nice touches.Try the toilet! Space-age contraption that lifts the cover automatically and flushes automatically.ServiceStill needs a bit of work - the personnel try hard to be helpful but obviously do not have experience. One of my friends said she was given a sneer when she asked the street-level concierge to call a taxi for her, until he realised she was a guest at the hotel.OverallOne of the newest, coolest and serene places to stay in beijing - at a price. Let's hope it continues to improve!	
