	Good location	The best thing about this hotel is the location, its very convenient as a base to see Beijing major “tourist” sites. Room was nice but the bathroom wasn’t functional at all (flushing issues).Hint: There is a seven eleven close by which has lots of good and yummy items at a great price.	
	Very comfortable 	I stayed here for a few nights with my husband, as part of an organised tour with a group. As we paid for the tour as a whole, I can't really judge the value of this particular hotel.It's well situated, with shopping mall, enormous supermarket, pizza restaurant and lots more restaurants nearby. The rooms are clean and comfortable, though our bathroom was looking tired. Beds are very hard, as in many Chinese hotel rooms. Two bottles of drinking water and lots of toiletries and tea-making necessaries are provided.A little more information would have been useful - for example, there is an electric socket for use by UK visitors, but it's hidden round the side of the desk, so the first night we were charging gadgets from the shaver socket! Also, you need your room key to use the lifts; not knowing this meant it took me ages to get to our room, and my husband got trapped on the 12th floor and had to wait to be rescued.I would stay here again.	
	Great Location Good Value	Before our stay, I asked for a .pdf file of hotel's name and address in Chinese so that we can show it to the driver at the airport. Immediately responded to my satisfaction.Location can't be beat. Connected to a mall, near a subway exit, surrounded by local chinese restaurants many of which are open 24 hours, bars and coffee shops, malls, international food chains, near to Wangfujing, Forbidden CIty, Sanlitun, easy to hail cab at any hour. Outside the hotel are lots of cars for a day's hire in case you want to go to the Great Wall, Ming Tombs, etc.. They speak English well and you can bargain for a good price. A police outpost is nearby too.Check-in and check-out was a breeze. The front desk is very efficient. The concierge readily helped us with the hotel cards and directions to tourist spots.The deluxe room we stayed in was recently refurbished. The bed was comfy as well as the pillows. We got extra pillows as requested, but no extra towels :( The bathroom is where I have my gripes. There were 2 of us registered as guests, but only one set of toiletries. We probably could have asked for another set, but we didn't bother. The soap was not replenished AT ALL, even though we stayed 3 nights here. Weird. The bathroom was in ceramic tiles, which was ugly and completely unexpected, like a throwback to the past. The showerhead and the tub were also antiquated and needed to be upgraded. I am very particular about bathroom cleanliness and sad to say, this hotel needed to improve in this area.I am a regular Marriott client, and I can safely say that this hotel has one of the worst bathrooms EVER. This should be due for renovation soon. Free wifi should also be installed in keeping with current hotel trends.Nonetheless, I am satisfied with the location and its value.	
Nov 26 2009 	Reasonable	This hotel is not the best but it really is in the central location and cheap. Don't expect a 5 star service. Beijing subway (line 5 &amp; 2 Chaowenmen Stn), Starbucks, McDonalds, Pizza Hut &amp; some local restaurants around the corner.Hotel concierge is able to provided any local information.	
Nov 19 2009 	nice hotel to stay	We spent 4 nights in this hotel.The room is clean and well maintained.Breakfast buffet is also great.Location is accessible to malls,restaurants and the subway.Would like to stay here again when we visit Beijing.	
Nov 19 2009 	Hotel with Great Service and Very Convenient Location	Good points: 1) great location - walking distance from the subway; access to the mall 2) rooms are clean 3) helpful staff - concierge staff are patient in writing instruction cardsDownside: The moment you step into the hotel lobby, it smells of cigarette smoke . Gym and pool are not within the hotel building. It's a good hotel to &quot;come home to&quot; after a full day of touring Beijing. Rooms are clean and are always in order, comfortable. Great location. You'll never go hungry as there are restaurants around the hotel that are open 24 hours. For the traveller that craves for the comfort of fast food chains, there's a McDonald's, KFC and Starbucks nearby. For those who want local flavor, there's a food court in the adjacent mall where you can have a taste of local fare. There's even the mall supermarket where you can buy the essentials plus food stuff that the locals buy and eat. Didn't have problems with room service either, despite the language barrier. Even before we arrived in Beijing, I was able to experience the customer service of both the Marriott chain and the Courtyard Beijing. I already made some inquiries about how to get from the airport to the hotel and even requested the instructions in Chinese to show the cab driver. I received answers to my inquiries or requests via email within 24 hours. Great service! The concierge can speak English and is patient in writing out instruction cards that prove to be very helpful when taking the cab around the city on your own.	
Nov 16 2009 	Conveniently located	We stayed here for a couple of nights as part of a tour group. The place is in a very convienent location and there are several places to eat in the area in addition to the restaurants in the hotel. There is a Pizza Hut &amp; KFC in addition to a Ramen place which serves Japanese style noodles. There is also a coffee shop and a 7/11, the latter being about 2 blocks from the hotel. We had a great stay at this hotel.	
Nov 12 2009 	Had a great stay!	Wow! My stay at the Courtyard by Marriott in Beijing was great!Many restaurants + Starbucks in the same building AND subway station a 1 min walk!The room I got was exactly like the one pictured above. Even if I was alone, they gave me a very confortable King Size bed! I booked this hotel not knowing that in China, you can get very decent hotel rooms at a ruidiculously low price, by this hotel was very cheap for the quality it is, compared to a stay in the US.I would definitely go back!	
Nov 6 2009 	Good location but nothing outstanding	I only spent one night here to be closer to a business meeting the next day, so I was not able to use many of the facilities. The location of the hotel is convenient, with many restaurants catering for all tastes and budgets. Most of these restaurants are located in the nearby or adjacent shopping centres. There is a small supermarket where you can buy drinks and snacks for your room.The room was clean and of a very good size, providing a separate sofa and coffee table along with the king sized bed. The bathroom was also of an adequate size. There is much more value paying for internet access by the day (80RMB) rather than the hour (40RMB). Once paid for, you can also use it wirelessly in the main areas. Check-in and check-out was a breeze with the staff always friendly.It was a typical stay at Courtyard by Marriott in Beijing, excellent location and good value without being anything special.	
Nov 1 2009 	Don't stay here but if you do...	The hotels have two type of rooms, some that have been renovated and some that don't. When we first checked in they put us in an ugly, smelly, old room. We asked for a non-smoking room, but the room smelled like smoke. So when we requested a new room, they changed us to a recently renovated room. Those rooms are courtyard standard rooms, the old ones are not.Service at this hotel is horrible. The front desk is useless and they won't go out of their way to help you. The concierge tries, but they don’t have the resources. So have your trips planed before getting there.To summarize, don’t stay here, but if you do ask for a recently renovated room.There is a Starbucks and a McDonalds right behind the hotel. There are also coffee shops in the mall across the street. The subway station is really close too.	
Oct 23 2009 	Rather average but good value	This Courtyard hotel is in a fairly handy location about 10 minutes walk from Tiananmen Square and very convenient for the adjoining metro station. Despite this convenience and generally busy surrounding area, the hotel does nevertheless feel rather off-pitch. The building is looking rather dated, comprising several fast food restaurants and a mid-range shopping mall, with the Courtyard tucked around the back. The lobby is drab but the staff were friendly and efficient. The hotel seemed to be experiencing low occupation.My room was of a generous size with a large bedroom and separate living room. I think it was fairly recently redecorated and the bed was certainly comfortable with quality linens. The bathroom was dull. All amenities (safe, coffee/tea, toiletries, iron, tissues) were available - although, strangely, the iron had a UK power plug and all the sockets were Chinese!I had breakfast in the top-floor executive lounge and this was nicely presented and substantial. The lounge also offered a free happy hour with drinks and snacks in the early evening. Staff were friendly and helpful. No complaints there. I also used the restaurant one evening, which had an inexpensive menu but had a dull appearance with equally average food and staff.My expectations of this hotel from the website were of a good quality mid-range establishment in a lively, buzzing and cosmopolitan setting. In reality, despite being fairly good value and offers most things that a visitor could want, it just didn't quite match up to those expectations.	
Oct 9 2009 	Photos Are Deceiving Not Up to Courtyard Standards	We tolerated a stay at this hotel because we spent little time in the room. It was our second room...we moved from a room with peeling wallpaper. Other hotel guests had done the same. This hotel is poorly constructed and maintained. The Courtyard name should not be affiliated with this property.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good value well looked after in centre of city	Had an exellent time in this city although traffic VERY BUSY it was easy to get around. The room had been recently decorated but lobby/reception area could do with a revamp.	
Sep 26 2009 	A Quiet Safe Haven in the Middle of Beijing	IntroWe chose to spend the first 10 of our 15 nights in Beijing at the Courtyard because of its central location and the low prices during September. Our two rooms provided a wonderful base for our family’s Bejing vacation.Location and TransportationAs most of the earlier reviews have mentioned, the short distance to Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, and the Temple of Heaven was a big factor for us. We did not want to spend most of our time in heavy traffic, but prefer to see places above the ground as we travel. The nearby subway and train stations offer many options for those who do not favor cabs.The shopping center attached to the hotel was convenient with a grocery store, food court and department store along with the many other shops. They had most of the things we forgot to pack.Cabs are inexpensive in Beijing with fares to most attractions under 30Y (5USD). The only long day trip was to the Mutainyi section of the Great Wall; for 800Y we rented a van and driver to carry the five us (our guide and two college aged children.) Due to the road closures for the 60th National Day celebration, we decided to move to a hotel closer to the PEK airport for our final 5 nights because we were to depart PEK on the day of the celebration and many roads were closed downtown.Room Features and Price We normally use Marriott points on vacations, but the 500Y/night rate including two wonderful breakfasts was too low to use points. Because the hotel is one block south of the main east/west street, Chianmen Dondajie, the road noise was muted in our 12th floor king room. The bed was a bit too firm, but was fine after housekeeping placed a mattress topper on it the second day. Everything in the room worked except for the bath/shower faucet, which was temperamental. We played with it to get warm water, and found that we had to turn it about 5 times before the hot turned on. As there seem to be no self service laundromats in China, the retractable string in the tub for hanging laundry was wonderful. We hung laundry everyday because our clothes shrink too much in the dryer to send them out, and the laundry prices are high in this neighborhood. The A/C was great after a long day hiking around Beijing. The minifridge kept us supplied with cold drinks purchased in the downstairs mall. Within about 5 minutes of calling housekeeping, the maids brought us free ice for drinks.The staff keep the rooms clean and well stocked with 4 free bottles of drinking water each day because the tap water is not drinkable in China. The 22 channels on TV included the Discovery channel, CNN and several other English channels, so there is a good selection unlike hotels in several other countries we have visited.Restaurants in the HotelWe had a choice for free breakfasts: the 16th floor executive lounge with a limited menu (eggs to order took about 20 minutes as they came from the restaurant) or the 2nd floor restaurant, which was much larger and had a wide selection of Chinese and Western dishes. If you are from a smaller and quieter town, you may find the noise level to be high or unbearable in most places in Beijing. It is a good idea to take earplugs for the noisiest places. Sometimes you may feel that you are surrounded by a billion people, so we liked the quiet seclusion of the executive lounge for chilling out (open 5.30-7.30) and usually ate breakfast in the restaurant. One night we had burgers there, and another dinner we shared beef brisket. Both dinners were fine and cost about 40USD for two. We enjoyed the option of the Executive Lounge in the evenings for heavy appetizers, light desserts and free drinks because we often do not eat dinner. This lounge is a wonderful stop if the weather is too hot or cold to eat outside. The weather was perfect during most of our stay, so we were either exhausted from walking all day and headed to our room or spent the evening dining outside in the lovely weather.If you are a foodie looking for a special lunch or dinner, try the new Capital M restaurant just across the street from the South Gate at Tiananmen Square. The terrace view is worth a million dollars, and their fusion menu is out of this world. The lamb and oxtail were superb followed by a deluxe dessert tray for two that will definitely set back your diet. If you ask the concierge to make reservations, you can enjoy dinner with the most incredible view of the nightlights of Beijing. A full meal will run 50-75USD per person and is well worth it. This place made us wish we lived in Beijing!Concierge and Front Desk StaffThe concierge desk was helpful writing place names and addresses in Chinese on the hotel card so our cabbies could take us to the correct place (most of the time) and we could find our way back using the hotel’s cards. From our limited experience, very few locals spoke enough English to direct us to our destinations, and we certainly could not speak enough Mandarin to ask a question. So it is important to consult the concierge before leaving each day.The front desk staff spoke limited or very little English, so they usually could not answer our questions. Fortunately the manager and/or his assistants are around most of the day, and they do are quite friendly and speak English well. They answered many of our questions and are a big plus for this hotel. They made sure that we quickly found a cab each day. We saw few Western tourists during our stay, and it seemed that the hotel staff were eager to please their customers. Free Newspapers in the HotelAt both breakfast locations, they had several newspapers including the China Daily, which is extremely helpful with lots of Beijing news that interests visitors. USA Today arrives around 6PM at the Concierge Desk. With such a complete language barrier, it was a real joy to read the news each day especially the articles about Beijing.Guide Service and Where to GoWe used the service of a local guide who met us at our hotel the first 3 days, and had enlightening visits to the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, and the Great Wall. We preferred a half day the first 2 days due to jet lag. We saw rates ranging from 35-100.USD per day depending on the guide’s qualifications and number of people in your party. We found our guide, Jack, through an earlier TA review, and he did a fine job. His email is [--].After three days we felt comfortable taking a cab from the hotel and relying on our guidebooks. We all loved our 3 hours at the Summer Palace; the kids rented a paddle boat and took off for an hour across the lake. They also went to nightspots and other attractions on their own. My husband and I prefer a very slow, eclectic approach to sightseeing with some days spent mostly lounging around the hotel area with a short walk in the neighborhood and a stop at a nearby coffee shop. If we feel like tackling a challenging attraction after breakfast, we go. If not, we choose something easier on the mind and body. In our 50’s, we no longer push ourselves 16 hours a day seeing everything humanly possible. Beijing is has so many outstanding parks, gardens, temples, and museums, that serious nonshoppers like ourselves could visit a different attraction each day for a month and not tire of the city. Although we did not visit Beijing to shop, we did find that prices in the better stores were at least as high as those in the US. The main difference seems to be that Beijing stores offer many items you can’t easily find in the US.Electrical Outlets in the RoomsWe could not find specific into about this before arriving and were relieved to receive a four plug power strip when we checked in. It had the most wonderful plug holes that must fit just about any kind of plug. Just be careful that whatever you plug in has a converter built in or it may be fried by the different voltage. We charged our laptop, cell phone and cameras every day with this strip. The bathroom had the same ingenious plug. Hotel Health Club and PoolThese facilities are on the 5th floor and open at 10AM. The swimming pool is long enough for laps, but there are no lane markers on the bottom, and one side is not straight. If you are extremely nearsided, watch out for the small children who make excellent moving targets. They do not allow pool shoes for walking in the water, and everyone must wear a cap. The water and room temp seemed a tad cold both times I was in the pool. My son used the gym and said it was okay, so I can’t vouch for it. SummaryThe Beijing Courtyard provided a perfect base for our first 10 nights in China. It is a safe haven at an affordable price for tourists from all over the world. If a visit to China frightens you, this hotel can help overcome your fear of the unknown. We appreciated the quiet refuge from an extremely noisy metropolis.	
Sep 25 2009 	Fantastic Location 	The typical Marriott Courtyard, whch means you know what to expect. Accpetable but not exceptional. However, this hotel's location is fantastic. Within walking distance of the Beijing Railway Station (6 long blocks), or 2 subway stops on Line #2. Subway station for lines #2 &amp; #5 are directly on the corner by the hotel, so its is very easy to travel all over Beijing, which has a great subway system that is easy to use &amp; understand, Also easy to take the Airport Express Subway upon arrival, to the connection for Line #2, &amp; then 5 stops directly to the corner by the hotel. 25 Yuan for the Airport Express &amp; then 2 Yuan for Line 2 to the hotel. About $4 USD total for the entire trip from the airport to the hotel, which doesn't get much better. Hotel is part of the New World Shopping Center, which includes the usual US offerings of Starbucks, McDonald's, Pizza Hut, KFC &amp; Haagen Dazi that is important to you. Great inexpensive Noodle Shop on 1st floor, as well as other local restaurants all through the area. Origus, on the 2nd floor next door, has a pleasant $7 buffet with a large variety. Also a great local food market on the 1st floor of the building next door to the hotel, which is worth a visit. Anything &amp; everything that the locals like, as well as lots of variety of tourists. There is also a small grocery store inside the market for snacks &amp; drinks for your room. I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation, since you know what you are getting &amp; there are no surprises, &amp; the location is unbeatable.	
Aug 9 2009 	4 Stars?	I'm concerned as to how Courtyard by Marriott Beijing managed to receive 4 stars, the location is acceptable though for a 4 star it may be wholly inadequate; located on a small side road that many taxi drivers have not heard of. Service was adequate however they need to be asked to respond e.g. they didn't help us with the, initially, confusing elevator system where you can only reach the floor of your room (unhelpful considering I went with a cousin who lived in his own room two floors above) neither did they mention breakfast. Cleanliness is Courtyard's weakness in my opinion, though by no means a dump it vastly does not resemble the 4 stars I've lived in in the past. Orange peels were scattered on the floor of the corridor (on the first day) inviting us to our equally smelly room! The bedsheets were not exceptionally clean whilst going back to service I found a plate of leftovers lying in the corridor for a whole day. The rooms are a nice (if not too large a) size though don't expect views in every room (as per usual). The bathrooms however are outdated, needing a major uplift. Overall Courtyard by Marriott is not an awful hotel in fact it may be quite decent comparing to other hotels in Beijing, however I do not understand how it is 4 stars. The price might not be expensive but the disappointment of staying there might hit you harder.	
Aug 7 2009 	thoroughly recommended	no complaints whatsoevercentral location part of shopping centre - full range shops/services on sitewell appointed and maintainedcomfortable and quiet roomsupgrade to executive floor good value at £20 per room per nightexcellent breakfasts would stay here again	
Aug 6 2009 	Value for money and very Central	Made booking direct with the hotel - got a really great deal - was so impressed intially were going to be there for 5 days ended up staying 10 days. Nice roomy hotel - breakfast is a challange but there are food halls in the same building - level 5. There is also a supermarket where you can get any thing cheaply. The pool also on level 5 - nice and quite - the only thing which was a little weird - you have to wear a cap when you go in the pool - sad - why not ensure all who use the pool was and shower proir to entry. Nothing really to add but worth staying here and enjoying Beijing.	
Jul 29 2009 	Location good but hotel could be better.	My wife and I stayed in Beijing with our 11 year old son. The hotel was booked as part of a three week tour, organised by Thomas Cook. The hotel was clean and tidy, and the rooms were a moderate size. The staff spoke reasonable English, and all the basics were covered well. Breakfast, included in our deal, was adequate, but we would advise you to get down reasonably early as some of the food suffers from sitting about for an hour or two if you arrive towards the end of breakfast. The range of food available in the evening and through room services is rather limited. The indoor pool, though clean, was rather cool and a little dark. You also have to walk through the edge of a shopping mall to get to the pool from the main elevators, so wear a bathrobe! The main selling point of this hotel is location; close to Tiananmen Square and the Temple of Heaven, and right next to a subway station, which is very important because it is too hot to walk very far in July, and traffic in Beijing is rather congested. All in all, this is a reasonable hotel, providing value accommodation in a good location, but there are better equipped hotels available in Beijing.	
Jul 25 2009 	Hotel great and found wonderful guide	Room very comfortable. Great location (centrally located, near huge mall &amp; close to McDonalds, Starbucks, Pizza Hut- also many Chinese restauants too of course) Grocery store in basement of mall. Hotel had wonderful service, clean neat, very helpful staff, all the ammenties. Easy to get taxis which are inexpensive and subway station around corner (very easy to navigate but get a map on intranet BEFORE you go)Guide Lei Wu $35/day was a godsend ([--] ) met us at hotel daily, spoke wonderful english, honest and VERY well versed -saved us significant money and helped us to have a great vacation.	
Jun 23 2009 	*great place to stay in Beijing*	Great hotel. Location: Fantastic, near Tianemen Square (bout ten minutes by taxi). Bout two n half hours from Great Wall Mutainy (by private car hire). Inside hotel is inside shopping mall. Lots of shopping also nearby outside of the mall. Resturants plenty. Staff great. Beds so-so, like most beds in Asia a bit on the hard side. Great basis overall for a stay in Bejing, really enjoyed the trip and the hotel.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great location for the price	We booked with the hotel directly online &amp; paid about USD70 per night (room only) which is truly unbeatable value. Hotel is located in a shopping mall complex. Supermarket in the basement to pick up necessities. Metro is right outside. Mcdonalds (24 hrs), Starbucks, KFC, Pizza Hut &amp; local eateries surround the hotel. A local food court is on the 5th floor. A new western style mall across the road with more food &amp; shopping options (e.g. H&amp;M was going to open).Room was a good size. Wardrobe was tired looking &amp; so was the bathroom but otherwise very clean. Housekeeping was very responsive. They usually delivered within 5-10 mins each time after we called.A good sized pool is located in a separate health club on the 5th floor. Free to use but you need to hand over your room key in exchange for a towel. Need a swim cap or they won't let you swim. Gym is also located here but we didn't use it.Front desk &amp; concierge were very polite &amp; helpful.Would recommend the hotel if you are not looking for 5* luxury but value for your dollar in a convenient location to all the sights (by train or taxi).	
Jun 6 2009 	Very basic - Certainly Not a business hotel!	I stayed here for 5 nights as part of a business trip, and having stayed in a number of Marriott hotels across Asia I was sorely disappointed. Check in was slow and staff throughout the hotel spoke very little english which surprised me given that it was promoted as a suitable hotel for international business travellers.I stayed in an executive room, which was no different from a standard room, but rather more expensive as they provided free internet access, which wasn't wireless, and chargeable, only to be removed at check-out (adding to the delay). Just one 300ml bottle of water is provided each day, unlike in other hotels I have stayed in in Beijing, which I thought was mean for an exective room, where I was paying almost £100 per night (bed and breakfast).I was particularly upset to be called by reception before 9am the morning after arrival to remind me to pay for the extra room I had booked. This was despite the fact I was staying a subsequent 4 days (which had been booked and paid for), it was a Sunday and we had arrived the previous day from London.... The executive lounge windows were too filthy for a view, and did not appear to be anything other than a top floor room with a coffee machine and cheese on cocktail sticks....There were two options for breakfast: a paltry selection in the executive lounge or the second floor resaturant which had more choice. The Business Centre is very badly serviced, to book the meeting room was pricey, as was printing and photocopying; although this is to be expected in international hotels, one does expect the facilities to work properly. The printer was substandard and therefore documents had to be emailed to one of the reception staff's personal account, who then downloaded it to print on the receptionist's printer. This, I guess, was good of the staff to do, but again, not the facilities or service that I had understoond would be provided.The gym is adequate, although opening hours are 10am-9.30pm, so no good if you are looking to use it before work. The pool is a good size.In future I would not stay here for business. It is adequate if you are sightseeing and are just after a comfortable bed, but certainly not suitable if you require professional service, help with luggage without asking several times, business facilities that work effectively and staff that can understand requests.	
May 11 2009 	Perfect Hotel !!	This hotel is in the center of everything! 10mn to Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven... and much more!! easy access to subway, friendly staff (sometimes difficult to communicate) very clean. Though you have to pay separate for breakfast and internet :( - not included in my reservation package. honest cab drivers in front of hotel. Hotel provides map and places of interest. very friendly bell boys. Please stay here if you want to have it easy in Beijingp.s: taxi driver had a hard time finding hotel entrance (about 120RMB from Airport)	
Apr 5 2009 	Great English Wonderful Location Extemely Happy with Hotel	Excellent location. Excellent concierge (bellman). Excellent room. Mariott Courtyard exceeded our expectations. Lots of shops and restaurants surround hotel. Bellmen speak great English and told us with how to get everywhere. They even made our plane and train reservations for furthur China Travel. Rooms were clean, large, and beds comfortable. Business Center has high speed computers (you pay to use them). Subway for 2 lines was less than 2 blocks away. Easy Subway to take everywhere. 5 star hotel for price and location!	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect location	I was in Beijing for leisure and chose this hotel for its good location and low price. The hotel was even better situated than anticipated with two subway lines within 100 meters. Good restaurants, supermarket and shopping mall is located within 5 minutes walking distance. The staff is friendly and language was no issue. Taxi drivers do not read or speak english, so make sure to have the hotels phone number (or the hotel written in mandarin) when taking taxi from the airport such that they can explain the driver where to go (approx. 100 RMB). The roads are pretty large in Beijing, so the traffic can be noisy, hence make sure to live in a high floor. I lived in 10th floor and could barely hear any traffic. I will definitively stay at this hotel at my next visit in Beijing.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great hotel but not Marriott service	After reading some mixed reviews I went with an open mind. It's really easy to find once you know how! I read on here to leave exit D from the subway, it depends which line you are on. If you are coming from the airport dont use this exit. The best thing to do is to exit and look for the big high rise hospital, turn you back towards that and walk forward. The entrance to the hotel is not at the front, it's round the back of the shopping centre. The lobby is fine yet sometimes a little Smokey. There was no help from staff when I arrived with my bags, all the staff do speak basic English and were pleasant but lacked warmth and charm. They do not go out their way to welcome you however they are not rude. I had a refurbed room on the 10th floor which was excellent. Very spacious, flat screen TV and view was fine. The location is good but as others mention even on the 10th floor it can be noisy from the traffic. The use of the swimming pool and sauna is good on the 5th floor but ensure you take a swimming cap otherwise you cant use the pool. The breakfast buffet was nicely presented and had good choice. The price of the mini bar is extreme. You can pay £3.60 for a coke or take the lift to the supermarket on the basement and get one for 22pence. Internet is over priced at £8 a day and is very slow. There are some internet places very near but connection is not as fast as the UK anywhere in Beijing. Taxi's are very cheap but ensure they use their meter and 98% dont speak English so make sure the hotel write down where you want to go. You can use the metro and one ride is only 20 pence. As you come out of the hotel lobby and there is a very nice respectable foot massage and general massage spa which is not expensive but has very good surroundings. There are plenty of restaurants around this area.	
Jan 31 2009 	An Okay Stay but not a great value	As a gold level member I booked this stay with points and stayed one night. I would not pay the asking rate for this room. The staff speak English and are very polite and helpful. The rooms and towels do smell of smoke and even though all Marriott properties are indicated as smoke free there were ashtrays everywhere in the room. I ordered room service and the waffles were pancakes which is not a critical mistake but the orange juice was bitter, the coffee was obviously a powdered mix and the price was 300 RMB. In addition I had to call room service after waiting almost an hour for what was to be a half hour delivery. The Internet service which is usually free for Gold level members was 40 RMB for an hr. and 80 for a day. The standard robes and slippers etc were there. The bathroom was old and outdated for a Marriott. The beds sleep OK.I will not stay at this hotel again. There are other Chinese brand hotels that have better service and better food.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Convenient Location in Heart of Beijing	This hotel was recently renovated so the rooms are clean and well designed. Renovation still ongoing in some parts of hotel between 8:30AM and 6:30PM for those afternoon sleepers. Some comments indicate hard beds (and they are) we mentioned this to the front desk and 10minutes later a nice foam pad was put on our bed. The price was great for the standard of hotel (~65USD/nt). It was centrally located to all the tourist sites and subway was only 200m away and very convenient (line 5 exit D be prepared for a few steps). Staff was very helpful and efficient at checkin. We arrived at 7:30AM and room was ready, also they were accomodating to late checkout. Maybe the staff has changed since prior reviews mentioned slow checkin. Great foodcourt and supermarket in mall attached to hotel. There are also some great restaurants within a few minute walk. Breakfast plenty of options outside hotel (supermarket opens at 8:30AM). Beinfugie (famous peking duck in New World Mall 2 3rd floor), Asjean Noodles, Chinese Neighborhood restaurant out hotel turn right then quick left 100m down street on righthand side. Nice spa 50m from hotel out hotel to the left. Taxi ride to foodstreet, sunday market, and most other places all under 20Yuan (~3USD). Watchout for black taxi's parked in front of hotel they seem to be more pushy and seem to take the long way (we compared between green/yellow taxi to same place). Taxis are frequent in front of hotel or just around corner from hotel.	
Nov 6 2008	well located better than these reviews suggest	having looked on here at what other people said, i was pleasantly surprised by what we found. the hotel is right in the centre (not that there really is one) of beijing, just a few minutes from chongwengmen station, which is perfect as it has two underground lines serving it, north and west bound. everyone was helpful and nice, english was mostly not an issue here, and the room was big and comfy. the bed especially. didnt try the restaurant and the bar is soulless, but there is a health centre and the shopping mall actually attached to the hotel which is perfect should you need them. there is free use of a swimming pool	
Nov 1 2008 	no air	I spend four nights here in mid-October 2008. It is a very nice hotel, but when I arrived the weather was muggy and warm. To my surprise the hotel was very hot. My room was extremely uncomfortable. When I talked to the desk they said that the air conditioning had been turned off for the season and could not be turned on again until late Spring 2009. My room has two windows, but only one opened a little at the bottom. I could not get any air circulation. I inquired about a fam and was told that none were available. My stay was very uncomfortable until it rained late on the third day of my stay. The rain cooled the city down and I was finally able to get some sleep. I will never stay here again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Slowest Check In Ever Witnessed	The location of this hotel really can not be beat for the money. It is a half block from the Chong Wen Men subway station, there is plenty of good shopping and restaurants nearby and although it would be a long walk, it is near the Temple of Heaven and the Forbidden City. The rooms are of decent size and the most of the rooms offer great views of the city. Make sure you get a higher floor because the streets are are very noisy and busy. The rooms are clean and come very well equipped, including toothbrushes and toothpaste. If there is one bad thing about the rooms is that the beds are very hard, but that seems typical for China. All this being said, you can experience this good hotel only once you have checked in, which could be a little trying on the patience. First they have to look something up on the computer, then several pieces of paper have to be written out, then back to the computer, more paper is filled out, another computer is logged onto, your passports are then examined, more paperwork, then finally the last computer seems to issue you room information. All of this efficiency is easily done with no less then 5 front desk clerks working on my one reservation. Luckily no one else was attempting to check in at the time, or else this may have overloaded the system. All-in-all this was a great hotel to stay at. The breakfast buffets were ok at $15, but lacked fresh fruit and oatmeal. Oh and one more thing, stay away from the doughnuts!	
Oct 24 2008 	The Worst Hotel in China	This is the worst hotel I have stayed in in China and in Asia.The checkin is terrible. Took 25 minutes. Staff has terrible attitude, never smile, do not like to assist and are generally abnoxious.This is more like a people factory than a hotel so do not expect any service.The breakfast is terrible with the lowest quality produce. The a la carte is equally horrible.Housekeeping does not refresh the amenities in the room and these are of the lowest quality like you would find in 1 star hotels.The hotel is 9 years old but the rooms (even executive level rooms) are worn and torn with bad odors. The general feeling in the room is that is is old and dirty.Concierge does not assist with local information.Almost no-one speaks english in this hotel although it belongs to an American Chain - Marriott.I would recommend staying in other hotels when coming to beijing and definitely NOT here.	
Oct 21 2008 	Convenient location nice rooms	We stayed here for 4 nights and were pleased with our experience.Very convenient to the subway, which was fast and clean, and also next the New World shopping center which has a supermarket and food court level if you don't feel like going to a restaurant for dinner.We also dined at the peking duck restaurant across the street during our stay and it was delicious. The restaurants in Beijing have a report card style hygiene rating system, which should be prominently displayed at their entrance, so you can check out whether they're an A or a D before you make your dining decision.I like a firm mattress so I didn't find the bed too hard as mentioned by other posters. I enjoyed the buffet breakfast although skipped the cereal with milk given the recent melamine scandal.The concierge was helpful in translating addresses from our guide book and instructing the taxi drivers and they can give you a card with the hotel's address in Chinese.Overall I would stay here again.	
Oct 19 2008 	Excellent stay - great last days in Beijing	I was very hesitant about booking this hotel from the older reviews but finally decided to give it a shot since it seemed to redeem itself to more recent reviewers/visitors. The hotel did not disappoint and I had an excellent stay here, along with my two other travelling partners.We booked the hotel via Expedia and the rate was quite good – coming to about £45 per person – two double rooms divided by 3 for two nights. Since the Olympics had ended the week prior, the rates had dropped and this hotel was in an excellent location as well.At check-in, I was still a bit hesitant on how the hotel was going to be, especially because the front desk staff seemed a bit disorganized and understaffed. If you know Asian hotels, there is usually a surplus of employees all around the lobby to bow, answer questions and never a queue at reception. However, once we were seen to, the front desk clerk was very courteous and obliged my request for a recently renovated room. This was a tip from a TripAdvisor review and it was a good one. The room was excellent, was on the corner of the building and was very recently refurbished. It had some great furniture and was spotless. Business centre was good but internet access was expensive, like usual. Breakfast was so-so and the choice was not huge but had some western and Asian options. The hotel is connected to a shopping centre which was a really nice bonus and allowed us to drop off purchases before continuing with site seeing. The hotel also shares a gym in the shopping centre which was very well appointed.We explored the area around the hotel the night before departure, which was a shame because it actually had quite a lot to offer. This included a medium sized indoor market which had some wonderful food stalls inside where fresh food was being prepared. It was very interesting. Otherwise, there is an excellent massage complex on the same road as the Marriott which had top notch service and excellent prices. I went each day for a massage at this place.All in all, a great stay at this hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 13 2008	Great Location Disappointing Level of Service	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel, the first time was 2 years ago and we had no problems what so ever and enjoyed our stayGenerally the hotel, is of good standard, clean, average food but great central location for getting out and about around Beijing.The level of customer service however really lets this hotel down and unfortunately because of this I would probably not recommend this hotel to anyone and certainly would not stay there again myself.We checked in at 8.15pm, there were 4 of us and 2 rooms had been booked. First of all they said we had only got one room booked (our confirmation from their web page said 2 rooms) and they hadn't got a clean room available for us (check out time is 12 noon so more than 8 hours after check out rooms still weren'y ready). We asked to speak to the Manager who eventually found us 2 rooms, one with an upgrade, the upgrade however was on the executive floor but with no executive lounge access in fact it was exactly the same as the room we had originally booked but on a different floor. It took us over an hour to check in, once checked we proceeded to our room and got stuck in one lift and then the other lift wouldn't work.Breakfast was totally over priced at around £13.The attitude of reception staff, concierge etc was disgusting in fact they were quite rude. The reception staff also gave the impression that they were trainees as none of them seemed to know what they were doing or what was going on.So unfortunately due to this experience I would not give this hotel one more penny of my money, they don't deserve it which is a shame really because it used to be a really good alround hotel	
Oct 9 2008 	Tips learned during my stay	My friend and I booked this hotel on points back in the Spring. We had read the reviews and hoped the hotel would be updated by the time we visited during the Paralympics. Updated reviews gave us hope and they met our expectations.Taxi cab to the hotel was 89RMB + 10RMB toll. Before arriving in Beijing, I emailed the hotel for their name and address in Mandarin. You can also check with the hotel reservation desk at the airport for a translation.Upon arrival, we stopped by the front desk on the 1st floor. There were about 8 receptionists helping two sets of guests and it was taking quite some time. When it was our turn the receptionist told us to head to the reception on the 16th floor for check in. If you are a platinum or gold elite member, I would recommend you make a beeline for the 16th floor. Once up there, we found the reception in the lounge and even with 3 receptionists helping us it took a bit of time. At least the lounge is quiet and comfortable. I would also recommend you ask for a hotel business card as it has the English and Mandarin names of the hotel and major sites near the hotel.We received upgraded rooms on the 15th floor. When entering the room stick your room key in the slot by the door to activate the lights. The renovated rooms were very nice. There was a flat screen tv with lots of English channels. There was a safe in the closet. Music and lights could be controlled from the bed headboard. The bed was very firm so don't plop into them expecting to sink in. The bathroom didn't seem to be renovated but it was decent. The water pressure was good. I never had trouble with hot water. There's also turn down service at night.Another area where you need your room key is for the elevator. There were three elevators but only two seemed to be running at the time. In order to use the up/down buttons, you had to use your key card. The elevators ran pretty quickly. Oh and there's a charge if you lose your room key or don't return it at check out.One of the best things about the hotel was the concierge. The concierge guys also played bell boys and room service roles. They were always willing to help in any way possible and very polite. And they don't expect tips. It's incredible. For example, I asked where I could get a phone card. One concierge said he could run out and get one for me in 10 minutes. The only downside was there were some questions they couldn't answer.The business center has 4 computers and sells stamps. It's open from 7am and closes around 8 or 9pm. The concierge said there was an internet cafe down the street but we didn't check it out. Also down the street is a 7 Eleven. I recommend going there for water which was 1.20 RMB per bottle. It's 3RMB at tourist sites; similar to the ratio in the US. 3RMB is still a rocking price though.The business center also has phone service but I used the phone in my room instead. Calls to numbers in Beijing were incredibly cheap (~0.20RMB/min). And I got reimbursed for them when I checked out. (Don't know if it was because I am elite member or because calls within the city are reimbursed for everyone.) Calls to the US were much more expensive. (Check the hotel info book for prices.) I would recommend you get a phone card where you dial a local access number.In the morning, the lobby has coffee and tea. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel. Instead we went around the corner to a 24 hour eatery called Yonghe King. You can get a combo breakfast for around 9RMB. And if you're feeling adventurous, there's an indoor market next door to Yonghe with hot food stalls and grocery shops. We also tried Ajisen Noodle next to the hotel for dinner which was pretty good but more geared to tourists. The food court at the New World mall wasn't too bad either.An entrance to the Chongwenmen subway stop is also around the corner from the hotel. It's two subway stops from Temple of Heaven Park (Tiantan East Gate) and three subway stops from Tian'anmen Square (Tian'anmen East). The subway was easy to use with free transfers. Transfering within a station could sometimes be quite a hike though so be prepared to walk. I would not recommend using the subway to get to and from the airport if you have luggage as you do go up and down stairs quite often.My only gripe about the hotel were the taxis in front of the hotel. The best rate the concierge could get us to the Mutianyu Great Wall was 800 RMB. No negotiation possible. Try negotiating with a private driver or public taxi not at the hotel to see if you can get a better rate. Also, the morning of our departure we asked for a cab to the Yashow Market (where a bus was waiting to take us to the airport). The taxis in front of the hotel were not available. The concierge had to flag down a taxi from the street.	
Oct 3 2008	Good price. Good location.	Good price and good location. A short walk from the Metro station and one stop on the metro from the Wangfujing district. Located right next to the New World Department Store complex and a Starbucks, McDonalds and KFC. Also close to great chinese restaurants within walking distance.A half mile walk from the Beijing Underground City location (which is currently closed for rennovation).The hotel staff was very helpful and wrote down nearby locations for me in Chinese to provide to my taxi driver(s).I would stay here again.	
Sep 13 2008 	Water scalding to ice in 2.0 seconds flat	Not the worst place we've stayed. Enough issues that we'd look elsewhere the next time we visit Beijing. The shower water was the most remarkable- from scalding hot to ice cold for the entire shower- and it stopped flowing not one, not two, but three times for my wife's shower- weird.The breakfast is fine, the security is good (key to operate elevator) and the staff seems fine. This is the only hotel in China I've stayed in that had service staff with a Western attitude (complaining to coworkers and frowning). Finally, we do not like the location, in the midst of the most expensive everything! We'll choose a place like the Bamboo Garden Hotel again if they have space.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great stay	Stayed three niights on 12 th floor in excellent room. Staff was polite, helpful and fluent in English as needed	
Aug 25 2008 	Is ok but dirty smelly rooms in the lower floors	Is my second time in this hotel, dont book if is not directly with the hotel, they put you in the most terrible rooms, the internet does not work, all the rooms with dirty carpet,after make a complaint they put me in so so room in the 8 floor.This hotel is in good position in the center of china the breakfast is ok, the food at the chinese restaurant ok, but u can find a lot of restaurants around, easy acces to go to china wall and other attractions. Dont use the taxi of the hotel most of the time make a price with the taxi, in this hotel only one lady from the reception speak english, about the food is chinese if u like the occidental food is terrible like around china. The mall is connected with this hotel but the price is ok, dont try anything if u r american, everything is expensive, only the jewerly and the sourvenirs are cheap , and the problem is that nobody speak english well u can find somebody who speak at the reception of the mallOveral i can try another hotel but the price is ok, definitly i can back but i will try another hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great Hotel!	Just got back from a stay at the Beijing Courtyard by Marriott for the Olympics. I was very concerned after reading other older reviews, but I was very pleasantly surprised after arriving. The staff was very cordial, knew enough English to make check-in easy.They must have just completed a renovation, as the rooms were very nice. Clean, new carpets, nice size rooms. Beds are a little firm, but didn't keep me from getting a good sleep. Nice quiet nights, no noise from the streets below.Excellent western style breakfast restaurant on second floor, made to order omelettes and eggs.The best thing is the location. Subway stop literally right in front of hotel. One stop from Tiananmen Square, two stops from Pearl Market.The bathroom has a power outlet that handles US style plugs, but you may want to purchase an adaptor if you need to be charging more than one thing at a time, as the plugs in the main room are chinese style three prong (triangle) plugs.I would highly recommend this hotel. Unless you are used to four star Ritz-type hotels, this should meet most travelers' needs.	
Jul 8 2008	I like it here...	Got here yesterday. I was hesitant after reading the reviews on here, but I was quite surprised to see it very modern looking on the inside (outside facade looks like crap). My room is nice with a large queen/small king size bed, small flat screen tv, small sofa, mirrors everywhere. Internet is 80RMB/24hours if you have your laptop. Convenient to walk to large mall, haagen daz, and subway. It is humid in Beijing so pack light clothing and comfy shoes. At first I was trying to decide between the Renaissance and this hotel, and I'm glad I made this choice for my short stay.Also.............take the name of the hotel with you to the airport in Chinese if at all possible. Otherwise tell them you want the &quot;New World Courtyard Hotel&quot;Con: Staff speaks very limited English so you have to repeat things in different ways to get them to understand. Same with general population in Beijing. Took me about 30 minutes to order pekign duck to go down the road...	
Jun 7 2008	i miss the Courtyard Marriott	Originally booked thru Expedia at Fortuneland which was listed as a 3 1/2 star with Courtyard Marriott listed as 3 stars. Having travelled from the Caribbean (Trinidad) through London and Dubai and finally to Beijing - 48 hours, we were horrified at what was called a hotel at Fortuneland. It was more like a run-down brothel and beyond tacky - in fact it was filthy. We checked out immediately. As a matter of fact we never really checked in since we had a look at our &quot;rooms&quot; and decided to hunt for better accommodation. And that was the Marriott Courtyard. At first we had difficulty checking in and then caught on that we should choose upgraded rooms which we did - on the 14 and 15 th floors. Our two-week stay was without incident and quite comfortable.It is true that we were hardly ever there during the day as we were a camera crew shooting a pre-Olympic television series. But we still remember the wonderful breakfasts we had and the more pleasant members of staff.Stay at the Courtyard Marriott - you won't regret it.	
Apr 23 2008 	OK Stay	When arriving at the airport, if the new subway built for the Olympics is not yet running, you can instead take the Airport Shuttle Bus #3 for only 16RMB, get off at the last stop which is the Beijing Railway Station then walk 5 minutes to the hotel. We stayed here on free hotel points for 2 nights. The first room we got, #629, was a smoky smelling room. We called the desk and they immediately brought us the key to another room, this time clean-smelling, and on the 14th floor (where they we re-painting the hallways) with a fabulous view of the busy street corner below. It was a gigantic room, nicely appointed, with no signs of wear as others have reported, bathroom had a marble countertop, see pictures. They provided two small bottled waters, as the tap water is not drinkable in Beijing. Front desk staff spoke good English, concierge helpful with finding sights. There is an elevator. Room charge is paid at check-out. Our free room rate did not include meals. Their breakfast in the Courtyard Cafe is expensive, 100RMB, but lots of food, all you can eat buffet, and they will cook your eggs to order - it opens at 6:30AM. I saw an Internet plug in the room, but I had no PC with me. Internet service in the hotel Business Center is expensive at 30RMB($5USD) for 30 minutes. We found an Internet place in a department store on the busy corner - it was very smoky, but very inexpensive. Couldn't find any more reasonable place to do Internet. The hotel is about 5 minutes from a subway station. You can either take that 1 stop or walk about 30 minutes to reach Tiananmen Square. The Temple of Heaven is about a 10-minute walk from the hotel.	
Mar 15 2008 	Very Nice for a Great Price	After reading the reviews on this site I was a bit skeptical but I decided to give it a shot. I was very glad I did. Yes the hotel is in need of some work but they are remodeling the whole hotel and it will be finished by June 2008.When we arrived they allowed us to check out the room. It was large and clean on an upper floor. The carpet looked worn but all the rooms are due to get new carpet in the renovations. I had been in e-mail contact with the hotel before my trip and had told them that my wife's birthday was soon. The hotel manager arranged for a wonderful cake to be in our room upon arrival AT NO CHARGE. The hotel is right next to a large mall that you can enter from the second floor of the hotel. WIthin 1 block of the hotel are many places to eat including McDonald, Pizza Hut, and Subways. Remember that ifyou want to try local food, most people do not speak english and the menus are in Chinese. The concierge arranged a driver and english speaking tour guide for us. The guide was named Mary and she was great. We hired the two people for 4 days at $140/day for both but this gave us exclusive use of both people and a private car.We did try the breakfast buffet once and it was unimpressive. Ths could have been because they were remodeling and had to use the main restaurant instead of the regular place.We arrived the last day of the Chinese New Year and our room had a great view of the fireworks, which lasted 5 hours.I would stay here again because of the service and location.	
Mar 3 2008 	Sketch 	The hotel is in a good location - roughly 45 minutes from the old airport but very close to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City (15 minute walk) and the Temple of Heaven.The Hadimen Hotel (just behind the hotel) is home to a great restaurant if you want peking duck.The hotel's concierge desk will help you arrange tours if you want to visit the Great Wall of China and the Ming Tombs.The onsite cafe has very poor service (slow and very unattentive). The rooms are sort of small and musty smelling. The blowdriers are hidden in the desk drawers and cannot be unplugged and moved to the bathroom or any other outlet which can be annoying since the lighting is very poor in the room.The executive lounge is very small and doesn't offer any type of nutritious items save some old fruit. The staff does not speak very good English which is quite disappointing considering that the 2008 summer Olympics will be held in this city. The front desk staff wasn't even aware that there were two airports operating in the city. There was only one helpful person who was able to provide us with fairly accurate help and directions in the entire hotel.The staff was quite snotty and slow and did not pay attention to details (I had to request the correct room key and type of room several times - even though I had an email confirmation regarding my selection).The room safe didn't work yet all the housekeeping staff appeared to have a &quot;dummy code&quot; to reset it - so be warned to have a backup plan for any valuables you may be carrying with you.Overall, the location made up for the poor customer service and lack of ambiance.	
Feb 4 2008 	Worst sleep on our trip.	On a 2 week trip to china the Courtyard Marriott was the worst hotel that we stayed at for our entire trip....Actually, probably the worst hotel I have stayed in ever. We Chose this hotel after having read reviews and knowing the carpets were worn and the beds were 'firm,' but we used points and I thought it would be worth it for only a couple days.It was a very bad decision. There are far better hotels at a cheaper rate. the lost sleep was not worth the money saved.1. Many reviews have sad the beds were firm or hard. Ok, to translate, you would be just a good sleeping on the floor.2. you would never imagine sleeping on the floor because it is very Discusting. I would not even take off my shoes. 3. If you are using points, I would suggest going for the Renaissance.4. If you are using priceline to get a great deal, don't. not worth risking staying at. Instead, try a hotel like the highly ranked Bamboo garden which TA currently shows only about $42. ( I did not stay at bamboo, just looking in retrospect at what I wish I had done)I was fooled to think that because it was a Marriott/Courtyard that it would work just fine. If you are just staying for one night, stay at your own risk. If more than one night, please try somewhere else. This is truly one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in after over 500 nights in hotels in the past 3 years. My review may seem a little harsh, but I think many american travelers will go with the &quot;american brand/chain&quot; because it seems safe for it to be comfortable and up to americain standards. This hotel is not. better to go for another hotel!Please send me a PM if you have any questions.If the hotel has been renovated in the past year, I am not aware of this.	
Dec 31 2007 	Pass on the Marriott Courtyard	I am frequent business traveler and know hotel chains well. It was hard to believe this was a Marriott hotel because of the general low standards. The staff, because they were Chinese, were very courteous and responsive, but they were not well trained and all my dealings with hotel staff were disorganized. Check-in confusing at the 16th floor. I was told at the front desk I had upgrade, but it was not apparent as to what or how, and, though I can speak some Chinese, no one could explain in English. Confusion about breakfast. I rented two hotel rooms and they were just OK. One had a slow drain problem. Compared to other hotels in Beijing for the same money, this was not a good value. The lobby is not attractive and one of the computers in the business center did not have a working usb port; another did not have internet access. More confusion to find and use the gym and pool, which are located in the adjacent mall. Sign-in and the desk and find the lockers, then find you have to go back to the desk and ask for a towel. Then, back to the desk again to get a bathing cap which they charge for. I did not have money with me and gave up on swimming at that point. The Courtyard Cafe has snack bar quality food. Location is conveniently connected to the New World Shopping Center and major avenue.	
Dec 9 2007 	Priceline Will Give You This As A 4 Star	Beware! Priceline will cheat you!When you request a 4 star hotel on priceline they will give you this 3 star hotel instead. Then when you try to complain, they will not responsed.... since they have already charged your credit card, they will not work with you.Do not use priceline to book in Beijing!	
Dec 2 2007 	No bad for the rate	We stayed here for 6 nights and we were happy with the hotel. The rooms are worn down and the beds are hard ,but all beds in China are hard. The front desk staff were helpful as well as the bellman, but you need to know a little Mandarin to get the best use from them. Our room was a corner room with two double beds. There was a seating area and ample closet space. The rooms were adequately cleaned each day and the hotel supplies a kettle, which helps becuase you can boil your own water. They charged for the internet at the business center 30 RMB for half an hour- we opted for a much cheaper intnernet cafe in the neighouhood. Bring your passports.The hotel is conveniently located next to New World Centre and is within walking distance of the Subway. Across the street is an indoor market called Origus. We bought many of our meals here - cheap and good. Just point at what you want and hand them money. NOr more than 10 RMB for a good meal. The other markets for tourists we found were twice as much. Overall, the hotel is older and not so clean. Don't expect North American standards. Service was friendly and elevators are slow. The workout facility is very modern as it is owned by a private residence next door. We booked three to a room and expected to pay and extra $40 USD for the third person, but were never charged - bonus!	
Nov 20 2007	Look elsewhere first	My husband and I decided to make our reservations at this Courtyard Marriott based on what we thought they would live up to the Marriott standards. WRONG!!!  We had problems checking in as we went through 3 rooms before the day manager, Johnny gave us the upgrade to a junior suite. We had requested, non-smoking, queen bed and on the executive floor. All the rooms they put us in were smoking even the suite. But after spending about 3 hours to get the room we decided it wasn't worth moving again as we had traveled 13 hours to get there and we were tired. Again, Johnny did all he could to help us out and offered us the club level for breakfast/dinner.We not only had problems with the room but when we provided our credit card we were told it was declined and they wanted a cash deposit (even though the room was paid for in advance)We were told to come by later, which we did and it the credit card went through with no problems.Other than Johnny, the staff did not understand or speak english well. Very poor customer service. We even had a problem with housekeeping giving us &quot;stained&quot; towels to use.The club level was a joke. However, they did offer a good selection for breakfast. Dinner was a different story. They offered small square sandwich appetizers that were stale and the quantity that they put out was very limited (maybe 10 pieces) and the same applied to the (2) hot appetizers..very limited. It then took a long time for them to restock everything so it wasn't worth going their for a relaxing drink and appetizers.I would book this hotel as a last resort as there are other hotels in Beijing that are better however you may pay more but it should be worth it in the end.	
Oct 30 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location Great Amenities	We were very pleased with this hotel. The location is great - about 2 small blocks from the Chongwenmen subway stop. There's a grocery store and several American, Chinese, and Japanese fast food restaurants in very close proximity so it's a great home base for your vacation. Some might say you miss out on the full cultural experience by staying in a western hotel, but the amenities such as currency exchange and the ability to make credit card cash withdrawals were a lifesaver when our ATM card wouldn't work at any of the ATMs we tried. The business center offers relatively pricey internet access (still not bad by US standards), but it's very handy for when you're in too much of a hurry to walk a couple blocks to the dirt-cheap internet cafe. The hotel concierge provides you with cards that have the hotel info printed in Chinese so you can always present those to your cab driver and get back to the hotel when you're through sightseeing. They'll also write the name of the place you want to go in Chinese. The hotel provides you with a couple tiny bottles of water a day, but I recommend going to the grocery store and picking up a larger jug to keep in the bathroom for brushing your teeth and for drinking water while you're in the room, and using the little hotel ones to carry w/ you while you're sightseeing.There were a few cons. The bed was pretty hard but we were always so tired it wasn't an issue. And there were a few carpet and mildew stains as some other reviewers noted, but we felt that the hotel room was plenty clean overall - nothing felt dirty. The bed linens, toilet, and sink area were very clean, and those are the most important in my mind. The tub was very clean except for the stains in the grout lines. We would definitely recommend the hotel and would probably stay there again if we ever find ourselves back in Beijing.	
Oct 22 2007 	Not so great	The location &amp; staf were excellent. The room itself was not so great. The carpets and sofa were filthy and need replaceing. The bathroom needs upgrading and the tiles and grout had mold and mildew throughout. The beds are rock hard. Do yourself a favor and look for another hotel in the area until the management and owners address these issues.	
Sep 27 2007 	Clean Comfortable Rooms with Courteous Staff and great Executive Lounge	Having read the TA reviews and being at my first Chinese hotel, I had reasonably low expectations for this hotel. Fortunately, these expectations were quickly dismissed. The executive level room I received for 860 RMB was clean and smelled fresh, the TV had CNN and HBO, the third bed I had requested was delivered promptly, and there was an in-room refridgerator and safe. The executive lounge provided adequate breakfast and evening hor dourves with bottled water juices, sodas, beer, and wine available. My only complaint about the lounge was that they kept the refreshments refridgerator locked so that you couldn't raid the bottled water for the day like you can in other executive lounges. The front desk staff was personable and extremely helpful in sending me to an amazingly friendly cell phone store to obtain a SIM card and in recommending a tasty restaurant where a 4 course meal, beer, and sodas costed 83 RMB (11 USD)! I generally find the front desk staff more useful than the concierge and in this case they were. Change can easily be given at the front desk though one time they ran out of 20 RMB notes and had to give me 5s and 10s instead. The hotel location is impeccable being inside the Chong Wen district within walking distance from Tiananmen Square. There are several American offerings within walking distance including McDonalds and Haagen Dazs. Unfortunately, you have to pay for internet at this Courtyard unlike the Courtyards in America.Several things to note about my experiences that may differ from others. I am a Marriott Platinum member and I'm conversational in Mandarin Chinese. I know about &quot;Chinese queuing&quot; or the lack thereof and will therefore be pretty aggressive demanding attention from the staff.	
Sep 2 2007 	budget hotel	We chose to stay at this hotel because of its value, its location and it is with the Marriott chain (so there is no big surprises). We stayed for a week. Here are several points:1. Location: It has malls and a lot of restaurants downstairs. Then it is not far away from Tiananmen Square. It is also one block away from the subway station.2. Reception: The receptionists are polite and very professional. As you may, or will, experience, waiting in line is not something that can be taken for granted in Beijing. People tend to cut in line shamelessly whenever they can. Several Chinese tourists attempted to cut in front of us at the reception area when we were checking out of the hotel. I am glad that the receptionists refused to serve them unless they get back in line.3. Internet: They do not offer free internet usage. You can use the internet connection for 40RMB @ hour or 80RMB a day. However, they only have 1 cable in the room, and the system doesn't allow you to share the internet service with multiple computers. My husband and I have 2 laptops, and we have to &quot;purchase&quot; the service individually even though we were in the same room. However, if you talk to the receptionists, they can fix the problem, and reimburse you on the final bill.4. Guest rooms: The rooms are generally clean and adequately maintained (although I agree they could use some renovations and updates especially in the bathroom). There are no strange smell in the room. However, you can forget about requesting for a non-smoking room (I don't think you can get a &quot;non-smoking room&quot; anywhere in Beijing actually...).5. Common areas: The reception area is pretty nice. The elevators has strange smell in the morning, and the carpets are old. They washed the carpet in the hallway during our stay, but it seemed to look the same after they washed it....6. Concierge: They seemed to have merged bellboy and concierge together. They provide adequate service (I booked a 1-day tour to the great wall with their help). There is often no one at the concierge area, and I wonder if you can rely on them on helping you plan your sightseeing trip/route.7. Breakfast: The breakfast was too expensive for what they offer - I'd recommend just getting breakfast from the many restaurants downstairs (There is Mcdonald's downstairs, and they are opening a starbucks soon. Then, you can get Chinese style breakfast in several restaurants too).In general, we had an OK experience with this budget hotel.	
Aug 25 2007 	Rated as a 3 when it's really a 1.5 star	We just returned to Korea after staying 6 nights at the Courtyard Beijing Marriot. There are 2 nice things about the hotel. 1 is the location, it was 2 Kil from the &quot;Temple of Heaven&quot; and &quot;Pearl Market&quot;. 2 is the little lobby bar (only bar), the staff is very professional, they have a nice big flat screen where they show everynight a game show in Beijing, for contestants to win a chance to carry the torch for next years Olympics. The program is in Chinese, but it's easy to follow.Other than those two items, I was completely disappointed in our stay. They were in the middle of renovating the hotel, which the way the hotel looked, it needed this renovation about 10 years earlier. The elevators (1 was being renovated) were smelly, and the carpets were completely stained. The public restroom looked as if they may clean it once a day. The breakfast buffet (if not included will run you about 110.00 CYN for 2 adults), was nothing special. The staff looked like they were in prison and being forced to work. The egg person, didn't care if your eggs broke while he was cooking them, he would just shove them onto your plate. Once we finally got to our floor (7th) the elevator doors open to a nice wall unit. However once you make your way down the hall, you can't help but notice the shreds of carpet, the stains, the many rips all the way to your room. We had a superior room, they chose the wrong name. King size bed, small bathroom, the bathtub fixtures were rusty and chipped. There were stains on the walls, and the furiture had stains everywhere, water marks or something. They give you the normal tolietries, and a mini bar, no liquor though, some beer. They have 2 stations that are in English, other than that it's in chinese. Our rate which I booked through the Marriot website (we are rewards members) 598.00 CYN per night plus tax and fees. On Sunday morning around 7:30 am (did I mention Sunday), we were waken to construction noise of hammering and jack hammering. I called the front desk and asked them if they could stop the noice until 10:00. They firmly said no they are doing renovations. I asked to speak to the manager and received the same answer. He did however ask if we would like to upgrade to a different room right at that moment. The chinese restaurant on the second floor (both restaurants are on the 2nd floor), had a nice asian decor. We ate there only once for lunch the day of our arrival. We had the braised lamb in yellow curry which was quite good. My husband enjoys ice tea, so he had 5, the refills are not free, so his ice tea cost more than our entire meal. Check out was simple (we left at 5:00 am), we caught a taxi which ran us 180.00 CYN. The taxi driver pulls up from 1 street away from the airport. Scam at the airport is a man will offer you a cart &quot;it's free use anyway&quot;, but then he will wheel it up to the entrance and demand you pay him 50.00 CYN. So just get the cart yourself...they are located everywhere. We flew to Dunhuang for several days and returned back to Beijing. I had reservations on our return to stay at the Courtyard but after our experience there, I booked us at &quot;The Prime Hotel&quot; for 10.00 more and a larger nice room...plus their breakfast buffet was wonderful.	
Jul 27 2007	Great Location for using the Marriott points !	Walking distance from Tiananmen Square and right on a Metro station ... and on key bus routes.Typical Marriott but location was great and being one of the Courtyard Hotels a great use of Marriott Rewards. Clean rooms, good service - just what you would expect.	
Jul 16 2007	Good experience great location	Great experience overall – will stay here again if in Beijing. Felt very safe and comfortable here as a first-time visitor to China. Quiet, comfortable room with all needed amenities; A/C, cable TV, fridge (with two small bottles of complimentary water provided daily), hot pot, shower &amp; tub, desk, small couch &amp; table. Great location nearby a subway stop (one stop from Tiananmen Square), grocery store &amp; malls. Breakfast, although very pricey if not included in your room package, was a very plentiful, quality western-oriented buffet with an omelet station. The pool and health club were under renovation during our visit thus no comments and the ground floor bar/lounge was always too smoky for us so we didn’t patronize it but it looked like a pleasant place to rest and have a drink. The front desk &amp; Concierge staff spoke extremely little English &amp; were not overly friendly but we found same service around China. As the guidebooks suggest, make sure to have the name &amp; address of the hotel written in Chinese (a map of the hotel &amp; surrounding area is also helpful for illiterate drivers) when venturing out. Booking a taxi directly versus through the Concierge for day trips saved us money (we negotiated USD 25.00 rate for a taxi to take us to the Mutinayu section of the Great Wall and back).	
Jul 15 2007 	three star hotel	We stayed 5 nights in this hotel. The looby is very nice but the bedrooms need renovation. The carpets are very dirty, the furniture is run down but our queen size bed was very good. The room is fairly large. The pool was being renovated. The breakfast room is fine. The breakfast is reasonnably good, but coffee is horrible. The hotel is located on a quiet street, near a good shopping centre that has a grocery store in the basement.	
May 28 2007 	We enjoyed our stay	We thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay and felt that the previous negative views we had read were unfair . The room was a good size,clean and well up to UK hotel standards . The breakfasts were excellent and the inhouse restaurant in the evening was good and reasonably priced . We liked the location -it was very near to the metro:on one occasion we walked back from the centre of Beijing and it took us about 30-45 mins. The surrounding area was very interesting - with the 2 adjoining upmarket shopping malls(one with a skating rink ! )and the massive subterranean supermarket.We felt it gave us a good feel for a very chinese innercity area and we liked walking round the area at night.The staff were pleasant at all times and we would definitely recommend it to others . Because of our concern about the negative reviews ,our travel co. would have been prepared to transfer us to another hotel if we had not liked it.However, we contacted them to tell them that we did not want to take up the offer as we were very happy with the hotel.It was a good start to our China trip.	
May 4 2007 	Acceptable Marriott Courtyard	This Marriott Courtyard is not quite the quality of the Marriott Courtyards in the US, but it was OK. The furniture in the rooms is fairly shop-worn, but the room was clean and comfortable. I was not on an executive floor, so I had to pay daily for Internet access (around $8 per day). The hotel provides free bottled water. My room had a refrigerator/mini-bar, but I do not know if all rooms had refrigerators. There was enough room to keep some food for breakfast (yogurt, juice, etc.)The hotel is in a good location - right next to a large shopping complex with a department store, supermarket, Starbucks, food court, etc. And it is close to the subway. Despite what it says on their website, you cannot walk to the Forbidden City from the hotel. However, you can walk to the Temple of Heaven from there. There is a major taxi stand right around the corner from the hotel, so there is no need for the bellman to hail a taxi.	
May 4 2007	Pleasantly Surprised	I read the reviews on here after we'd booked the hotel through a travel agency in Hong Kong. I was quite worried after reading the comments but decided I was going to see the city not the hotel.When we arrived there seemed to be some confusion with the booking but they quickly dealt with that and upgraded us.Room was quite nice and better than other PRC hotels I'd stayed in. The gym/ pool was undergoing a refurb (as were two other hotels on this trip) but the other facilities we used such as the bar were good and all of the staff we encountered were very helpful.	
Mar 16 2007 	Not too bad but be aware	I got to the hotel at night, so with all the lights it looked fantastic. The frontdesk was a little cold to wards us, but I thought thats how Chinese people must be, and was too tired to really notice much. Got to the room, nice room, excellent view and a warm feeling to the room.Had a shower, and went to the restaurant for some dinner. Was told that they had closed. So went to the shopping center wich is attached to the hotel, and went down to the supermarket, on the bottom floor. Got some noodles. Went back to the room, boilt some water so I could have something to eat.Woke up feeling groggy in the morning, so went for breakfast, as I was very hungry. Got there, nobody to sign me in, so I thought I would wait a few moments. 10 minutes on, nothing. So I walked in, got my buffet breakfast, sat down at a table, when a waiter came running out, and saying, this is a private dinner room, please leave now. He ushered me out, while me other friends were walking in. Our tourguide tried to explain to the waiter that they had booked this room for breakfast, and that I was allowed to eat there. He did not believe this, and got his supervisor, they checked the books, and yes, they saw we had booked the room.As I had already plated my breakfast, I was told I could not take some more as it was all setup for our little group, and my breakfast was cold by then. I asked for toast, which I did get.The remainder of the stay was ok, except on my last day. We went on a tour and I left my mobile in the room (forgot it on the bedside table) When I got back to the room, my mobile had gone. I went to the receptio to complain, and they told me to prove it, that I did not lose it in the city. I was angry, so I called for the manager, and was told he was too busy.Got back home, explained this to my travel agent, they contacted the hotel, and claim that none of this ever happend. I know it did happen, as my friends all know it did..	
Feb 22 2007 	Dissatisfied with Hotel	Stayed 2 nights at this hotel and was a Platinum (top tier) member of the hotel. Despite calling and confirming that we were eligible for an upgrade to a suite, when we checked in, the front desk staff were extremely rude. They flat out refused an upgrade and refused to call Marriott to confirm. They gave us a non-toll free number and told us to call ourselves but said they could not call for us. Extremely rude and unhelpful staff. Maid service did not respect the Do Not Disturb sign. The doorman never helped us with our bags when we came or when we left. The most upsetting part was that the doorman would purposely call us taxis that would try and rip us off. We took taxis several times a day for 7 days in a row and the only time we were so blatantly ripped off was from this hotel. The first time, the taxi refused to put the meter on and tried to charge us triple the rate. The second time, the taxi drove us in circles for double the regular rate. Another time, we got a driver that had ripped us off and ended up getting out of the cab and getting a taxi from the street. The rooms themselves were comfortable, and we ended up getting free internet, although, it indicated a fee was charged when you sign in, which is supposed to be free at all Courtyards.	
Nov 16 2006	Standard hotel - not as nice as some we stayed at	We always knew this hotel was going to be less desirable than all the others on our stay in China (others were 4/5 star and this was 3 star), however, we booked this hotel as it is in a central location (10RMB taxi ride away from Tianamen Square) and we were meeting up with my sister and her family who had booked here.The staff were friendly and the concierge were very helpful. They loved my two nieces (3 years old and 7 month old) and lavished much attention on them. The only aloof member of staff was the Executive Lounge manager but even she softened to the kids eventually!!!We stayed in an Executive Room on the 6th floor which was more like a standard hotel room however, everything had a tired and worn look about it. We did joke that if this was the stardard of the Executive Room we would hate to see the stardard rooms!The room was not that large considering it was an Executive and the bathroom was very shabby. We had stayed in an Executive room of a 3 star hotel in Shanghai and in comparison to that the Courtyard hotel seemed very poor.We had breakfast every morning in the Executive Lounge and this was really nice with a good selection of food and a chef to cook up any breakfast you wanted (within reason). We also had the lounge to ourselves most of the time too.The hotel is connected to a shopping centre which has leisure facilities that hotel guests can use. We used the swimming pool regularly (free to hotel guests), we mostly had it to ourselves and it was very refreshing to have a dip after a hot days sightseeing. The pool was not as nice as other hotel pools but you have to bear in mind this is a public pool, though I must say it was very clean. One point to note is take a swimming hat with you - these are mandatory no matter how little hair you have!My sister and I also had a pedicure and foot massage at the leisure centre. You could get it much cheaper elsewhere and it was a bit of a shame when even having your toe nails painted cost extra!Overall, the hotel was tired and shabby which is a shame as the location is good and they have all the right facilities with lots of shops and food places nearby.	
Sep 29 2006 	My Oasis in Chaos	I was having a pretty horrible string of luck with hotels in China until I got to the Marriott. The hotel was beautiful and the service was wonderful. I also loved the breakfast buffet. I stayed in an executive room which was huge. It had a seperate living room with its own 1/2 bath. The executive room included internet and breakfast. The hotel is also near Starbucks and the Hongqiao (Pearl) Market.	
Sep 19 2006 	OK but..not up to standards	I stayed @ the Courtyard in Beijing after my stay @ the Renaissance Yangtze Hotel in Shanghai...What a difference...in the negative.The hotel overall was in 'shabby' condition, rooms as well as lobby.From the 'amenities' (or lack thereof) that existed ,I think that this happened to be one of the first 'western; hotels built in Beijing. As an 'elite' Marriott member I did not even receive the 'usual' amenities provided...morning paper as one.Although the location is not bad, close to the 'pearl market' heavenly palace and the subway ,it lacks the comforting feel which one looks forward to upon returning in the eveningNext visit to Beijing will be @ the Renaissance !	
Sep 15 2006 	Courtyard Marriott Beijing and Beijing Review	First, I had bid for a 3 star (highest star level offered) in the Forbidden City district, but did not get a winning bid. Then, I bid for a 4 star in the Chongwen district of Beijing and got the Courtyard Marriott (at a reasonable price for a decent hotel there). It was about 100 RMB by taxi from PEK. I talk about Beijing taxis later. The lobby was nice, as most 3 and 4 star lobbies are, but our initial room was smokey with shabby carpets and wallpaper. I went to front desk and they gave me a much nicer upgraded room. The carpets here were not the newest and had a few stains, but I walk around hotel rooms wearing flip flops anyway. The hotel manager called us a couple of times to make sure we liked the new room better, and this was appreciated. We decided after seeing some of the other available hotels in this city, that actually we may have lucked out in getting the Marriott. As I believe this is a third world country, it seems the standards may be a little different than what we would expect in the US. I would suggest always staying in a &quot;4 star&quot;, at least, in Beijing, and assume that it will be more like a 2 1/2 to 3 star by US standards.The front desk staff was nice overall, but we found that there were a few that understood and spoke English better than others on staff. The concierge desk was efficient about writing down chinese translations, for destinations, on a card for the taxi excursions we took (highly recommended and also circle the destination on a map for the taxi driver).The location was great! It was nice to go to the 5th floor of the adjoining New World Mall and have a selection of little eateries to go to, also nice to walk to the Pearl Market and to the Tiennamen Square area. We felt very safe walking and often commented on how we feel a little safer than walking thru some large cities of the US. I think that justice is very severe in China, so this probably helps alot.We read a recent US article that explained how some Americans frown upon the social ettiquette of Chinese visitors to the US. I have to admit that sometimes it got tiresome, in Beijing, to get bumped by the Chinese and their bags but we came to the realization that the customs and practices are different from US standards. Can't expect another country to be like our own, can we? It's all part of the experience of visiting another country, so we enjoyed experiencing things as they are in Beijing.Bathrooms were a consistent problem as, again, they weren't up to US standards. Honestly, I as a woman, could not force myself to use them: flat on the floor, smelly, and no toilet paper/soap. Bring tissues and hand sanitizer gel for emergencies, otherwise just use the restroom back at the hotel.Taxis seem to often have their little &quot;games&quot;. They will meet you outside the markets, after you have shopped and have significant bags of purchases, and quote &quot;$80 RMB for Rush Hour&quot;. If you had taken a taxi to get there from the Marriott, you may have paid 10 to 25 RMB. You ask them to use the taxi meter, and they say it will cost more that way to get back to the hotel during rush hour. So then you are stuck not knowing what to do, so you negotiate before getting into the taxi, like we did. The next taxi will offer to take you back for $70 RMB, so then we negotiated $30 RMB. Then, you get in a taxi to go from the hotel to the airport. This driver says he will use the meter and shows you , only when asked, that the meter is starting at $10 RMB. Then the whole way to the airport, he somehow covers the meter so you cannot see it,and zeros it out at the airport before you can see the final amount. This ride cost $130 RMB. I think it's best to negotiate the total price before getting into the taxi and going to the airport. Let's not forget, too, that the driver will add about 10 to the total for the road toll. Games taxi drivers play! Oh, and how about when you show the driver the chinese translation for your destination, he seems to understand where you want to go, so you get in, and he drives around awhile before pulling over to ask to see the location on your map (meter running the whole time). Good thing the exchange rate makes the bill not too high.There is a saying: &quot;When in ______ , do as the _______ do.&quot; This would apply to China and probably other places in the world. In China, like the natives, hold your place in lines and negotiate the lowest prices.Overall, we really enjoyed the experience (once we understood the rules) and will be going back.	
Aug 30 2006 	We enjoyed it; but I can see why others didn't	We stayed here for four nights, two for free (points) and two were paid. Let me first give you the good, but keep in mind my mixed-message title above...The hotel itself is better than a typical U.S. Courtyard By Marriot (as in, the three story low-rises with minimal service but good rooms and free continental breakfast). The location is also pretty good- about a short taxi ride to Beijing's major tourist sites. Our room was fine and the internet worked without a hitch. The hotel is connected to a New World Center mall, which has some decent shopping and a very good food court with cheap and tasty (if not fancy) food. Yes, speaking Chinese might help with ordering, but the food is all pretty much in front of you- point and pay, if you aren't fluent in Mandarin. We ate dinner here twice. When we had to return to Beijing to catch our flight, we almost came back to this place (price was a bit higher, and we decided to try something different just to compare).We saw some of the other comments, and I agree that it is likely that some rooms have smoke- but this is true in many hotels in China. It’s a cultural thing. If anything, I'd expect a foreign hotel to have a LOWER frequency of smoke issues. The pool is huge but COLD (by American standards). Our kids had to do laps instead of the usual lounging around just to stay warm! The pool is actually inside a health club in the attached shopping center complex- we didn't think it was a big deal to &quot;leave the building&quot; for about 50-100 feet. Bring a bathing cap, however- as a regular health club pool in China, they enforce this rule very strictly. We were sent down to the shopping mall to buy caps (which were 20-50 yuan each), but on the last day we saw others who got basic caps from the health club sold for only 10 yuan. There are some other warts here which also could turn you off. We wanted to change money downstairs and also got rebuffed a couple of times (wait for the business manager to arrive, which is not until 10AM; right now we can only exchange cash not traveler's checks, and so on.) But they did change our money eventually, so it was not all bad. As for the taxis- I agree that the cabs in front are quite routinely &quot;owner-driven&quot; cars - meaning that they work for themselves and consider the meter optional. We took a short ride, and my wife was convinced that the fare was high (she spoke Chinese the whole ride to him, and he only put the meter up because she asked him to do so). If you are worried about it, insist on a cab that you like, or you can flag a cab half a block down the street - that's what we did for our taxi ride back to the airport. I'd also note that we stayed at the HolidayInn Downtown in Beijing, and the hotel staff there also insisted that &quot;all cabs are alike.&quot; My point is that many 4 star hotels will tell you the same thing that this Marriot does. Regarding the &quot;seedy neighborhood&quot; comments- ChongWenMen is south of the center, and it is true that the south is not all great. The immediate area is fine. But we walked to the TianTan Park (less than a mile), we saw plenty of &quot;poor Beijing&quot; which doesn't make the tourism brochures. Compared to the poverty areas of the U.S. it actually isn't bad. We were approached by a beggar while walking back to the hotel. And we saw some buildings which were definitely aged and in need of repair.As far as breakfast- we never paid the big bucks which the hotel wanted. If you are willing to eat local food, I strongly encourage you to try the Yong He Da Wong restaurant just one block to the right of the hotel (ask the bellboy or concierge; on the restaurant sign there’s picture of a guy who looks a little bit like an Asian Colonel Sanders). Food there is good, and at &quot;local prices&quot; (25-32 yuan each day to feed two adults and two children quite well). They also have a bacon &amp; eggs special which might pass for &quot;western food.&quot; One warning: the whole menu is in Chinese, but there are a good number of pictures, and plenty of people eating there so you could probably point to some things and have success. Yes it's long winded, but I wanted to give you the full picture. I'd say the hotel building was 4.5 star quality, neighborhood is 4 stars, staff quality 2.5-3 starts, and amenities 3-4 stars here. Overall, a good place but come with the knowledge that there may be some annoying little things here and there.	
Aug 12 2006 	Much better than I expected!	After reading the last few reviews here I was very hesitant about booking this hotel but the price and location won out. We found the hotel to be typical of most Courtyards with clean and spacious rooms. The rooms had 2 double beds (small doubles!) and our roll away was set up and ready for our arrival. We took the train in from Shanghai and got to the hotel by 8am. The front desk allowed us to check in and gave us keys to our rooms even though they had not been cleaned yet - we were able to leave our bags in the rooms. The breakfast was good - typical hotel breakfast buffet. Check out was quick. The location is great - next to the mall and within walking distance from the Pearl Market (closes at 7PM though!).	
Jul 15 2006	Bitterly Disappointed	Bitterly disappointed with the Courtyard by Marriott - the level of service offered during my stay was attrocious - the toilet was leaking, stinking up the whole room and the front desk staff were unresponsive and showed no understanding for my discomfort until I raised my voice - something I should not have to do. Giggling smirking staff who repeat &quot;Sorry&quot; and then just look down and pretend to be busy is NOT the level of customer service I expect from an international hotel chain such as the Marriott.If you choose to stay here, be prepared for the stench of cigarette smoke everytime you enter the lobby and fitness club, being demanded to pay for swimming caps that you knew nothing about at check-in, stale and limp hotel breakfasts, the 40RMB/hr cost for internet access, taxi drivers not knowing the hotel by name (I speak fluent Chinese so it was not a pronounciation problem), old smelly carpet and occasional foul smells wafting through the air conditioner among other things.Clearly, management is incapable of what is required to operate and provide what is expected from a hotel of the Marriott's calibre.Do not stay here if you are used to the usual standard of the Marriott - you will be bitterly disappointed.	
Jul 13 2006	Beware: Very disappointed	I was under the impression this was to be a 4 star hotel. I see now its rated 3, but I wouldn't even give it that. More like a 2 star. The only thing going for it was the location, which was excellent, close to Pearl Market (Hung Qiao), subway and other shopping. Carpeting throughout was filthy, the lobby and elevators wreaked of smoke. Furniture in the rooms was old and worn. I concurr with the other post, watch out for the taxis. I foolishly assumed that the concierge in a Marriot hotel would not hail us a rip off taxi not using a meter, but was wrong. We jumped in at 6:30 in the morning heading to the airport half awake only to realize we got ripped off for the ride. Our previous hotel in Beijing would not use a driver without a meter, so I was off guard. Never, ever assume anything in China, even from the door step of Marriot. This is not up to Marriot standards. If you just want a clean bed to rest your head in a great location this is the place for you. But I'd try to find a true 3 or 4 star hotel near by if that's what your looking for, and pass on this one.D. Davis	
Jun 28 2006 	Avoid at all costs	This was simply an abomination of a hotel. From the first impression of not being greeted, dirty entrance, rude doorman, terrible front desk staff. Avoid the taxi que at the fron of this hotel - or risk being ripped off. Many visitors were complaining during our stay. Also, if you enjoy the fact the the lobby seating is taken by smoking taxi drivers on break and other assorted riff-raff - this is your place. Marriott should be ashamed!!!!!! Friviolous charges on check out - and surly and confrontational service during stay. I have never encountered any Marriott brand in which customers were so worried (not just us but many others too). Unsafe - particularly at night - unsupervised entry - inattentive staff - non-existent doorman and bellcaps. A very ugly experience. Avoid this trap and stay at other hotels (both the Marriott West and Renaissance are exceptionel).	
Jun 5 2006	Courtyard by Marriott New World is a good choice	Nice big hotel, with good location. Walking distance to &quot;the pearl marked&quot;. The hotel is connected to a big shopping centre. Several resturants in the building.Lived there for 1 week, and had a great time!	
May 16 2006	Good and convenient hotel	The location of the hotel is perfect where it takes only one minute to the subway station. The hotel is just behind a shopping mall. Inside the mall, there are Starbucks and KFC so that we can eat at reasonable price. The room is clean although there is no Internet connection. The breakfast is up to 4-star standard.	
May 8 2006	A good hotel - but not quite up to the usual Mariott standard.	Having frequently stayed in Courtyard Marriott hotels around the world, I had high expectations of this property. Whilst it lived up to most of these expectations, there were numerous aspects which were somewhat disappointing when compared to the usual 5 star Mariott experience.There are many reasons I would stay at this hotel again. In particular, it is modern, spotlessly clean, and has an excellent location (it is only 5 minutes from the subway, 10 minutes from Wangfujing Street, and an easy 25-30 minutes from Tiananmen Square). The breakfast was superb both in quality and variety, and the hotel site also features a shopping mall, a supermarket, Starbucks, KFC, Pizza Hut and McDonalds. My booking was made online, and the checkin procedure was swift and efficient. I got the room I ordered, and it took no more than 5 minutes to get upstairs to the room itself. The business center, although expensive, is well equipped and useful.On the down side, the front-of-house staff were almost always surly and rude. Most of them had limited English, and they urgently need to learn how to smile! Also, the air conditioning in the room was not working properly, and only seemed to be blowing warm air around the room. Despite a maintenance request, it was not addressed during my stay. The mini-bar and coffee bar are well stocked, but for us tea drinkers, I suggest you BYO as there are no tea bags. Finally, the mattress was like sleeping on a slab of granite. This may well suit somebody who prefers a rock solid bed, but the rest of us have to suffer. Mind you, the bed linen was superb, and is a real positive.Overall, this is a modern, clean and well located property which is very good for both business and tourist guests. However, if you are anticipating the usual Marriott experience, then you may be slightly disappointed. In particular, I recommend that the staff be given some remedial training on customer satisfaction. Whist I rate it as 4 out of 5, it only just earns that score.	
Apr 24 2006	Nice Hotel	We stayed for 4 nights. Our room was a non smoking room with no odors. We were upgraded to a deluxe room with 2 double beds, a couch and bathrobes. Yes the furnishings and carpet are a bit on the older side but still in good shape. The room was spotless and daily maid service wonderful. We had a 4yr old with us and the Pizza Hut, Mc Donalds and KFC came in handy since he was not into the local food. The shoping mall and grocery store was so convient and helpful. The neighborhood was fine.The only problem was that the front desk has an excuse everyday for not exchanging our currency. They would not change anyrthing over $100 USD at a time. Always said short on money but when they opened the drawer it was full of bills.Breakfast was good. On our stay the food was fresh. Eggs made to order for you. Fruit and bread fresh and tasty.A few of the hote dishes like the noodles were lukewarm but ok. Ate dinner once in the resturant, it was just ok. You can not drink water but you were given water bottles everyday. Hotel is so close to Tian anmen Square, Forbidden City, Silk Market shopping, Temple of Heaven and the subway is a short block away.Business Center to use computers very well staffed and easy access, but not free.Lobby very nice but very very smoky. Front desk and concierge spoke good english.Check in and check out very quick and bill correct. Overall very happy with hotel and would stay here again.	
Apr 8 2006 	Very Good Hotel	This nice 4 star hotel is relatively recent (opened less than 10 years ago). I was there for business and was pleased with the service, room, and restaurants. I had a bathrobe in my room which is always nice.However if I were a tourist I would probably stay elsewhere as there is not much to do or see around the hotel. Also staying at an American hotel in China is kind of funny.To answer a previous reviewer: ALL hotels in China charge extra for internet use.	
Apr 5 2006	A typical Marriott Courtyard	A standard US style Marriott Courtyard. Close to Forbidden city and is inside a mall. There is a grocery story on the -1 floor of the mall, where you get mineral water for 2 RMB, while the hotel will charge you 38 RMB.English speaking staff with chinese culture. I called the concierge from room and asked him to send me the trip tickets to my room, since I did not want to go down. He agreed but did not show up. I called him 30 minutes later and asked him again. He agreed to come up with ticket but never showed up. Later, after an hour I went down and collected it.Internet was not free(40 RMB per hour), eventhough it was advertised for free.Everything else is pretty decent.	
Mar 31 2006	Unless you are a smoker stay away		
Nov 17 2005	A Bland Introduction to Beijing		
Nov 14 2005	Hotel 		
Nov 2 2005	Pleasant Stay		
Sep 19 2005	Better than the Average Courtyard		
Aug 21 2005	Wouldn't go back		
Jul 3 2005	Modern hotel convenient location		
Jan 31 2005	Like being in America		
Oct 22 2004	Great Stay at the New World Courtyard		
Oct 22 2004	Great hotel		
Oct 23 2009 	peggior hotel in pechino  da evitare		
Aug 29 2009 	Très bien		
