	Perfect for Families but a bit far from downtown	We joined my husband on a business trip to Beijing and Shanghai. Wanted something bigger than a hotel since we have 3 young boys. We got a 2 bedroom + a den and it was great. The rooms were huge with 3 full baths and washer/dryer. They were clean and there was a pool a short walk away. They had buffet breakfast each morning and we usually found some decent things to eat. Cereal, toast, fruit in addition to the &quot;Chinese&quot; breakfast items. The staff was very nice and was as helpful as possible. Just keep in mind they are not conceirges. The only complaint was that it was far from downtown and very few restaurants close by especially for an American family.	
Nov 18 2009 	Nice Hotel--Skip the Spa	The hotel was very pleasing and very-well kept. The accommodations were very comfortable and the space was big enough to stretch after a long day, and my family and I really enjoyed staying here. The breakfast was standard continental and well stocked, and the staff was friendly, especially the manager. This hotel doesn't have your standard Guest Services person to help you plan your trip around Beijing, but the staff can give you some tips.The Palm Springs Spa on the other hand was a miserable experience. They charge big bucks for poor service. I made an appointment after my mom and my sister got a massage. When I arrived to get the same massage, they made me switch rooms three times, which was very ackward and uncomfortable. The attendant brought me tea when I ordered water, and the massage therapist kept sneezing on me during the massage. Surprisingly, I got a cold soon after that--Not pleasing at all. On top of that, the massage was lame and not worth it. When I asked my mom and my sister about their experience, I realized that they had screwed me. They gave the cheapest, lamest massage and charged me the price of the Thai Aromatherapy massage. Their service and the way they treat clients is poor and unprofessional.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent for Long Stay	This place is really targeted for long term stay (e.g. over 2 weeks). The rooms are huge and well decorated. Everything you could possibly need is provided.The hotel, it's a serviced apartment really, is located inside one of the most upscale apartment compound in Beijing. The club house has a good size gym that's not crowded and a huge spring water pool, excellent for families. The garden inside the compound is enormous and fantastic to walk around.Yes, the location may not be convenient on face value, but if you ask the front desk to write down the compound name in Chinese, almost all taxi drivers know how to get there. The location is actually very good because it has easy access, without getting stuck in traffic, to Sanlitun, CBD and the 4th ring road, for quick access to the airport and Lido area.As it is a serviced apartment, don't expect the same type of service that you would get from a 4 or 5 star hotel concierge, however the front desk will try very hard to help you.The fact that many of the guests in this hotel/serviced apartment are long residents is evidence of the good service, location and room quality.If you want a 5 star breakfast, this is probably not for you. The selection is limited, and there is no 24 hour room service. The restaurants in the club house do room service for lunch and dinner.For full disclosure, we are long term residents at the Marriott.	
Jun 18 2009 	The rooms look nice but they were musty and smoky	We booked this hotel thru the assoc rate from a Chinese hotel. We were not aware that they had lower rates for Chinese guest and checked in upon arrival. Once we left our room we were confronted by several managers who told us that were could only stay if we agreed to a higher rate. I told them we were going to keep the rate that we checked in under because I had no desire to pay 3xs the rate of our reservation. They eventually sort of apologized but still insisted they were going to raise the rate because the computer made a mistake. I explained that the reservation was a contract and they accepted it once we checked in then we left to get dinner. when we got back to our room it was apparent that someone had been there and when I called downstaris I was told that the only thing that was to be discussed was changing the rate and we could do it at that moment or in the morning but either way the rate would be raised. We only checked into that hotel so that we could cookin the kitchen from the markets and do our laundry since were suppose to stay in Beijing for 12 days. We also asked for a non smoking room which we didn't get. We decided to have them comp the night and arrange for transportation to another hotel in the morning. I did the laundry we had that night and my husband and I both woke up extremely stuffy nosed and congested from the dust and smoke. It was definately the low light of our month long stay in China. There is nothing interesting in the area except for the restaurant across the street and you have to take a cab to the subway. The area is quite depressing in the evening We checked into the Beijing Renaissance the next morning and they had a drop off laundry around the corner for our future use. Checking out was the best experience we had at this hotel. Good Riddance	
Jan 2 2009 	Good stay but not exactly what I expected	My family (husband, mom, two twenty-something year old nephews and I) stayed here for four nights in November. I was very disappointed in the fact that this was listed as a 3BR/3BA apt. when in reality it was only a 2BR/3BA. As another poster stated, the third room is actually a study. If the sofa in the room had been a sofa bed, than listing the room as a bedroom would have been okay, but that was not the case. The sofa was not even big enough for someone to sleep on. When I called Guest Services they initially told me I would be charged for a rollaway bed if one was available. My husband and I walked back to registration to complain and were told the first bed was free but there would be a charge (I think $30USD per day) for another rollaway. One of my nephews was forced to sleep on the sofa in the living room. The rest of the apt. was pretty luxurious. The master bedroom was enormous and the second bedroom was also nice and had a bathroom in the bedroom. The kitchen was fully-equipped and there was a full-sized washer and dryer in the unit.We never found the supermarket across the street and did not think that many other restaurants and stores were within walking distance. It is not that easy for taxis to find the Marriott so we got dropped off at the front gate and walked back. Luckily I had hired a car and driver for the time we were there so we did not take taxis that much.Compared to other hotel breakfasts the Marriott was so-so. The number of hot items was limited. Other Chinese hotels have had a much bigger spread and a variety of dim sum.	
Jan 2 2009	Great rooms but out of the way.	My husband daughter and I stayed in the Marriott Palm Springs for 6 nights in December. We booked a 2 bedroom apartment and it was spacious, beautifully decorated and clean. We weren't guaranteed a non-smoking room and sure enough, we didn't get one. The smell was quite bad for the first day or two but then wore off. These apartments are really designed for travelling business people. The kitchens are gleaming because they are never used. There are no cooking utensils to be found and when I asked at reception for a saucepan to cook some pasta was told they are not available. That being said, there was little else wrong with the room. Food in the hotel consists of a decent breakfast buffet with a mix of Asian and Western food. After breakfast there is no food to be had in the hotel. Only a coffee machine which operates all day and gives quite nice coffee. Across the road is Chaoyang Park which is enormous and a lovely place to wander. We found an amusement park and though it was Winter and the park looked deserted we found there were some ride operaters and ended up riding a small roller coaster, which was fun. A few kilometres up our road is a pretty good shopping area. Buses cost 1 yuan to get there and to ride the subway costs 2 yuan. Taxis are plentiful and cheap. The staff at our hotel were polite and helpful. Had I done more research, I may not have stayed at this hotel mainly because of the lack of easily obtaining food but we were very, very comfortable and the accommodation cost was certainly not budget breaking - around $250 AUD per night for a 2 bed, 2 bath apartment.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great For Family	I stayed here because I want to have my 76 years old mother close to myself and wife in our Beijing trip. Originally I booked a two bedrooms, two baths unit. Right before we departed for Beijing, I found out a Beijing relative is willing to spend sometime with us and stayed overnight, so I changed the booking to three bedrooms unit for a short time.We arrived and was told three bedrooms were actually two big bedrooms with own bathrooms, and a third study room that can accomodate a rolling bed, and a non attached bathroom. My relative left after two days, so we moved down to a two bedrooms unit. The three bedrooms unit is not only larger in total area, the inside is plusher, and more luxurious.We made use of the nice kitchen to heat leftover, and was happy to find washer/dryer.Palm Spring Executive Apartments is the most exclusive apartments in Beijing, Marriott is housed in tower 11.Included breakfast is great. Service is impeccable.Location is a little far, not within walking distance to any subway, but there is bus station in the front.I ended up taking taxi everywhere I went, but taxi fare is cheap in Beijing .Within walking distance is an restaurant called Junwangfu Peninsular Resturant, in the Chaoyang Park, and the place used to be the royal residence. We ate there and the food was great. At the attached Palm Spring shopping center, there is a cash atm from Citibank, and I got money there easily.The separate club house has great excercise facility ,and it is comprehensive , even with a ping pong room. Because all the entrances are guarded, one can feel really safe there. I would definitely return to here next time I visit Beijing.	
Nov 4 2008 	Love this place	This long term executive hotel is a perfect place for a long term stay. Breakfast is included and a wonderful place to meet other expats that are staying in the building. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The internet works fairly well most of the time and the gym is so convenient. The location is easy to access restaurants via walking or cab. Also, a good place for a vacation stay as you can meet so many long termers that can offer suggestions to you!! The GM goes out of his way to make you feel part of a family!	
Jun 14 2008 	Superb Beijing hang-out!	On the basis of what we read here, we booked two nights at the Marriott Palm Springs apts for our last days in Beijing and found the accommodations to be so perfect we wanted to extend our stay for another few days. The descriptions of the room layouts, appliances and materials are as others have positively chronicled – well-appointed (except for kitchenware), comfortable and classy. The floor-to-ceiling windows allow excellent views of the city and the addition of sheers to the curtaining allows the entire apt to be bathed in light without leaving the occupants on display. Zoned heating and cooling is a definite plus! Breakfast was a delight, with the hot items totally changing from one day to the next and fresh pastries and fruit, cereals and yogurt a constant. The coffee/espresso/cappuccino machines make truly excellent beverages and work 24/7 so you can pad down after dinner and get a freshly brewed espresso to go with your nightcap. There’s a Manager’s reception each evening at 9:00pm, but we never managed to make one.In our one-bedroom apt there was a good desk and desk chair facing the window in the bedroom with a leather lounge chair and ottoman adjoining. Lots of electrical outlets behind a panel on one end of the desk, good lighting, feature-filled telephone and a supplied Ethernet cable (along with the great view) made it a very nice workspace. There’s also a cordless phone in the living room and phones in the baths.The housekeeping we experienced was very good and certainly adequate. In making the bed, our housekeeper fluffed and arranged the pillows we’d actually used for sleeping and didn’t return to the bed the plethora of sleeping and decorative pillows we’d removed and placed in a corner. Some might consider this a fault, but we appreciated not having to demolish the bed covers each night to make the bed ready for sleeping. As is now the norm most everywhere, towels are replaced only if you specify. All linens are plush and plentiful, as you’d expect from Marriott. We paid $147+room tax/night and feel we got a bargain.We were impressed with security, beginning from the gate when our taxi entered the compound and on into the elevator where one had to insert a room key to ascend to all but the first floor. As noted by others, there is a grocery just a three-minute walk away. It’s three floors of excellent shopping – quick foods/take-out, regular grocery items, alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, paper products, cleaning products, OTC drugstore items and a great selection of general department store items. We bought excellent stainless steel chopsticks for 45 cents/pair and a terrific Argentine Mendoza cabernet for 99 yuan (about $14), as well as all the components for a noodle, vegetable and tofu dinner, chocolate pastry dessert, fruit and yogurt for about $3. Directly across the street from the front door is a neat little restaurant from which we got take-out one night. Without our asking, they split all the dishes we ordered into two equal-sized containers so we each had our own servings – a nice feature when you don’t have plates at “home” The staff at MPS is very accommodating and very professional. One reviewer found their English wanting, but those we encountered were English-savvy and eager to help. They offered suggestions, obtained cabs quickly and accurately advised us on the approximate fare to our destinations. Our departure was from Beijing Airport’s Terminal 3 (the most common international terminal) and the fare was 74 yuan (about $10.50) with a travel time of about 35 minutes (average traffic, not bumper-to-bumper). Whether for business or for pleasure, we highly recommend Marriott Palm Springs apts and intend to make this our permanent home for all future visits to Beijing.	
May 20 2008	Yes yes yes	I don't know why this isn't better advertised. We got a two bedroom for about $180 US. It's a cheap cab ride into the tourist parts of the city and very fast. I stayed with a friend who snores very loudly, and given the crazy jet lag we were going to have, we wanted two bedrooms. This place is huge- what was nice was the living room where we could recover from jet lag while another slept. It was just a very comfortable way to being our trip to Asia. Very clean- large kitchen, although we didn't cook. Next to shopping and grocery store to buy water, drinks, etc. For families, this place is perfect. Just a nice way to acclimate to a far away journey. Bedrooms were large, well lit. Living room was enormous with large flat screen. Full size kitchen. Sometimes in hotels large is inversely related with quality- i.e., large rooms are usually junky and small rooms are nice and refined, but in this hotel, you have large spaces very well decorated with granite bathrooms, etc. If I had a bunch of kids, I would definitely stay here, too. Just a nice neighborhood where you are, too. Very safe and lots of expats staying nearby. Very happy we found this place. You don't earn Marriott points though- that's not so great. Two bedrooms- two bathrooms.	
Apr 10 2008	This Hotel is Fantastic	My Family just returned from Beijing we stayed at this Hotel and were delighted about everything this Hotel had to offer. This Hotel is clean and the staff here are very helpfull. This was our first time visiting Beijing and we could not have been more pleased. The Apartments are spacious and clean, they actually have hard wood floors in them and they have everything you will need for your stay including a washing machine. The Hotel has a buffet breakfast everyday that offers many different types of food. You can have anything from fruit and yogurt to authentic chinese fair, if you ask the staff they will even fry you an egg or make you an omlet.This hotel has a beautiful swimming pool and spa as a guest of the Hotel you can get a membership free of charge while you are staying at the hotel. The spa is first class. The pool is on the other side of the property this hotel has several buildings in a gated area it has a covered running track that circles the buildings as well as a playground for younger children. The area that this hotel is in is called the Chaoyang district which in fact is the wealthiest district in Beijing. The city is undergoing major contstruction so you will see roads that look nice but others are not so nice. However at no time did we ever fell threatend or unsafe in any of the areas that we visited. Remeber Beijing is HUGE so if you plan on walking bring good shoes. The Hotel is located well you will find that most things you want to see are within walking distance if you like walking if not just grab a cab most things are just a few min away. The front desk has maps for you and they have several different business cards with addresses written in Madarin for the taxi driver. Dont be afraid to ask for help the people in China will not offer to help but if asked they are more than happy to give directions.My family would stay at this Hotel again. We enjoyed every moment here.Marie	
Apr 6 2008	Poor service not suitable for short stays or first time visitors	I just completed an over 2-month stay at the Marriott Exec Apartments. The one-bedroom I occupied was spacious, but the gold-plated furnishings and decor with the dark wood floor and green carpeting are not entirely my taste. Cleanliness in the rooms was so-so and amenities appear precious at this hotel (cleenex are not refilled!). The inventory check-in list did not match my check-out list, which is why I was charged for 'missing' items I had not even signed for in the first place (mostly kitchen items like can opener, cutting board, etc) or that broke during my stay (glass container). The cost is excessive and the charge for the two laundry bags in which I carried my dirty clothes to my permanent residence was absurd (CNY 24 each!) and to add insult to injury, the receptionist assured me that was standard at any hotel....not that she had ever stayed at one in this category.Service overall during my stay was poor. Staff appears poorly trained and unknowledgeable about Beijing or the surroundings. Guests categorically have to greet staff first before being greeted back. The 'at your service' button on the phone in the room is best not used: Calls are either unanswered or answered in chinese. Very helpful for foreigners!The hotel only serves daily breakfast (Identical every day, little to no choice and the same green scrambled eggs - yuck!) in a quite unpleasant lobby/banquet area space, and features no other restaurants. The attendants there try, but have no means available to please guests or make you feel good. Taxi drivers usually drop off at the front of the 11-building apartment complex, as the two Marriotto towers are in the back of the 11-building complex, resulting in a 5-minute walk through the grounds.Location at the south end of Chaoyang Park (not what one expects of a park, as there are no trees and losts of amusements only) is not ideal for business in the North Chaoyang area, but only about a 5 minute cab ride from the Workers Stadium and Sunlitun area.I did not use the pool or fitness area, as they are located in another building (walk outside across the complex). During most of my stay ,outside temperatures were well below freezing, which did not encourage a visit there, as returning from a workout or swim came with the real risk of acquiring a serious cold.	
Mar 24 2008 	5 Star accomodations for 3 Star price	The property is really nice and the rooms descriptions are accurate. The grounds are beautiful and breakfast served in the hotel was good. They served different items each day. They served different breads, cereals and juices and coffee of course. You can ask for eggs cooked to your liking. The hotel is a little far from the local sites but cabs are cheap and plentiful. The hotel staff is very helpful and they would hail a cab for you while you waited in the lobby. They would tell the driver where you needed to go. The rooms are roomy and clean. The driver we had arranged for our trip to the Great Wall no showed. They arranged for another driver for us... that day in less than 10 minutes. He was really nice and police. It is true that some drivers were not familiar with the location of this hotel. We loved the place and we would definitely stay here again. There is a grocery store half a block away very convenient. The kitchen only had glasses and cups no plates or silver and there was a washer no dryer. I didn'f really cook or need the plates and I used the washer once and hung items to dry. also do remember to bring your swimming caps they are required at the pool.	
Dec 1 2007 	Overall a good value for the money	We recently stayed at the Marriott Palm Springs executive apartments Nov 1-4, 2007. Overall, we were satisified and would stay there again. The apartments are huge- we had a 2 bdrm/2 bathroom with dining room, full kitchen, and living room. The facilities are great- a heated indoor pool, gym, small playground, and 2 on site restaraunts. Breakfast was included in our rate and was pretty good- a mix of western and chinese. The only reason we didn't give it 5 stars is because even though there was a fully equipped kitchen, there was nothing in it- no silverware, cookware, dishes, etc. And there was a washing machine but the hotel didn't provide washing soap (or sell it for that matter). We did ask to have some forks sent up one night for our take out dinner and it came 45 minutes after we called.As for location- most big attractions were about 20-30 minute taxi ride away. We never had a problem with taxis being able to find it. Good restaraunts within a 5-10 minute ride. We arranged most of our site seeing prior to arrival so I can't really comment on the front desks knowledge. Their english was just OK.	
Oct 19 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Stayed in a 3 bedroom apartment with my 2 friends for 5 nights. The apartment is huge, although one room is actually an office but I requested a bed be put in. The location is fine, just bring a map of the hotel when you are going out. Taxis are very cheap.Recommend you go to the Silk Street Market, its indoors, and you can find anything there. But be prepared to haggle alot, if they 2000 you say 200. We took the trip to the great wall with the hotel, we had a guide called susan who was very informative however, the trip is expensive and the lunch wasnt exactly great.....spiced jelly fish....the is a mcdonalds just down the road if you find yourself a bit hungry. The breakfast was fine, buffet and there is free coffee all day in the lobby. Free wireless internet is available in the lobby but you must pay for internet in your room.	
Oct 18 2007 	location is so-so; service is poor	we just got back from BJ. we stayed at the hotel for about one week. even the place has great facilities (like swimming pool, gyem), the location is just so-so. service is poor. the front desk does not know much about the town.  not recommend this hotel for first timer in Beijing	
Aug 31 2007 	great place to stay	Fantastic apartment. Huge rooms and facilties. Good location. Breakfast ok, staff very helpful. Web site could explain the location better in the compound as some taxi drivers don't know where it is.	
Aug 22 2007 	Fantastic stay here	We spent 5 nights here in a 2 bed apartment (2 bathrooms also) as a party of 3. The whole experience greatly exceeded my expectations. Staff were friendly, helpful, and spoke excellent English. The apartment was beautiful - clean, fresh, lots of thoughtful touches. Rooms were extremely spacious, and the kitchen was well equipped in terms of appliances, including washing machine, dishwasher, iron and ironing board. There was no cutlery/crockery/pans, but a well stocked supermarket within the complex sells all of this. There's also a pharmacy and spa, and a lovely leisure complex with a large swimming pool, as well as a gym within the apartment building. It is a little out of the centre - minimum 20-30 mins in a cab outside rush hour (more than twice that at peak time) but cab fares were no more than £2-3.00. There are several restaurants within 10 mins walk, at the west gate of Chaoyang Park. On arrival, it did take us a few minutes to figure out which building in the complex was the Marriott, but the security guards were helpful in pointing us in the right direction. Would definitely recommend this place. The biggest downside was that every other hotel we stayed in afterwards was a disappointment in comparison!	
Jul 22 2007 	great place	this was first rate. The problem with cab drivers not knowing where it was was never a problem (we always carried card with address). It was relatively close to the airport. Our only real complaint was that the staff was not all that knowledgeable about museums, etc.	
May 26 2007	Perfect for business traveller	This is a 5-star property at a 3-star price. For 3 of us in Beijing for 14 days on business, this hotel was perfect. Particularly the free internet access, free breakfast, on-site gym and walking distance to a variety of restaurants. Then there was the accommodation. We usually stay at the 5-star china world hotel, which would have cost us more than double what we paid here for the 2-bed/2-bath suite, and none of the room. The front desk staff was over the top helpful and gracious. Although it seems to be out of the way of the action, and for a tourist wanting to be near the center of town activities this is true, it was just a $3 cab ride to anywhere we needed to go. Will stay there again and recommend this bargain of a property!	
Aug 28 2006 	Top notch facility	We were 2 families that rented a 3-bedroom apartment for 3 nights. This was the most spacious and luxurious facility ever. Everything from the hardwood floors to the marble bathrooms was top notch. This was one instance where the rooms lived up to the photos on the hotel website. The beds and linens were the high quality now expected of the best hotels. Amenities and towels were high quality; bathrobes were provided. The master bedroom had a private bath with separate shower and tub. The second bedroom had a private bath with a shower-over-tub. There was a third bath on the hallway with a shower stall. The master bedroom had a standard in-room safe.Although the staff’s English was a little spotty, service was good. As mentioned in another review, the 3 bedroom units are really set up as 2 bedrooms plus a den/office (with a sofa but no bed) as the units are designed for long-term residents. My confirmation from booking at the Marriott website, however, said there would be a king bed and 2 queens, so when we called the Marriott in advance of arrival, they promised we would have a second queen in the den at no charge. On arrival, there was a roll-away bed there, but when we pointed out the discrepancy a crew arrived and cheerfully replaced it with a queen bed. The kitchen is not stocked with pots/pans or utensils. There were only 4 coffee cups/saucers, 4 glasses and some spoons. No coffee maker, only a water boiler with some instant coffee (common in China). There is a large Chinese grocery store about a block away where we bought paper cups, plates and other supplies. A large separate laundry room had an American brand front-loading washer and a dryer. This was one of the few places where there was lots of bottled water on arrival which were diligently replaced daily. The Marriott operates two apartment towers in a complex with several towers. The complex is a secure facility with limited access. In the interior are extensively landscaped grounds with a waterfall and children’s play structure. Marriott guests have access to an athletic club in the complex which has a workout room and the biggest and most luxurious private indoor pool I’ve ever seen. The enormous pool room has one wall of glass looking out to the gardens and has marble floors, columns. The locker rooms are first class, with showers that are separate booths with privacy curtains. It’s a little awkward to get club access, as you have to get a free card pass from the Marriott front desk and then cross the garden area and access the pool from the club entrance at the other side of the complex. The club requires you to wear a hair cap in the pool so you either have to bring one or purchase one at the club (about 40-80 CNY). Free breakfast buffet is included for occupants. Although we were 3 adults and 3 kids, there was no extra charge. The buffet is limited: scrambled eggs with a rotation of bacon, ham or sausage, some kind of potatoes, toast and a few pastries, a few Chinese items (rice porridge or noodles). Coffee is good as it is from self-service automatic espresso machines that grind fresh beans for each cup. Although the buffet offerings were limited, for some reason this was the favorite breakfast during our 2-week trip for our kids. I think it may be because the dining room is small and intimate, with sofas and coffee tables as well as dining tables – more like a bed and breakfast place. The location is not ideal for tourists. It’s out between the third and fourth ring roads across the street from Chaoyang Park. This is an area under construction, and it’s not like you walk out on the street and there are lots of restaurants or shopping nearby. Returning from the Forbidden City during evening rush hour by taxi took us about 50 minutes, of which 38 minutes was wait time. There is no subway stop nearby – you have to take a taxi to the nearest stop. From the airport, taxi drivers seem unfamiliar with the Marriott – you have better luck not mentioning the Marriott name and just say you want to go to the Palm Springs apartments. The best approach is to have the hotel’s phone number handy and have the driver call to get directions (they all have cell phones). On the other hand, the Marriott is better located for getting to sites outside the central core area (such as the Great Wall or Summer Palace). We began our 2 weeks in China in Beijing at the Marriott and at the end of the trip when we asked our kids what their #1 experience was, they unanimously said – not the Great Wall, not the great Buddha of Leshan, not the sunrise at Mount Emei – but the Beijing Marriott, and particularly the swimming pool. So if you’re traveling with kids, the Marriott apartments are an unbeatable choice compared to a couple of hotel rooms, especially given the current very reasonable pricing. At the end of a hot, tiring day, it was great to return to paradise.	
Aug 17 2006 	Luxury apartments	Just returned along with my family from Beijing. We stayed at a 3 bedroom ambassador suite which was excellent. Initially , the driver from the airport took us round and round in circles as he could not locate the property. It is not easily located for that matter and is in between a cluster of buildings around a large garden with several points of entry and exits- all with security control. So it would make a big difference if you knew which gate was the best to approach. Anyway, the lobby is very small and check in took a bit of time as they need to take passport copies of all guests etc. Our suite was located in a different building and we were led to it through a corridor. Lightings and decorations were of a high standard and elevator access is room key card controlled for security. Our suite was on the 16th floor and had a foyer with a laundry room next to it which had an ironing room and a washer dryer as well- making life very easy when traveling with kids! A large dining area with living room adjacent to an open plan kitchen was beautifully laid out with quality furnishings. Although the booking was of a 3 bedroom suite, the fine print clarifies that the third bedroom is actually a study room. It indeed was a study room with a large sofa and ample space to place an extra bed although the housekeeping confessed it had no more extra beds. The other 2 rooms were a master bedroom with a king bed and a large bathroom with spearate showere and large windows. The other room was a queen bedroom. An extra bathroom was outside the room to cater for the bedroom and study room but there was a guest toilet as well. Free high speed internet, local calls and breakfast was also provided. Breakfast was in the lobby and nothing special. We preferred to make it ourselves in the suite kitchen. Overall service was good and as usual in China, langauage might not be very easily understood. My word of advice is always to take instructions and addresses written in Chinese along with you. Also if you are with a family, it is better to hire a minivan with a driver which does not work out too much. Overall we had a great stay and I will readily recommend it to family groups. My only gripe is there isnt any convenience store or supermarket in the complex. The nearest one is Watsons located 10 mins walking from one of the gates- but it closes at 9pm. We had arrived at 9.10 pm but the bellboy was nice enough to arrange a cab to take us to a store 10 mins away by cab and made him wait and bring us back.	
Mar 24 2006	Returned to reception to ensure rate was in CNY and not USD (it was that nice)	4 friends and I spent 3 nights in a 3 bdrm suite in late January and this hotel far exceeded our expectations. The 3 bdrm was a perfect size for 5 people and contained 3 bathrooms, a kitchen and washer/dryer.The staff at this hotel truly went above and beyond, planning/booking all of our activities in Beijing: dinner reservations, our Great Wall day trip and all Taxi rides. This was extremely helpful as there is very little English spoken in some parts of the city and quite frankly we were a bit intimidated. The Peking Duck at the restaurant recommended by the hotel (the one with the rainbow sign out front- that's all I can remember) was so good we went back 2 nights later.Upon check-in, a hostess sat with us, served us cappuccino and gave us information about the hotel and the city itself for 15-20 minutes. She even delivered a 24 case of bottled water to our room free of charge. The hot breakfast (included) was also enjoyable.The only knock on this hotel is the location; the area is quite dirty (in great contrast to the hotel itself) and there didn't seem to be many restaurants/shops in the immediate area. Taxis, however, are abundant and very inexpensive. Also, there is a grocery store in the compound which is handy.Beware that the hotel is only part of a large complex of buildings (gated with tight security) and is very confusing to find even for taxi drivers. Make sure you are at the right spot before leaving the taxi.Overall, the service at this hotel was outstanding. Also, I am quite certain I will never stay in such an impressive suite again in my life. The rate, when split among 5 people, was more then reasonable. (approx. $50 CDN per night each). For what you are getting, this is well worth it, trust me. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2008 	non è oro quello che luccica		
Apr 20 2007	Agréable séjour au Marriot Palm Springs		
