Nov 26 2009 	Modern hotel with great customer service	I am in Beijing for 2 months business assignment and i have been staying in Traders Upper East hotel for almost a month now.The main purpose for me to choose this hotel is its price is relatively cheap in this area and it is close to the office (with 5 minutes taxi ride). The hotel is new and modern, a typical business hotel, its facility is also good, especially the gym which it opens till 11pm everyday to cater for business traveler. It is a very neat consideration for a gym-goer like me.Customer service in this hotel is also superb, i checked-in with no fuss at all and the stay till now has been pleasant. Last week my room's air-con unit started to generate noise and when i informed the reception, they instantly upgrade me to the corner room with better view and space with no questions asked. The only complaint i have for this hotel is the choice of breakfast in the morning. I have been staying in this hotel for almost one month now and the breakfast buffet types remained unchanged.I would recommend this hotel to business travelers but not tourists because it is located in the &quot;new&quot; business district, quite far from all the tourist attractions and the hotel is not near the subway station.	
May 31 2009 	perfect business hotel great value	Have stayed three times here in last six months, once during soft open and twice recently. Western bathrooms, internet always works, the rooms are clean, service sharp and food is above-average. The iSpa in basement, while expensive, is an excellent chill-out. Location is perfect for airport and getting around the perimeter of the city, though it's still new enough to sometime confuse the cab drivers.	
Dec 24 2008 	The Shangri-La Chain NEVER Disappoints	Needing a place to overnight between my work in Zhangzhou and my flight out of Beijing home, I started (as I always do when traveling in Asia) with my membership at the Shangri-La chain. For those unfamiliar with this chain, it's a great, four star hotel that caters to business travelers from all countries.The Traders is situated about halfway between the Beijing airport and the center of the city so it's perfect as a jumping off point in either direction. For a fee, they arranged for me to be picked up at the airport and then taken back in time to make my flight the following afternoon. Even before checking in, the staff was seeing to all my needs. I had emailed the Guest Relations Officer asking about going to Mass Sunday morning. She responded with all the information I needed on the closest Catholic church. The driver was waiting for me after I collected my luggage and the car was stocked with bottled water for the short, twenty minute drive to the hotel. The Guest Relations Officer (Vivian Gong) with whom I had traded emails earlier, met me at the door, ushered me to my room and, because I'm a member, just had me sign the paperwork in my room. She asked if the church she had found would be acceptable and which Mass I would like to attend. She said that she would arrange a wake up in time for me to meet a prearranged taxi that would take me to church.The room was a good size with all the amenities (soaps, shampoo, razor, toothbrush &amp; toothpaste, comb, and fully stocked minibar complete with adult beverages, soft drinks, and snackfood. The food from room service was excellent and the staff was superior to the point of feeling very pampered.The following morning I got in and out of a day of church and shopping in Beijing without a hitch and, when the time came, Ms. Gong was there to accompany me from the front desk to the waiting car.I always expect the best from the Shangri-La chain and have never been disappointed.	
Nov 20 2009 	?????????		
