	World Class Experience	The China World Hotel is a beautiful hotel with world class service. Located above the Trade Center complex there are many very high end shops and stores all within a 2 min walk from the hotel. The rooms are very comfortable and classy. If you are going to come to Beijing and want to make an impression on clients or customers, this would be the place to stay. If you are new to China the staff there can be very accomodating and helpful.	
Nov 7 2009 	Top class hotel and what you would expect from a ShangriLa hotel	Have stayed in this hotel a few times when I am in Beijing. It is what you would expect from a 5 star hotel which is part of the ShangriLa chain. Rooms are comfortable, clean and spacious. Internet provided as part of the room. Lobby area is large and breakfast is good. Mostly, the service is top class from reception to door man to cleaning staff.  The walls are thick and you will have a good sleep as you do not even hear people walking along the aisle at all.Location is very good - only 10 minutes walk to Silk Market and shop and restaurants within the same building as the hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Very good but hardly " Shangra-la"	I have stayed at other &quot; high-end&quot; hotels in Beijing -but this was my first experience with China World. It is a really nice hotel -but you better like &quot; Big-ness&quot; as it is really, really large. I was somewhat confused after arriving in my room as the hotel information made it clear the the hotel has its own water purification system -yet the person who checked me in and escorted me to my room made it clear to only drink bottled water ( which you really ought to make the practice anywhere in Beijing anyway)After a long flight ( 14 hrs) - I was ready to grab a bite and crash - so I went to the &quot;Cafe&quot; restaurant. Informal and adequate -but there were a bunch of little kids running around and playing at the buffet, picking up food, rolling on the floor - basically being unwatched &quot;kids &quot; - the restaurant staff gave them the evil eye but made no attempt to tell the parents who were seated at a large table in the corner - to go make them behave. It was really a pain and other partons were obviously upset. A five star hotel would have addressed the issue.The room was great -lots of international TV channels - staff very polite but it was a little surprising to find that some could not speak English - case &amp; point. One evening I wanted to go to the &quot;Gourmet Corner&quot; -a place advertised on their web site as well as the in-room info. This is a great place to grab a good sandwich and go back to your room. Problem was that in order to make myself clear ( the desk could not direct me to it &amp; even claimed there was no such place) - I went back to my room, got the hotel book, went back down had &quot;pointed&quot; to the information - then the light shown and a very polite staffer escorted me ( out the building, across the street and to the shop) - OK - no big deal - but 5 Stars -Really?I took my staff to the Arie restaurant one evening -really quite nice -good service and the food was really very good -but it was not truly outstanding - which is what I had hoped for. Price is really not too bad however -so as they say - you get what you pay for.Westerners should be especially cautious just outside the hotel. Almost every time I walked off-property - I would hear &quot; Excuse me sir - I am student -can you talk to me?' - Well DON'T -they're hookers...just ignore and keep walking. This is not the hotel's fault -just a note of caution. There is great shopping - an entire mall is down the escalator -Starbucks etc -good location and most helpful staff. I wouldn't give it 5 stars -4 or 4+ maybe.	
Jun 24 2009	Beautiful and luxurious!	We arrived after midnight, very tired after a delayed flight, but we woke up as soon as we got in the room; it was so gorgeous that we had to take pictures, and it had an interesting cityscape view. The breakfast buffet was extensive. The pool was terrific, full size and and beautiful. The area is upscale and business oriented, not a neighborhood. One downside was that when we tried to arrange to extend our stay at the group rate, we were only quoted the rack rate. The internet rate was much less, but still quite expensive, so we ended up moving to another hotel for the extra days.	
Jun 6 2009 	What a great introduction to Beijing Hospitality	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at China World Hotel just for one evening. I was in Beijing for 8 days but unfortunately, our group had already confirmed at another hotel. We stayed one night at China World along with some friends and our stay was fantastic. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.Our group stayed at the Beijing Hyatt and I was definitely more impressed with China World. The group coordinator is thinking of changing the hotel accomodations for next year to China World based on several recommendations.Rooms were clean. Service was great. The lobby is incredible. Overall, a great experience.	
May 11 2009 	Nice Stay	Really liked this hotel. We were told noone spoke English, but this was not the case. I thought the rooms were lovely. Very well decorated and lovely big bathroom. Nothing bad to say at all.	
May 11 2009 	Nice hotel but expensive	Hotel is clean, staff ok (some very friendly, some not), comfortable room, nice bathroom, wi fi in the room. Good location in the Chiina world building, and only 10 min walk from the silk market, and close to a subway to get around Beijing. Breakfast is very expensive there, so try to get it included for free, or eat elsewhere if you have to pay yourself. Gym is really good there. Would recommend this if you need to stay in the area (alternative is the traders,a little cheaper which is also a shangra la hotel, but in the next China world tower (walking distance))	
Apr 30 2009 	Mediocre service worst food poisoning ever	We just returned from a 5 day stay at the China World Hotel, where my boyfriend was participating in the ISDA Conference. We would not have stayed at this hotel otherwise, and I regret that we did.CWH is an impersonal monster hotel staffed by a veritable army of young extremely keen Chinese staff, with a command of English that was lacking in key client facing roles like the reception and concierge. Some of them did try extremely hard to be helpful, but their understanding wasn't always up to snuff.Although I had specified no end of information on our online booking, the receptionist proceeded to verify everything except one vital point - NON SMOKING ROOM! We were taken to a repugnant room on a smoking floor, and then had to hang about while the poor bellboy tried to sort it out. The girl from the reception came to bring up the new room keys, but told us the number so quickly that none of us could find the right room after she had run off, and the bellboy had to call downstairs again to find the right room.Like most of the 5-star hotels in Beijing it is vastly overpriced, particularly when it comes to food and drinks which are much much cheaper outside the hotel, or even at the supermarket in the mall in the basement of CWH. A bottle of water was £4.50 from the mini bar, although £0.30 from the supermarket. (Note that housekeeping does show up twice a day and will supply two bottles of free water each time if there isn't any water on display in the room.) The prices on the wine list in the Aria restaurant would turn your hair white.CWH has the usual range of facilities, such as a large swimming pool which gave my boyfriend red spots all over his torso.Housekeeping were very thorough, but would appear at all times of day. They would show up just when you had returned from breakfast and wanted to refresh yourself, or at 10pm when you were just returning from dinner. They wouldn't change the towels unless you put them in a basket under the sink, but would fold them up again, even if wet. The toiletries are Occitane, and very nice, and they do supply the best range of extras I have seen - comb, 2x toothbrush/paste, razor/cream, laundry powder, nail clippers, Listerine, shower cap, emery board, etc.We stayed on a Horizon Club floor. The rooms were ok in size, and although the building dates from 1991 the rooms look like they belong in Trump Tower. We were offered the option to pay an extra £25/night for a room with a free breakfast (although this was already in our rate, hello!) and a better view upon check-in, but I would not recommend this - everywhere you look you are surrounded by skyscrapers anyway, so there is no view. We were facing the burnt out shell of a massive building behind the very massive CCTV building, which was destroyed by fireworks at the Chinese New Year, but it was some distance away so not terribly offensive.Staying on a Horizon Club floor you get free breakfast and free drinks and nibbles at happy hour. The breakfast is a mix of Chinese and Western things that doesn't quite work, especially as the Chinese don't seem to eat anything different for breakfast from what they would have any other time of day. Some of the food is quite strong and nothing is marked as such. I did see an ant walking around among the salad, so I do wonder about the cleanliness of their kitchen, especially after I got the worst food poisoning ever after eating a small amount of the nibbles at happy hour.We put off filling in the customer survey form for several days, and by the last day they sent note saying they would give us a voucher for food or drink in the hotel just for filling in the survey. This was worth £18.20, but I didn't get to enjoy it as I was too busy throwing up the happy hour nibbles...CWH is located on the subway line at Guomao (access through the mall in the basement), so an easy and cheap ride to Tiananmen Square. It is rather inconvenient though for sightseeing generally. The doorman can put you in a taxi with a driver to get you where you want to go (although sometimes that means a 15 minute walk from your actual destination), but good luck getting a taxi back. We never did manage to hail a taxi in the street, so it was good that we did know our way around the subway network.I can't see that I would ever stay at this hotel again. If we were ever going to a conference here I would stay somewhere else.	
Apr 17 2009 	Such a nice place to stay in Beijing!	I have stayed at China World Hotel, Beijing for several times in the past year and it was really impressive experience. The service is quite nice and the facilities are very comfortable. More over, when staying in their Horizon Club rooms, their staff always lead us into our rooms to check-in. We really appreciate your service and the details such as the fresh flowers and delicious chocolate. The pajamas with our names embroidered were really a surprise! The guest floor we lived in was very peaceful. The 24-hour Horizon Lounge and business service was really very caring and convenient. I look to staying there again!	
Mar 22 2009 	Superb comfort	Only good things can be said of this hotel. It's not cheap, but I don't have a single complaint against it. The location is great, the staff brilliant, the gym is big, there is a great pool, the food is lovely, the rooms super comfortable with great beds... even internet is free. Watch out for pricey business centre services and for breakfast not being included in room rate... but still worth it.	
Nov 29 2008 	Came for the conference stayed for the shopping	Really nice hotel - great, extensive breakfast and 10-15 mins walking distance to the Silk Road shopping center if you're so inclined. Service was great. My glasses broke and the 'hotel engineer' tended to them for 30 minutes to fix them. The result was complete carnage but he was very friendly and dedicated.Rooms are large and have the rare and wonderful feature of a shower that doesn't spray you with cold water when you turn it on - because it faces away from the entrance. Sounds simple but is rare enough to be noticeable.I stayed at the Beijing Hilton during this stay and enjoyed this hotel more. It was very pleasant, and if you have a conference at the venue, don't hesitate to stay here.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great hotel in Beijing	We stayed at the China World hotel in Beijing for 9 days. The hotel is run by the Shangri-La chain, and it is up to their typical excellent standards. The public areas are opulent. The room was good sized and had very good amenities, but it was not as large or opulent as a room we had on the same trip at the Pudong Shangri-La in Shanghai. The hotel staff was very good and had the best English language skills we encountered in any hotel in China. The China World is part of the China World Center that includes a couple of office towers, the Trader's Hotel (also run by Shangri-La and bit less expensive) and the China World shopping mall which is filled with designer stores from Euorpe and the US and also has several restaurants. We tried several restaurants in the China World mall; South Beauty and Royal Food were by far the best. Only one glitch in our stay: We sent our laundry and dry cleaning and some of the laundry came back stained or over bleached; a surprising mistake for such a good hotel.	
Sep 22 2008 	Quintessential Luxurious Chinese Experience	I loved this hotel. The service was exceptional while being very humble. All my request were met and exceeded. The lobby is rich, without being over the top. I especially enjoyed the live music each night in the lobby. I did manage to try a few of the restaurants. The Chinese restaurant is very tradititional. I loved the Mediteranian restaurant. I would definitely stay at China World Hotel again and again. Of coarse, it's a Shangri-La Hotel...	
Aug 30 2008 	Energy saving to the Max!!!	Stayed here before the Olympics near the end of July/start of August and had a pretty good experience. They were renovating things and adding some features to the hotel for the Olympics. In addition, we saw tons of Olympic staff, as well as being able to witness a security practice led by the Beijing police. More on that later, as well as the reason I picked Energy saving to the MAX!!! as my title.I have to say- the China World Hotel is starting to get a little bit old as the feeling. Somehow, the rooms are starting to feel dull and not bright to me- unlike last year. Our check in was very good- with the staff being extra nice and calling us by name after they knew who we were. Also got a China World Prestige membership, in which gives you lots of features and amenities. Also, room rates are cheaper, and they give you lots of coupons and freebies whenever you stay. Dining is also heavily discounted if you eat at their restaurants. We got a free box of mooncakes and a birthday cake as well during our stay using some of the coupons, and we have some photos of them!Rooms: We stayed in two different types of rooms. Had a free night stay in a regular room, and then later got a room for around 1,000 RMB and got upgraded to a Horizon Club room. The color scheme is mainly beige (darkish) and regular wood...which kind of makes the room look really pale. Both rooms had their own differences- mainly that the Horizon Club room had L'Occitane toiletries (the bigger size- not the Island Shangri-La mini size), different writing pads, different slippers (higher quality), and lastly a DVD player. Otherwise the other features were the same.Layouts were different for each room. Our HC room's bed faced the TV, while the regular room's bed faced the window. Kind of weird...Bathrooms were very nice and very large. The shower has some shiny pink tiles that look metallic- and there are actually signs that tell you how to use it! The tub is also very large. Everything is by Grohe. And the regular room has the Lavender toiletries.Horizon Club: They were renovating here too for the Olympics. Can't really see any big difference after the renovation other than some cleaning up and newer things. It kind of made it annoying as the HC became half of the size during our stay.Food was as good as last year, but the selections were not as big. Less variety mainly in the dim sum/steamer area, and everything else was unchanged. Very fresh and yummy food at the Happy Hour and breakfast. Only thing I didn't like was that the staff, during happy hour, were standing in front of where you get your food. And it's like when you want to get food, it seems like you are getting blocked by them.There's also a conference room and a computer room to use in the Horizon Club. Color scheme is marble, blue glass, beige, wood, blue and red. Complaint about the food: The fried rice here is also hard, like other Shangri-La properties. Dining: WONDERFUL! Shang Place was just renovated and was open during our stay and it was scrumptious. Had plenty of food there and got a discount due to the fact of the Prestige membership. Have some photos...so you can see what's there! The memorable things were their plating (they could make it look like a mango, flower, etc.), and the taste of the food. Fish with a mango sauce tasted crisp as it was fried, and the fish was very tender. Also, they cut it with a checkerboard pattern, and when the fish was fried, it opened up so it looked like a mango when you cut into it, cut it to squares and open it. Interesting! The decor changed a lot. Back back then, it had lots of gold and wood. Now...it's lots of colors, as well as a more modern decor. Lots of chandeliers and flowers too. Had breakfast at Scene A Cafe once, and it was great as well. Their items are very interesting- very creamy oatmeal (never see it in other Shangri-La's), a vegetable juicer in which you can get fresh juice from the juicer, honey from big jars, healthy drink (basically banana blended with milk- really good), and more! Everything is delicious and very fresh. There's fresh yogurt as well. Main sections are: Hot food, Chinese cooking station, western selection, Japanese section, fresh fruit and juice section, and a bakery section. Health Club:Again, very nice! They said they renovated the pool- but didn't really see much difference (probably just changed the tiles of the pool). The pool is a lap pool, but no one used it. Rules got laid back- now you don't need to wear a swimming cap! The lockers are very big, and the locker rooms are a big facility. Each locker has a plastic bag, slippers, towel, and a bottle of water. Their hot tubs are very nice. One side is really cold, and one side is hot. Didn't want to go into them though as the people using it were wearing nothing- that kind of breaks your feelings of wanting to sit in a hot tub...right??? Showers use a glass bottle that pumps out the Lavender flavored shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel. But I don't think it's really safe to use glass (breakable), and the pump is hard to pump! No one really used the pool during our stay except for us and 1 or 2 other people.When we were there, they also put out peaches- very fresh and delicious. Beijing is famous for peaches and they were very good!Negatives:CWH is starting to save money. As part of the amenities, they started to give less of the food related things. Last year, I wrote: &quot;they gave us many different delicacies like mousses, egg tart, dim sum, cakes, etc.&quot; Not at all this year! We had the membership still, but the only extra they gave us was more fruit (almost like giving you $5 USD worth everyday- and that is a ton of fruit!!!), and several pieces of coffee flavored jelly. This hotel saves electricity. But not in a good way! They turned off almost all the hall lights (except for the small room number lights). The big chandeliers and main lights were closed! Plus, there was some smoke in the hallways at night. Anyway, whenever we returned late, the feeling going to our room was just really spooky. Not only that, the towers close their lights earlier than everyone else- even China World phase three lights were open (and it's not even done yet), but every other light part of the China World complex was closed.The health club staff was not very enthusiastic. They never talked or helped us, and when it got to closing time, they wanted everyone to leave as quickly as possible. That should not be!Security Check/ Special things: This was just WOW. They added security gates (like at an airport) to the lobby for one night (several hours). Plus, suddenly, tons of Audi A6's (about 30 of them!!!) and lots of vans were parked throughout the port cochere and driveways to the CWH lobby. Guests were told to leave by using the mall...which was a little bit annoying.They created some planter thing that basically covered the view that one could see from the main doors of the hotel. It wasn't done when we left though- and it looks like it's a permanent feature as there were some loud noises. One really interesting thing is that they have a lady in the lift lobby (on the lobby level) in which helps you press the buttons for elevator/lift and then helps you leave the door open so that you can go into the elevator. The lady was very friendly and nice, and we never saw her being lazy or looking bored- signs of an employee that should not work in the hotel as they can make the hotel look bad. Olympic staff and cars were always at the hotel during our stay. Mainly they brought things and asked some questions- probably were staying at the hotel too! During the day, in the lobby, there are people who play instruments. Piano, clarinet, violin, and more! And very nice music too- some of it is also Chinese music.Conclusion: China World is still a very nice hotel...but they still need to fix some things so that it can become a great hotel. The rooms are starting to look old after many years of use, and the hallways and electricity situation was a little bit scary. One does not want to walk at night to their room in a hallway that is not as bright as it is in the day- they will be thinking, &quot;What happened???&quot; Also, the health club staff needs to be more enthusiastic about their work. If these negatives get changed, this hotel will then be a better hotel to stay in!* Posting photos from the date I took them, so not all photos are on yet.	
May 27 2008	Well located luxury business hotel	The China World Hotel is a well run, well maintained and very well located business hotel in the Chaoyang district of Beijing. I had arranged an airport transfer through the hotel, and was pleasantly surprised to see a hotel representative waiting for me at the end of the jetway after the long flight from the US. She walked with me through the terminal to immigration, then to baggage claim and finally to the carpark to meet the hotel driver. This was about as smooth and effortless as an airport transfer can be. The hotel itself has a grand and spacious lobby, with a swift and efficient reception desk. The desk clerks were friendly and were fluent in English. My luggage arrived in my room just moments after I did. The room itself was well laid out, with a spacious work area, laptop sized safe, sitting area and fridge. The bathroom included a large shower and separate bathtub with good lighting. They also provide complementary fresh fruit and bottled water each day. The internet access was easy to configure, though expensive (140 RMB/day) given the overall price level in Beijing. The breakfast buffet offers many western and Chinese choices, but is expensive The location is terrific for tourists, as the hotel sits atop a subway stop (Guamao), from which one can easily get to Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and other tourist sites. It's also a short walk to the Silk Street market, which is a must for shopping for souvenirs, t-shirts, knock offs, &quot;silk&quot; pajamas, etc. Be prepared to haggle.	
May 25 2008	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights with Viking River Cruises. Best hotel of the tour! The Monday night seafood buffet redefined all concepts of buffet! (Don't know cost as it was paid for by tour). Breakfast was great...don't miss the homemade yoghurt. This hotel is getting 4 &quot;stars&quot; on this site, but the St. Regis in Shanghai is getting 5...this hotel was MUCH better! Was told this was the 2nd best hotel in Beijing. Can't imagine much better.	
May 12 2008 	Great hotel	I absolutely loved this hotel. Stayed here for a week on business recently and found this to be an excellent business hotel. The gym is one of the finest I've ever encountered in a hotel, the rooms are well-equipped and nicely designed. I loved the soft modern bed after a rock slab in Hong Kong. The staff are all incredibly nice, though not always helpful. The concierge couldn't recommend a tailor outside the ultra-expensive mall nest door, for example. I never knew that I needed someone to push the &quot;up&quot; button on the elevator, but it was nice to always have a warm greeting. The cafe restaurant has a grand breakfast buffet, but it's very pricey at about $40. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 30 2008 	Nice but over priced	The hotel is nice and comfortable, but is quite over priced for what it is as there are other choices nearby. We ate at the hotel's Italian restaurant. The menu looked attractive. But the taste was not what it claimed for. The wine selection was impressive. It seemed there were more locals trying to impress other locals here. The evening dinner buffet was quite nice with great selections, but choice than the wester restaurant. It's location is convenient. If you have meetings after meetings within a day, it's a nice and easy place for people to come to meet you here so you don't have to fight the Beijing traffic.	
Apr 17 2008 	Wonderful hotel but very expensive	This hotel is definitely luxurious but it‘s to be expected for the steep prices. Great beds, soft sheets, towel placed on the floor by your bed with soft slippers. Huge bathroom has both a deep tub and powerful shower. The rooms are quiet and the street noise can’t be heard. Helpful tip: If you order a wake up call, they will deliver coffee or tea to your door along with the call. The work out area is big and looks well equipped. The pool is a lap pool; not suitable for children. But it’s a great pool for adult swimming. There are segregated hot (and cold) tubs in the changing rooms. The breakfast is varied with just about every kind of food imaginable. We had access to the Horizon lounge, with breakfast. Like previous posts, there were not enough tables for breakfast or for evening cocktails. The breakfast selection in the lounge is much more limited than in the main breakfast area. The evening refreshments food was fresh and inviting. The security in the hotel was tight, since the Olympic Committee was having meetings in the hotel at the time. Can recommend this hotel but not for travelers on a strict budget.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great hotel if you like them big and luxurious	When I stayed at the China World Hotel 10 years ago it was not a Shangri-La, which it now is. This time I stayed in a suit room which was absolutely super. The VIP limousine service from the airport was very efficient and welcoming. The gym and pool really nice, and the massage I took in the spa in the middle of the night was lovely. However, the Horizon lounge was a disappointment at least comparing with the Shangri-La in Bangkok. Not enough tables for breakfast and happy hour. It's a really nice hotel, but in my opinion it's not really worth the money. Stay there if the location is right for you (VERY heavy traffic), if you like big hotels, and if someone else is picking up the bill (or if you have more money than you know what to do with).	
Mar 20 2008	Highlight of our trip!	The best hotel we ever stayed in! Really! The staff was very courteous,helpful, and friendly with everything. The rooms look exactly like the photos depict. We slept comfortably. Amenities were very, very nice. The restaurant where breakfast was served was superb! Variety of choices. We were pampered! The next time we are in Beijing we will definitely stay here.	
Feb 7 2008 	I recommend this hotel 100%!	We live in the suburbs of Beijing and recently had our staff Christmas Party at the China World Hotel, so decided to stay at their hotel for the night. Everything was absolutely fabulous!Great central location - close to everything (with the subway station located right next door)! Fantastic breakfast buffet, brunch buffet and truly the best dim sum restaurant in town. Everything at this hotel is first class and they offer many promotion specials so you often can get a great rate. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a first-rate hotel in Beijing!	
Dec 31 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	My first trip to Beijing was a business trip. Stayed at the China World Hotel at the recommendation of the business colleagues that I was visiting in Beijing. Wow...what a hotel. I wasn't sure what to expect, but this turned out to be one of the nicest hotels I've ever had the pleasure to stay in. The single King Room was large, even by American standards and was warm with lots of wood trim and art work in the room. The service was thoughtful and unobtrusive...nightly turn-down, slippers by the bed, bottles of drinking water (complementary) were placed by the bed and in the bathroom. The bath was large featured shower and separate tub. The lobby and the common areas of the hotel were beautiful, even if they were bustling with people most of the time. Live grand piano music filled the lobby -- a nice treat.Most enjoyable of all was the morning breakfast buffet. There were multiple stations in the buffet enabling any type of cuisine one wanted to sample...from traditional American bacon and eggs, to European to Oriental. Very well done. With the help of the local business contacts - who booked our rooms for us --all of this cost about the same price as a low-end business hotel in the States. The hotel is connected to a high end shopping mall, for strolls among Versacci and Louis Vuitton, if that is your thing.	
Dec 13 2007 	This is a 5-star hotel?!	China World Shangri La hotel is a bit like a Chinese knock-off of a Western luxury car. From a distance, if you look from a certain angle and squint just right, it almost looks like the real thing. Any closer, and it becomes immediately clear that it is not.The rooms are very poorly put together. Things do not fall apart largely because of enormous amounts of silicone sealant everywhere. Expensive fittings are ineptly attached and poorly maintained. Most things electrical, even elevator buttons, are not grounded and will give you nasty shocks when touched. Carpets were laid by someone who either hated his job or was in a lot of hurry, and have only seen casual vacuuming since. The airconditioning makes the air as dry as in an airliner, and sounds like one too. I actually woke up from being dehydrated on my first night there. To make the experience complete, the cleaners use the smelliest chemicals available. Spend a night in the room, and in the morning you would call Beijing smog “a breath of fresh air”.Oh yes, speaking of staff. They routinely ignore “do not disturb” lights, and do not bother to knock before entering rooms. What's more, they are quite difficult to chase away once they're in and have started going about their duties. Generally, except for the lovely elevator lady (there to keep undesirables out, but what a smile!) the staff sees the clients as an annoyance. Getting a round of drinks at the lobby bar is a 30-minute affair. Extra marks for uselessness and grumpiness go to the concierge.I have not stayed at any other Beijing hotels, but compared to Dubai, Singapore or Kuala Lumpur 5-star hotels China World Shangri La is a very unfunny joke. There are lots of supposedly 5-star hotels in Beijing that cost a fraction of Shangri La, and they cannot really be much worse. Stay elsewhere.	
Dec 11 2007	Safety Concern	On 11 Dec I visited my business guest at China World Hotel at 12 noon. While we were walking towards the Aria restaurant at the lobby, suddenly we were being pushed and ordered by a jecket male to clear. My guest and I were shocked. Before we could react, we were being pushed by another leather jacket male. We were concerned about our safety and decided not to have lunch and hurried back to my buisness guest suite room. Later the General Manager came to apologize and explained to my guest that there were a group of politicians behind us walking the lobby passage and the two male who pushed us were not hotel staff but politicians' staff. I felt strongly that our safety was being compromised in this hotel. Hence, if you are not a political figure be prepared to be physically (even you are a female) pushed around ignoring your safety not once but twice in this hotel.	
Nov 22 2007 	Love it!!	This is the most wonderful hotel i ever stayed.....the room is spacious, has comfy slippers, nice Aigner shampoo n bath gel, 4 - 5 magazines in the room. The hotel itself is grand, but staff is not customer centric though. Heard Bills Gates stayed here when he visited china in 2005. The location is not so good during peak hours, it could be bad traffic. But upmarket shopping is just near by.	
Nov 3 2007	Loved the China World	Stayed here for 5 nights Oct 17-22, had a wonderful stay. The room was large (1544-corner room with good view). Bed / pillows very good. service great. Location perfect for both business and leisure, the China World shopping mall right at your feet, no need to even go outside. Aria restaurant and bar fantastic, escpecially the cocktails made by Bruce and Johnson. Would pick this hotel again when visiting Beijing.	
Sep 28 2007 	illumious as Jade	The entrance to the hotel is impressive, we were escorted to our room and checked in in our suite. The staff is remarkable and very attentative. The hotel sits atop some of the best shopping for western goods. The pearl market is not far from the hotel. The forbidden city is only walkable, if you are in type top shape. Their is a subway stop right outside of the hotel. The room was very comfortable and 5 stars to the shower and the deluxe pressure. The only negative is that the eating at the hotel is extremely expensive. To get a cup of coffee on the club level required 2 workers and a wait of 10-15 mintues. The breakfast had some great dim sum. The gym is also 5 star. I would stay again.	
Aug 24 2007	Top of the World!	This place is your typical Shangri-la property - All class and high service levels consistently across every area. Check-in was very personal and we were escorted to our room and shown around.The Golden Circle membership doesn'r seen to have any impact until you stay for a while by the looks of it - the room was OK but pretty standard (at A$400++).Speaking of the room, it too was OK but there are better Shang's around. Stayed in HK a week before at the Shangri-la and that was another notch up.Overall, a wickedly expensive place to stay and an enjoyable place.	
Aug 4 2007 	wonderful	this hotel was above average, very expensive, but the service was excellent. up graded. free food and wine all day. room amazing, large, comfortable. enjoyed two nights, complete luxury	
Aug 2 2007 	Excellent hotel for business travellers	I stayed here on business for 3 weeks July-August 2007, with a room on the 18th floor (Horizon Club floor, for which you get Internet access and breakfast included in the price).I arrived at the hotel in the morning after a long flight from the UK and received a warm personal welcome. The lobby immediately strikes you with its great opulence. I have to say I didn't tire of it after three weeks.The room was very spacious, with effective air conditioning. The carpet was clearly not new but it didn't really look worn in any way. All the fittings in the room and the beautiful marble bathroom were really well maintained and showed no signs of use at all. I also particularly enjoyed the large window overlooking Beijing; this was particularly effective during the handful of thunderstorms we had during my stay, for watching the lightning!I really only ate breakfast at the hotel, and that was wonderful. There is surely something to suit all tastes. The only slight criticism I have is that, being myself a hardened tea-drinker, it was sometimes difficult to get a top-up of tea in the morning. Also one Sunday morning I got to breaksfast at around 9am and it was completely full, which meant I had to wait a few minutes for a table. They appeared to be running out of a couple of items as well. But this experience was not repeated any other morning.I used room service a couple of times, and while this seemed rather expensive, it was excellently presented and warm. I only used one of the hotel restaurants on one occasion (the Summer Palace Chinese restaurant) and I wasn't all that impressed with the food, especially given the price compared with what's available outside the hotel, which can be really good quality. So I can't really recommend this hotel restaurant.I made good use of the extensive gym. There is a lot of equipment which guests can use free of charge. If you want to burn off some pounds from too much Chinese food this is the place to go. Free towels and bottled water are available. I didn't use the swimming pool despite my best intentions.I particularly liked the free shoe shine service, which I used several times.If you are on one of the Horizon Club floors you have free use of the Horizon Lounge. I used this a few times; on my first couple of visits the staff in there were very attentive, however, this seemed to change overnight, and I made a couple of visits where they completely ignored me. This is not the level of service I would have expected.There are all the usual luxury western shops in the shopping mall below the hotel but I didn't use any of these; the prices seem no different from home so I couldn't see the point. Instead I recommend you polish your bargaining skills at the nearby silk market!	
Jul 7 2007 	Great Hotel - impacable services and food	I stayed on business at the China World for an entire week. The services and friendliness of the personal is unbelievable. The choice of food for breakfast and lunch is great, catering to various tastes for each ethnic background which exceeds the usual standard in Asian Hotels of that category. The rooms are huge as well as the bathrooms which have all amenities you can wish for. I ordered room service a couple of times which was fast, friendly and the quality of the food was great (mostly Asian).The Hotel has great facilities for meetings, and the bell captains make sure that you get around in the city and get back safely.Also, I ordered a pick up from the airport which I can really recommend. It worked out great and they awaited me right at the gate upon arrival and walked me through immigration. Overall, its an ideal place to stay and	
Jul 4 2007	Was quite happy.	We enjoyed this hotel and had no issues whatsoever. I see some complaints, and experienced none of them. Room was quite clean, new, and staff was quite attentive. Luggage was brought to our room along with us. The breakfast buffet is extensive, on the order of something you'd expect in Vegas.The attached shopping center made it quite convenient to pick up odds and ends in the little super market, and there is a subway stop in the same complex.	
Jun 18 2007	Great Place	we were a group of 10 -- four adults and 6 kids between the ages of 13 and 6. stayed there 2 nights and also left a lot of shopping with the concierge, which was kept safely and delivered most efficiently to us. the facilities are A grade, the rooms well appointed, separate shower cabins and tubs, italian marble bath rooms and excellent choice of toiletteries! breakfast is quite good --- i read a review (before i went to stay here) saying that the breakfast is not good at all ---- i will highly recommend this hotel to everyone. the lounge is very lively and a great place to spend sometime. the location of the hotel is fantastic too!!! only the english of the staff is sometimes not too good ---- in fact about 50% dont even understand 'excuse me' 'salt and pepper' and 'water'. so we learnt the mandarin words for these!	
Jun 16 2007 	Decent room but poor service	This is quite a large hotel with attached shopping complex. The room I stayed in was decent in terms of its decor and amenities. For the size of the hotel, the room was comparable to most 4-star hotel rooms found in Las Vegas with a comfortable bed, and a comfortable bathroom. However, the service received in the lobby bar and from the doorman was less desirable. On several occasions I was left to wonder if the service staff were not comprehending English, or if they were just rude and didn't care one way or the other. This may be a good hotel for business travelers who don't plan to spend much time there, because it is close to the convention center, but definitely not for vacation travelers.	
Jun 10 2007	Stay Away	Stay away from this hotel. Everything went downhill after we got into our room. The room was old; extreme wore carpet and needed major renovations. The hotel’s webpage advertised that they spent 30 millions in upgrade in 2003. Obviously all 30 millions went to fixing up the lobby and 0 dollars in their rooms. Not a 5 stars property, more like your local motels.	
May 9 2007 	Look for an other place	If you like to stay at a hotel with very bad service, tasteless rooms and pay about 350 euro a night, please go the China World Hotel. At first look the entrance looks chique, but after 15 minutes it becomes quite dull and all gold platter. We checked in in this hotel, and had to bring our luggage to our rooms ourselves. This I don't mind normally so much, but we had just a lot of luggage and paid really - for China - a ridiculious amount for a night. The room was totally boring, and not even met our reservation.It's really just a business hotel, although newly decorated, it remains a very boring and tasteless place. People at the reception are unqualified for the job, I would say, with these prices.If you have or want to stay here, please go ahead. If you like to get value for your money, and have a nice stay, go somewhere else. I've also been to the Shangrila hotel, and that's a very nice hotel. The same chain, but much nicer rooms and better service. That's the only other hotel I've been in Beijing, so I can't recommend an other hotel.	
May 4 2007	Excellent business hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April. While expensive, the hotel is beautiful and great for business travellers. The standard room was very spacious with a great marble bathroom and hude semi-circular shower stall. The bed and pillows were very comfortable, making it an effort to get out of bed in the morning. The business centre is one of the most comfortable and inviting centres that I have seen. The food at breakfast and at the Chinese and other restaurants was impeccable. The Aria bar was an excellent place to meet for a drink, sometimes well into the night! All in all, from the high activity levels at the hotel, it is obvious that this is the hotel of choice for business travellers in Beijing.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great hotel for business travelers	My husband traveled to Beijing in Dec. 06 for business purposes; and I tagged along with him, so spent many days in the hotel while he was in meetings below the hotel in the large conference area. Our room was gorgeous, modern and updated and quite spacious. The shape of the room allows for the bathroom to seem separated from the sleeping/sitting area. Modern bathroom has separate tub/shower and is large and spacious as well. Extremely comfortable beds and breathtaking view from the 14th floor. Even though we overlooked the busy street below, we could not hear any of the street noise in our room up on the 14th floor.We used the hotel car service to take us to/from the airport. Wonderful service. We were greeted at the gate by a polite, young man who helped us through customs and baggage claim and waited with us for over an hour while we attempted to locate a lost piece of luggage. His assistance was invaluable as we do not speak Mandarin and he helped us report our lost bag and navigate through the airport and out to the car. Upon check in, we were personally taken directly to our room by a nice, young lady who spoke excellent English and checked us in in our room. We did not need to check in at the front desk; we think this was due to using the car service. Our bags were brought to us immediately.While the China World Hotel is beautiful and the service excellent (we used the laundry service 3 times during our stay, had copies made in the business center, and received excellent treatment as English speaking Westerners traveling in China), the only drawback was the food in the hotel restaurants. We ate at 2 of the restaurants: one on main floor, Scene? (can't remember name) and one restaurant located on the 2nd or 3rd floor. We did not find the food enjoyable for the prices (expensive!) asked. We found our best dining experiences to be outside of the hotel/mall area.The tea lounge located in the lobby, on the other hand, served delicious tea and appetizers. I spent several hours a day sitting in the chairs of the tea lounge drinking tea. A fantastic location with pleasant, polite service.The mall below the hotel served as a good place for walking and window shopping during the frigid December temperatures. Many stores are high-end stores and quite expensive, but there is also a grocery store where we could pick up some snacks to eat in our hotel room.The location of China World Hotel is close to many historical sites, and we hired a recent college graduate to be our tour guide for two days. Wonderful experience and fantastic way to really learn about the area and the places we were visiting. Overall, our experience at China World Hotel was quite enjoyable. I would just recommend eating some meals outside of the hotel.	
Apr 23 2007	Great Perks	I stayed 5 nights on business for US$180/night, this is great value. Some of the great perks: (a) get a massage at Jing Chen on Level B2, a spa that is luxurious even by US standards. 18 foot ceilings, sunk baths, beautiful massive carved doors and excellent therapists (only US$60 for a 1 hour massage); (b) Sunday afternoon tea features live performance from soprano and tenor opera singers and a small full orchestra (in fact, live music daily in the lobby); (c) hotel breakfast is crappy, but DO NOT miss the Starbucks just a few steps round the corner one level down in the adjoining mall (Starbucks is actually a bit cheaper in Beijing than US and just as good); (d) the hotel is connected to a vast underground mall - skip the Louis Vuitton stores and head for the cheap sushi parlors, Sephora (if you forgot some toiletries, department stores, bookshop(with limited English books), etc.' (e) Aria restaurant in the hotel is rated very highly by Frommer's as one of Beijing's best Western restaurants, and it is true, so if you are pining for a standard &quot;new American/French&quot; type cuisine, you cannot go wrong here. Prices are same as in a five star US restaurant, but believe me if you are homesick...(f)lastly, I like how the rooms are quite large, I like the &quot;heavenly bed&quot; (like Westin), and how the room comes replete with every conceivable amenity (open all the drawers and you will find electronic safe, electric teapot, full stationery set (with staplers!) and excellent - fast - broadband connection (cable provided) at US$20 for 24 hours.	
Apr 12 2007 	This hotel has become a high-turnover volume shop...	I am writing this from the business center on the 3rd floor of the hotel. I have stayed here about 8 times over the past 5 years - 4 times within this past year alone.Service in this hotel has been in decline for some time. The service within the restaurants was not very good. We ate at Aria - a french style restaurant accesible from the lobby and a Japanese restaurant on the 3rd floor - in both restaurants we had to flag down staff several times during the meal to ask for more wine, bread, water, our bill. The Horizon Club (principally located on the 20th floor) has become terrible. The only words spoken by the staff are terse demands for your room number -- not once was I asked whether I wanted anything (fundamental since the tea I wanted can only be provided by a server - no self service). This is truly a high-volume, high-turnover hotel thus perhaps understandable that the staff doesn't care about its guests. If you can handle the location, strongly recommend the Shangri-La Hotel - this is located a distance from financial, commercial areas but is a completely different experence.	
Apr 12 2007 	Best in Beijing	My wife and I frequently stay at hotels in Beijing to get away from our regular pace. This hotel is our favorite. We book a room on the Horizon club level and only go downstairs to eat meals in the restaurants. We love the food in the club, and could stay up there all day reading a book or spending time together. The food in the club is great, and the service is wonderful. I would say though, that the rooms feel a bit dark because of all the dark wood paneling. Highly recommend the Dinner buffet in the Scene. It's awesome. The chocolate fountain on the buffet is a must, especially if strawberries are in season. And there must be at least 30 other desserts on the buffet as well. We will be going back to this hotel often.	
Feb 26 2007	great location	went with a large group of grad students. the location is great, easy to get there and all the cab drivers know where it is. It's also connected to a mall and very near a great foot massage place. The lobby is very nice and the breakfast buffet restaurant had a wide selection of food. the rooms were above average (had some nice artwork) and relatively clean, but were not brand new. It was comfortable enough to stay there and the service was great (the staff speak English and there's a business center on the 2nd floor).	
Feb 7 2007 	More business than pleasure	On a leisure visit (back in Sept 06) to Beijing, we stayed for 4 nights during our limited time in the city. The hotel is situated in a very commercial part of town, with little character, but is very impressive upon entry. 1. The lobby is pure opulance (at least for China standards) and filled with visiting multinationals and businessmen. There were only a handful of vacationing families during our stay.2. The service, both front desk and concierge, are extremely good and knowledgeable, as one would expect for a business hotel of this stature and location. Check in was a breeze. 3. The room was nicely decorated and large. It seemed well kept and comfortable. Nothing out of the place, as one would expect for a 4+ star hotel.4. There's an adjacent shopping mall. Nothing spectacular and typical of most western boutiques and designer name brands. For real &quot;local flavor,&quot; try the Silk Market building just a block away. Not much in terms of silk, but loads of knock offs and bargain like crazy.5. Tourist sites like the Summer Palace and Tiananmen square are a short taxi ride away. Get ready to be mobbed by peddlers selling books, postcards and other site specific souvenirs upon taxi exit. We took the subway back to the hotel after visiting the Tiananmen sq. Unlike most major subways systems, this one didn't have automated ticket/token dispenser. One has to deal with a real person who only spoke Chinese.We would certainly stay at China World on return trips. It's only negative would be the overly business atmosphere and clientele. This should not be a problem if one is a business traveller.	
Dec 25 2006 	Destination Beijing	Stayed on the Club Floor. Good location - smallist but pleasant room. Concierge services excellent. Rooms immaculately clean, and the Club Floor services functioned extremely well.I will return here on my next trip to this part of the world.	
Nov 27 2006 	Stay at the new Ritz Carlton Beijing Financial	Its an average hotel. The rooms are nice yet small, but recommend staying at the Ritz Carlton Beijing Financial street as it is the best in Beijing. Book now for the Olympics too in 2008. However, I think the average person would do well at either place.	
Nov 21 2006 	Busy hotel in Beijing - very nice and modern rooms	Great hotel! The rooms were modern and comfortable. The gym was nice and the attendants in the gym were very helpful and nice. I would definitely return here and recommend it.	
Nov 1 2006 	Definitely 'Bliss Bed' heaven	After suffering hard beds for 3 weeks in awful hotels I treated myself to a 3 day stay in this hotel based on the comments on this site. I admit I was a little bit worried because one of the reviewers stated that it was showing its age and I was paying quite a bit of money to stay here. But it was magnificent. The bed was truly heaven - I didnt want to get out of it! I was not particularly impressed with the staff on reception (but what a lobby!!!). And the location was not particularly good - mainly due to all the construction going on around. But that is to be expected in a city preparing for the Olympic Games and I was truly able to forgive. The bathroom is just fantastic and the toiletries really nice and substantial size. Prices in the mini bar a bit high and meals (room service) ditto but I honestly cannot say enough about how much I loved staying here and I did not regret it one bit. If I ever go back to Beijing I would probably stay there again, but make sure it is booked on the Internet as it is cheaper than rack rate (I know because I tried to stay an extra night and nearly died when they said how much it woild cost).	
Oct 12 2006 	Just Great!	Simply fantastic in all respects - no further comment needed.	
Oct 5 2006	Fantastic Hotel	We spent three nights here in October 2006 and it was a fantastic experience. This hotel is as clean and modern as anything you would find in New York or London. The lobby was one of the nicest (and largest) that I have ever seen. The rooms were quite large and the bathrooms were great - large and modern. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and very proficient in English. At one point, I requested a transformer so that I could charge my camera and it was in my room within 10 minutes. There was a health club and swimming pool but we did not use either. However, we walked through and they both appeared to be really nice - especially the whirlpool. The buffet restaurant was excellent - Chinese, Japanese, and American dishes were all available. The hotel is located a few miles east of Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City and is just a ten minute walk from Silk Alley. There is also a subway station located right in front of the hotel for those who feel adventurous.	
Oct 4 2006 	Elegant and Grand	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the China World Hotel after 2 nights in the Crowne Plaza. Even though we preferred the Crowne Plaza slightly, the China World is a great hotel which I thoroughly recommend.The only real problem with the China World is that its a little too big and impersonal. While we found the Crowne Plaza to be friendly and warm, the China World felt a little like a railway station. A very nice railway station, but still....First of all it has to be said that the lobby is very beautiful. On the Sunday there was a 30 piece orchestra playing classical pops which kinda blew us away. The marble, carpets, chandeliers are all very impressive. The rooms are very comfortable (we had a standard King), especially the bed which was probably one of the most comfortable beds i've ever slept in. The room is very large (bigger than the Crowne Plaza rooms) and very well kept. The bathroom is huge and had an enormous shower and seperate bath. Broadband Internet, I was delighted to discover, was free. The Health Club was absolutely awesome with a 20m indoor pool, sauna, oxygen room, gym, etc. etc. Location is a mixed bag. Its very close to the Silk Market for all your designer knockoffs and souvenirs, but other than that its in a fairly commercial part of town. Its obviously a good choice for businessmen since its attached to a convention center and there are dozens of high rise office blocks in the area. Taxis are cheap in Beijing, so location shouldn't really be a factor anyway.We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants since the prices were absolutely horrific and there are plenty of quality restaurants nearby. Hotel staff were polite, but not particularly friendly or helpful, (appart from the guy that presses the button on the elevator). Overall this hotel has an aura of having all the elements neccessary to be a great 5 star hotel, but without any real atmosphere. For a businessman its ideal, but for a romantic getaway its a little lacking. (Perhaps if the Crowne Plaza wasn't so warm and friendly I wouldn't have felt this way.)	
Sep 7 2006 	Completely overrated mostly just dated	Stayed here for the 3rd time in 5 years (last time was 4 years ago); definitely this hotel is showing its age and the service has deteriorated in 4 years (very sad because this was a great hotel).Stayed on the 21st floor Horizon Club level room (my favorite floor because this floor can only be accessed by stairs within the Horizon Club). Room (the most expensive non-suite, executive room) was definitely dated, dreary (replete with the wall of dark wood containing the closet/safe/etc.), uncomfortable furniture and this monstrous desk that absorbed the entire room - just not pleasing or inviting to stay in. Room key de-magnetized each day, had to wait in the long lines at reception to get a new key made (showing passport each time). Yes, the elevators require room key to access your floor so I could not go to the Horizon Club to avoid the long general reception lines but was lumped with &quot;the masses.&quot;Hotel is absolutely overbooked each and every day, loaded with foreign businessmen on expense accounts who remind the hotel that no matter how bad the service, they will keep coming back to this place because they are not adventurous enough to seek out new hotels. Horizon Club level food area (there are 2 of them) were stuffed with people each day who camp out as if they have nowhere to go -- you are waiting to eat breakfast and could wait a long time. Further, the turnover in this hotel is ridiculous, the lines at reception were crazy. Also, I had to take my own luggage (very heavy) from the taxi as there was not 1 attendant outside greeting taxis.Gym (although amply stocked with different machines) is dated and somewhat dreary (after the supposed remodeling which was done this past year).Given the increased automobile traffic in Beijing, the egress to and from the hotel by taxi is really a mess. Arriving to the hotel from the Changanjie (from say the Jianguo Hotel direction) is a complete circular traffic jam.Contacted the Director of Rooms who basically gave me the run around telling me how sorry he was, how he wanted to make me feel better about the hotel, and would get back to me ... never heard from him again. You know what? I checked out 3 nights early and went to the Hyatt - much better hotel!!!	
Sep 5 2006 	A modern Chinese classic	Anyone who does business in China today would be familiar with this hotel. Maybe I am exaggerating, but, to my mind, it is a modern take on classic hotels such as the Grand in Saigon or the Beau Rivage in Beirut. The typical China World guest likely spends most days in Beijing negotiating tough deals in either one of the neighbouring China World towers, or, if they are of a diplomatic bent, participating in the 6 party talks on North Korea. Either way, if you are staying at the China World today, you are quite likely witnessing history in some shape or another.Which to me, makes it even more remarkable that the staff at the China World never stop trying so hard. They are flawlessly polite and helpful. They could actually allow their service levels to slip one notch and still get away with it, such is the demand for accommodation at the China World due to extraneous circumstances. However, they do not rest on their laurels, and they are much the better for it.The rooms are outlandishly luxurious in a Beijing (and Shangri-la) sort of way -- you literally feel like an Empress, or an Emperor. The gym is very well equipped and does not have the perfunctory feel of other hotel gyms. The massage centre and its trained masseurs are excellent, even though overpriced in comparison with the rest of &quot;ordinary&quot; Beijing. I love this place. It is grand and over the top and does not apologise for it. I will return time and time again, almost certainly for reasons not entirely of my choosing, but I surely could not harbour any real ill will or dissatisfaction should I find myself holed up, once again, at the China World in Beijing.	
Apr 11 2006 	definitely 5 star	This hotel was all it was promised to be, including the price tag. I was able to negotiate a lower price, but it was still pricey. The beds are wonderfully soft and I slept like a baby. The only complaint is the price of the rooms, but in the end, I 'd pay it again.	
Mar 30 2006 	Beijing's Best	This is the only hotel I've stayed at in Beijing but I truly enjoy going there and don't see any reason to try others. This place continually does a great job. Example... first time I stayed there I had an early meeting so I asked if I could access the fitness center (which, by the way, is excellent and modern) an hour before it normally opens. YES - was the immediate answer. No checking with the manager or anything. When I arrived the following morning there were 2 staff and a lifeguard on hand! Rooms are spacious and well equipped, and the &quot;events&quot; in the lobby are a continual surprise between opera singers and concert pianists and violin trios it's worth it to just spend an evening in the lobby bar!	
Jan 7 2006	Chinaworld Beijing	Just got back from there. Wow! What a find. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. THe rooms were wonderful, the health club great, excellent service, the breakfast buffet was incredible. We also stayed at the Pudong Shangri-la. Prices on food, business services, laundry, and massages all cheaper at Chinaworld and it is a slightly nicer hotel.	
Dec 28 2005	Wonderful service with a smile	Recently traveled to China for the first time. First stop was Beijing and the China World Hotel (part of the Shangra-la group). This is a wonderful business hotel. All the support services you could ask for and more. The staff was happy to help with any request. Ate in three of the hotels restaurants and they were very good. Also upgraded to the executive level which was worth the extra cost as it included a full breakfast; afternoon snacks enough for a light dinner; free laundry; and a nice lounge for meetings. Happy to recommend this property to those visiting Beijing.	
Dec 20 2005	Wow...what an experience.	I've stayed in hotels in many cities throughout the world, but never before have I been entertained by a full orchestra and five excellent opera singers in the lobby bar! After a long walk one Sunday, we returned to the China World and enjoyed this spectical. The rooms were very modern, decorated with flair and totally comfortable. I guess I expected to rough it in China---how wrong I was! Stay at the China World for a fabulous experience. Another plus is that the hotel is two blocks from Silk Alley! Fabulous shopping!	
Nov 22 2005	One of the best hotels I have stayed in	My husband and I stayed here for a weeks holiday. Very luxurious and comfortable. Food excellent, staff very friendly and helpful. We were however surprised at how expensive the bars and restaurants were considering the cost of living in China. Taxis needed for sight seeing and shopping unless your budget runs to the designer mall underneath the hotel!!	
Nov 14 2005 	Surprisingly good.	3 nights here on business, on my first trip to China. Lobby beautiful. Room a bit small but well appointed, bed and pillows/linen very comfortable, bathroom excellent. Staff very friendly and efficient, despite English not being spoken a great deal on the front desk. Still - international sign languages seemed to work OK. Food was a tad on the wobbly side - especially room service, but never a disaster, maye just the issue of western food in China. Health Club and Gym were outstanding. Three indoor tennis courts in the hotel as well.	
Nov 11 2005 	All u need is china world hotel	been there for 1 week. just impressive location. tube just off the hotel. 1 stop to the silk market and few stops from forbidden city. service is great. breakfast in room ok.overall clean and silent.i have booked it over the web via traveleurope. great too.	
Sep 20 2005 	Nice Hotel	The China World has a beautiful lobby upon entry. And the rooms are nice but not special. Ours was a nonsmoking but it smelled of smoke. We found one person, Vivian, behind the front desk that spoke good english but it was difficult to communicate with others at the entry. The all day restaurant had a buffet but you could also order off the menu. It was expensive for China, which is usually a bit cheaper than most countries. Also, the location was near the American Embassy and about a 15 minute walk to the new Silk Street shopping building. It is quite a long way to get to the Forbidden City, a definite cab ride. So depending on whether shopping is what you want or history, you might chose China World or the Hyatt, which is much closer to the history.	
Sep 16 2005 	Not so much for the money	OK, it's a nice hotel. It has a nice exercise facility. It has internet that actually lets you do business (with a VPN), which I understand is rare in China. But the rooms are... merely adequate, and everything is outrageously expensive.Buffet breakfast for three? 50 dollars.Want a coke? 3 dollars.Airport pickup? 50 dollars. (Cab costs 15, found out later.)Ouch.Recommended for those on expense account.	
Aug 9 2005	I Am Impressed	I am a Malaysian born 3rd generation chinese and educated in the UK.Never gave a second thought of going China because of the old ideology.I have made peace with the homeland of my ancestors and I am proud to be chinese with a 5,000year culture.Thanks to the late President Richard Nixon for opening the doors to China.The hotel my wife and I stayed in is excellent. The food and service is 5 Star. The only problem is the Greeter can only say &quot;good morning&quot; only further conversation draws a blank face. Staff at the reception hardly speaks English. Wake up, the Olympics is less than 1000 days away.Transport is chaotic and as the saying goes it is an economic indicator of prosperity. If you take the subway it is clean,safe and pleasant.China is ready to take on the world.My only son is now in Shanghai and will be in Beijing this weekend.We will be there again	
Jun 15 2005 	Great Hotel		
Jan 1 2005	Beijing vacation		
Dec 2 2004	Perfect Stay		
Nov 25 2004	Horizon room $250 a night ! what a bargain		
Oct 9 2004	Best hotel in Beijing		
Oct 3 2004 	Excellent Hotel!		
Aug 21 2004	Always stay here when I am in BJ		
Jun 30 2004	Excellent Hotel!		
Jun 15 2004	Excellent stay		
Jun 1 2004	Great Location superb service and facility!		
Nov 18 2009 	????		
Oct 20 2009 	VIP???????????????????????????		
Sep 4 2008 	????????????		
Jul 29 2008 	Lujo Asiatico		
Jun 24 2007 	Très Grande Qualité		
