Jun 29 2007 	Great little hotel in Haidan (University District)	I was booked into this hotel by Chinese friends at Beijing Jiatong University at the last minute...but couldn't have asked for a better hotel. For just over 20 GBP per night I had a little haven which I looked forward to returning to each night. Chic and stylish rooms - a lot of thought had gone into a good-looking, functional design with money spent where it mattered. Comfortable beds, crisp white sheets and a wonderful bathroom with huge walk-in shower (no bath). Also a choice of aromatherapy and anti-allergen pillows as well as fluffy white bathrobes and ‘take-away’ soft slippers.It was not a room with a view as windows set quite high in wall. I had reservations when the receptionist explained this to me as I like light and space, but once I saw the room I knew it wouldn't be a problem. The windows were attractively screened and the relative shade kept things cool (no need to use the excellent air-con). No mini-bar but range of snacks and soft drinks available in room and drinking water provided on-tap in the bathroom. Satellite TV included CNN, sports and CCTV 9 amongst the Hong Kong and Chinese stations. Don't usually have breakfast in hotels so didn't try the buffet breakfast, but at only 28RMB it was cheaper than a coffee in Starbucks! Guests were mostly Chinese conference attendees but I did see other Western guests most days. This is primarily a business hotel with a business centre, Wi-Fi access etc but as a tourist I found the staff helpful and welcoming and I would happily stay here again. There is a reasonably large supermarket just across the road from the hotel and a huge market round the corner selling almost everything including the kitchen sink! Local restaurants mainly catered for students and not much English was spoken but most seemed to have picture menus which helped a lot.I commuted into central Beijing most days which took about 30 minutes and felt quite safe returning to the hotel later in the evening (around 10 -11.00). The hotel is a 5-minute taxi ride / 7-8 minute bus ride to the nearest Underground station which is XiZhiMen.	
