Oct 6 2009 	Calls itself 5 star but 3 at best	Rooms, halls and lifts are old and stained. Nice gardens on the property, but other hotels have beautiful gardens too. Buffet breakfast was barely edible. No good restaurants. Stay here if you care for the historical significance (Nixon &amp; Mao). Hotel was built in 1954 and it shows.The Shangri-La is much better.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good hotel but look under the beds!	I arrived at ~1120 local time after a lively 60 minute taxi ride from the airport (86 yuan). First experience of congestion in Beijing and driving style! No problems checking in to room. On 4th floor of #3 building with balcony. Good facilities, including BBC and CNN on TV. TV did not have Sleep facility. Some staining around bath in bathroom. Two bottles of complimentary water plus kettle &amp; teabags. Warning about not drinking the water – some buildings are claimed to have drinkable water but not #3. Also toiletries, combined bath/shower, mini-bar, air-conditioning. One major limitation was lack of storage space in terms of drawers. Need to put room card in slot by door to get the electricity to work – seems common in Chinese hotels.Bed turned down every night, curtains drawn and towels, toiletries, etc replaced. Good Night card left on pillow together with weather forecast for following day – invariably correct. Bed was firm – just what I like. Lights in room perfectly OK for reading – been in worse and few better.I was a member of a paper selection committee for a forthcoming conference so I had a tour of other buildings including the main one – certainly more luxurious with larger family and business rooms. Interesting feature is glass panel between bedroom and bathroom! Not all rooms have baths – those without baths have a spacious purpose-built shower.Reception staff were efficient though rarely smiling. Chamber maids were much more pleasant, friendly and polite.Didn’t bother with breakfast – at £12-14 it was expensive. Other restaurants were great – didn’t try TG Fridays as I wanted ‘proper’ Chinese food but it seemed popular with non-westerners.Post Office and shop on hotel complex. Staff at PO did not speak good English but we managed to communicate and she was friendly. In general the staff seemed to speak and understand English as long as it was not too complicated.Metro station was about 15 minutes walk away, across a busy road, but watch the locals and cross when they do. Soon a new metro line will be open which will have a station just outside the hotel door. Using the metro was easy, 2 yuan for any distance and any number of changes. The metro is very modern and efficient, but don’t expect to get a seat. Took about an hour to get to Tiananmen Square.On departure, after 2 nights, I found a pill and packet of paper hankies on the floor underneath my bed so cleanliness could be improved.The hotel is opposite a big shopping complex but across a busy road – watch how the locals cross and copy them, though there is a pedestrian bridge ~10 minutes walk down the road.	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice clean and personable but a bit outside the city core	The Beijing Friendship Hotel was well-priced (in part due to our getting the &quot;conference rate&quot; because my husband was attending an international jurisprudence conference) and clean. The staff was personable and helpful and the room-service food was stellar (if you like tofu and some serious spice, try the &quot;bean curd with chile paste&quot;--fantastic!). The hotel was a bit outside the city core, but the surrounds were pretty, the included breakfast was very good, and it was an overall nice stay. Only thing that could use improvement: the beds. Extremely hard.	
Sep 19 2009 	Very acceptable hotel for on-site conference or universities in the neighbourhood but far from centre of town.	The hotel is situated right on the third ring road of Beijing and is not the obvious choice for visitors who plan to visit different sites in Beijing. Taxi is the only realistic means of getting anyway. The nearest subway station at the moment is a good 15 minutes' walk from the hotel but a brand new subway line (Line 4) will start to operate from 28 September 2009 with the Renmin University Station just 50M from the Friendship Hotel.My room on the executive floor of building 1 is spacious with the usual amenities including a trouser-press and an exercise bike in the bathroom. There is a fax machine which I did not use. It seems that the hotel does not offer Wifi anymore but the cable connection is fast. It is not free and one has the option of paying per hour, per day or per month. It is very reasonable with 160 RMB per month and it is worth taking this option if you are staying more than two days.Since I am here for a conference, all the meals are included. The food is average but there is a reasonable variety from which to choose. Otherwise, the price is rather high for F&amp;B and there is a 15% serive charge on top of the listed price in the printed menus. There are however plenty of restaurants just about 10 minutes' from the hotel (around the cinema on the map at the back of the room key card).	
Jul 2 2009 	Good value but rather out of the way	I was here for a week attending a conference at the hotel. The hotel complex is huge and the quality of the accommodation seems to vary considerably depending on how recently a particular accommodation block has been refurbished. I stayed in Building 4 and it was beginning to look a little tired - particularly the bathroom - however otherwise it was absolutely fine and better than many 4 star hotels I've stayed at in other cities.Breakfast was served in a central dining hall and was a strange mixture of Western and Chinese.I used to TGI Fridays in the complex on a couple of occasions for eating and drinking. It was pretty unremarkable and pricey.Only downside is the distance out of central Beijing, although at around 30 Yuan the taxis into and out of town are pretty cheap..........drivers are absolutely crazy though!	
Sep 24 2008	Travelsphere tour 08	On arrival, we were greeted with a wonderful facade, giving the hotel an air of importance.The hotel is split between a number of individual blocks, connected by underground walkways which were well signposted.Our room was spacious but hanging space was at a premium in one small cupboard. We had a problem with a leaking air con system, this was reported to the concierge and by the time we returned from our day out the problem hed been rectified with no fuss.Breakfast was served until a decent hour and there was a large choice at the buffet, dinner was the usual 'round table' affair but I must admit that after 2 weeks of Chinese food I craved a big steaming plate of Roast beef and Yorkshire pudding!!The hotel was clean and airy with attentive staff and situated at a reasonable distance from the sights of Beijing.	
Jul 27 2008	best hotel stores in China	Our 80 person high school tour group was part of hundreds of high school and adult musicians staying at the hotel while performing around Beijing. The location was about 40 minutes by bus from Tian An Men Square when the traffic was good. It is a huge complex with multiple buildings connected by underground passageways with multiple restaurants including a TGI Friday. Best of all is a minisupermarket with batteries, toiletries, souvenirs, fresh fruit and even kosher bagels, french bread, European chocolates, many kinds of Pocky and Canadian maple popcorn. My husband bought lots of granola bars for when the kids tired of Chinese food. There are ATMs everywhere that had no trouble accepting our American bank card (of course, call your bank before you leave your home country and tell them your travel plans). Interestingly, the machines also made change, if you had a large denomination bill. There was also a cashier in the lobby of our Building, 3.Our rooms had windows that opened, and the showers were combo showers/toilets so you cannot use the toilet and the shower at the same time. There was a tap that sid drinking water; we didn't trust it. Electric kettles, teabags,Soap and shampoo, toothbrushes, and toothpaste, cotton robes and slippers were amenities. Bring a battery powered booklamp-room lights are dim for reading. Rooms were very quiet.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good experience at the BF Hotel	My wife, 7 year old son, and I just returned from a 10 day stay at the BF hotel. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay. We stayed in Building 1 on the second floor. Evidently, the higher up you are in this building, the better the rooms (hard to imagine).The room: The room was very nice, with marble, wood, nice bedding, flat screen TV, free wireless (network connection is not free), and many other amenities. You get three free bottles of water per day. There is also a small mini-bar fridge with room to store a few drinks and water bottles. Beijing was hot and humid the week we were there. The A/C worked very well in our room. We had a 'queen' sized bed, which is a king size in the US. Cots are available for our child. The hotel is a campus, with many different buildings. The best feature of the hotel is the park-like setting. If this is your first trip to Beijing (as it was for us), it is hard to express in words just how chaotic the city can be. You have to experience it for yourself. The BF hotel is a haven. The hotel has 6 restaurants, including a Friday's, which looks just like a Fridays in the US. We ate their twice. It was decent. There is a pool and fitness center, spa, and a small supermarket, adequately staffed with water, snacks, soft drinks, etc. There is a breakfast buffet in the Friendship Palace and on the 6th floor of Building 1. The buffet was interesting, a mixture of traditional and western dishes. It is a little pricey for Beijing ($14 US per person). We ate lunch and dinner around town. The swimming pool is 'free', but you must wear a swimming cap. Bring your own, or be prepared to pay 100 yuan per person (app. $15 US) for a cap. There is a business center that charges by the minute for computer use. You can get a cup of to-go coffee at any of the hotel restaurants, but it costs 50 yuan and China is a tea culture. The Starbucks across the street opens at 7:30.  The Staff/service: They are very friendly. The concierge and front desk staff are best at speaking English. The concierge made a reservation for us at a show. She really went the extra mile to make sure everything was in order. Service was very good. I had laundry done twice. No problems. The setting: I was in Beijing on business at Renmin University. The BF and Yanshan are the closest hotels to Renmin U. If you are visiting this university, I would strongly urge you to stay at the BF. The hotel is across the street from a major department store, complete with Starbucks, Baskin Robbins, and Papa John's Pizza. One block down there is a shopping mall with restaurants on the 6th floor, and a supermarket (with much better prices) in the basement. Walk three or four blocks in any direction and you will pass plenty of restaurants. The BF hotel is not near the tourist attractions. Cheap taxis are everywhere, use the gold stripe taxis. I had a hard time booking my room through the BF website. I used bookings dot com. I am returning in October and will stay in the same hotel.	
Jul 19 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed in Bldg 1. VERY nice room !! Water could be a bit hotter but was still very comfortable. Marble walls, floors and separate shower and bathtub. Bedding was extremely comfortable. Internet access with reasonable charge. NUMEROUS english TV channels with HBO, CNN, AXS. Around 50 Chinese TV channels with sports. If one is not comfortable here, you cannot be pleased. The restaurant on the 6th floor has a good breakfast buffett. Coffee is probably the worst I ever had in my entire life, even worse than airline coffee but the food was very good. Drink the excellent Chinese tea instead. TGIFridays is also on the 1st floor. Get tired of the Oriental cuisine in the hotel,go here. Food is better than some in the US and portions are large and VERY resonably priced. Staff are wearing the old traditional Fridays uniforms (good memorys for me) and were exceptionally nice and all spoke enough english for one to be comfortable. I WILL stay here if ever I return. There is also a MAJOR mall across the street that has several restaurants also.By the way, in China, TAKE A TAXI !!!! I've only seen worse driving and traffic in Manila, PI. Enjoy your stay. I did !!	
Jun 3 2008 	Island of tranquility in chaos of Beijing	The Friendship Hotel (built during the 50s to support friendship between the Soviets and the Chinese Communists) is unlike any other place in Beijing that foreigners are allowed to enter (we can guess that Zhongnanhai might be equally peaceful). The hotel is made up of a dozen buildings, including apartments and government offices as well as the hotel; the outside buildings forming a wall around the interior gardens and central buildings. The gardens in the center are well maintained, and uncrowded. The traffic noise and pollution of Beijing seem to fade away inside the walls of the hotel. The buildings are in traditional Beijing style of with grey brick and Chinese roofs, and unlike almost everything else in this style in Beijing, have not been bulldozed in the last 20 years or covered up with a more modern veneer.As a hotel, it is a bit quirky. To get to breakfast outside of Building 1, you take a long walk through a rabbit's warren of underground corridors connecting the central buildings. It seems like hardly anyone (including the concierge) speaks much English. There are a dozen different restaurants/cafes/bars scattered somewhat randomly throughout the compound that cater to different tastes and budgets, as well as little shops. Many of the rooms have been recently remodeled, but some still the have weird communist hotel fixtures that flourished in Russia and China up through the 1980s (although the overstuffed armchairs with lace antimacassers that appear in photos of Mao and Zhou have been replaced). The magnificent Olympic size indoor pool is part of a sports center that has recently been refurbished. It is very clearly a government run hotel, but it is also clear that the management is trying hard to adapt to the new China.The hotel is in the northwest of the city--far from the embassies and eastern business center, but very near Peking University, Tsinghua University, Zhongguancun High Tech district, and the Summer Palace. I stay here every time I come to Beijing.	
May 29 2008	Its Big Bold and a bit Municiple!	Billed as the biggest hotel in Asia, I didn't know what to expect of the Friendship Hotel. First impressions were off-putting. built by the Russians in the 50's, its all grey brick buildings with chinese roofs - a bit incongruous! There's a central building and about 8 satellite buildings, all the size of a medium hotel, and these are all linked by corridors, with shopping counters and restaurants scattered along the way. there is plenty of space, and its quite peaceful in the hotel grounds, with plenty of trees and paths to wander round. Somehow though its a bit soulless - the security guards ensure no intruders, but as a newcomer to China they also seemed to be keeping an eye on the tourists too!The rooms were of a good standard - soft cream and light wood interriors, with soft towels, pillows and bed linen - though the beds were firm!the hotel has its own rather swish and well-stocked supermarket, and prices are reasonable. It also has a bar, a Korean restaurant and a TGI Fridays!! (Bizarre!) If you want a decent coffee though, go across the road to Starbucks! There's a large pool, fitness centre and massage parlour, but all are quite pricey (£8 to use the pool or fitness centre, and about £50 for a massage!). The staff in the shops and restaurants tended to be somewhat 'regimented' - not much smiling, and the food wasn't that great really.Overall, an adequate and relatively comfortable hotel, though lacking in atmosphere and 'soul'.	
Apr 10 2008	Ok stay at The Friendship	Stayed at this hotel as part of the 15 day Discover China with Travelsphere. The Friendship hotel complex is huge.Stayed in building 4, rooms large and well appointed with in room safe and ample toiletries. Kettle in the rooms but only Jasmine Tea, take your own teabags/coffee.2 free bottles of water every day.Shower was good, food was variable and I was not really impressed with the breakfast. Best bet, a freshly cooked omelette.All the chinese hotels we stayed in were smoky in the public areas. Rooms adjacent to the lift areas were particularly bad because there were lounge areas beside the lifts and there were often people meeting and smoking.A supermarket is on site and across the road from Building 1 is a large fashion shopping centre.There is a TGI Fridays on the complex and swimming pool and fitness centre but I didn't have time to use them.Best tip for other travellers is one i also picked up from this site.If you are on the Travelsphere tour and buy things in Beijing you don't want to carry with you on your tour, leave them at the Friendship with the concierge and pick them up on your return to Beijing. It only cost 1 Yuan a day, about 8p.I probably wouldn't have picked this hotel if I was booking myself but found it a satisfactory hotel as part of the tour.	
Oct 31 2007 	Building 1 rather good	Stayed in building 1 for a week while attending a conference on site. This is a large Government-run hotel. Building 1 is rated as 5* and the rooms are certainly pretty good. We had a mini suite with a lounge, bedroom and large bathroom. The rooms look to have been recently renovated. The lounge has a sofa, flat screen TV and desk. There was free ethernet internet access and they even had a UK power point already fitted. The bed was one of the best I've slept in and wasn't easy to leave. Another LCD TV in the bedroom with BBC World and HBO as well as numerous Chinese channels. In the bathroom, there was a bath and walk-in shower. Only complaint was a small amount of grit which seemed to get in to the bath water! We paid about $210 a night which I believe is expensive by Chinese standards but an equivalent room in London would be something like $400-500.The hotel itself is split into a number of different buildings which makes it a little soul-less. In building 1 is a restaurant, snack bar and cafe (which seems to only be open for breakfast). There was also a TGI Fridays and another small bar (pleasant enough). We ate once in the restaurant and it was fine though lacked atmosphere. There are restaurants in the other buildings and we ate in a couple but the food was average at best. There is a sports centre in a separate building which has an impressive 50m pool, tennis courts and a gym. You have to pay extra to use these facilities which seemed a bit strange (they were largely empty when we visited). There's also a mini supermarket which was handy for picking up a beer or wine or snack for the room.It's about an half an hour trip into the centre but taxis are cheap and plentiful. There's not too much around the hotel bar a shopping centre opposite but Beijing is not designed for strolling around in any case (save the very centre).Because of the conference, we didn't have any choice about where we stayed but our room is building 1 was very pleasant and it was useful to have so many facilities at the same hotel. Colleagues staying in building 4 (which is half the price) said it was fine but not special - they did comment on the hard beds that others had mentioned.I'd be happy to stay again.	
Oct 14 2007	Large but good	Stayed at the Freindship twice on a Travelsphere tour of China. Found the rooms in building 4 to be large and well appointed.Staff freindly, but no to much English. Food only average. Long way from central Beijing but only 25 RMB in a Taxi.Would stay there again	
Sep 19 2007 	You can get a better deal elsewhere	I stayed at Building No. 2 for 5 nights. No doubt Beijing Friendship is very big but it lacks the warmth and hospitality you would expect from a 4 star hotel, even though the rating is accorded by the Chinese government and not by international standards. This is the first time I come accoss a hotel that has a pool but guests have to pay for the use of the pool. Totally ridiculous! For RMB600, there are better places to stay in Beijing. The hotel is far from Tienanman Square, took me about an hour to get there by bus (RMB1) and subway (RMB3). By taxi, it takes about half an hour, expect to pay about RMB35-40 in good traffic condition. Rooms are basic in Building 2, which I heard was not the best building nor the worst in Beijing Friendship. Cleanliness was ok but the bathroom was not bright enough for me. Only 3 English channels (BBC, HBO and AXN) on TV.	
Sep 14 2007 	Please! Stay Anywhere But Here!	I would like to preface this review by stating that I have worked in over 60 different countries world wide, including most of sub-Saharan Africa, Mexico, all of the EU, Turkey, Russia, Kazakhstan, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, etc. etc. etc. Let's just say that I get around!I was referred to the Friendship Hotel by a friend affiliated with the Chinese Govt. Of course, do understand that the Friendship Hotel is in fact owned by the Communist Party of the PRC. That in its self should not scare anyone off and I have for years, worked with the Chinese Govt. on a variety if different projects. The Friendship Hotel recently underwent renovations in preparation for the 2008 Olympics. The main hotel at the very front of the complex is rated as a five star hotel according to the hotel listings. DO NOT BELIVE IT FOR ONE MINUTE!I was scheduled to stay there during this trip and was waiting for several business associates to join me from Hong Kong. After three weeks on the road, I needed a trim/clean up of my usual crew cut (Hey! I'm a 53 year old business man with hair that is gradually turning gray, but at least it's not falling out!). I went to the beauty salon/barber shop and asked that they &quot;clean up&quot; my hair cut, but DO NOT CUT IT TOO SHORT! I relaxed in the chair and before I could comment, the girl shaved a bald spot on the side of my head without any attachment what so ever on the clippers? Needless to say, I wasn't planning on joining the Marine Corp. (Semper Fi!) at this point in my life and what it eventually boiled down to was that this FIVE STAR rated hotel had not spent 10RMB on a complete set of clipper attachments that you could buy at Walmart for $3! The girl's excuse was that they did not have the right attachments! I then asked why she didn't simply say that instead of butchering the side of my head? She had no answer for that! Surprise! Surprise!The manager suggested that I let them finish butchering my hair, to which I replied NO THANK YOU! She asked what would make things right? I suggested that if she could grow the hair back in 24 hours I would consider us even! Of course she couldn't do that, so I made one other suggestion after listening to all of her bright ideas! I suggested that we could go to the beauty salon and I would cut her hair for her. She didn't like this idea any more than I liked the bald spot on the side of my head!People! I can get a hair cut in Pudong on the Chinese side of Shanghai for 10 RMB that would not include a bald spot and they would actually have ALL OF THE NORMAL CLIPPER ATTACHMENTS that one would expect in a barber shop! I've had my hair cut in a small village in Mozambique and they did not shave the side of my head!The Friendship Hotel is SUPPOSED to be a FIVE STAR HOTEL! All this points out is that they lack the attention to detail that we would expect from a Motel 6 in the US. If they can't manage to provide a set of hair clippers with proper attachments that any of us could buy at Walmart for less than $10 (Made in China), how can they provide the world class service that one would expect from a five star hotel?????????????????????????????Stay away! There are lots of fine hotels in Beijing. Certainly enough privately run hotels that you don't need to suffer at the hands of the crowd that currently manages this two star hotel in sheep's clothing!Now in the land of &quot;Saving Face&quot; (far more so than in Japan), I'm going to look like an idiot to all of the Chinese I have to do business with for the next week, compliments of the five star Friendship Hotel! NEVER AGAIN! Just my $ .02 worth!John P. SheehanSheehan Technical Consulting	
Aug 11 2007 	Great only if you stay at the Front Building	We arrived at the hotel lobby, and the people were very nice. We checked in, and no problems at all.The rooms were very nice and big. Internet access was free. The beds were very comfortable. Even the couch in front of the bed was very comfortable (That's where I slept. My dad got the bed).The bathroom was very nice. The sink was nice, and they even provided a fossit with purified water in addition to the complimentary bottled water. There was separate tub and shower. All glass. My only complaint is that the toliet is in its private cubicle/closet, but the door was made of glass. The whole point of putting a toilet in its private closet is for the privacy. It is not very private if the door is made of glass.We got a rate of 980CNY, about 150USD. It was worth it.	
Aug 3 2007 	Okay but not great.	Beijing Friendship Hotel is a pretty good hotel. The hotel takes a very large piece of land. It's kind of like a college campus, with hotel buildings, restaurants like TGI Fridays, gardens, etc. It used to be a very &quot;Luxury&quot; hotel to prople. Our room was okay. It was located in the 4th building. The size of the hotel room was a little small. Also, the newest rooms are now at the 1st building. Rooms (we had 2) can vary on cleaniness and how nice it is. Here's an example: a shower with only a shower curtain or a shower with a glass door and surrounded by glass and marble. In addition, the beds are really hard. Breakfast is a buffet breakfast. There are many special Chinese delicasies. In addition, there are a variety of juices. However, they use a ton of oil for eggs. Overall, the Beijing Friendship Hotel is okay. If you usually don't live in luxury hotels, this will be considered average to you. The breakfast is really good if you want to try out special Chinese items. Also, if you like greenery and Chinese architecture, this will be a pretty nice hotel for you.	
Jul 9 2007	Lovely Hotel	During our holiday in China, we stayed at this hotel on two separate occasions. This is a very large complex and the actual hotel is separated into four buildings. Building one (which is the main entrance is very beautiful. We actually stayed in building three on our first stay and building four on our second stay. Both were in excellent condition. There is a central garden area which has a bar with food available, and on certain evenings there is entertainment. This hotel is worth a visit although there is not very much to see unless you cross an extremely busy road to the Shopping Mall opposite.	
Jun 17 2007 	Pleasant stay	I was not expecting great with the price I paid. I booked directly as all the hotel booking websites indicated no more rooms in the hotel. It is located in the area I wanted to be, near the universities. The hotel turned out to be nice, clean and pleasant place to live for a few days. We were at Building 4 in a twin bed room non smoking. The room is well equipped but small so if you fitted an extra bed the room would just about fill up with the three single beds. Sometimes a bit difficult to get taxi from front of the building so yu would have to walk to the front of the hotel complex and that takes about 5-10 minutes.	
May 29 2007 	Good for adults	Stayed here for a business trip in May 2007. Building 1 was being renovated; I stayed in Building 4. Beds were indeed very firm, yet somehow comfortable for me, and I slept fine. There is a central electronic control at the nightstand that operates lights, A/C, and serves as an alarm clock and even tells you that 23C is &quot;cool&quot;, which an American might not know. I was not able to get my international phone card to work despite numerous sessions with the staff. The ATM in the lobby did not work with my bank card, so I had to use a bank across a very busy street. The breakfast buffet was a wide selection of Eastern and Western hot and cold dishes. You could also get a dinner buffet with appropriate selections, including unlimited beer. A so-call French/Russian restaurant served decent spaghetti. The &quot;supermarket&quot; was not super, but was fairly extensive. I didn't try TGIF's, but my friends liked it. There is a large fitness center with olympic indoor pool, two indoor tennis courts, table tennis, pool, and more, for slight extra cost. One caveat, my colleagues and I were approached more than once by persons on hotel grounds offering female companionship, so beware of bringing your family.	
Apr 14 2007 	great stay	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights with travelsphere every was fine clean rooms, bathroom towells (beds were like rock) staff very friendly but not much english. We stayed in block 4 which had just been done out breakfast was a fest you could eat as much as you like had dinner twice in block 1 which was very good, and the best part was georges bar with tgi friday's next door to the bar had a burger and chips for £3 they even let us eat it in georges bar overall a very good trip and hotel	
Mar 18 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel as part of a Travelscope Tour and we were in building No1. The hotel consists of 4 buildings and they are being progressively renovated. Building No1 was about to be renovated as we left but without being renovated we were pleasently impressed. We had read a lot of bad reports about the hotel and were a bit worried before we left but there was no need. We had two stays in the Friendship on the tour and both rooms were satisfactory. If you want to pull holes in it you could but it was equal to any UK 4 star hotel and I have stay in many.The breakfast is the same wide spread of buffet that you get in a good international 4 star.	
Dec 9 2006	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel last week and enjoyed it. Rooms nice and warm. Restaurants nice and shops good too.Handy location for shopping mall and department store oppositehotel - but beware crossing the road its scary!!Hotel also has a TGI Friday if you fancy something other than Chinese and also a pub.Experience all positive.	
Oct 2 2006 	We liked it!	I stayed at the Friendship Hotel (main building) for a week in mid-September, while attending a series of meetings that were held at the hotel. After reading the other reviews, I didn't know what to expect and I was a little scared. I'm happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised.Check-in was quick, the meeting facilities were good and the room, although a little dated, was clean and large enough for two people. The garden was nice and there were plenty of restaurants on site. We only ate at the Chinese restaurant in the lobby of the main building, but the food was very good and plentiful. There is also a cash machine, a currency exchange, a business centre and a convenience store, where we could get cold, cheap beer. All very practical.The staff was friendly and helpful but did not speak much English. Not a big surprise in China!We found the beds very hard (almost as if there was no mattress) but ended up sleeping very well anyways.The hotel was a little out of the way but as taxis are really cheap in Beijing, it didn't matter all that much.All in all, we had a very pleasant experience at the Friendship Hotel.	
Aug 21 2006	Not really a tourist hotel but has a TGI Friday's!	This is a huge 1950's era hotel. It was just about OK but a bit basic by US/European standards. The plus points are that the room was quiet, they have HBO and BBC World, the AC worked (just), the Beijing branch of TGI Friday's is in the grounds (and good) and we got a very good exhange rate at the currency desk. The down side is that it is way out from the centre, in fact it was off the city map that we bought before we set off. Taxis are very cheap of course, but it takes about 45 mins to get into the centre, and there isn't much of interest in the locallity. The staff do not speak much English.	
Aug 9 2006	A very good hotel	We stayed at this Hotel last week as part of a10 day Travelsphere Tour (very good value i would recommend them) I was a bit worried by some of the reviews but if your going here relax, we stayed in Building No 2, it was fine a good four star plus and better by far than some New York, London &amp; Parisian Hotels we have stayed in, we are quite fussy about Hotels and had no complaints about this one. Every Hotel we stayed in provided tootbrushes toothpaste, combs, and shampoo etc. The staff wre very friendly and eager to please, their English isnt great but hows your Mandarin?The rooms are very clean - all the beds are hard in China but we did not have a problem with this.The Bar at TGI Fridays is good and cheap, the two Chinese lads behind the Bar practising their Tom Cruise impressions by tossing plastic practice bottles around were a hoot.We did get approached by Hungry students asking us to buy them a meal-this is a scam-theyre very well dressd &amp; fedTaxis around the City are fine &amp; all on the meter-but do get a small translation card from the reception which will tell the Driver were your going &amp; more importantly how to get backYou can use British Pounds the Hotels use the Bank of China Rate exchange-we took Dollars but you can take poundsBreakfast was an excellent mix of Chinese &amp; English you will be stuck for choice and its all first classDont have any worries about this Hotel its very good you wont be disappointed	
Jul 29 2006 	If you must go to China this hotel is not bad	We stayed here for our last 4 nights but as I was very ill it had a lot of drawbacks. The first room we had the aircon was not working so eventually after a lot of disruption we got another room. It was ok, but a bit dark. I was very ill with a bacterial infection in my legs which had started I believe in Shanghai. I had to go to hospital and have a wheelchair for my last 2 days - there are so many steps that it was a nightmare. We were assured this hotel was a 4 star but we were in block 2 which in no way resembled a 4 star at all. The carpet in our room was very dirty which was not pleasant especially as I was already ill. We asked for more pillows so my legs could be elevated and it took hours to get some. The sheets on the beds although clean were very thin and had a couple of holes in them. The only good thing about this hotel is the TGI Fridays restaurant!! When you have been so ill and not eaten for days it was nice to be able to go somewhere that looked clean and the food edible. We cut short our holiday in China due to my illness and our insurance company brought us home. However, prior to this the staff at the hotel seemed to be totally unprepared for someone who could not walk and was ill and to assist in any way whatsoever. When we were leaving my husband rang down for a Porter to carry the luggage but this took 4 more phone calls and he had already carried down one suitcase. If you do go here be prepared for long walks, corridors which go on and on and flights of stairs to get to the restaurants. Not an experience I would recommend	
Jun 30 2006	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Friendship hotel in June 2006 for 3 nights. The hotel was nice, the food in the restaurant was very nice but for the banquets we always had too much food so there was a lot of waste !!! We were told that the pool was not in use but it was but when we found it cost so much to use, we gave up. The bathrooms were a bit dated, but were functional. Staff were friendly.	
Jun 6 2006	Dissapointed	We booked the Friendship Hotel for our last night in Beijing. We were hoping to have anice room and spend some time by the outside pool. We were told that the hotel was unsuitable forus as we had a 5 year old and were put into the apartment block. It was very run down and still only had 2 beds. We stayed at a cheap backpackers the night before that was much better. We did not want it spoil our last day so headed for the pool. We were shocked when we found out it costs $10 per person for 2 hours. It was actually an indoorpool with removable cover. All other accomodation in Beijing and Xian exceeded our expectations, this was the most expensive, but was very dissapointing.	
May 20 2006	Air-Con Confusion	We stayed for three nights. On arrival I found the room uncomfortably warm as the air conditioning did not appear to work. We asked at reception if we could have a room with working air conditioning. We were offered another room and moved all our belongings, only to find the air conditioning still did not work in our new room. The maintenance man suggested we &quot;Open a window&quot;. Just before we left we found out from another tour guide that the air conditioning was never turned on till June at the earliest. If the hotel management had simply told us that it was turned of, we wouldn't have wasted our time moving to another room. Also the restaurants would be greatly improved if they offered non-smoking areas. Overall I must say I've seen better, and I've seen worse. In my opinion this is a 3 star hotel.	
Mar 21 2006	Friendly 	I stayed in the Friendship hotel with my wife on our first trip to China. Having read numerous guides warning me to wear flip-flops in th shower, etc, I was expecting a very basic hotel, however the Friendship Hotel is anything but.The rooms were spotlessly clean and comfortable (though my wife found the beds a little hard), the staff were friendly and spoke enough English to deal with any problems we had.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Beijing.	
Feb 14 2006	large hotel with good facilities	We stayed at the Friendship during a organised China-tour with Travelsphere UK (August 2004).I would rate the hotel a good 4star by European standards.Rooms and bathroom spacious and well fitted, very clean, hotel spotless - a huge complex in a garden &quot;compound&quot; made up of 4 separate buildings connected by underground corridors. Has souvenirs shops, several restaurants (incl.TGI Fridays + a pub) and a supermarket on site. Breakfast is buffet-style with a lot of Chinese and Japanese hot and cold dishes, but some western food was available (bread butter and jam, hams and cheeses, toasts and omelettes or eggs and bacon) - coffee, juices and fruit. Green tea but no black tea (Indian tea very difficult to find in China).There is a cash-machine on site - a small business centre (for sending emails) and money exchange. Reception helpful although their English is always a bit limited.A &quot;bier-garden&quot; in the huge garden area is a wellcome spot to sip a drink in the evenings - drinks are quite cheap, staff speaks English and is very helpful. There is a big shopping centre opposite the hotel, although crossing the two 3-lane roads quite an experience! There are security guards at the exit/entrance of the hotel so feels very secure. To get anywhere you really need a taxi (very cheap) but we were moved around by coaches with our own tour.	
Jan 23 2006 	cool place. Close to the University	Cool place to stay. This hotel has several buildings and it has a TGI Fridays resturants in the Main Building. I wouldnt spend all of my vacation here, but it is a good place to start it.	
Nov 14 2005	Friendship Hotel is OK	The rooms in this hotel were, as in many big city hotels, somewhat compact but generally clean and tidy, although could have done with a little refurbishment. The only unsatisfactory area was the bathroom which had ground in mould around the sink and at the bottom of the shower curtain, although these seemed to be from a need to replace these items and not a lack of cleanliness.  I have a limited review of this hotel as I stayed here as part of an organised tour and as such did not have much personal contact with hotel staff. However, the majority of staff I did encounter were very pleasant. The only hotel restaurant we tried was the TGI Fridays which was very similar to here in menu and very reasonably priced. The grounds of the hotel were large and very well kept and the reception area of our building (building 3) was always well presented. Overall I would say this was a satisfactory hotel, although I don't know if I would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2005	Nice complex hotel	Good facilities available in four hotel buildings in a garden/park setting. Each building is pleasant and there are several restuarants dotted around the park including a TGFI's. The hotel building No:3 is clean and the rooms comfortable. Building N0:4 has recently undergone a refit and it is very nice indeed. It has its own mini supermarket to buy essentials and water etc etc. Some of the restuarants are quite opulent looking. It was quite a nice place to stay albeit quite some distance from the city centre, saying that it was convenient for the summer palace and for tours out of the city to the Great Wall etc. It felt quite safe and there were safes in each room.	
Jul 12 2005	Garden hotel in northwest Beijing	This is a large hotel with several buildings. We stayed in Building #4 for 6 nights so cannot speak to the other buildings. Our understanding is that #4 had been recently renovated, but don't know exactly when.The hotel grounds are extensive. It took us about 7-10 minutes to walk to the front of the hotel. The nice thing about the grounds is that it is a &quot;garden&quot; style hotel. Although the gardens are not fancy like a classic Chinese garden, it was nice to be able to leave the concrete jungle that is Beijing when you enter the hotel grounds. In the morning, when we looked out the window we saw a nice lawn and trees and even heard a cuckoo several times. The downside to its size is that taxis did not always penetrate to our building so a couple of times we had to look for one outside building #1 or circulating about. Also, the taxis from the city center, although they always knew where Friendship Hotel was, did not always know how to get us back to the door of our building - but that was a very minor inconvenience.The rooms themselves were clean and neat. Beds were firm, though carpet was a little stained. One of our two rooms smelled like smoke but I don't know if there is such a thing as a non-smoking room in China. The bathrooms had no tubs, only shower stalls. Water pressure was fine, although the shower door panels leaked a little so we were careful with the handheld hose. There was a separate faucet for drinking water. The requisite slippers and hot water kettle were in every room. Service personnel arrived quickly when called and all were extremely polite. Front desk personnel were polite and helpful. We arranged to rent a taxi for the day to the Great Wall and Ming Tombs through their own fleet of taxi and the price was reasonable (500 RMB for 4 of us). Breakfast was not included; their buffet breakfast we thought was way too expensive (58RMB per person) so we never went back.We felt quite comfortable at the Beijing Hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 4 2005 	Huge hotel	I stayed here for the second time. It's a huge hotel that has several buildings located in a garden like area. That's the attractive point of this hotel in a crowded city. We even had a balcony. The hotel was built in the fifties, but the facilities are modernized and up-to-date. At the moment the building of a fitness centre is in progress. The hotel is located north-west of the city centre and it takes about 25 minutes by taxi to the centre (Tianmen Square and forbidden city). Taxis are extremely cheap and easy to get. The drive to the city centre costs about 24 RBM, which is Eur 2.40!	
Nov 29 2004	It was very Friendly!	My wife and I stayed at the friendship hotel during our honeymoon trip to China in mid October. I found that the hotel was pretty modernized with several amenities readily available. There is a money exchange counter on site along with several shops through out the whole premises. When I say premises? I meant premises! This hotel is HUGE! several sections through it. also A TGIF on site! As for shopping? You can shop inside the hotel, there are several shops on site. Also, across the street from the friendship hotel is a Mall where you can find electronics to cosmetics. Behind the mall there is a Starbuck coffee that my wife and I found and enjoyed a soothing frappuccino. For about $10 RMB, a taxi can take you to the NOVA station where you can find all sorts of electronics there. Several buildings full of techno nerds stuff! I spent 6 hours barganing for a digital camera for my mother-in-law and I save at least $125.00 USD :)Over all, I liked the Friendship hotel. Rooms are nice and clean, shower has alot of pressure and you get slippers to wear!One thing did bother me the first night, it was still pretty warm when we travelled and the room had no Air Condition. I asked the front desk manager and was advised that they turn the central unit off during cold seasons. I was fine with it after the first night. Other than that, i couldn't complain! There is also a internet room for you travellers who can't live without checking your email everyday.One more thing, if you plan on going to the great wall? go and enjoy the breath taking views! if you have a hard time walking, make sure you ask your tour guide to assit you to the coaster ride that take you to the top or bring you down if you get tired!Hope this helped :)	
Aug 28 2009 	??		
