Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel for Americans	Great food..decorated for Christmas with carolers too...very beautiful hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	excellent to get away from it all	The Loong palace is a gorgeous hotel and resort , it has fantastic facilities , and is the only place in Beijing you can feel alone......sadly it is because you are . After a hectic eight nights spent in the city touring all the sites it was lovely to just unwind and relax out at the Loong palace, the staff are happy smiling people and the place is five stars without a doubt . The great wall is visable on a clear day and the tombs are not so far away so even if you wanted to base yourself out here it is not so far from everything , It would be wonderful if more people used the hotel and travelled into the sites each day to then come back to quiet luxury of an evening . (it took about 30 mins from the forbidden city to reach the hotel ) small pointer -you need a cap to use the swimming pool .	
Jul 7 2009 	An excellent hotel	The hotel is located in the Chang Ping district and is close to the Great Wall and Ming Tombs and institutions such as Peking University. If you want to go to downtown Beijing, it is a 30 minute journey in a reasonably priced hotel car or a cab. The hotel has excellent facilities including indoor tennis courts, a bowling alley, well equipped recreation centre/ gymnasium, pool and a very good massage / spa. The restaurants are very good with an excellent range of cuisines and the Japanese restaurant is outstanding. The rooms are spacious and clean. For what you get, this is excellent value. Highly recommended.	
May 27 2009 	Loong Palace (aka-Lonely Palace)	The hotel is phenominal, but the problem is that it is in the middle of nowhere, thus as my colleagues call it &quot;the Lonely Palace.&quot; Why? This location is outside of the 5th ring highway (anything beyond the 5th ring is considered the boon-docks). But when I first moved to China, my company housed me at the Loong Palace for a month, and I enjoyed my stay, but being so far away, almost everywhere I wanted to go was a 40-50 RMB (6-7 USD) cab ride away. Although for the US people, 6-7 USD seems like nothing for a cab right, the equivalent for cost of living is that the cab ride is like 35 USD. So if you think about it, cab rides start off at 10 RMB for the first 2.9 KM, and then 1 RMB for every KM you travel. So if you do the math, you will realize how far the place is. I think from Tienneman Square to the Great Wall (Badaling section which is the area that you should go to), this is the halfway point. So if you're thinking in US, if you're going from LA to Vegas, this place would be Barstow. But this hotel is truly a 5-star hotel (as in Ritz Carlton standards). The manager there is Dutch, speaks fluent english and fluent Chinese. And since I had a corporate rate, the month that I stayed there, the total bill for the month came out to 900 USD. Now that's cheaper than the price of rent in NY city for a studio in the city.Like I said, it's not the most convenient of places, but the place is definitely a hidden gem. Also, with all the development going on by there is a new gigantic Japanese mall just north of the hotel which has a Korean Lotteria (burger joint), a Korean restaurant chain, a Sports Authority, and some other international brands.	
Feb 24 2009	World Class Hotel	The Hotel is very new. Clean, very western in terms of the bathrooms and room furnishings. Traveled with a very large group (350). The breakfasts we had at the Hotel were a mix of western and Chinese dishes.	
Nov 22 2008	a world class hotel great stay	others who had traveled to beijing warned us that a 5 star hotel in china might not be up to our usual standards. this is an exception. should be rated 5-1/2 stars. great room, outstanding common area facilities.the staff was always ready to help. money exchange, extra towels, business center and written chinese directions for taxi drivers, just a few of the great services.they try hard with english, but the difficulties encountered just added to the interest of traveling in china. my wife and i stayed for 8 days, and for someone who had traveled extensively, this hotel, and china, rated as one of our best travel experiences.john k, modesto ca	
Jun 19 2008 	Good business hotel in Beijing	I stayed at the Loong Palace while on a business trip for over 1 1/2 weeks. For business travelers, the club rooms are quite good, spacious clean and great respite from the day's work.The hotel is out in the middle of nowhere, for leisure purposes, its probably better to stay closer to the city either in the Financial District or the Choyang district.Food is good to excellent, the japanese restaurant providing excellent value.Staff was quite courteous and accomodating. Unfortunately, many didn't have sufficient english skills to be of true help.	
May 4 2008	Amazing Hotel - would definitely stay here again!	We booked our trip through our local community center. They were going through Collette Vacations. At first, I was a bit disappointed that this hotel was a bit far from the city, but it turned out to be centrally located to all of the sites on our trip. The hotel was just beautiful! There were doormen that greeted us each day. The staircase in the lobby was remarkable. Our rooms were perfect...I just can't say enough about how wonderful this hotel was!Room - The bathroom was black marble, with toothbrush, toothpaste, everything you could need. We used our room key to turn on the lights. The room was spotless. They had cans of Coke in the minibar, the kind with the &quot;pull off&quot; tab. I typically do not hit the mini bar - but I had to have one - it reminded me of when I was a kid...before the new fangled tabs that do not come off the can.Dining - We had the breakfast buffet each day. We had PLENTY of western dishes to choose from - omlets, cereal, fresh fruit, hot cereal, the list goes on. There were also Chinese options. The Chinese do not eat eggs/pancakes for breakfast. They eat lunch and dinner type foods for breakfast - and there were a lot of those options as well. We even had a Western Night dinner with Chocolate Cake and ICE CREAM! It was great!On the day we flew to Xian, we had to leave before dawn, and the hotel had boxed up &quot;breakfast&quot; for us. They packed yogurt, a delicious apple, that tasted like a pear, a hard boiled egg, a sandwich, etc. so that we did not go hungry.We had 2 &quot;fancy&quot; dinners at the hotel. One was the &quot;meet and greet&quot; dinner. Lots of chinese cuisine served on lazy susan's. Mostly appetizer types choices...but very good. The other was on our last night. We had a lovely sit down dinner with choice of entrees. Service - The hotel delivered and picked up our luggage for us, we did not have to transport our luggage at all. They were very helpful with exchanging our money and mailing our post cards. The staff spoke plenty of Engish. I did visit the business center to send email to my teenagers who stayed behind with their dad. (calling and emailing hit my wallet the hardest!)I cannot say anything bad about our visit to this hotel. It was truly an amazing visit!	
Mar 22 2008 	Very nice hotel far from the city center	We stayed at this hotel for ten days on a combined business/sightseeing trip. We were attending a conference held at this hotel; otherwise we probably would not have booked it since it is is very far from the city center.However, we found the hotel to be an excellent choice. The property is beautiful and has all the amenities expected of a good five-star hotel (pool, spa, shopping, gym, tennis, bowling...). There are many excellent restaurants on-site, which is good since there is not much else in this area. The restaurants were generally rather pricey by Beijing standards, but still much cheaper than we were used to so we didn't mind. The rooms were very spacious, immaculately clean and well-decorated. The bathrooms were very large with lovely furnishings. Free bottled water was provided in the rooms since the tap water isn't safe to drink. In-room internet access is available for a cost - however you pay only when logged on, and while we were online frequently the total cost for the stay was negligible.We paid a very reasonable 650 yuan per night, including the buffet breakfast which was very extensive, and excellent quality. There are of course much cheaper hotels in Beijing, but this seems to be a good price for a five-star hotel.The location is the main downside, since it does take some time to get into the center. However we found it to be simple and inexpensive: a five-minute taxi to LongZe station (12 yuan every time), followed by the line 13 train and the line 2 subway (5 yuan total). It took up to an hour but again, was quite simple. Note that it's not really possible to walk anywhere from this hotel, since the highway is very close.	
Dec 7 2007	Make sure to check out the spa	Very nice and clean hotel. Most desk staff speak a little English, but double check important details. Breakfast buffet is very nice. The huge spa is something not to be missed. Prices are most reasonable. I prefered the 9th floor spa to the services offered in the pool area (better ambience, though the pool area is cheaper).In restaurants, order your meat more cooked than you like it. Ours tended to keep coming our rarer than we'd prefer.It is in the ourskirts of town, so not necesarily convenient, but great value for the money, and taxis are cheap(make sure you only get in metered taxis!). Have fun!	
Sep 6 2007	Can't miss	Wonderful Hotel. One of the best I've stayed in anywhere in the world. We stayed in the new section just opened in March '07. Wonderful breakfast buffet also. We were on a tour so the distance to the city wasn't an issue. Conveneient to the Great Wall and the Olympic stadium but maybe too far for business downtown.	
Sep 6 2007 	Top Notch Hotel!	I've stayed here twice now...Both times just transiting through Beijing on my way back to the states...Flew in the night before and left the next morning or afternoon. The first time I stayed there was about 2 years ago...I booked it through Crowne Plaza's website. I arrived 3 days after it dropped the Crowne Plaza affiliation...Which scared me a bit. I was thinking before getting there &quot;Uh-oh, the place wasn't up to C/P standards!&quot; I couldn't have been more wrong. A GORGEOUS hotel, so big, such great rooms--big, clean, comfortable, many amenities...I could go on and on. My second trip there, I arrived late at night and was flying back to the States the next afternoon...Which allowed me to visit the Great Wall at BaDaLing in the morning and still catch my flight. I arranged a hotel car to take me there, wait for me for a few hours and drive me back to the hotel so I could freshen up before my flight...A GREAT experience. I had the hotel car for about 4 hours and ran me about US$100. Well worth it to finally see the wall. 4 trips to China each year X 10 years and still hadn't seen the Great Wall until that trip! Car driver was friendly, although almost no English spoken (thank God I speak some Chinese).Superb hotel, GREAT value. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra US$20 and book a small suite. Well worth it.Ate one meal in the Chinese restaurant...Great food, reasonable prices and fantastic service.While it is relatively close to the Great Wall and the airport, it is a long way from the City Center. The PERFECT hotel for doing what I did--fly in quick for one night, see the wall and fly out. One of these days I will make it into the city, but will have a tough time staying away from Loong Palace!	
Aug 2 2007	The Best of Service	Our Beijing vacation stay ended July 30, 2007 and it was the best vacation my wife and I ever experienced. Our room 8512 was beautiful and bright. The staff was outstanding, always very helpful and answered all our questions. My wife and I hope to someday return. The best wishes and long life to the entire staff.Hank Hammersmith and Lan Ying MiDiamond Bar, CAUSA	
Jul 9 2007	Amazing Hotel with best service	We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour group based out of Hong Kong. Have to say it was so luxurious. downside is amenities had to be paid for so couldn't really do anything else once you got to the hotel. Rooms were superb and breakfast had a great variety. Rooms were very large with a spacious bathroom. Felt like home. Great view of back terrace. Had nothing to complain about. Very remote location. About 70 Yuan Taxi ride to city center...check out the silk market but be prepared to bargain ridiculously. :D	
May 25 2007 	Had a great stay !	Just returned from another trip to Loong Palace and the improvements regarding service I have seen are getting better - especially for China.The Restaurants still need improving regarding service although the menus had changed for the better since my last visit in February.This time I went with my wife and we had a few days of leisure together which was a nice break from the usual buisness trip and I had a chance to properly explore all the leisure facilities which are really good and well maintained.Although the hotel was really busy with an International Taekwondo event she was really taken care of, especially at their new Spa in their new South Wing called My Spa which is certainly one of the best we have seen in Beijing.The understanding of English also seems to be improving as one member of staff told me they now have regular English lessons.I hope they keep it up as I will be going back in Sptember.	
May 23 2007 	Excellent Hotel	A brilliant Hotel with excellent facilities, friendly staff and good resturants.Rooms are large, well serviced, and well appointed room service is fast and efficient.Business facilites were good, and it is well located in relation to the high tech districts.The Great Wall and other major sightseeing areas are within easy reach.I will be staying there again.	
Mar 29 2007	Excellent accomodations.	Two friends and I spent 6 nights at the Loong Palace. It is a lovely hotel deserving of it's 5 star rating. The employees were very helpful, very accomodating. Most spoke enough English that we had no problems exchanging money, asking about areas we wanted to visit, ordering room service or ordering at the bars and restaurants, even getting a massage. This hotel is a bit out of downtown Beijing but taxi rides are very inexpensive and taxi cabs were numerous.	
Mar 5 2007 	Excellent Rooms 	The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are spacious, and the staff is excellent. Yes, as several reviews have pointed out, English skills are often lacking, but a little bit of patience goes a long way. Besides...you are in China after all..how fluent is your Chinese? The hotel has several restaurants (excellent breakfast in the Bravo on 2nd floor), a spa, bowling alley, tennis court, and other amenities to fill your free time (assuming you have any). I will definitely stay at the Loong Palace again. Top notch! The ONLY negative for anyone travelling strictly for pleasure is the location (45 minute cab ride from downtown).	
Dec 8 2006 	Service Challenged	The hotel is quite beautiful inside and the rooms are furnished well, but it is a typical Chinese business in that the service is non-existent and they do not attempt to proactively provide assistance. In regards to meals, don't even attempt to order room service in English unless you have a sedative and alot of patience. I stay here for business due to the location, but after spending several weeks on-site I will be staying downtown in January and paying the extra cab fare to avoid the poor customer service.	
Jul 4 2006	Nice Hotel but fair customer service	I have been on vacation with my family to Beijing, and we stayed at the Loong Palace Hotel throughout our 5 day journey.The hotel is in some remote outskirts of the city, but travelling has been reasonable. The rooms are nice, clean and big. The bathroom have also been in good condition. Variety of TV channels and breakfast have also been good.However, what annoys me most has been the customer service. My father and I went to access the internet at its Business Center one evening. We checked for the price at Front Desk beforehand, and was told the first 30 mins would cost RMB $32. Fine. Even though a bit expensive, it's not over the top.We went to the Biz Center then, checked a couple of emails for around 25+ mins. When we are about to checkout and pay, a bill of RMB $80 has been sent in. It came as a real shock. Subseqeuntly, we found out that the billing was &quot;First 10 mins would cost RMB $32, and then $1 per min afterwards&quot;.We feel cheated by the Hotel, and summoned the Duty Manager for reasoning. Sarcastically, he offered fruit plates as remedy, but insisted the full bill to be paid. He also guaranteed an investigation and refund us in full if the mistake has been made by his staff.The following evening, the Manager returned with an evelope of RMB $8. He said it has been clarified that his staff made a mistake, but the billing of internet has also been posted in the Biz Ctr, and he claimed we should have checked again before using the service. The RMB $8 is a 10% refund to show the &quot;goodwill&quot; of hotel. He even claimed that this event had the endorsement of his GM and there'd be no use if we keep complaining. We refused to take the refund and walked away. I think the handling is totally unacceptable, given that the mistake has been made by his staff, and the impolite manner of the Manager. It's not a matter of paying extra for the service, but the breakdown of trust and expectation from a &quot;5-star hotel&quot;. How can such a hotel in service for several years with front desk staff unaware of the pricing of its own service ?I'd say other than this unpleasant experience, the whole journey has been enjoyable. However, this incident spoilt our journey.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with a tour group. The hotel was beautiful and clean. The food in the restaurants was good with a good selection. The staff was friendly and helpful, although not all of them spoke english. The hotel is located out from the city center, but a cab ride downtown was only $8 to $10. It was quiet and had a large indoor swimming pool. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2005	Excellent Service from staff but a little far	I had a tour group of children and the staff bent over backwards to accommodate us. The facilities were fantastic and we especially liked the swimming pool which was free and supervised. The hotel was a little far from Beijing but that didn't spoil our enjoying being there. I would certainly recommend it to anyonw.	
Nov 17 2005	Excellent Hotel	I stayed there for a week. The amenities at this hotel are among the best by far of any other I have stayed in. The employees for the most part spoke broken english, but well enough to hold a decent conversation. There were quite a few, however, that spoke english very well. The food at the Palms restaurant on premises was very good, with many, many choices available to satisfy the hunger cravings of almost anyone. The choices range from western to asian cusine, with very well prepared on both. Not only would I recommend to anyone, I plan on going back and staying at this same hotel.	
Oct 20 2005	Very Poor	Just spent a miserable time at this hotel. The building is actually very nice and the room big. The problem is service and lack of English speaking staff. Impossible to order room service food and when it arrived it was not at all what we ordered. The coffee shop was packed with noisy tourist groups and was a mess both mornings. Virtually no one at the reception desk could understand basic English. Could not tell me where the executive club loounge was???Pretty hotel but avoid at all costs because of service.	
Sep 26 2005	Nice but not a Crowne Plaza Any longer	Booked by a friend and found out upon arrival it is no longer a Crowne Plaza. It is called Loong Palace Hotel and Resort. Could not believe all the recreational activites available, even a movie theatre (not open though). Weekend BBQ in the garden was super.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Nice big clean rooms and good price value.	
May 11 2009 	Tout simplement nul ...		
