Nov 17 2009 	great room layout service value-would definitely return	we stayed in a 3 bedroomed-suite which was well furnished and the staff perfect hosts. they even organised a birthday cake for my Mum (we were all there to celebrate).could organise for massages / manicures in our suite, perfect for relaxing.located in the CBD so not great for tourists but plenty of remarkably good valued restaurants nearby.	
Nov 7 2009 	A quality hotel with quality service	We stayed at the Ascott Beijing this summer for 1 week in a family of 5. It is centrally located. When you are a european with kids staying for a few days it is ideal to have a fully equipped kitchen and a big Wal-Mart nearby. We had a modern and spacious apartment with a big LCD flat television. The service was really good and important for us not speaking the language: we never had to wait for a taxi and they always provided info for our directions.We would definitely return!	
Oct 16 2009 	clean rooms good location poor service	check-in:my friends are i arrived from different countries @ different times and were greeted in the same lousy way. the bellboy did not help with luggage. the doorman did not open door. and the receptionist took more than 5 minutes to greet us with no smile despite having no other guest in the lobby. in sum, not pleasant.room:we had the 2 bedroom suite. very spacious and comfy with all basic amenities. bathroom was spacious with separate bathtub and shower area equipped with l'occitaine toiletries. but they do not provide us with new ones even tho we have finished them. we had to ask the receptionist/concierge TWICE before getting more toiletries to shower. the washing machine is brilliant, but the 4 of us were not clever enough to work out how to wash and dry the 4 days we were there. Ended up doing the laundry by hand. location:central and within walking distance to the train station and food places. slight difficulty getting a taxi tho. 7eleven is just round the corner. and there's a starbucks on the ground floor.breakfast:small but good spread with standard egg station, fruits, breads and some local congee and hot food.massage/spa:we had massage and Chinese pedicure there. pedicurist is a man who told us how maggie cheung went there for a massage a while ago. quality of massage and pedicure was average.	
Sep 18 2009 	Amazing find for a group that wants to stick together	We did a lot of searching before finally deciding to stay at the Ascott in Beijing. I was a bit nervous since it would be my first trip to China and I know little about the best place to stay. This ended up being the perfect choice. We had 7 people traveling together and booked the 3 room suite/apartment. We comfortable slept everyone. The 2.5 bathrooms worked well for our group. We also loved having a kitchen to be able to have a little choice about what we ate. We wish there would have been a grocery store closer by, although we made good use of the 7 eleven across the street. The in-room washer and dryer were also definitely a plus and there was plenty of space for lounging around.Some have complained about the internet. As far as wireless goes you can pick some up, but I wouldn't count on it. We did have 2 wired connections though so we just shared them and made do. We weren't in China for the internet anyway so we didn't care too much.The hotel staff went above and beyond to accommodate us. I left my passport in the taxi upon arrival and the moment I told them they got right on top of tracking it down for me.For added convenience there is also a Subway restaurant attached to the hotel. This may sound silly to most people, but after 2 weeks in china I was ready to put something a bit more familiar to me in my stomach and that hit the spot. Across the street you can find a Chinese food restaurant that will deliver to your hotel room. We had breakfast included in our stay which was a great way to start each morning.The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the subway entrance and maybe a 10-15 minute walk to the silk market and other nearby sights. All in all the hotel was very clean and the service was great. It is a wonderful deal for how nice the accommodations are and I would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 5 2009 	Good Value for large family - Internet connection prob not hotel's fault	Great for large families! We grabbed a large 3 bedroom for 6 adults and 2 kids. Great room - my chinese inlaws really liked the kitchen and washer/dryer. Big thumbs up from them. Large LCD tv was also in heavy rotation. Had a nice kids movie with popcorn and the works every Friday. Internet was down for several days (the hotel's guest room ISP had an issue), however the GM allowed us use of the conference center internet which was a different ISP as soon as he was aware. Prob solved. If you are looking for Casa Mia, it closed, however Annie's Italian is opening soon right across the street. I've never tried Casa Mia but Annie's is a great chain with excellent service, good value, great food. Also tried the subway and curry rest in the building all fine. Gym facilities were awesome - full Cybex, freeweights and treadmills with LCDs. The breakfast buffet actually improved during our stay, and we were asked for ideas to make it better. The kids room is more oriented towards toddlers - small ball pit and other basic toys. 5 and 8 yo with us enjoyed the pool more - decent temps and very clean. If you stay here, learn how to get to Walmart, its faster to walk than taxi, and they have all of the essentials at good prices. Everybody bought a lot of our local food souveniers there. The main lacking of this hotel is that it's not a tourist hotel. You'll have to do most of the homework on your own. Find a local guide and hire them like we did.	
Aug 17 2009	don't rely on it if you have any mission-critical deals to seal	the internet connection was not reliable at all. I was not able to connect to my US stock/futures broker to view/trade the markets. couldn't login to my airline to do an internet check in or book my seat. Other websites such as yahoo, msn messenger service were inacessible as well. the front desk tried it as well and they have no clue and no answer how to fix it. the 2 bed rooms were generally big and well equipped. had a dryer/washing machine,safe with no instructions, TV in the living room was an LCD, TV in the room was a grainy CRT Breakfast was lousy. Spread was limited and tilted towards awfuloverall - a horrible experience. Internet connection should be as essential water in the toilet . if like me you need a steady and reliable connection, avoid this place.	
Aug 15 2009 	Best place in Beijing	I travel a lot in Beijing, I've stayed in different hotel and serviced apartment and honestly this one is the best one I ever stayed. The staff is always friendly and try there best to satisfied each of your request.There is a Starbucks, a minimart and several restaurant in house, each of them can deliver food in your apartment. There is also a massage center, you can phone them and order a massage in your room.The room are just awesome, you will have more place that you never had in any hotel or even serviced apartment, the smallest room is around 100 square meter, I always stay in a 2 bedroom around 200 square meter and I always feel like at home away from home.The staff and the management are really helpfull, I really apreciate the way guest are treated.Of course I recommend this residence for family our group, but it will be suitable for people who like space and great facilities.	
Aug 7 2009 	We loved it!	We stayed at the Ascott for 4 nights, and were extremely happy with the facilities and rooms. The apartment was very large and spacious for our family of 4 and is perfect for families or 2 couples as there are 2 bedrooms (1 with a king bed, the other with a double or queen) and 2 well equipped bathrooms. The kitchen had all the utensils and dishes you needed. We did not cook but bought groceries and had breakfast and snacks at the hotel. There was even a washer and they provided packets of soap. We used the gorgeous pool area everday and there is also a steamroom and sauna. We were on a private tour so we didn't venture out of the hotel on our own but we always seemed to be about 20 minutes from the main attractions in Beijing. There is a Subway and bank machine right in the hotel. We'd recommed this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice apartment	Stayed for 4 nights in a 2 bedroom. It's a home away from home. Nice apartment except for the laundry problem mentioned in the previous post. After waiting 3 hours for the first load, I learned my lesson. Don't want to spend my vacation time doing laundry, you know. Since it's a small capacity washer and dryer (loads about 12 pieces of clothing), I just selected what needs to be washed and choose the shortest wash time with about 60 minutes of drying time. That way clothes are dry not damp. do be aware that your white clothes may be stained with yellow stains, probably from the water. At least that's what my Beijing friends told me. Location wise, it's a liitle farther from most of the sights. As far as taxi drivers unable to find the location of this apartment, I think it's a common problem for travellers to Beijing. I think the taxi drivers in Beijing are notorious at overcharging visitors. I've paid between rmb15 to rmb70 on different occasions travelling from Ascott to wangfujing street and vice versa. taxi drivers in Beijing are not trustworthy. From my own experience, I can tell that it's a trick for the drivers to tell the passengers that they are not familiar with a location and they would have to make phone calls to verify. Then, they would start cruising around while the charges keep going up. This happens to me about 8 out of 10 times I took a taxi anywhere. It's a huge problem and I speak their language. Imagine someone who doesn't. Overall, I would recommend this apartment to families only. there're better places to stay in Beijing if you are single or a couple.	
Jul 7 2009 	Avoid it if you are planning to do your own laundry at this place	Stay here for 5 nights with my family after reading previous positive reviews on Trip Advisor, the Travel Channel (Beijing special with Samatha Brown), and friends. The only good thing I can say is the roominess of the place(we stayed in the 2 bedroom) and the fairly good value you get for your money. Otherwise I say avoid it! Services were extremely slow due to understaffing (I think on purposes by the management despite low cost of labor in Beijing). Waits of 30 minutes to an hour was the norm with each calls for housekeeping or repair crew to come by. CAN'T stand the poor quality of the combination washer/dryer unit inside the apartment. It takes at least 3-4 hours to do a load of laundry (wash &amp; dry) and the clothes still come out damp to wet. Have complaint to management a few times but best they can do is apologize. If you are planning to do sightseeing in Beijing (which we did for a few days), where do you even find time to spend this much time on doing laundry( and still get upset with the damp/wet cloths). Breakfast was very greasy for the Chinese items and Western breakfast items were few and skimpy. Would definitely NOT stay here again despite all the hype, location was not easy to find (taxi drivers had a hard time locating it, and had to call the hotel to get directions). Faucets on basins/tubs were hard to reach if you had to wash something (if you see them, you would know what I am talking about). AVOID!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Value and excellent choice for family with children	Although the Casa Mia Restaurant has closed, Ascott Beijing still serves well for families with children (since it's a serviced apt). It has a gym, a pool and a play room (for young children). The location is also quite central (next to Park Hyatt) - highly recommended for families!	
Apr 22 2009 	Ideal for a family or a larger group	I spent six nights in a 3 bedroom apartment at the Ascott with five of my family members.Pros: Fully equipped kitchen and laundry. Spacious living/dining area. Free internet access. Beautiful swimming pool/Jacuzzi. Sauna and steam. Spacious gym with new equipments. Well-situated - Currency exchange at the desk, mini-market/Citibank ATM/massage shop on the premises, good Chinese restaurant just across the street. For grocery shopping, 2 minute walk to a 7-11 convenience store, and about 15 minute walk to a Wal-mart. About 10 minute walk to the Guo Mao subway and bus station (Be careful when you cross the road). Taxis are available at the hotel entrance. Have your destinations printed in Chinese, when you take taxis.Cons: I have no complain but one. While the housekeepers were polite and seemed earnest, the service was not up to par with what I had expected. The master bedroom and bathroom were left unclean one day. The towels and amenities (shower gel, shampoo, bathroom glasses, toilet papers, and so on) were not enough; we only had four sets of towels for six people and had to keep asking for more during the first 2,3 days. But those were not a big deal for us anyway. Just keep in mind that this is a serviced apartment mainly for long-stay expats, not really a hotel.Overall, I think the Ascott is one of the best options for a family or larger group.	
Mar 25 2009	Excellent hotel for a family	This hotel is perfect for a family staying in Beiijing. The rooms are like apartments - fully equipped kitchen and laundry. Spacious living/dining area. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. The rooms were large and bright. The room is cleaned daily. Overall, very clean except some carpet stains. The location of the hotel is not bad. It is located at Guo Mao, the CBD of Beijing. Convenient for business trips. However, do not be tricked by the fact that it appears close to Guo Mao Subway station. Although the hotel is situated practically on the Guo Mao Intersection (3rd Ring Road and Jian Guo Road), the subway station is not near. The Guo Mao intersection is absolutely massive - the subway station is across the road at the South-West corner while the hotel is at the South-East corner. To cross the road you must follow the crowd - Beijing drivers and pedestrians are absolutely crazy compared to North American standards. However, they are very skilled drivers. It takes approximately 10 minutes to get from the hotel to the subway station.Subways in Beijing are very busy. If you take the subway during rush hour (morning and evening), prepare to be packed like a sardine. Having said that, the subway is beautiful, frequent, and effecient. You can get practically anywhere in Beijing with 2RMB. You can also take Public Buses - very easy and cheap. Only 1RMB cash fare. There are hundreds of bus lines that will take you anywhere you want. For long buses, get on at the middle door. There will be a fare collector on the left. For short buses, get on at the front, the bus driver has a machine to collect money. Taxis are everywhere in Beijing. But beware - even registered and official drivers will rip you off. Although taxis are very cheap compared to North America, drivers, seeing that you are not native, will trick you. Know how much the trip should cost, hold a map, make sure the driver doesn't make stupid turns. You will waste time and money if the driver tricks you. But even if you do know where you are going, the driver will simply ignore your advice and continue. Beware. Never take taxis during rush hour, especially on streets like Changan and Jian Guo. It will take forever and make you frustrated. The Hotel's amenities are very good. There is a computer for use in the lobby area (ask reception) and there is wifi in the lobby. There is a beautiful swimming pool/hot tub too. Sauna and steam is also available. A gym is also available.As for food, Beijing food is very cheap. You can eat out. But if you wish to cook, you can take the hotel shuttle to supermarkets. There is also a convenient 7-11 across the street where you can buy snacks.Overall very good hotel.	
Jan 1 2009 	Perfect for Families	Me, my husband and two sons (13 and 11) stayed at the Ascott Beijing for nine nights. Very convenient location close to a main subway line. Definately have the address printed in chinese when you come from airport as it is tucked down a side street. Driver may call hotel for direction but no problem. Taxis in front of hotel were pleniful. Nice security and we always felt safe. A couple of restaurants, teahouses and Starbucks in the complex as well as a massage place (not too good), a convenience store for milk, yogurts, cereal, pasta, soda, etc. All very convenient. EXCELLENT Italian restaurant onsite called Casa Mia. This proved invaluable when travelling with two American kids who are fickle eaters. Owner is from Italy and food is good and reasonably priced. Fresh mozzeralla pizza was GREAT (about $9.00 US). My husband enjoyed the lasagna. They will deliver up to your room which is great after a day of touring with two very tired kids. My husband and I actually went to the restaurant and ate alone while we had an order sent up to the kids in the apartment. We had a two bedroom 2.5 bathroom apartment. Very spacious and clean. Large kitchen and master bathroom were wonderful. Housekeeping was excellent. Very small clothes washer/dryer but enough for a vacation. Pool and fitness area were also excellent. Most of the time we had the pool to ourselves and there were always plenty of clean towels. Good staff at the desk.	
Nov 18 2008	Choice for Western Visitors	I stayed at The Ascott from October 24-28, 2008. We arrived in Beijing late in the evening after a day of flying. Just as previously written, the taxi driver had some diffiiculty locating the hotel. We brought along the phone number. The taxi driver called and got directions. We booked a two bedroom and it was a very comfortable and nice room. The room was large and had a full kitchen, laundry room, dining room and living area. The hotel is about a ten minute walk to the nearest subway although we used taxi most of the time. They are cheap. The hotel was very helpful in establishing taxi fees up front and coordinating out trip to Badaling. Most of the front desk staff speaks very good English. We ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel one evening and it was very good although the waitress was a litle hesitant with her English. The owner/chef was Italian and vey helpful. There is a Starbucks and convenience store in the hotel. The breakfast was good and they had a wide variety of foods to pick from.Besides the Pearl and Silk Markets, I enjoyed the in room massage the best. We had massages in the shop downstairs and noticed they will come to room for massage service for the same price. After a day of shopping and sightseeing this came in handy. For 100 yuan or about $14.00, we had private massages in the room for one hour. It was so relaxing. Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Nov 15 2008 	Very good place for family vacations	We booked a 2 bedrooms suite through hotels.com for a stay in end october and were wery happy with this hotel.It was a key success factor of our vacations in Beijing.Our two young kids (7 and 3) had a large space in the living room to play, and thanks to the kitchen, we were able to prepare them the breakfast they liked.The washing machine was very useful, and despite the fact that the program were written in chinese.We used to get food delivered at the room from the italian and japanese restaurant that are located in the same building : it was very good and cheap, and much convenient for our tired kids.We used the convenience store of the hotel and the 7/11 to buy complementary food, such as yoghort.The swimming pool was great and clean.The location is very convenient. We rarely used the subway, as the travel time by taxi was shortened, due to the fact that traffic regulations to imit traffic were still in force. It took us only 20 minutes to go to the summer palace at 12h00!!WE even finally extended our stay. The people at the front desk were very honest, recommanding us to book through hotels.com, but as were was no more availability on the web site, we finally booked directly with the hotel.As far as we could see, this hotel is located at 5 minutes by walk of a wall mart.A very good place to recomend to all families.	
Sep 20 2008	Really Good Alternative Accomodation in Beijing	My friends and I stayed at this apartment hotel which is nicely located near a metro stop, Guomao, in the Chaoyang District. The room/apartment was two bedrooms a large living room and full kitchen with a modest size laundry room. Though the washing machine did not work. This was great for our short stay and would have been even better if we were there for a week. The front desk works just as any hotel in the ability to book tours, change currency, and get transport. A, 1 - computer, business center, with free access is also available as well as two restaurants in the building, a Subway, and a Citibank ATM. If you decide that you actually prefer to eat in the apartment rather than the restaurants there is a 7-11 down the block where you can get fixings to make an omelet for breakfast.  Two issues:* For some reason the cab drivers have a really hard time finding this hotel so if you use it make sure to have not only the address but the phone number. Every cab ride we had to have the cabbie call the hotel despite them having the card with the address (in Chinese) to get the directions. Cabbies are willing to make the call.* Second was the cab con that we had at our departure. After booking for a cab the night before for a 5:30 am pick up to the airport for Y150 we woke up to find out that the cabbies suddenly wanted Y200 because it was early and it was raining. BS, and this was something the concierge was pushing. And then they wanted to push it to two cabbies because of our luggage and wanted to be paid before we left. Hey I'm from NYC. No money up front, got to the airport and paid Y150 and we also did not agree to pay the Y10 toll though we did have to do it with two cabs. I blame the hotel because I saw the concierge take his&quot;cut&quot; from the cabbies before we left.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great family hotel	This is a great hotel for a family. Our family of five booked the two bedroom/two bath suite for two weeks. It was beautiful - marble kitchen and bathrooms. It had a large dining and living area. It even had a washer/dryer. Housekeeping came daily and thoroughly cleaned our room. The gym was nice and the pool was huge. We could find a taxi easily and it is located in a nice neighborhood. The staff was also friendly.	
Jun 28 2008 	Excellent in every respect	I stayed at the Ascott for 9 nights in April this year. My stay there was excellent, in every respect:* Check-in: fast, efficient, and I was upgraded to a HUGE 2-bedroom, 2-bath apartment (see photos), it must have been 200 square meters.* Location: VERY convenient, in CBD Chaoyang, 50 meters on a back road from JianGuoMen DaJie (it is basically right behind the Motorola Tower, any Beijinger will know where that is), 150 meters from the Guo Mao subway station on the Third Ring Road, 200 meters from the China World Trade Ctr. There are taxis almost always outside the hotel.Room: VERY spacious, clean, fully-equipped kitchen, separate laundry room(!), L'Occitane toiletries in the bathrooms, LCD TVs, ample closet spaces.* On-site facilities: Everything you'll need: 4-5 restaurants leasing space from the hotel: Thai, Japanese, Italian, Starbucks...I had food delivered to my room from the Italian restaurant, very good and fast.There is a mini-market on the premises with everything you might need for a short stay, a Citibank ATM on the premises(!), and a 711 2-minute walk. Great gym, huge, with nice views, looked newly renovated, new equipment, and it was empty every time I went there.I believe the pool was closed for renovation, so no opinion on that.Service: One word: excellent. Example: I'd call Housecleaning right before I'd go downstairs to the gym so they come to clean the room, I come back from the gym 1 hour later and the apartment is made up and the cleaning lady is ready to leave! In other words, immediate housekeeping on request.Tip at the Beijing airport: have with you the address of your hotel in CHINESE, or at least the phone number, so the taxi driver can call them to get the address.	
May 14 2008 	Recommended with one strong consideration	I found the comments here to be generally true when I arrived at this hotel with my husband and toddler. The rooms are huge and well-appointed. The grocery store downstairs, though small, contains many western foods which can be difficult to find otherwise as does the reasonable lobby restaurant. HOWEVER, my husband has a bad lower back and the bed was intolerable for him. Generally speaking, hotel beds are better for him but this is basically a thick futon. I thought it felt like sleeping on a hay bale. The hotel (after 3 calls and one direct chat with the guest services director) switched out the mattress to something they said was softer, but it was basically the same. We had to pack up and relocate after the first night. We are both in our late 30s and not that out of shape! Also, the pool which I specifically picked for the toddler was closed. And the staff is rather limited on English, but that seems typical in Beijing.	
Nov 4 2007 	Excellent choice for Beijing	I stayed at the Ascott Beijing for two months during Sep / Oct 2007. Rooms were spacious and generally well maintained. Of the three rooms I stayed in I only had issues with one, which were resolved without fuss.I had previously stayed at a 5 star hotel in Beijing, and the Ascott provided larger, better furnished rooms at a cheaper rate. The building housing the Ascott includes a number of restaurants and shops (Thai, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, Starbucks, Subway, a 24 hour convenience store, an ATM, ...).Large pool and gym with new equipment. Reception staff generally speak good English but other staff do not (this is standard for China). Only issue would be that I didn't find the buffet breakfast fantastic (but I am quite fussy).	
Nov 1 2007	Didn't want to leave!	We rented a two bedroom deluxe apartment using the hotel's website it came to about $200. One of the rooms was a master bedroom, the other a regular bedroom with the bathroom across the hall (great for a family, might be an issue for two couples). The apartment had a full kitchen and a laundry room with a washer/dryer (small loads work best).The apartment was large, it was well lit and felt very luxurious.When we arrived the room was still being cleaned by a small army of maids so we spent some time at the Starbucks downstairs reading the free and very useful Time Out Beijing and That's Beijing papers. Forget about guide books, they are obsolete the moment they are published in fast changing China.The hotel's rooms are in two towers (East and West) which you can access using your room card. You also use your room card to activate the elevator. This felt very safe. There are a few restaurants, a couple of art galleries, a massage place, a convenience store and a very neat tea house in the same building.Breakfast is served in the nearby Casa Mia Italian restaurant. The website called it a continental breakfast, but it's much more than that. There are eggs, noodles, congee, vegetables, in addition to the more usual muffins and cereal.I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Problems like missing toiletries and a leaky fridge were taken care of right away. I would recommend a stay here to anyone who's traveling in larger groups.The hotel provides Internet access for an extra fee and can arrange excursions and airport transfers for you, but those are usually more expensive then doing it yourself (about twice as expensive). The Guomao subway stop is close by and can get you to Tianamen square and the Forbidden City very easily. Taxis were always available.The airport shuttles get you pretty close to the hotel (take #1 and the stop is #3 - Guomao). It's only 16 Yuan, but not very comfortable. A taxi will cost about 85-100 Yuan and is probably a better option. The airport staff is completely unhelpful and will try to sell you on tours to the Great Wall and expensive shuttle services (3-4 times what it would cost by taxi). Of course all this might change with the Olympics. Hopefully for the better.	
Sep 18 2007 	Absolutely delighted with this hotel!	I wasn't looking for an apartment - just somewhere I could fit 2 adults and 2 kids without having to pay for 2 hotel rooms. We paid the special rate of 888RMB nightly for the Ascott Beijing, booked on the Ascott website. The location was very good - you could walk to shops &amp; restaurants, or it was easy to get a taxi. The Silk Market was walking distance.The apartment itself was divine - one of the nicest I have ever stayed in. It had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, full kitchen &amp; laundry. It's obviously set up for expats who stay long term. After the tiny room we had in Shanghai, this was an absolute delight. We arrived early and paid an extra half day to check into our room early. Then it seemed a pity to leave it for the next five days, but clearly we did because we managed to cover its expansive spaces with shopping.	
Apr 9 2007 	Ok - but Service can be frustrating	My family (wife, 3 kids, in-laws) spent four nights in a 3BR apartment at the Ascott in Beijing. The room was decent, although clearly fraying around the edges with worn carpet. The room is in need of updating. Quite inexcusably, we were put in a 3BR apartment in a wing of the hotel where the other apts. were being renovated. So during the day we had workmen walking up and down the halls and we returned each day to the smell of fresh paint in the area.The biggest problem is that the service is not up to par. For example, when we checked in, we only had 4 sets of towels in a 3 BR apartment that sleeps at least 6 people. Not sure if they think you're going to take turns or something. When we asked for more towels, they brought two sets up and asked us to sign for them (never had that happen in a hotel). When we asked for some additional sets (we like to have extras on hand), both on-duty housekeepers came up and told us we more than enough towels and that we could exchange towels, not get additional sets. At one point, they accused us of wanting to steal the towels.After engaging the front desk, we finally got a few extra sets of towels, but it clearly wasn't worth the hassle. We had other minor problems throughout the stay. While we enjoyed the extra space, the kitchen and laundry facilities and the price was relatively inexpensive, in some ways it was more hassle than it was worth.	
Nov 1 2006 	Good value but watch the beds!	The Ascott Beijing is perfect for those wanting to stay in a service apartment in the city, and for the added space you pay hardly anymore than for a hotel room. The Ascott is well appointed with large rooms and comfortable open spaces. It is also well situated in the Guo Mao area with a line of taxis behind for easy travel (easy being relative because as soon as you leave the hotel by taxi you enter the city's increasingly horrid traffic).The Ascott also had an indoor pool which is useful in the cooler months and a good gym. There is even a massage centre right down stairs (not run by the hotel but they are permitted to go to your room).The only issue - albeit an important one - I had with the Ascott Beijing was the quality of their beds - they were were just too hard. And when I say hard its not a matter of too firm, but actually too hard! You don't feel like you are getting any support which leads to unfulfilling sleep. For a service residence of this caliber this is certainly a disappointment and a reason why I may consider staying at the Ascott Beijing again. My rating for the hotel would otherwise be a &quot;5&quot; or excellent.	
Oct 2 2006 	want a convenient alternative to a 5 star beijing hotel?	traveling to china four times annually since year 1998 and staying at 4 and 5 star rated hotels in beijing, i tried the ascott in 2003 as an alternative. the ascott provides the leisure and business traveler a refreshing alternative with the bonus of twice the floor space of a western style hotel suite. another attraction is the ascott's location. it is situated in the most desireable area of beijing known as choyang or the central business district where the center of government, shopping, and branded hotels are domiciled. the ascott may not have the name recognition of the western chains...yet; but if you need high speed internet, a convenient location, english speaking staff, and a spacious accomodation, you will be pleasantly surprised with this hidden jewel.	
Jul 7 2006	Pretty nice place	I just stayed at the Ascott with seven of my family members in June 2006, and we all thought that it was pretty nice. This is not really a hotel; it's a serviced apartment. So, it is meant to be used long-term by business travelers. The benefit for short-term travlers is that the Ascott has several different apartment configurations, and it is one of the few options in Beijing (that I know of) where larger groups can stay comfortably. We rented two apartments, each of which had two bedrooms and two bathrooms (1800Y a night). The apartments were tastefully decorated with full kitchens (granite countertops, stainless appliances, etc.). The service was very good, and the location is convenient -- behind the Motorola Building on the intersection of Jianguomen and Third Ring Road, kitty corner from the World Trade Hotel and the Guomao subway station. There's a Starbucks in the same building, and there are several places to eat. A Minsheng Bank is located right across the street from the lobby, which has an ATM machine that takes all the cards, and there is a 7-11 about 30 yards down the street -- nice when you need cold beer or water at all hours of the night.Like many other properties in China, the quality of workmanship in the hotel rooms leaves something to be desired -- uneven grout lines, messy caulking, etc. If you've stayed at other hotels in China, you know exactly what I mean. This would be my one reservation about the place, but it didn't seem to bother people in our group. In other words, it's not a five-star hotel, but it's trying hard. The place still provides one of the best options for larger groups of people (On this, I agree with the earlier poster.). If you're interested, you can find photos online at the Ascott's website, which provide a reliable idea about how the apartments look.	
Nov 9 2005	Fantastic apartments	My family recently returned from a 10 day tour in China - our 4 days at the Ascott Beijing made for a fantastic finale. We got all the creature comforts of a hotel (nice furnishings, linens and maid service) combined with the privacy and space of a large apartment.We were a mixed group: two grandparents, three grandsons (11, 9, and 8 yrs old), their mom and me (the auntie). After 6 days in hotels and staying in 3 separate hotel rooms - with frequent calling between rooms to get organized for breakfast, dinner, etc - this luxurious apartment set up was a welcome change (and about the same price). Our 3 bedroom, 2.5 bathroom apartment seemed new and extremely clean. There was a washer/dryer combo, but it was so slow that it was just better to send our laundry out to a service. The kitchen was well appointed &amp; we could easily prepare our meals - the maid service helped finish up the dishes we inevitably left behind each morning.For the kids, the big pool and hot tub were a blast - a much needed energy release every day. Very clean &amp; pretty with big towels. For younger children there is a babypool, a playroom and for adults a nice gym.The breakfast buffet that came with our room rate was not all that great, but we went a couple times anyway. Plus, it was fun to see some of the ex-pat families that basically live at the Ascott.The location was pretty good, with a nice 'western' style market within walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel/apartment building for travelling families or groups. It was so much easier to communicate and coordinate, that we were more relaxed for the touring (and dealing with the terrible Beijing traffic).	
