	overall pleasure	this hotel was fantastic. rooms were lovely. staff was very helpful and accomodating. enjoyed the free happy hour that was really well done with a great server up their who happily tends to your every need! we were traveling for fun and it was a great respite from crazy touring around. hotel made bad restaurant recommendation for place around the corner so stay away from there! breakfast is really expenisve, they should have a more reasonable option, but you can just run across the street and get starbucks and 7-eleven if you prefer, so thats a good alternative. fitness center is a little dated. great service in the fitness center, the machines (especially the bikes) are just old.	
Nov 24 2009 	A GREAT HOTEL	Stayed there for 5 daysthe room was excellent everything you could wish for and moreThe service is extremely good in all departmentsThe staff is very friendly and helpfullThe breakfast buffet is very goodHowever we had a very dissapointing meal in Daniells restaurantOver all a good hotel in a great location	
Nov 22 2009 	St. Regis Beijing	Nice, quiet location. Great restaurants. Not as opulent as other St. Regis hotels, but will stay there again.	
Nov 18 2009 	Nice but not great	The St. Regis had the look and feel of a great hotel, but was a little rough/uneven at the edges. Had a great steak at the rooftop restaurant, but terrible hamburger at the bar. The cigar shop downstairs is obscenely over-priced. Tea service in the lobby is consistently good. Room was nice, but not that nice. In sum, a decent place for business travel, but might look for something else if on vacation.	
Nov 16 2009 	Still the best hotel in China	I have stayed in many of the top hotels in China and Hong Kong, and I recently had a need for a place where I could work in peace for several days. While China offers much, there are few places that I would consider a ‘refuge’ when not at home. To me, the St. Regis Beijing is the one place to go to work on the ‘once in a lifetime projects where failure is simply not an option.’ I have stayed at the St. Regis Beijing many times with my family, and have many fond memories of those visits. This was my first work visit, and I was extremely pleased with my choice.There is a key to excellent service, which starts with being available when needed and being invisible when not. Despite best intentions, many other hotels in China ‘over-service’ their guests to the detriment of both. The St. Regis demonstrates a clear understanding of this balance, which sets it apart from newer hotels boasting more.The St. Regis hotel excels at its service, and maintains its unique position in China. It is difficult for a hotel to maintain such high expectations, but after I encountered a minor miscommunication there, I discovered that the hotel was even able to exceed them. I very much wish to say “I began great things at the St. Regis Beijing” and truly believe that the hotel has done its part. The rest is now up to me.	
Nov 7 2009 	Make your Beijing Visit Comfortable and Memorable at the St. Regis	The St. Regis is an excellent choice for any stay in Beijing. Myself and a colleague each booked a Diplomat room and were extremely pleased. The rooms were very large and had large closets and bathrooms. We stayed four nights for a trade show.The breakfast buffet is on par with the best buffets I have ever seen in Las Vegas hotels. The choices are extensive for both Asian and Western cuisine. The dining room itself is exquisite and with beautiful views. We did not eat in any of the other dining outlets in the hotel.The evening happy hour was also a welcome retreat every evening. They have a full range of draught beers and cocktails, all complimentary.Morning wake up calls with complimentary French press coffee (a St. Regis chain signature) is also a treat.The fitness facility is top notch as is the indoor swimming pool. I also recommend bowling a few frames at the private bowling alley which they will be more than happy to open for you. You can also order room service in the bowling alley.The doormen were very helpful in chasing down taxis in the rain an communicating our destinations.We hired the hotel limousine (a stretch Audi A6) to take us to the great wall at Jinshanling and then we hiked to Simatai. I believe it was about $400 USD and was a 9-10 hour excursion…worth every penny. You could probably do this for much less with a minivan or taxi, but we liked the convenience and piece of mind of having a driver’s cell phone number in an emergency.The location is great for Tienanmen and other sights…a 30 minute walk or $3 cab ride.There is an excellent local spa chain across the street...Oriental Taipan Spa which is a legitamate spa with great staff. 90 Minute foot massage for $25 is amazing.The few negative comments I have read about this hotel seem to be comparing it to other St. Regis properties such as New York or San Francisco. Keep in mind that those properties are quadruple the price of Beijing but have similar amenities. Book through an international travel website to save at least 25% off their website prices.	
Nov 3 2009 	Elegant Hotel	We stayed in the St. Regis for 5 nights in October 2009. We were in an Executive Deluxe Room. Generally, the hotel is very well appointed and nicely decorated. &quot;Stately&quot; probably best describes the hotel. The hotel's atmosphere is very business-oriented and official. Most guests are dressed for business (suits, jackets, etc..) and, for the most part, the guests seem older. It is not very laid-back or young -- in other words, this is your parents' hotel. In some ways, it is probably not a touristy hotel. None of this is surprising given its location near all of the embassies.Our room was spacious and very comfortable and well organized and clean. There was always fresh fruit and bottled water. However, the décor was a bit dated and some of the fixtures seem worn out -- the underside of the sink cabinet seemed to have a crack. The room lacked some basic information such as details as to the Executive Lounge and butler service. We had to call the front desk to find the location of the Executive Lounge (18th floor) and the hours of operation. There are descriptions on some websites which seems to indicate that the Executive Lounge is open all day with refreshments. That is not the case. We went a couple of times in the morning to find it closed (locked with the lights off). However, there is complimentary morning tea and coffee which the butler service will deliver to the room.The largest disappointment would be the concierge service. The service was very hit or miss. The concierge provided very good advice on our tours to Mutianyu and some of the cultural sites in Beijing. However, there were a couple of mis-steps.First, the staff seemed to push a restaurant across the large street (Jianguomen Outer street) -- the restaurant's name is something along the lines of &quot;Beijing Duck&quot; restaurant. On our first day, we arrived in the late afternoon and wanted a casual lunch. The concierge advised us there were very few places serving lunch so late (about 2 pm). When we arrived, the restaurant was essentially empty (other than perhaps 2 tables). However, it took an extremely long amount of time for us to get our food and the dishes arrived sequentially (about 5-10 mins apart). Even the bowl of white rice we ordered arrived well after our first dish. At times, it was hard to even find the staff -- they were having lunch. Another table received their food much faster and nearly altogether. Overall the food was disappointing as well. While the concierge cannot control the quality of the service or the food, we were surprised the concierge suggested this restaurant. Right next door to the hotel, literally, is a restaurant called GL Café and Restaurant which is open 24 hours a day with great service and food -- we probably ate a majority of our restaurant meals at that place. The concierge suggested the Beijing duck restaurant again another night, but our first day's experience was enough. Second, the staff could have offered some advice on structuring our day. In one instance, we told them we were interested in seeing the Olympic venue -- Bird's Nest and Water Cube. They could have told us to go after 6 p.m. when both stadiums are lit. Not a word. In another instance, we wanted to try QuanJude Roast Duck restaurant -- allegedly the original Peking Duck restaurant. The concierge advised us the restaurant does not take reservations and the optimal time to go would be either before 5 pm or after 9 pm. We took a risk and arrived at 8 pm only to have the restaurant turn us away because they were out of duck (they shut it literally as we were walking up to the door). Given the fame of the restaurant, the concierge should have known and advised us accordingly. Note that my wife is a fluent in Mandarin so not much of the above could be attributable to losing something in translation. Overall, all staff members we encountered were extremely nice and proficient in English which made it easy to navigate. We had a great stay at this hotel and this review is meant to be critical just to point out any &quot;issues&quot; but on the whole, we had an extremely positive experience at this hotel and would book a stay here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Hotel But Not of the Top Calibre I Expect from St Regis	While the hotel was luxurious and comfortably appointed, it didn't WOW me as I expect a St Regis hotel to. The rooms were comfortable and the service was satisfactory and the breakfast was fine, but nothing was standout. And while the St Regis was certainly the most internationally prestigious hotel brand I stayed at during my 3+ week trip to China, Japan and Thailand, this was hardly the most impressive hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	fantastic	The hotel is fantastic, very good location close to the silk market, magnificent rooms whith all kinds of care facilities and superb swimming pool. We recommend it.	
Oct 17 2009 	Highly Recommended	All staff at this hotel was extremely helpful. All spoke great English. Hotel is very modern and cosmopolitan with hints of Chinese culture. Rooms were very spacious, good size walk in wardrobes and even had a TV in the bathroom! Had the butler service but never made use of it. Staff organised our tours as well.A very good size pool and gym. The spa also has 3 Jacuzzi and a chill out area too, well worth the visit. If you are trying Danieli's definitely go for the steak, a friend ordered it and I have to say it was just divine. Only grudge about the restaurant was that my meal came when most of my friends had already finished. However the waitress was very apologetic and did take my meal of the bill and gave us free dessert!Subway was only 5-10 minutes walk and within walking distance to the Silk Market.	
Oct 16 2009 	#1 beijing business property	Having stayed at the property as a regular business traveller since 2002, I'd like to state that this is my 1st written review for the trip advisor. Each and every 2-3 day stay over at this unique property has been nothing short of perfection. Starting from the feature of the personal &quot;butler&quot; service, right down to the doorman and health club attendant, no service detail has been overlooked. Of course there are less expensive properties in the &quot;cap&quot; ... but seriously ... nothing compares ....or catches the attention of the locals better than the phrase &quot;Please book me at the St. Regis &quot; ( AKA BEIJING athletic club ) One of the key points when considering a hotel in Beijing, is location. My business meetings generally take me to the Gold and Platinum zones of the city. At other properties you would be fortunate to reach no more than 1-2 meetings per day. While staying at the St. Regis - I can fit in a meeting in the Xidan district on the same day !So, by choosing the St. Regis, one can be far more efficient in terms of travel times between meetings. I should also mention there was an excellent steak house at the back of the property....which sadly I did not have the chance to enjoy on this most recent visit. In every respect, the extra $ spent inside this property has been an investment in the success of my buusiness. You MUST at some point in your career, give this property a try while visiting Beijing. ( If only for dinner and drinks ! ) Its $$$ well spent. I would suggest to avoid the property or possibly re-schedule a potential stay when there are Head of State visits in the Capitol. Usual security measures are in effect and can at times, be a bit of problem for revenue guests travelling without local VIP plates.	
Oct 10 2009 	Consistency!	As mentioned in a prior review, this is a top of the line business hotel in Beijing. While nowadays most of the 5 star hotels in Beijing are new and therefore all have the comfortable amenities of luxury hotels, it is really refreshing to see that at the St. Regis the staff actually remembers you and your personal likings. It starts from your butler who knows when you want your first coffee in the morning to the restaurant staff who will greet you with your name while getting your eggs the way you want them every day to your table without having to say much. And as these little things are happening in such a consistent and unique way I would definitely rate this hotel higher than most of the other properties which I have stayed at during my many trips to China.No idea how they do it, but it works!	
Oct 7 2009 	Top hotel with great service	This hotel has all the usual appointments and furnishings of a top 5-star hotel but they provide great service with their St Regis Butlers. Almost all of their staff are fluent in English and very helpful. Their airport pick-up service is simply superb. A Beijing airport employee will meet you as you get off the plane, escort you pass the queues, collect your bags and over to a St Regis escort and a driver. Car is usually an Audi A6 with refresher towels, drinks and various reading materials. There's a food and beverage menu for them to call ahead to the hotel, particularly helpful if you're arriving late.Location is OK in the embassy area, about 5 mins walk to a subway station. We stayed at a St Regis suite, separate entrance, living, bedroom with walk-in-robe and ensuite. Two very large LCD screens and a small one built into the mirror of the bathroom. Toilet was Japanese with heating, washing and dryer. Did not have time to check out the gym or pool but had dinner at the Garden Court one night. Very happy with the meal. Breakfast had a good variety as expected from such a hotel.The excellent service and luxurious appointments of this hotel is worth the money and I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Pleasant Stay in a hotel with style	The Hotel is ideally located at the centre of Bejing. It shows style and very good service. Butlers and the employees at the reception were always very helpful. The architecture of the hotel shows style without to show off. Rooms are functional, the restaurants serve excellent food and beverage, especially the Danielis. The swimming pool is very nice and big.	
Sep 28 2009 	Centrally located elegant hotel	The hotel is a bit older. You can tell when you look at the carpets near the elevators. But I thought the rooms were nice and clean. And the service was excellent. Everyone was friendly and helpful. I didn't like how we were followed around in the gym as if they didn't trust us, when we stopped by to check it out. The pool area is very nice even if it's just an indoor pool. We ate the buffet breakfast one morning and it's ridiculously expensive, but what would you expect from the St. Regis? We also ate at the same buffet restaurant for dinner one night as the roads, and local business were closed b/c the government decided they needed practice the National Day parade which was a month away. The food was absolutely terrible, which is shocking for a hotel of this caliber. So be warned, do not eat at the downstairs restaurant!!	
Sep 27 2009 	If only the staff didnt seem to be communist leftovers	This should probably be one of the finest hotels in Beijing and from the looks of it, amenities and rooms it surely is. It goes horribly wrong on service. The English knowledge of the staff is so basic you have to get a butler to your room and try to explain in motions what you want (dont bother trying over the phone); If you have a problem, don't expect another reply than 'sorry sir'. Doesnt in any way give you the 'exclusive and at home' feeling all their booklets claim. Their Italian restaurant is very good, if you don't mind the service...	
Sep 26 2009 	Perfect. Virtually flawless.	An oasis of calm in the sea of hassle that is China...First class property, with excellent staff, and an even better location.As one would expect, there English abilites are beyond reproach as is the staffs concern in ensuring your stay is perfect.	
Sep 22 2009 	a bit disappointing......	Moved to the St. Regis after several nights at the Grand Hyatt. Much to my surprise, I ended up missing the Grand Hyatt. The rooms at the St. Regis are rather small although I was upgraded to a Statesman Suite. Decor of the room looks better in a picture than living there. Desk chair is not a desk chair at all, but a very low side chair. I'm over six feet and had to sit on a pillow to work comfortably. Perhaps the chair they use looks nice, but why not a decent desk chair? The vaunted butler service? When I checked in I was told about breakfast but nothing about an executive lounge or evening hors d'oeuvres. When the butler brought coffee, I asked him. I understood something about the 18th floor. I asked him twice about whether or not they served hors d'oeuvres, food, or snacks in the executive lounge in the evening. He looked puzzled and recommended that I call the operator and ask. He was a most pleasant fellow, but I ran into a much lower level of staff training than I had experienced at the Grand Hyatt.Nice Remede products in the bathroom, but the towels were softer at the Hyatt. Staff at the main desk, concierge, and dining room were pretty aloof...nothing friendly. One morning at 7:00 there were only fifteen eating breakfast in the dining room and the staff seemed lost. One had to stand around for quite a while to be shown a table. No offers of a second pot of coffee. The hotel looks good, but it's not spotless...some of the corners in the room and elevevator looked suspicious. Of course this is all being mentioned against a very high standard, but this St. Regis is certainly not at the level of the St. Regis Hotels in Singapore or New York. After two days I missed the location, the large rooms,and the much more attentive service of the Grand Hyatt.	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect hotel	While not in the very centre of Beijing, taxi are very cheap so no problem at all.Beijing St. Regis is simply perfect, from the lobby to the room, to the great pool to amazing breakfast. Quality, class, elegance, it has all.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent Service and Amenities	The quality of service and exceptional staff are what make this St. Regis stand out. Every single contact I had with staff was of the highest order. The gym - and especially the pool - are luxurious and large, and the lobby bar and sitting area are five-star all the way. The rooms are very well-appointed, with especially nice (deep) baths.This is all about understated elegance and class. If you want the &quot;hot&quot; factor, you might look for a trendier space with a bit more drama and excitement. But if you like old-fashioned luxury, professionalism and unparalleled service and luxury, stay here.	
Sep 11 2009 	A fine hotel. Highly recommend.	I stayed at the St Regis for 5 nights recently. From start to finish, everything was superb. I highly recommend this property for the service, location, service, gym, and service. You get the point.As usual for me in my reviews, the Good, Bad, and UglyThe Good- The service. From the doormen to the wait staff and housecleaning, the team was well trained to take care of every request.- The room. I stayed in room 1806 overlooking the front of the hotel. The view was nice while the room was immaculate. The amenities were superb from the bathroom with a deep soaking tub and standing shower to the walk-in closet with every extra you could think of including a safe, extra power cables capable of multiple power plug-in (UK, Europe, US, etc.), shoe bags, potpourri to freshen hanging clothes.- Housekeeping. Each time I returned to my room, I had fresh(er) towels, a bowl of fruit, refreshed bottles of water, etc. Without a doubt, the best housekeeping I have ever had.- Workout facilities. The gym and pool area were excellent, both being of large size and well maintained. The gym had countless pieces of equipment and enough room for everyone in the hotel! The staff there were also nice.- Lobby bar. Nice, comfortable sitting area with drinks and food offerings. Staff attentive and understood how to pour a beverage.- Working room on 18th floor - the executive lounge. I had access to this lounge that provided a nice working area. Included in the room were drinks of choice and some finger food. - Breakfast buffet. An offering that would suit most tastes. It will be your own fault if you leave hungry.- Location. In the center of embassy row with many embassies within a 5 minute walk.  The Bad- I'm grasping at straws here.....- One afternoon I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken and was surprised to find chicken on the bone in the salad.......- Breakfast staff. On a couple mornings I found that they were overly interested in us signing our checks. Specifically, one morning the staff must have come to the table 5 times in less than 10 minutes to check to see if we signed. I didn't understand and thought it was odd.The Ugly- Nothing.Again, I was very impressed with this property and would stay again without hesitation. Of course, the hotel service has a price but I found everything summed together that the value was high. Do yourself a favor and look into the St Regis when making plans to Beijing.Enjoy.Jeremy	
Sep 6 2009 	I couldn't have been happier	I've been to 100 countries and many Starwood hotels. This is probably the best facility and most gracious service staff I have ever experienced. It seemed everyone was standing by to straighten my napkin during breakfast or to bring fresh towels immediately to the room.When checking in the wall safe had a &quot;glitch&quot; and I thought (oh no...here we go). Within just minutes a man was up with the special key to straighten everything out...then he asked me if I wanted some more ice while he was on the floor.By the way, staying at the Sheraton Skyline in Heathrow Airport London is just the opposite. Horrible !!! Don't ever stay there.Thanks to the Beijing St. Regis staff my stay in Beijing was PERFECT.	
Aug 30 2009 	A first class centrally located Beijing hotel	I was travelling on business and therefore efficiency is very important to me. The airport collection was excellent and very efficient. There was collected at the arrival gate, whisked through immigration and taken to a car that was waiting for me. At the hotel I was checked in in a matter of seconds and taken directly to me room. The staff are very efficient and courteous. Nothing is too much trouble. All round an excellent hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	An Oasis in Chaoyang	Yes, Beijing has more than a few excellent hotels, and I've stayed in most of them. Never again. The St Regis will always be my home away from home in Beijing. The facilities are beautiful: pool, steam room, sauna, hot tub, cold plunge, bowling alley, several restaurants, and more. The staff are sincere, friendly, and attentive. The only thing I could be critical of is the limited hours of the Executive Club (at least on the weekends when I was there). Surely a light continental breakfast in the morning is appropriate for a hotel of this caliber. But we're splitting hairs, here. Keep an eye out for their 3-nights-for-the-price-of-2 specials. Can't go wrong.	
Aug 25 2009 	The place you should stay when you visit Beijing	My brother and me stayed in 3 differnent 5 star hotels during our visit Beijing this August. We think the St. Regis Beijing is the best because of its different taste and different service. We are expecting to go back and stay there longer in the future.	
Aug 24 2009 	The only reason why i rated it very good was that i was not with my wife and we only stayed one night!	Exceptional Hotel. Being a committed Starwood member i have had the opportunity to stay in many of Starwood's luxury properties around the world. In summary, look forward to my next trip to Beijing for an extended stay.Keep up the good work.	
Aug 24 2009 	The Only Choice for Luxury and Relaxation in Beijing	Just completed a FIVE night stay at the beautiful and luxurious St. Regis Beijing Hotel. As a Platinum member, I was immediately upgraded to a large suite and extended several warm amenities (e.g., 7 free articles of pressing, bottled water, late checkout, free breakfast, etc). This was my first trip to Beijing and the hotel did much to make my stay as comfortable as possible.As you may expect, there is much to appreciate and love about the St. Regis: 1) EXCELLENT LOCATION - Numerous restaurants and bars within walking distance, and a short cab ride away to many of the key attractions in the city. Since it's in the embassy area, it is a quiet respite from the hustle and bustle of the city and also feels much safer 2) BEAUTIFUL, CLEAN DOCOR - A gorgeous lobby and easy to navigate hotel; supremely clean rooms and common areas, 3) HELPFUL STAFF - Unlike some hotels, here there were always plenty of people to help answer questions - we ended up booking a tour through the hotel with an excellent English speaking guide. They also helped write directions for cab drivers in Chinese (critical!) and hailed taxis for us quickly, 4) WORLD CLASS FACILITIES - Probably the largest and most impressive hotel gym and pool area for a city hotel I have ever seen - with nice touches like free bottled water and a towel at every machine. Also an 8 lane, 10-pin bowling center that is way underused, squash court, basketball hoop, pool tables, etc, 5) BEAUTIFUL LOUNGE - With free Internet and happy hour food and drinks each evening.Our stay was not without several hiccups - admittedly because my standards of travel are very high, especially for luxury hotels. My main complaint for the hotel is that communication to guests needs to be more accurate and more proactive. There were several gaps in this area - such as not being told about the lounge or free Internet in the lounge upon check-in, being charged for items we assumed were included, and not being notified when a package arrived for us at the hotel. I also noticed some small things - such as in the gym where the staff trainers would often congregate at the front counter rather than walk around to see how they could help or if someone needed another water bottle. I expressed these concerns during my stay in an email to the general manager, Cary Gray, and immediately received a very courteous reply and sincere apologies for the lack of accurate communication and service. Cary made sure to promptly adjust charges on our bill that were caused by the misunderstandings and his staff brought nice amenities to our room and apologized for what happened. I've never received that type of prompt attention to my concerns at any property and Cary and his team have definitely won my business for future stays. Cary reassured me that my feedback would be incorporated in training and staff improvements and I am confident in his team's ability to provide the best possible service.It's thus with great pleasure that I highly recommend the St. Regis Beijing. If anything, the hotel really undersells their value - I had no idea pre-booking or even after check-in about the amenities in the lounge, the enormous size of the gym, or that there was even a bowling alley on the premises. I can't imagine staying elsewhere the next time I'm in Beijing and hope you will give the hotel a try as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Very positive experience	The hotel is very well located, nestled within a number of embassies and parks but close to major shopping and sites of historic interest.Rooms were well appointed, the spa and pool facilities are excellent and made for a good break from sightseeing.The proximity of Ratin park also helps provide activities for young kids. Numerous excellent restaurants are also near by to allow for that convenient dinner.	
Aug 24 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in Beijing!	The St. Regis are always better cost/performance &amp; provacy than the other 5 star hotel chain, and customer quality is far better than the others.It will be always my first choice when the room rate similar to Westin or Intercontinental.	
Aug 24 2009 	Best Starwood Hotel so far	Stayed at the St. Regis for four nights at the beginning of a trip to China, have been to Shanghai (Royal Meridian) and Changchun (Shangri-la) and chose to return to the St. Regis again for four nights on the way back to Abu Dhabi. Of all the Starwood hotels I have stayed in, the St. Regis, Beijing is by far the best in terms of hospitality and attention to detail. Although the location is not the best and the Bar is VERY dissapointing the rest of the experience is as close to perfect that one can get.	
Aug 21 2009 	Highly recommended	Exceeded expectations, even for a St Regis. Our room was large, comfortable, and clean. The pool and fitness center are among the largest I have ever seen at an in-city hotel. Staff were helpful and friendly without the feeling of omnipresent and stuffy over-service. Snacks in the concierge lounge were remarkably creative and special. The few glitches we had were fixed quickly. The location is near the leafy old diplomatic quarter (but note, not the US embassy), not close walking distance to any of the major tourist sites, but taxis are easily available and the subway is a ten-minute walk away. A branch of the Duck King (Ya Wang) restaurant is located around the corner on Jianguomen Avenue.Breakfast is expensive (&gt; US$30/pp !) so be sure to understand whether it is included in your room rate or not. (is it included if you book the stay with Starwood points? What if you are a gold or platinum member? Everyone told us yes except the only person who counted, i.e., the front desk clerk holding my credit card at check out, who eventually agreed to remove the charge from our bill)Overall, though, an outstanding experience. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic	Fantastic hotel, close to shops, bars, restaurants. Very friendly staff and fantastic service. Rooms are tidy, clean and the overall experience was awesome.Look forward to staying there again.	
Aug 11 2009	outstanding service quality facilities and an easy relaxing atmosphere	would highly recommend this hotel....great location, outstanding service, first class facilities and a very frienly and relaxing atmosphere.	
Aug 11 2009 	beyound expectations	From the moment we arrived at the hotel our experience in Beijing was lifted to a new level, my room which was a suite could not have been better.the facilities were all first class from the bowling to the pool not to mention the change room facilities.all in all a first class experience that i will be talking about for some time.Thank you	
Aug 11 2009	Absolutley Amazing 6 Star	This is the best hotel i have ever stayed in. The staff are amazing every single staff member went out of their way to ensure your stay was comfortable from hailing cabs to laundry service.The rooms are spacious,&amp; extremley clean.The facilities of the hotel are second to noneTen Pin Bowling Alley, Fantastic bars &amp; restaurants, massive indoor pool, elfresco dining, Relaxing lounge areas I dont have a bad thing to say about The St Regis Beijing they have taken Hotel accomodation to another level 6 Star for meWell done	
Aug 5 2009 	Perfection!	We just completed a 3 day stay at the St. Regis Beijing, and it was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. As a former road warrior who regularly spent 150+ days a year in top end hotels, the St. Regis Beijing was remarkable in the all respects. The rooms had first rate finishes that were in excellent repair. The benefit of little things like waste baskets in exactly the right place and light switches where you expected to find them are hard to measure, but are absolutely key to making one feel at home.The staff are uniformly well trained and I applaud the person who built the team. My wife and i arrived unknowingly in the dining room at 10:30 AM on a Sunday, 30 minutes after the end of the breakfast buffet. Instead of turning us away, the hostess seated us and told us that despite the end of the breakfast buffet, that she would bring us the regular breakfast menu and she would cancel the charges since our room rate also included breakfast. In many other properties, we would have received the too bad so sad song, and a bill. It is these &quot;great staff moments&quot; that make the difference between a 5 star hotel and a 6 star.The hotel is easily accessible by taxi and is only a short walk from the subway. It is located close to everything, yet far enough away that one can stroll in the garden after dinner without having to shout over the hum of the city.I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Indulgent spectacular decadent; Best SPG in Beijing	I stayed in a Diplomatic Room and it was the most spectacular room I have ever seen in my life. It even had a walk in wallrobe! There is some normal aging in the hotel, but this is only a minor issue. The attention to detail is astounding, I loved the tiles in the entrance and the bathroom, the Kohler sink, the hidden tap on the bathtub, the patterned carpet, the TV behind the bathroom mirror. It is also one of the few hotels in Beijing with a great view (see photos). I have now stayed at pretty much all the SPG hotels in Beijing and this is the best - also the most expensive. I would rate them in the following order: 1. St Regis2. Westin Chaoyang3. Westin Financial St4. Sheraton5. AloftWhile the Westins are newer, they lack the attention to detail and the service of staff. Staff's English is best at the St Regis. The location is also the best for tourists and business people alike. However, in terms of value, I paid about 20% for my St Regis room than my Westin Chaoyang room. No one will be disappointed with the Westin, but the 20% is for the extra indulgence...The gym and pool are also incredible, and importantly are 24 hours. I swam in the 25 m pool alone at 1am and soaked in the jacuzzi. The bed was the most comfortable I have EVER experienced at a hotel, with a simple set up that only has 1 piece! compared to the complicated 5/6 pieces on a Westin Heavenly bed. (See photo of bed!) In fact I would love to know how to buy this bed for home..One negative note: two particular staff ruined my stay:1. One day at the pool i was wearing a t-shirt and swimmers, and I just wanted to put my legs in the jacuzzi so I didnt take my t-shirt off. The pool attendant was freaked out by this, and was clearly concerned that I didnt understand the basic rules of not wearing tshirts into the jacuzzi. As a result, in my 10 minutes soaking my legs, the attendant stood there the whole time LOOKING AT ME. This made me extremely uncomfortable. 2. One night I was taking photos of the spectacular lobby, only to be approached by the bell man telling me that I am not allowed to take photos as they own the copyright to the design of the lobby. I thought that was ridiculous, but I said in my broken mandarin that i was &quot;no big deal&quot;, meaning that i didnt care that much, I wasnt trying to steal anyone's copyright. Then he said, No, It IS A BIG DEAL, you have to delete all your photos. Then he stood there to force me to delete the two photos I took. Frankly he made me feel like a criminal. If there is a policy that people can't take photos of the lobby, then fine, but you cannot speak to your guests like that; he showed me no respect.I guess if you are a Chinese looking person you may not be treated quite as well as a foreigner. Those two experiences were a bit disappointing but I would still give it a 5 rating given how amazing the hotel was, and those two experiences probably not happen to the average foreigner.	
Jul 18 2009 	Best hotel in Beijing	Service was perfectly balanced-not intruding but always there. The stately feel of the hotel and rooms are an uplifting experience and the location is superb.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best splurge in Beijing	We chose to splurge on a hotel for the last 2 days of our trip in China, and we got a screaming deal on the St. Regis. The only place I've stayed that is nicer is the Four Seasons on Hawaii. The St. Regis experience was delightful and decadent. The pool was a refreshing oasis in the heat of the summer. The staff was extremely attentive and always helpful. The butler service is a very nice touch - we enjoyed waking up to fresh green tea and french pressed coffee. The location is very convenient for leisure and business travelers and is just minutes from the subway. We ate two meals there, lunch was very good, breakfast was only so-so. The beds must be the softest in China, and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The exercise facility is great, as is the pool. This hotel thinks of your every need and attends to it. If it fits your budget, I recommend this hotel to anyone who can afford it.	
Jul 12 2009 	Amazing 2 Nights with impeccable service!	My husband and I are lucky to travel frequently and stay in many hotels (Many are Starwood) and we were thrilled we chose to stay at the St. Regis for his 50th birthday. The entire staff were attentive, friendly and always ready to assist. Our butler was very helpful too. We had breakfast both morning which is a bit pricey as usual at these hotels but it was really great (but when they say they close at 10:30 on Sunday it means the food disappears at that time so don't show up at 10:25 as we saw others doing only to be disappointed). Everywhere we went my husband was told &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;. It seems the staff actually reads notes that are in the computer and takes the time to remember who you are. Amazing! The birthday cake that was in our room when we returned that evening was a wonderful touch! The communication prior to our stay was also stellar! We were upgraded and our room was wonderful. The internet worked so easily and was only $12 for 24 hours which is not bad. I highly recommend you stay here!	
Jul 7 2009 	First Class	The hotel was very clean, comfortable and elegant. The staff was very friendly and their english was a big help. The services and spa were simple to use and reasonably priced. The fitness center was excellent and spacious. The pool was large, clean and underused. The drinks in the lobby were expensive, 40 rmb for a Tsingtao beer. The same beer was 4 rmb across the street at the 7/11. The food was very good. I would stay there again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Elegance in the heart of Beijing	Spent a couple of nights here on a business trip in April 2009. Very comfortable hotel with great staff and service. Also the best breakfast buffet (in the sense of having the widest range of cuisines) I have ever seen.	
Jun 18 2009	very good hotel	hotel is huge and all services are granted on excellence bases.I tried a couple of internal restaurant and I foud all good even if the Japanese one is ... too much Chinese !!in general, but in common with the area, I didn't found the staff confortable with the English tongue (excluded the rfont desk of course), but this in some cases could be considered a point of honor ...	
Jun 8 2009 	best in beijing you pay for it but worth it fantastic	just great, wonderful rooms, service, limo from airport, spa area is great. pool great. just faultless, it costs but well worth it if you can afford. upgraded to wonderful junior suite with butler service. nice touch with free tea and coffee with your wake up call and had my shoes shined at the same time also, all for free.	
Jun 3 2009 	Gorgeous Shining Star in Beijing	I had a beautiful suite at this hotel and the room was gorgeous. This was after the entire remodeling form several months ago. The staff was attentive and courteous... ever helpful. the food and room service were impeccable. the hotel was a welcome oasis in Beijing after a long day out in the city and a day hiking the great wall. I would gladly recommend this to others and look forward to the day I can stay there again. Health club and spa was amazing. Wifi is a bit expensive.	
Jun 1 2009 	If given the choice and budget fits hands down stay here!	My brother and I were here for a business conference and leisure stay combined. We arrived a few days prior to the rest of the group to acclimate from the jet lag and to get at least a day of adventure on our own. Since the group trip was staying at this resort, we figured we'd stay here, but not after researching some other hotels online. We ended up in a smaller room for the first two nights, but it was hardly a disappointment. Upon arriving we were greeted with all smiles and I received two dozen roses! Beijing is known for their roses apparently... we were escorted by two butlers to our room. The room was not extremely large but did not feel crowded by any means. There were two small beds, but everything was quite luxurious. The first day we slept to catch up on the time and then ventured out the next day. Everything seemed only a quick cab ride or walk away - cabs were inexpensive and the hotel staff was quite helpful to write down the destination on our hotel cards so the drivers knew where to take us. When we finally moved rooms for the group portion of the trip, we were blown away! It was a two bedroom suite with large entryway and grandiose master bath with walkin closet. Everything was absolute perfection! Service was bar none. Food was wonderful with so many options - but we mostly were doing buffett style with the large group. Gym and fitness area were a huge plus as I am a triathlete and was training for a Half-Ironman and needed to keep up my workout regimine. The pool was large and had the lane lines available, and there were actually spinning bikes as well as most other equipment you find in many gyms (which I find doesn't usually happen at a &quot;hotel gym&quot;). They also had an 8 lane bowling alley that ran to 11 pm with pool table to boot! So it was great for some &quot;in-house&quot; entertainment after dinner. Again, I cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel and it's curteous staff. I would highly recommend this resort - family, business travel, personal/leisure. They have something for everyone and are eager to please. :)	
May 27 2009 	A most pleasurable stay	It's always a pleasure to return to the St Regis in Beijing. A great location and an absolutely fantastic property. It's been recently renovated and the common areas are very luxurious. Of course the service, with their very efficient butlers, is discreet and professional. The rooms are plush and well appointed and the renovated restaurants complement the hotel's style. I really enjoyed the gym and the huge indoor pool/spa - not to be missed!	
Apr 10 2009 	Favorite Hotel in China!	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the St. Regis in Beijing last month and we loved every thing about the hotel. The location is perfect, the staff can't be beat, and the rooms are awesome.When we checked in, I showed them my Starwood member card and the concierge gave me a card showing &quot;extras&quot; like complimentary Evian and free pressings for members. There's a butler on every floor that looks after all your needs. We were constantly going to the concierge desk with &quot;tourist&quot; questions and every suggestion they made was perfect. They pretty much planned out the details of our Great Wall excursion. This St. Regis probably has the best concierge staff of any hotel I have ever stayed in, just can't say enough about them.The front lobby is extremely impressive and has a nice bar and lounge area. Our room was on the 12th floor facing East towards the financial district. It was the biggest room we had on our entire trip with a walk-in closet and really nice bathroom. There's actually a TV screen in one of the bathroom mirrors so you can watch from the bath tub! Very impressive. I don't normally notice or care about decorations in hotel rooms, but our room had many nice furnishings and pictures on the wall.The business center &amp; staff were really helpful and the gym was enormous. We did not eat at any of the hotel's restaurants, but we did take advantage of their &quot;picnic lunch&quot; option for our day at the great wall and the food was excellent. The next time I am in Beijing I will definitely stay at the St. Regis again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Why would you stay anywhere else?	My husband and I just got back from staying 6 nights at the St. Regis Beijing and we couldn't have been happier with our accomidations. It was a business trip so we didn't pick the hotel, but I have to say it's the best one we've been put in by my husband's company. It's right across from the embassy and there are guards everywhere, you really feel safe in that location, even walking at night there. When we arrived after our 13 hour flight I was greeted with a beautiful bouquet of orange tulips. Once in the room we decided the hotel was better then we first thought upon arrival. You enter a marble foyer with a large bathroom off of it. The rooms are spacious with an actual walk in closet. There is plenty of storage in there. The bed was extra comfy to us. In the bathroom there is seperate marble shower and deep tub, 2 sinks and mirrors, and within one of the mirrors is a tv.The service was impecable. Not only do you have butler on each floor but the rest of the staff was so friendly and helpful. They seemed to go out of their way for you and definitely didn't expect anything in return since tipping isn't customary in Beijing. I didn't used the gym and pool but I did take a peek. It looked really nice. My husband on the other hand raved about it since he used both every day we were there. There is also a bowling alley that is a lot of fun to use while there. For some reason bowling in another country is more fun.I can't say enough good things about this hotel. It's close to shopping, Starbucks is across the street, and next door is this great eatery called GL (I'm talking excellent Chinese food for cheap). Although most sites you may want to visit aren't walking distance they aren't far, it seems Beijing isn't really a walking city.	
Feb 10 2009 	Oustanding rooms great breakfast great romantic getaway	Outstanding experience. I booked a executive deluxe room through Expedia and was quite delighted with the hotel. The room was probably the best I have stayed in, excelent, very good taste in the refurbishment and I liked the lighting and TV sets, plus the very well furbished bathroom. The gym and pool were very good, good ambiance and water temperature. I liked the detail of a drying machine at the changing room.Location was quiet, we used a lot the subway to visit the forbidden city, the heaven temple and other places. Definitely to recommend	
Jan 21 2009 	Superb service	We stayed here in Beijing in one of the apartments at the hotel for 6 weeks. Sheer bliss, the service at this hotel is wonderful, the staff are super attentive and cannot do enough for you. We arrived late on a Satruday night / Sunday morning from Dubai and were whisked by a hotel car from the airport with zero fuss and maximum comfort. Our first apartment wasn't quite correct, there was a problem with the air conditioning over heating the property. However, we were moved immediately to a larger apartment where the air conditioning was working correctly with no quibble and no additional charges. The breakfast buffet is simply amazing for the range of food on offer: Chinese, European and American tastes are all catered for. Thoroughly recommended.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good but can improve	I’m a frequent traveler to China and this time I stayed by my own over the weekend in Beijing after a business trip. The international luxury hotels brands as St Regis, Four Seasons, etc seem to be having a hard time beating the local competence in China. It’s definitely not easy, you can find brand new four star hotels with very similar installations and similar location for half price, and service in China is on average very good. The difference can only be a search for perfection that I did not find in St Regis. Given that the management of the hotel takes the interest in reading these reviews, here are some examples where they can improve:I had booked a Statesman Suite. As SPG member I was informed that I could NOT be upgraded as the statesman suite is the upper lever you can be upgraded, i.e. if you book a room for 1300Rmb you are upgraded to one for which I paid some 2300Rmb but if you pay 2300Rmb you are not upgraded to the next level that If I do not remember wrongly cost those days some 2600Rmb. Interesting. The staff in reception directly suggested that next time I should book the cheapest room and then I’ll be upgraded. (!!). At the end I was upgraded. (even when the next level of rooms where “full” when I started the discussion and suddenly one appeared free)In the first room the bathtub has some stains (imagine from the recent redecoration of the hotel). I asked to be changed. Again “that was the last room”, 30 min later they found other similar room (and these means there were at least two). I had the sensation in both occasions that the staff was treating me as a troublemaker that wanted to push them for upgrades. I do not need to do that. I asked for the FT weekend. The main interest of the receptionist was to make clear it was not going to be for free (I never asked for that). I know that it arrives in Beijing around afternoon but my I was a bit strange when at 1400 I had not received it and I had confirmed with the reception they did not have it. I went for a coffee to the main hall and… the FT weekend was in the bookshop. A small detailed that ruined what I consider a good Saturday morning. Breakfast in room reading FT. Some (most) of the restaurants were closed over the weekend. I tried the Japanese one. The temperature of the fish was well above the level it should be, almost frozen. You can find better Japanese restaurants in Beijing with similar prices. (eg. In the Grand Hyatt).The spa and gym are good. I personally did not like having to go to a different building through a chilly corridor.I tried to call room service around 2am one of the days. No one answered in more than 20 minutes (someone was taking a good sleep)Overall, the hotel is good and the rooms totally renovated (average size for Asia but with a gorgeous bathtub) but for Chinese standards what I saw there was nothing special. Perfection is about details and there is where St Regis failed.	
Jan 10 2009 	not the best location	Nice hotel, classic room decor, similar to other St Regis hotels. Big objection was to location, in embassy district, no good local restaurants. Yes, it is close to the silk market, but the pearl market offers better goods at cheaper prices and the sellers don't hound you nearly as bad. It is a 2-3$ taxi ride away.We stayed at Raffles on the second trip, they included breakfast, and are one block from Tianamen and the forbidden city.	
Dec 29 2008 	Terrible St Regis Beijing	i have stayed 2 nights at the st regis beijing from 25th to 27th dec in room 1522. I wished to describe my experience.It was one of the worst hotel that i have ever stayed: reason being the attitude of the staff(some.. not all)i was going back to my room one day from shopping at the silk market. I asked one of the staff near the lift, the location of the health club. The staff scanned me and the cheap looking plastic bag of clothes i was holding and rudely asked me where did i came from. I politely told him i was a hotel guest but he gave me a despised look.thereafter, he rudely told me the way to the health club.i know i went shopping for clothes at a cheap place but i think i did not warrant the kind of despised looks that the staff had given us. My friend who was with me felt exactly the same way too.That day, i almost wanted to leave the hotel but after paying a bomb for the room, i stayed on.there seems to be a differentiation of treatment for foreign western guests as compared to local chinese( i am from singapore). they were all smiles and everybody seems to be extra helpful to them. Nobody was at the door to hail us a cab when we wanted to go somewhere.there were missed reservations at the restaurants that we had asked the conierge to book.The bed i had was also creaky and was not &quot;balanced&quot;. when u lie on one side of the bed, the other side would move. just like a seesaw. When your partner moves, you will greatly feel the movements.However, the service for some of the staff are quite good. For example, the doormen who not only spoke excellent english, but was very helpful. We only see him in the day.The butler and telephone operators were very friendly too.But if given a choice, would i go to st regis beijing again? I dont think so. The hotel should learn from regent beijing( the beds are nice and not creaky and service is excellent) The aman @summer palace service is out of the world and is one of the best i had ever experienced.for the value of money for this hotel... please stay elsewhere. the regent beijing is excellent in every ways.	
Nov 21 2008 	Wonderful St Regis	My husband and I recently stayed at the beautiful St. Regis, Beijing.We did not see this hotel before the renovation but loved what we did see.We stayed in a beautiful suite, well furnished, impeccably clean with all available amenities. We were greeted with graciousness as we stepped out of the taxi by the concierge who spoke excellent English and handled luggage,check-in etc with professionalism.We did not encounter any language issue and in fact found the front desk staff so willing to help us book tours, navigate the city on our own as well as translate many English directions into Chinese so that we would be spared any difficulties explaining ourselves in a foreign taxi.We dined in the hotel, had a spectacular buffet one evening for dinner (do not read American style buffet) this was a classy meal, enjoyed a wonderful Italian meal in Danieli's and found breakfast and other light meals ordered from room service to be on time, well presented, correct and hot !!We slept well in the beautiful bed, appreciated the clean lovely linen, found the bathroom clean and well stocked with fluffy towels and other essentials and were delighted by the butler.( Is this a treat ??)This was a very special experience. The staff were well trained, discreet and so very helpful to English-speaking westerners.This was our first trip to China and we were so delighted by the amazing sights, the delicious food, the helpful people and of course our stay at the St. Regis. Thank you for wonderful hospitality.	
Oct 13 2008 	Pretty good hotel but not quite there yet	Stayed for three nights in September 2008 in a Premier Room. The hotel has recently been renovated and the rooms are indeed pretty nice. The lobby is impressive and the hotel has a nice swimming pool. Yet there are serious language problems. I know this is China and that I cannot expect all staff to be fluent in English but if they advertise that your personal butler can take care of anything, you would expect that the Butlers would at least have a basic grasp of the English language. I had serious problems making myself understood; for instance I asked the Butler to get me the telephone number for the Cathay Pacific airline office in China; this turned out to be a major problem as they had never heard of Cathay Pacific and could not understand what it I needed; after a long time, the Concierge finally managed to get me a telephone number, which turned out to be the number for the Central Reservation office of Starwood Hotels in Asia. The St.Regis could be a great hotel if the staff was properly trained.	
Sep 10 2008 	Super hotel in great part of Beijing	This is a beauftiful hotel and well worth the price. Basic room is around $300. It is in a great part of Beijing and easy walk to Silk Alley (best market in town). Lots of nice restaurants. I have spent alot of time in China and highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 7 2008	Great location though rooms need renovating	Great location and excellent service. However if you are particular about the rooms, this may be disappointing. The insides and furniture (decor) were old for a 5star hotel as was the bathroom.	
Jan 27 2008 	Great hotel	This was an expenses paid business trip, and it was a delight to stay at this wonderful hotel. The butler brought fruit daily, changed towels and made the room several times throughout the day, and the location is convenient for one of the Embassy districts. Subway is walkable down the street.	
Nov 11 2007	both the location and the service can't be beat	After traveling throughout China for some time we wanted a comfortable, tranquil place for our final six days in Beijing -- and the St. Regis was perfect! The location is wonderful, close to Tien'anmen, but not smothered by the institutional dullness that surrounds the Square, central to other sites, and directly on the subway line. I understand the hotel is closing soon for renovations prior to next summer's Olympics and it can only get better. Service, staff, etc. were all first class -- eg. the excellent doorman saved us more than $50 by renegotiating the rate we'd arranged for a car and driver for a day. The only minor drawback was the absurd cost of laundry, the mini bar, and in-hotel dining (not unlike five-star hotels everywhere). Fortunately there are better options just outside the door. The hotel is located very close to many embassies and directly across the street is a small street filled with restaurants that cater to diplomats and ex-pats: an American diner, and Italian restaurant, etc. A number of these are surprisingly good. There's also a 7-11 and a Starbucks across the street, and an excellent massage parlour just a block south -- real massage, no funny business. I went the day after our five-hour trek along the Great Wall at Simatai/Badaling, and it completely rejuvenated me! The only hotel restaurant we ate in was the Celestial Court (the Chinese Restaurant) and the Peking Duck was wonderful, although the restaurant was surprisingly empty and quiet. The Silk Market is a five minute walk, and if you're looking for quiet respite step into Ritan Park just a block from the hotel's front door. It's like stepping into a 15th century Chinese watercolour! I cannot imagine a better location in Beijing. Unless the Starwood folks raise the rates to absurd levels after the Olympics I will definitely stay there again when in Beijing.	
Oct 10 2007 	great rest after a long flightthis is THE hotel	Travel agent got a great deal, included airport pick up, a massage, massive buffet breakfast. After the long flight from the US it was great to have someone meet you at the airport. Love the hotel atmosphere, not stuffy, looks very galmourous website. Jeans were o.k.! Most people were touring like us, dressed casually. Hotel desk arranged for day trips, reasonable and good guides. Plenty to see and do in the area. Don't think its too far out. Spa and pool are worth the trip down the hallway, hotel staff very nice at 3:am when I was hungry. Would go there again and highly recommend this hotel. No faults.	
Oct 6 2007 	You know what you get	I stayed there for 4 days and i would say that the staff are very friendly and that the service is as good as it can get in China today. The bar at the entrance is lovely and so is the live asian music they play. Although its a really classic hotel and with mainly older guests i really had a good experience but next time in Beijing i will try something more &quot;fresh&quot; with younger people.	
Aug 21 2007	Lovely hotel	We stayed in a suite (check the special offers they may have on their website) with breakfast buffet included. The room was lovely and well equipped. The fitness center is state of the art. The butler service sounds more impressive than it is -- do I really need someone to draw my bath? But service with or without butler is excellent.There is absolutely nothing within walking distance of the hotel except the Friendship Store and the obligatory Starbucks and Haagen Dazs (two within walking distance of every five-star hotel we stayed in in China), but that is typical of most hotels in Beijing, which is spread out and not much of a walking city. (The Pennisula is one exception.) The Beijing St. Regis is not a memorable hotel, but it is a lovely place to stay in Beijing.	
Jul 16 2007	Beijing or bust	Just returned from 4 night stay at the St RegisOverall, I would give the hotel a 3.5 star rating, out of 5. I thought our room was great as far as size goes, and the bathroom had large shower and soaker tub. Moreover, we always felt we were in a luxurious surroundings while at the hotelAs for the butler service, we called the night we arrived to have some ironing done but had to call repeatedly before someone came to our room. I suspect that this service is shared with other rooms. The downside of the hotel is the food - one restaurant, Danieli, is voted one of the best Italian restaurants in Beijing and I thought the food was not bad, for Beijing but pricey. The other food that was served, either at the buffet or in room service was pretty lousy -The gym is quite large but feels very retro, with 70s style cycles and elliptical machines.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great service less value	Service was superb during our 6-day stay at the St. Regis, the concierge even offering to send a bellman to an all-night pharmacy to get some medication for one of us with the &quot;Beijing cough&quot;. The spread for our included breakfast was magnificent, and included surely more than 100 items (although this is mainly for the eyes of those of us who limit breakfast food to the mundane). The rooms were large and well furnished, as befits a hotel in this price range, but the overall value causes us to lower our rating a bit. Internet access was way overpriced, but we would consider any significant charge for such service excessive at $400 a night for the room. The dining on the main floor was likewise exorbitant in relation to prices outside. Dinner for $30-40 seems reasonable in the States, but when you can have a magnificent 8-dish meal for $2 or $3 in a local restaurant, the ambiance at St. Regis is costly. Having said that, this is a great hotel to which we would probably return.A warning to first time visitors to China: you will not believe the amount of pollution in the eastern third of the country. During our 22-day stay, visibility of one mile was unusual through the smog, and on 5 separate flights, we could never see the ground from the air after leaving the airports. On most days you could look directly at the sun at 10 in the morning, and you can forget seeing the stars at night. We suggest a trip in 2008 during the Olympic Games, during which we suspect the government will shut down all the polluting factories and power plants to impress the rest of the world.	
Mar 16 2007 	A "happy" island	Nice place where to stay: quiet, helpful staff, very comfortable rooms. Didn't like the food. Internet in the business center is far too expensive.	
Mar 2 2007 	Outstanding.	My wife and I travelled to Beijing for four nights in Feb 07. We had so far had an awful trip, I had forgotten some of my camera equipment at home, and our connecting flight from London out of Helsinki was delayed 4 hours, making our journey to Beijing 20 hours. There was an epic queue at immigration in Beijing airport, needless to say I was not in the mood, and at this point it would have taken a lot to impress me.Nevertheless I was impressed.The whole horror of the trip so far melted away when I saw the St Regis Hotel Representative (we had pre-arranged to be picked up by the hotel, the price was 500RMB (about £33), and was well worth it, might I add that even pre-booking via email was easy, the emails were quickly returned, and Michelle who was answering them was courteous, professional and wrote perfect English). Even though the flight had come in 4 hours late they had monitored the flight and were there to meet us.He was smartly dressed and carried a huge green and gold sign with the St Regis crest on it. He introduced himself and took our bags. We went out to the parking lot, where the driver had already brought the car to the elevators, and was waiting beside a spotless black Audi A6, trunk open to receive our luggage.The doors were opened either side for us, the representative said goodbye, and the driver took us back to the hotel. As we cruised down the highway, in piece and quiet, I thought to myself even if this had cost double it would have been worth it.We arrived and walked into the spacious white marble lobby, the decor was grand but very tasteful, the Interior designer must have been superb. Every piece of furniture was beautiful and expertly placed. Everything about the space oozed calmness and tranquillity, it was impeccable.Our room key was all prepared and we headed up to the 11th floor. Incidentally when you stay in a lot of quality hotels you notice the little things, for example at the St Regis, there was always an elevator waiting, doors open on the ground floor. And it is the elevator car that you would see first as you walked away from the front desk. Its a small thing, but the attention to detail while missed by most was not wasted on me, it show that someone really put thought into everything.Even the elevator was remarkable, decked out in dark hard-wood, and warmly lit.The room may have been small, but it was easily big enough. How big do you want it?, it wasn't at all cramped and had a king sized bed. The mattress was of extremely high quality, down filled duvet and pillows, and cotton linen of the highest quality. I would say Egyptian cotton of a 300 thread count. Obviously it was pristine.The bathroom was small but, again big enough, and a work of art, not a single place you looked was untouched by some detail. The toiletries were premium, and everything was covered, down to cotton buds, disposable razors, toothbrushes. The soap was excellent quality. Again even if you have all that stuff with you, you have to admire the attention to detail. There were more towels then 2 people could possibly feasibly use in one night, they again were excellent quality.The butler came to introduce himself after a few minutes, he would have unpacked our clothes and pressed up to 5 garments complementary, but we had already unpacked. The butler service was efficient, fast, and a nice touch, but we didn't have much need for him. He would do everything from shine your shoes to make the tea, if you wanted, but we only used him a couple of times for wake up calls and to bring fresh coffee (which was complementary).The front desk then called us to say that as we booked through expedia and there was some special going on, we could either have a 15 minute massage for each of us, everyday, or breakfast everyday free of charge. I instantly took the breakfast, and was glad of it.I was quite possibly the best hotel breakfast buffet ever, and I have stayed in some top, top hotels all over the world. There was everything you could possibly want to eat for breakfast. Everything from muesli to freshly cooked on demand lamb chops. I had lamb chops, steak and eggs everyday, and didn't need another meal till supper. The quality of the meat incidentally was superb (Australian I think). The bread and pastries were freshly baked and wonderful (even on Chinese new years day, again details), the coffee excellent, and the juices were freshly squeezed.The garden lounge was also a superb space, adorned with huge indoor palms. We had coffee there twice in the afternoon, which was served in bone china, with a solid silver coffee set. With this we had freshly baked cheesecake, which was served with warm with Coffee ice-cream (kept separately as not to melt), it was delightful.We ate only one supper in the hotel, in the main restaurant (there are 5), I had a rib-eye steak, and my wife had blackened sea bass. Both dishes were excellent.We went to the press bar one evening. The barman was very good. I always like to try the classic cocktails in order to gauge a barman, mixology is one of my hobbies and I know exactly what should go into the classics. The Pina Colada, Dry Martini and Capririnia were excellent, well presented and made with fresh high quality ingredients. The Singapore sling was not very good, sorry guys, visit raffles in Singapore and get the recipe, I know what the recipe is, and it does not contain sprite :(. Anyway on the whole the bar was good. An excellent selection of fine single malt scotches, and the finest cognacs, they even had a bottle of 'The Richard Hennessey', which retails at £1100 a bottle, god only knows what a glass of it costs, I knew not to ask. But I had a Maccallan 18yo which is one of my favourite single malts. On the whole the bar prices were very reasonable, especially on the cocktails, very reasonable compared to other 5 star hotels anyway, I didn't feel for a moment like I was being ripped off, which is usually path of the course in most top hotels, so full marks to St Regis, for keeping the bar bills down.I used the gym and pool once, and the facilities were excellent, probably the best I've used in a hotel, fully featured. The showers were great, with good pressure like in the rooms.My wife had a massage in the spa on the last day, she said the treatments were excellent. And compared well with other top spas we have been to.While she was in the spa, I was in the bowling alley, yes the bowling alley.It was empty, 8 beautifully maintained lanes, and I was the only bowler, HEAVEN!!I am no pro bowler by any stretch, but the house balls of which there was a wide range looked brand new,The lanes were the best I've bowled on, much better then the battered ones I use in London now and again.The Location of the hotel was excellent, walking distance to the subway, many restaurants and the silk market (in which you can buy anything). The overall location was very quiet, Its in Jianguomen near the US, UK, Thai and several other embassies. The subway (Jianguomen, which is an interchange for 2 lines), was about 3 short stops from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen square, about 1 stop from Beijing Rail Station (intercity), 2 from the temple of heaven (plus a walk), and I think 4 from the Lama temple. I liked the quiet and clean location, would suit the business traveller, the older traveller, and well basically the location is perfect for the sort of clientele the hotel would attract.When we left the hotel, I had booked another car to the airport for 500RMB, I had an early flight, so we had breakfast at about 6:30, left breakfast at 7:15 and was in the airport by 8:30. The check-out was the most expedient ever, all the bill was accurate, the car was ready outside, our bags from the room were in it. Job Done.All in all the St Regis hotel made the trip for me, I would recommend it to anyone. It was outstanding, as good as any hotel I've stayed in, and definitely the best city-based hotel I've stayed in. I will be looking out for St Regis on my other travels.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great hotel great location	Was here for a couple of days in December. The hotel decor is... understated (by PRC standards anyway)! The staff are helpful, and the level of competence in English is about as much as I would expect in China - most of the staff can speak basic English and understand requests. I can understand why some of the other reviewers here might have issues with the general level of English of the staff here - do bear in mind that if they could speak English any more fluently, they would probably be working somewhere else!Rooms were spacious, clean, and decorated in a reasonably understated way. Spa is fantastic. Location is wonderful if you want peace and quiet - it's set back from a main road, in a quieter part of Beijing with no skyscrapers. I suppose I got lucky, because there wasn't any haze or visible air pollution in Beijing when I was there. Blue skies and sun make everything a little better!	
Nov 1 2006 	Beware of "Deluxe" Room	The St. Regis Hotel in Beijing is a beautiful property with an incredible gym and swimming pool. The service was friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet was excellent, including &quot;cooked to order&quot; steaks and lamb chops.The butler service was excellent. However, just to clarify, there appears to be one butler per floor. The service was excellent, but somehow I had been under the mistaken impression (based upon wording in a review and the web site) that each room was serviced by an individual butler.My only complaint, but a fairly significant one, is that the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms are tiny. It amazed me that a hotel of this caliber would even have rooms this small. To make matters worse, there was absolutely no drawer space for clothes and only enough closet space to hang two or three items. A better use of the limited available space could have provided both drawer space and addtional clothes hanging room.After one night in the small room, I asked to transfer to a larger room. This took a little effort (I was initially told no larger rooms were available). Once I moved to a larger room, my stay was a very positive experience.	
Oct 5 2006 	Lovely hotel lived up to its Brand name	I stayed at the St Regis in Beijing for 4 nights and enjoyed it very much. The interior of the hotel was lovely and the rooms very stately and pretty. Having stayed at a St Regis hotel previously, I had expectations, and the one in Beijing did not disappoint. The check-in was a breeze which is always good after a long flight. The butler service is excellent, though sometimes I would prefer to make my own coffee in the room (not available) than to have to call on these guys each time. I drink a lot of coffee! The staff were always polite and helpful, from those at the front desk, the lobby lounge to the doormen; they were most friendly.Unfortunately I did not have time to check out the spa at the hotel but I was told it's one of the best in Beijing, so I'll definitely do that when I visit next time.	
Sep 30 2006	Nice Choice	This was my last hotel after 3 weeks in China and I found it to be very comfortable. My room was nicely appointed and a good size. I especially liked the bathroom with separate tub and shower--and very clean. The valet concept is OK, but I always had to leave a message and wait for a call back. I needed some pressing done quickly before going out to dinner and although they said it was no problem (they had one hour) it took longer than promised and I had to call to get my clothes returned. The facilities are amazing as the hotel shares with the condominiums that are on the same property. They even have a handball court and bowling alley. But it is rather a hike to get there. Also the business center is in the condo area and inconvenient to use if you are trying to stop by on your way out. Basically a nicely appointed hotel that offers deluxe western amenities, but I do not know if it is the best hotel in Beijing.	
Sep 29 2006 	Great time at St. Regis	We visited China for 1 month and stayed at St. Regis for 12 days for two visits in August &amp; Sept/06, the rest of time we travelled to other part of China and we stayed at 5* hotels as well but there are nothing comparable to St. R. Overall we loved to stay at St. Regis, it is very clean, quiet, relaxful, fresh fruit every day, most of the staffs are polite and the suite is roomy. We stayed on 8th floor &amp; 12th flr second time. Their deluxe suite is lovely w/setting of sofa and office, etc..... Their bed is extremely comfortable. We would definately come back if their rate is a little bit higher than other hotel in the same class. We didn't get a chance to visit their gym since we were too busy. Their butler service is very fast. We travelled twice a year and I never wrote a review but I saw some negative experience so I thought I would shared mine (I was lucky, I guess!!). We had awfull experiences during the trips with other hotels, some of the front desk staff at other hotels had bad attitute, they giggled and no eyes contact when we talked to them.	
Aug 1 2006 	Best Yet	Just got back from the St Regis this week. Have traveled to many hotels around the world and I would have to say this is the best yet. The hotel itself is beautiful, it is in a good location. The staff at the front desk were first rate. The pool and exercise room were absolutely the best I had ever encountered. The Spa was a dream and the Butler service was over the top. The food in the hotel restarants also gave you a chance to have American style food if that were your choice. They have a lunch buffet in the lobby each day at the restaraunt there and although expensive was fantastic not to mention the deserts. I used the butler service for last minute dry cleaning, internet access help, addt'l bottles of water needed, coffee in the moring with my wake up call , and many more. I will say this if you do not visit the spa, the pool or the exercise room while there you have lost out. This is a top notch hotel in all regards. We had a regular room on the 16th floor facing out the front. The bed was king size, and my only negative were that there was little room for hanging clothes to be stored.	
Jul 17 2006	Satisfactory stay in a lovely hotel	Our stay was excellent because we were upgraded to a suite. The suite was one of the best-designed I have experienced and I would highly recommend one. Wonderful bath; huge walk-in closet with room for two large suitcases. There was good soundproofing so the soccer guy could watch World Cup while I slept. The beds were also heavenly.The comments in the other reviews about the staff ring true. We did have some very favorable contacts, but it was uneven. For example, when we called one of the restaurants to ask when they closed we were told to call the front desk. When we called the front desk we were told to call our butler. When we called our butler he said he was too busy to answer questions and we should call the restaurant. The food was excellent and provided a good mix of choices. They wil also put ice in drinks with no argument. The St. Regis was lovely but completely unChinese in decor. I have mixed feelings but really, really liked the suite.	
Feb 16 2006 	not bad but not in love with this hotel	this was my second time at this hotel, both times the rooms are ok, service is not badfor this time around, came in the hotel and realized there were yellow stains/streaks on the toilet seat, they were easily wiped off using a wet towel but really not expected at a St. Regis hotelnot in love with the butler concept either, would really prefer having a regular mini bar (there's nothing except peanuts, potato chips, and water, and 1 1/2 bottle of wine in the room), guess the idea is that you're suppose to call the butler, which I did, and to give the butler credit, have to say my glass of wine came very quicklyfood here both in terms of room service and in the hotel are not bad, last time I tried their Chinese restaurant and this time tried their Japanese restaurant, both were quite goodhave to really check out some other hotels in Beijing to say whether this place is nice or not, stayed at the Intercontinental in Beijing before and had to move rooms coz the first room had an odor issue, hate to say that PRC hotel rooms are just lower standard coz places like the Grand Hyatt in Shanghai are just fine.	
Dec 16 2005 	Top Class	I read some previous reviews with trepidation before traveling to China to stay at the St Regis. I have stayed at St Regis, Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental hotels as well as the usual Starwood and Marriott on many occasions so I have an idea of the standard expected.I stayed 2 nights, departing December 15th, and I must say I did not recognise the reviews of a tired hotel in need of refurbishment and suffering from poor service. I was in a Deluxe Diplomat room on the 8th floor, which has the butler service. The room had a very comfortable bed, a useful work area with broadband access, a nice sitting area and a comfortable bathroom with separate shower and plentiful towels and amenities. The butler service is a nice touch although I did not use it at all after the initial introduction. The public areas in the hotel were well presented, clean, bright and pleasant. The informal restaurant used for breakfast offered a pretty impressive choice of western and Asian food and the service I received on several trips was very professional and helpful. Danieli's, the more formal Italian restaurant upstairs was also great for dinner one evening. I was also pleasantly surprised with the good provision of non-smoking areas in the restaurants and lounge bar, which I did not expect. In addition, almost all of the staff speak good English and were helpful and polite. Reviewers who complained of poor service and unfriendliness must have had an unusual experience or set an exceptional standard for these qualities.I would not hesitate to recommend the St Regis for a business or personal trip.	
Dec 15 2005 	Butler service at the St Regis		
Oct 19 2005	OK...but not the best		
Sep 26 2005	Dreadful week's stay		
Jul 6 2005 	Much to be desired...		
Apr 15 2005	Great stay western prices		
Mar 30 2005	Pleasant Stay		
Jan 5 2005	Not the Ritz		
Dec 29 2004	Stayed here in March 2004		
Dec 14 2004	best in beijing		
Oct 25 2004	Outstanding in every way.		
Aug 28 2009 	Precisos hotel muy bien ubicado		
Aug 5 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 1 2008 	??????????		
