Apr 21 2009 	Hua Wei Business Appartment Hotel	This is truly an outstanding value! We stayed for ten days with two children, age 9 and 15. Price was USD $110 per night including all taxes for a large two BR, two full bathroom, spacious living room and small kitchen. Hotel is located in the middle of a busy shopping district with large department stores all around. We could see the Forbidden City in the distance. Go armed with a map with the location clearly marked with a big red X as even with the hotel's business card most taxi drivers seemed confused as to the location and needed some direction from me. They also don't seem familiar with the name of the big department store Huawei Center of which the hotel occupies the 9-11 floors. As other reviews have mentioned, it isn't on Xidan but instead is located on the small side street Tangzi (Hutong). The photo of the big building posted by an earlier reviewer was most helpful in finding it the first time, and also there are a couple of pedestrian overpasses going across Xidan that serve as a good landmark. Again you NEED a map with you to show to taxi drivers to get back there. The awning is now orange instead of green as per previous reviews, and it is located on the north side of the street. The room itself was clean and generally in good repair but not perfect. Housekeeping cleaned every day, fresh towels, etc. My only major complaint is that they cut off the heat the week before we arrived and the weather in Beijing (Apr 3-5) was cool with highs in the 50s and lows in the upper 30s F at night. The rooms have functional air conditioning but the heat is central. They provided us extra blankets and we used the oven (electric 'broil') to help warm up the apartment in evenings and mornings. It wasn't bitterly cold but the room was probably 60-65 at night. Happily by our third day it had warmed up and the rest of the stay was comfortable. Showers and hot water were great, housekeeping did a very good job. Desk staff spoke limited English-it was kind of hit and miss, though usually there was someone there that spoke a few words of English. We found the staff to be very friendly and they always tried to be helpful. They also arranged taxis for our two full-day Great Wall hikes. Their taxi tour prices were a bit high and you might want to negotiate a bit with their vendor. Lots of very nice and reasonably priced restaurants all around (local prices, not tourist rip-off prices) and this was great especially for kids who got tired of Chinese food. Lots of pizza, a Sizzler, DQ, McDonalds, Starbucks, KFC, Yoshinoya's (Japanese fast food). There is a small bakery across the street on the street level by McDonalds entrance. Very few non-Chinese people in that area and it definitely does not have a tourist feel at all. It felt very safe there. The pool was very nice and just long enough for laps (small $3 USD fee per use) and the gym also charges a small fee and was not much--a couple of exercise machines, ping pong, and a squash court. The breakfast buffet was nice, price $7 USD. Location of hotel is very central, one could walk to places like the Forbidden City though it was over one mile away. Taxis are cheap, pleantiful, and always right outside the hotel front door so we just took them all the time and saved the hiking for other places. Bank of China is in the building 4th floor but you have to go out and back in the store entrance to get there. Internet access worked fine and was free. I most highly recommend this for the price and value! This is not the best place to stay if you are a demanding or needy traveler. However you will not find a better value anywhere in Beijing for family travel. I would definitely stay again.	
Jan 30 2009 	a very good choice for family!	After reading all the reviews on tripadvisor, we decided to stay in this hotel, and it proof to be an excellent choice!1. For people travelling with family (especially kids), this hotel provide 2 bedroom apartment with dining and sitting room and kitchen. A family can gather together in the sitting room, with ample space and even make popcorn out of the microwave in the kitchen!2. This hotel is well situated. It is on the 9th to 12th floor of a department store, yet it is quiet and safe (there is a 24 hour guard on the entrance). The hotel is about 5 to 8 minutes walk to Xidan underground, and there is a food court that open from 7:30 to 10 pm at the basement of this hotel. (We do not suggest breakfast in the hotel, as there are so many choices outside)3. It is clean and affordable, we book directly via the hotel websie, for a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment (with kitchen and washing machine), it is 898 RMB pernight! It kep 4 of us (2 adults and 2 teens) very happy, and yet with adequate privacy!4.Only down side is that English is a challenge to them. But I would not mind trying sign language, giving the price of the hotel!!	
Nov 7 2008 	Exactly as described	My daughter and I stayed at the HWA Hotel in Oct 08 for eight nights. We found it to be exactly how others described in on TA, which is to say it was a comfortable, clean, no-frills place to stay. Heck, for $74/night +tax, we were able to stay in a space nearly three times bigger than a typical hotel room. I normally don't look for luxury when I travel, since I'm out &amp; about most of the time, so this property really fit the bill for quality and tremendous value. I really appreciated having an in-room safe large enough to accomodate my laptop and free, wired internet access. I brought a Cat 5 cable with me, plugged the laptop in, &amp; in no time was checking email &amp; news from home. The kitchen appliances we used (full-size fridge, water boiler, microwave) worked fine. We didn't use the stove, so I can't comment on that. CNN International was the only English channel on TV, but a couple of other channels occasionally showed programming in English. My daughter used the pool once &amp; said it was OK. It cost RMB20 to use it. As others have noted, finding the place can be a challenge at first. If you're arriving by subway, go out exit A at Xidan station. At the top of the stairs, go right. You'll see pedestrian overpasses ahead on North Xidan St.. Take a right on the third side street where you'll see the telltale green awning. Our taxi driver from the airport had no idea where it was, even with the hotel's directions printed out, but he got us close. We got out &amp; simply walked around for about 5 minutes until we found it. The hotel shares a large building with the Xidan Shopping Center. If you're facing the Center from North Xidan St., the hotel entrance is around the corner to the right. I've attached some pictures of the area that may help.I would definitely stay at the HWA again. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for accomodations that offer very good quality and value in this magnificent city.	
Nov 1 2008	Good deal with kitchen	A good deal, esp for the weary traveler who would like to cook his/her own food -- serviced apartments with kitchens and living rooms. Right in the middle of the mall district, in case you need a new outfit. You can negotiate price a bit with the front desk. Tell the driver you are going to the &quot;Xidan Shangchang&quot; but prepare for the fact that if you're heading south on Xidan Bei Dajie, the driver can't turn on the side street where the hotel is actually located, so you may have to cross the pedestrian walkway to get there yourself, bags in hand. Some road construction in front of the building is not audible from the room. The &quot;fitness center&quot; is a couple of machines, ping pong tables, squash court and a decent pool.	
Oct 7 2008	Interesting Stay	Lovely large apartments with a nice balcony in a very central location, close to a subway and about 20 minutes walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen. Surrounded by shopping, restaurants and bars.As others have said it was difficult to be understood; not so much at reception, more so in the locality since it is not really a tourist area. We struggled even to buy a hot cup of coffee one morning. Pointing seemed to suffice for the rest of the time. The apartments are also quite difficult for taxi drivers to find and we got out at the subway station most times and walked the short distance back.The traffic in the vicinity was horrendous, as they were preparing for the Olympics, it may well have settled down by now. It was about a 20 minute walk to Tianaman Square and a bit further to Wangfujing, the main tourist area.The breakfast spread didn’t look very nice – quite greasy, but we just stuck to toast and coffee. Also the pool area was in the basement and a bit gloomy, not somewhere you would want to spend a lot of time. Neither of these really mattered to us.It was great having the extra space of an apartment, and no doubt a very good choice for families, but I think next time I would perhaps choose to be closer to the tourist sites.	
Sep 14 2008 	will stay again at the hwa	very nice value hotel in a great location. if you are looking for a decent, clean, safe hotel in beijing that is also relatively inexpensive, then this is it. not exactly close to tianamen sq, unless a 30minute walk is good for you.	
Aug 20 2008 	It gets the job done!	Stayed at the HWA Apartment Hotel during the Beijing 2008 Olympics as any of the big-name hotels cost an arm and a leg! This is a nice, no frills hotel. If you're not expecting too much, then you will not be disappointed. Even the breakfast buffet is quite decent.Just be sure to get a business card from the front desk so you can get back to the hotel at the end of the day. Believe me, not a lot of taxi drivers know this place!! Get clear, written directions!I can't comment too much about the English skills of the front-desk staff. I was able to converse with them in Mandarin, but I would imagine that their English is pretty minimal since HWA is not one of the bigger hotels - so just be prepared!	
Jun 4 2008 	An excellent choice	First of all, let me say, that I want value. Not the cheapest, not the best, but something clean and safe, the best for the money, and something that fits my needs. With that criteria, the Hwa is a great bargain. If you need a swimming pool, fancy restaurant, and glitz, this isn’t your place. If you want something nice, this is a great deal.The Hwa is a small establishment with registration on the first floor and rooms on the 9th, 10th, and 11th floors. (We don’t know what’s on the other floors, but probably some kind of business.) There’s a courtyard and restaurant on the 9th floor. The breakfast is a buffet with mostly Chinese food, but also bacon, eggs, and some cereal. It’s good food although sometimes the food isn’t very hot. At 15 Yuan apiece (just a bit over $2 when we were there in May 2008), it’s a real bargain. Since this is an apartment hotel, our suite has a living room, small kitchen area, bathroom, and a separate bedroom. There’s even a balcony with a little table and chairs, and it overlooks the courtyard. Not fancy but way above “adequate.” The furniture is a little worn, but most of it looks very good and it’s quite comfortable. The TVs have CNN International, plenty of Chinese channels with things ranging from rock music, shopping, golf, and movies, to news. There are some other channels with German and French, but sometimes English shows up those as well as on the otherwise Chinese channels, possibly depending on the time of day. I think there are 68 channels in total. The TV in the bedroom seems to have some channels different from the one in the living room.The plumbing is fine and the water is hot. There is a DVD player (which works) and a washing machine in the bathroom which either doesn’t work or we don’t know how to use it. There is free internet access using LAN for our computer via an Ethernet cable which we were given at the front desk. There is a safe in the room. There is even a live plant in our bathroom (a pothos), and it looks better than the ones I try to grow at home. The towels are thick as are the lovely bathrobes.Neither the bed nor the pillows are what we have at home, but we were pleasantly surprised by both. The bed is quite hard but amazingly comfortable. The pillows are able to be bunched up or flattened down to meet our needs, and both my husband and I were comfortable with them.There apparently is a fitness center on another floor, but we never went there, so I can’t comment on that.Most of the staff at the registration desk speak only a few words of English but there always seems to be one person on duty who speaks fairly good English. During our time there that gentleman helped us out getting taxis and also arranged a full day taxi tour for us which we had requested. Overall the staff is helpful and pleasant.It’s easy to get to the Hwa from the airport. International arrivals all come into Terminal 3 at the airport. To save money and see the city on the way in, get the brochure that shows which shuttle bus to take the from the airport, and take it to the end of the line at Xidan. It’s a short 5 block walk to the hotel. By the time you read this, the train from the airport will be up and running, but you’d have to make a couple of connections to get to the Xidan stop. If you don’t want to schlep your luggage over the street, take a taxi.By the way, even though their address is listed as 130 Xidan Avenue, the hotel is really on Tang Zi Lane, 3 short blocks north of Chang An, and a little east of Xidan Avenue, on the north side of the street. We were afraid we couldn’t find it, but they have a sign out front on a dark green awning, visible from the corner of Xidan and Tang Zi.Beijing is quite spread out, but this hotel is about as central as one can be, so location-wise, it’s a good choice. The area is very lively and seems to be most popular with teenagers. There are several department-like stores which seem to cater to teenage tastes and they are crowded with teenagers. Overall we couldn’t be happier with this hotel. If you want a good place to stay and the kind of amenities we want, this is it. I highly recommend the Hwa.	
Apr 9 2008 	Home away from Home	Hot sure whether to rewiew the HWA as a hotel - essentially it's an appartment that offers all the benefits of your own living space but no luxury you would associate with a hotel.We reserved a VIP 2 bedroom suite (at the cost, why not!) and got exactly what we expected; two comfortable bedrooms &amp; bathrooms, a sitting and dining area and a fully equipted kitchen (including microwave).Reception in the appartment is small and functional and not especially quick - make sure you're not in a hurry when you're checking out.Room comes equipted with a pc and broadband connection which is useful for catching up on international news (and internal chinese news - everything on the tv is censored, including CNN being blacked out every time China is mentioned.)Beds too soft for my liking - unusual for asia. Good space in room and good bathroom attached with shower over tub - only for those of 1.6m and under though...Kitchen had washer/dryer which was fantastic after 10 days travelling aroud China - just a bit difficult to work out the settings in Mandarin!Housekeeping was poor - cleanliess levels reminding me more of home than a hotel!Fresh fruit provided every day - regardless of whether the previous day's had been eaten. We ended up with a small mountain of oranges and apples - perhaps we could have sold it at one of the markets?Appts have pool and &quot;gym&quot; in the basement - basic is probably an overstatement. The changing area / showers are in a poor state of repair. There's also a snooker room and a couple of table tennis tables.HWA is in the Xidan area with loads of malls and food courts hearby - no shortage of shopping / eating for those whom need a western hit ( Within two blocks there are three McD's , two KFC's and 4 Starbks!). Lots of street stalls for snacks immediately outside.Main entrance is 5 mins to Xidan metro or 20 mins walk to Tian'anmen Sq / Forbidden city. Taxi rank outside for quick escape anywhere (assuming you've escaped the grasp of reception)HWA is not a hotel - it's an appartment which you useas a base while travelling Beijing and its environs - but a good value appartment that does exactly what it claims.	
Dec 9 2007 	Excellent value in the heart of the Xidan shopping area!	This is an apartment style business hotel in the Xidan shopping area...the hotel is near lots of shops and fast food restaurants and a 10 min walk to the nearest subway...I would recommend this hotel for those on a budget looking for a hotel that's in a good location. There is also a taxi stand right outside the hotel. The rooms are apartment style so they are very big (like a one bedroom apartment). The front desk staff can speak English and can help you with all the basic questions you need...breakfast is included and so is internet access (both very useful)...there is also laundry facilities where the washing machine is free but you have to pay $1 for the dryer...you have to buy your own detergent yourself from outside the hotel. The hotel itself is in a shopping arcade...there is a 24 hr McDonald's and a regular KFC within 1 min walk of the hotel...I recommend this for picky eaters...the hotel and room itself was very clean. Room service cleans the room everyday and when I asked for more towels they happily brought those. (Also when I locked my key card in the room I went to the front desk and they told me to go back and wait outside my room where someone promptly came to open the door for me) The breakfast served was a mix of western and Chinese offerings...it does a good job of staring your day on the right foot...if I was to go back to Beijing again I would definitely stay here again for its good location and great value.	
Sep 10 2007 	If you love freedom	Great appartment, only the equipment for the kitchen was very poor. Calling the reception they told us that only the 9th floor has fully equipment. But with a knive, three forks and three spoons and two plates we can arrange a simple Dutch meal. After several day only chinese food it is a pleasure to eat a Dutch Breakfast of Lunch. You can buy food in the Wal-Mart, with the bus 5 stops (102 and 109) to the south of Beijing. It will costs you 1 Yuan for 1 trip. The beds are indeed hard, but not the hardest in China :). The hotel in Chengde is the best. The breakfast is not poor, but for Chinese people. There are not much Europeans or Americans in this hotel. I only can say the next trip when we will stay in this hotel. The surrounding is typical modern chinese. On Saterday you can walk over the heads of chinese buying people.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great for families	We stayed here in a two bedroom apartment for six nights. For a family of four it was excellent value at 900RMB including breakfast. Although the breakfast was the usual chinese affair and most days we had pancakes and sausage mcmuffins at one of the nearby Mcdonalds.The rooms are large with two bathrooms and a kitchen. We had an extra bed put in the spare room for 80 RMB, trying to book online for four people was difficult as the max capacity online was always three people. The decor like a lot of chinese hotels was a bit shabby in places, I don't think they like to do much maintenance. The best thing about the hotel was the bed, it was one of the most comfortable I have slept in anywhere, however it did make it difficult to get out of in the morning. The gym and pool area is a bit of a mish mash. The pool is nice but the squash courts have ping pong tables in them and the gym equipment is pretty old. However it does have a bench with a good selection of weights and an olympic bar. Internet access is available in the room and the hotel will supply a cable.There are plenty of good restaurants nearby, western and chinese. Nothing really flash but plenty of variety. The basement of the nearby Grand Pacific shopping centre has a number of good places to eat.The metro is very close and there is a taxi stance outside the door.It is possible to walk to the forbidden city but I wouldn't recommend it. You need all your energy to view the sites there, so it's best to avoid expending it on a not very scenic walk to the gate.I would definitely stay here again if I was traveling with my family. It would also be suitable for a group traveling together.	
Aug 4 2007 	Our family enjoyed our stay	We originally booked 3 nights at Beijing Hua Wei Business Hotel for our family trip to China. We extended our room for another 4 nights because we found the hotel to be a great place to stay. We chose this hotel after reading the helpful reviews posted by previous guests. The hotel is an excellent value. We booked the 2 bedroom business suite, providing plenty of room for us and our 2 children ages 10 and 12. We also booked an extra bed. As mentioned in previous reviews, yes, the decor may be tired but keep in mind this is not a 5 star hotel. It is however,clean, comfortable, in a safe area and all amenities work well. There is a full kitchen, large shower, bath, 2 televisons, dvd player and internet access in the room. What is also useful is the washing machine. The children enjoyed swimming in the pool. Breakfast was good with adequate choice for us. There were always 2 soups, 2 kinds of eggs, toast, ceareal and a variety of local breakfast items which were fun to sample. The front desk staff tries hard to communicate in english. Luckily, we found a wonderful local guide,by chance, at the on our first day here. I would highly recommend her. It was nice to go at our own pace and our children really enjoyed her. We went to the Great Wall in her private car and she arranged other tours and tickets for us as well. We had not arranged tours prior to our arrival. We had done this before on other trips but I must admit, the language barrier makes it challenging here. Overall, considering the location-right in the heart of a very busy shopping area with restaurants all around, near the subway, taxi stand, not far from the major attractions of the city and the value for the price of the room, we felt lucky to have chosen this hotel for our stay in Beijing.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good Value	booked via Ctrip.Booked a 2 bedroom business suite for 788 per night.Hotel is above a very busy shopping complex, the area has lots of busy shops nearby, Mcdonalds, KFC, Starbucks accross the road.Shops nearby are expensive.There is a taxi rank about 2 Metres from the Front Door.The room itself was acceptable, kitchen had seen better days though. Bathroom had a washing machine in it, 9th floor had a mini laundry with 2 washers (free) and a dryer (10Y)Breakfast was poor, with rice, noodles etc every day, not much choice.Room had 2 beds, one single and a double. The small single room also had an internet point which was very useful. All taxi drivers knew the location.Bad points werePoor kitchen.Smell of stale smoke (not too bad though, and I hate smoke smells)Lights dimmed when you used the Washing Machine.Overall will stay again.	
May 17 2007	Good value but don't expect frills	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights and our experience was average to above average. We deliberately opted for an apartment over a hotel for the extra space, given the length of our stay. The hotel is fine, but it definitely falls in the 2-3 star category (I've seen websites describing it as a 4-5 star - which it most definitely isn't). Rooms are a good size, and whilst clean, could definitely do with some TLC - our room had cracking paint, loose floorboards, and some very tired looking furniture. But the bed was comfortable and it was a real bonus to have a washing machine in the room. We had a room that overlooked the roof garden, which I definitely recommend as it was very quiet and gives you the option of opening windows / doors without being subjected to traffic din.The breakfast was fairly ropey, but we never had a problem filling up, and for the price (£45 a night) we were just happy that breakfast was included at all.As other reviewers have noted, staff don't have the greatest grasp of English, but then our Mandarin is non-existent so we weren't complain about that.The Forbidden City is about 20 mins' walk away, but the metro station is nearby and taxis are cheap for when the distances become too great.Overall, we had a good experience at the hotel, but a few things jarred with us. Firstly, for such a low rent establishment, the prices they charged for things like drinks, tours, calls etc were exorbitant and more suited to a 4 or 5 star place. Seek other options to avoid being ripped off.Secondly, the hotel insists on holding a deposit of 500 RMB (about £35) rather than the more standard credit card imprint. This means you have to wait around when checking out for a staffer to inspect your room before you get it back (which'd be a nightmare when they're busy). Plus it sticks you with either foreign transaction charges for debiting / crediting the deposit if you use a card, or a wad of Chinese cash when you leave - a real pain if, like us, you're only going to the airport afterwards.	
Apr 20 2007 	Recommended for family travel with young children	We just returned from China. Staying at HWA apartment made our Beijing trip easy and comfortable!The lobby is tiny but it does not matter to us. We booked business suite with two bedrooms (one king bed and one single bed) and two bathrooms, comfortable beds, clean and spacious room...etc.. (They probably just remodelled the room.) Sound insulation is good. The kitchen is equipped with micro wave, stove, fridge and oven but we rarely use it as KFC, pizza hut and MacDonald are near that made my kids happy!Free internet access is available in the room. The staffs were efficient when we needed their help to check the internet line. Also free city calls. Washing machine inside the bathrrom really helps for travellers with young children. No dryer but clothes dry completely over night.Location is convenient. Two department stores, supermarket and subway station are close to the hotel. There is only one stop to Tienanmen square. It is about 110 RMB by taking taxi to airport from the hotel.Breakfast is available from 7 to 10 am. The restaurant is clean, mainly Chinese breakfast with few western breakfast such as toast bread, bacon, eggs...etc. Food quality and taste are superior.Hotel staffs are nice and helpful. Since I speak Mandarin, I am not sure how helpful they are to help foreign guests.....There is only one minor thing that I think the hotel can do better. It has limited flexibility for late check-out. We've stayed 4 nights but the hotel policy can only grant for &quot;45 mins&quot; late.....However, I will definately stay at this hotel again based on the value, quality and location!	
Mar 6 2007	Great for family travel.	I stayed here for 2 weeks with my husband and my Mum - it was ideal as we had a double bedroom, a single, a living room and a kitchen. There was plenty space for all of us and the suite had everything we needed. We even had a computer with internet access which was great for staying in touch back home without breaking the bank.The housekeeping staff were great and tidied our messs - great as there was no washing liquid for us to do it (terrible excuse I know!) and kept us topped up with bottled water and fresh fruit. They spoke no English but a 2-way Chinese dictionary and enthusiastic sign language worked perfectly for all concerned!The reception staff spoke limited English but were friendly and helpful (especially when my husband needed to get to a hospital at 5:30am where he was diagnosed with pneumonia! Incidentally if you get ill, there is a western clinic in the Lufthansa Centre and an amazing ex-pat run hospital called The United Family Hospital on the outskirts of the city centre - you should find phone numbers in most big guidebooks!)The hotel location is great, just away from the touristy areas but within walking distance of Tiananmen. Mind you, the cabs are so cheap, it is easier to hail one and do your walking when you get there-Beijing is BIG!There is a basic restaurant that serves a free breakfast and a huge food court that serves all kinds of Beijing-related fast food! If you are the sort of traveller that likes to play it safe, get a cab into somewhere like Wanfujing Street as the hotel food court can be a bit daunting-dog food restaurants and the like! We grabbed takeaway from Yoshinoya several times to eat back at our suite when we were too tired to go out again!I would totally recommend this hotel to people who are returning to Beijing. It is not luxurious but a great budget base to explore from if you already know a bit of the city.	
Oct 22 2006	Great place	Stayed three times.Good stuff:- Location great. Shopping malls everywhere, open market across the street. KFC and fast food across building. - Subway 5 mins walk- Lively location, that goes quiet at 1030pm- Traffic jam kept to minimal compared to China World Hotel area, or Silk Market area- Apartment is clean, wooden flooring, washing machine in room, shower stand in one, bathtub in another.- Has refrigerator, washing place, standard kitchen- Internet broadband available. Cant recall needs to pay.Not so good stuff:- Quite cold in winter- No email cofirmation, though the manager will leave his mobile in for you to call- No proper lobby,meaning you have to lug your luggage up the 3 uneven stairs along the roadside- No English speaking staff. I have to translate for a few AMericansBooked from SinoHotel, thereafter, directly from hotel	
Aug 4 2006	Good price / quality	Stayed in hotel in July 2006 for 4 nightsHotel with a Good location ,not far from the subway! The staff spoke a little english it was difficult to understand each other! Rooms were apartements with kitchen and very clean.Breakfast was poor for our standard. The pool and squash court were enjoyable. Good price quality comparatively cheap.	
Jul 11 2006 	Best Hotel EVER	GREAT apartments - perfect in every way. Very large living room - comfy bed - perfect Western style bathroom. Every day there was inexpensive bottled water left in our room. The kitchen has pots &amp; pans, silverware, microwave, teapot &amp; fridge (don't remember a cutting board or ice tray) - pack your own dish soap &amp; sponge. GREAT location - cooool shopping district that teams with life during the day. Walk to the subway. Because most of the rooms face a courtyard it's very, very quiet. Big pool - but it's underground - so that's kind of wierd. Big closet - 2 TVs - internet worked fine - buy beer right in the lobby - a zillion restaurants within walking distance. Would stay there again in a heartbeat - great price, too. The ONLY problem we had is that the taxi driver couldn't read the English address we had - you MUST translate the address into Chinese before you go there - when you get to the address it's still almost impossible to find - the address is for a restaurant owned by the hotel (it's next to McDonald's) - the hotel is around the corner - about five doors to the right from the McDonald's). While you're in Beijing you can meet a lot of fun English speakers if you go Lindy Hopping (Swing Dancing) - you should be able to find it on the internet.	
