Oct 10 2009 	Nice room and good value	The hotel is about 15 minutes walk from the closest subway station, 20 minutes walk to the Bird Nest, a quite and nice neighborhood. Also close to the airport and not far from the center of the city.The pool is really nice with warm water. But beware of the strange rule that you have to wear a swimming cap to swim!	
Oct 10 2009 	NICE!	This really is a nice place to stay. Rates were quite reasonable. I upgraded to the Continental Floor and very much enjoyed the breakfast and happy hour. A very comfortable 10 day stay. The glass wall between the bathroon and the bedroom took some getting used to. The location was a bit off the tourist track, but I like it that way. Several good neighborhood restaurants within a 5 minute walk. Subway was the way to go more than a few miles. Quick, but rarely a seat available.I would definitely stay there again unless I found another killer deal.	
Oct 9 2009	Superb hotel ideally located	EXcellent hotel with very spacious and comfortable rooms.Beds felt on the hard side but slept like a log!Lovely bathrooms and towels etc also tea and coffee facilities.Ideally located for the Birds Nest and Cube which are set in a lovely extensive park where the Chinese relax and play. Super to walk around in the evening and watch the 'locals' Fantastic breakfast.Superb pool (hats required )	
Oct 2 2009 	excellent hotel - spa was FANTASTIC!	was recommended to stay at this hotel by a friend. very lovely room, might be a bit far out from the city centre but it's worth it as it is quieter and less busy. what i wanted to say in particular is their spa, it was SO GOOD - very tranquil, very pretty rooms and the massage therapist was extremely skilled. excellent value for money so definitely give it a try!	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent - if you can get it at a good rate its well worth it	Got a room for just US60 and it was excellent. Little to fault about the hotel. Location from subway is about 10 minutes but the line goes directly to the centre of town. The hotel is not in the downtown area. Its to the north about a 30 mins walk from the Bird's Nest Olympic Stadium.Breakfast and drinks are very pricey but there are very affordable eating options only a minute from the hotel. No bars nearby as far as I could see.	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice hotel great breakfast buffets but not ideal location	We stayed here, as our tour package had a last minute shuffle. We had wanted a hotel closer to the touristy spots, and the Marco Polo is close to the Olympic venues. The net effect is that our group had to commute almost every day to get the more touristy sites.....it was closer to the Great Wall. However, the hotel itself was lovely. The rooms were large, very nicely done, and we had a separate sitting area, although my wife and I really did not need it. The breakfast buffets were great, with a mix of western and Chinese.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent 5 star hotel although still no English!	Everything you expect from a 5 star hotel is present here, including lovely spacious rooms, large beds, luxurious bathrooms, flat screen tv, internet, 24 hr room service, large breakfast, tasty food etc etc. Only 2 negative things to comment on really: 1. The location is a bit far from the places of interest (I was on a business trip, so it didn't make any difference. 2. Nobody spoke any English whatsoever. Anyone travelling in China will know that nobody speaks English, but you would expect the reception staff at a 5 star hotel to be able to handle the basics.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great 5 star Hotel	I stayed at the Marco Polo Parkside Hotel for three days in July. The rooms were very spacious, clean, comfortable and large. It was truly a 5 star hotel. Each day, we received two small bottles of complimentary water.The bathroom is huge, with a deep tub and separate shower stall. Some rooms have a very interesting glass bathroom wall. A shade comes down for privacy.The beds were very clean and comfortable. I found the rooms to be sound proof and did not hear traffic from the outside or noise from the other guests.The free buffet breakfast was fantastic. They had someone wearing a mask (H1N1 precaution) cooking fresh omelets and eggs for guests. There were numerous Chinese and Western dishes to choose from.The restaurant was big and the service efficient.Across the busy street, in front of the hotel, is a big supermarket. There is also a McDonalds near by. There are also banks close by.	
Jul 15 2009 	Postive experience	We have been positivly surprised from this hotel. The room is really big with a luxirous interior and bathroom. The bed is really comfortable and there is enough space for the luggage. The bathroom is stylish with tub and shower. The internet connection is fast and a desk for working in the room. The rooms are facing the street, it is a little noisy - but e.g. with the aircondition on no problem. The spa and swimming pool area is very simple, when we went there the saunas have not even been on. But everything is clean, they provide towels etc.Within a walking distance from around 15 min. you can reach the subway and olympia area. We would definitly recommend this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Pure indulgence	This is a hotel worth a visit. The staff are very attentive and the rooms are some of the best in China - according to our sample! The food inthe restaurants is very good. The concierge are keen to order theatre tickets, cabs etc nothing is a troubleWe will stay here again if we go back to beijing	
Apr 18 2009 	Quality all the way	I stayed at The Marco Polo Parkside for 10 days in March, 2008. Contrary to other hotels in China, I found this hotel to be fully deserving of its 5 star rating.Located just 10 minutes walk from the Bird's Nest stadium and Olympic Park, it's understated elegance and charm were a welcome relief from the hustle and bustle of downtown Beijing. The standard room I stayed in was spacious, elegant, and completely quiet. BBC and CNN were available on the large flat screen TV in my room, along with free internet.Each morning, a splendid Western breakfast buffet was available alongside a traditional Chinese breakfast.. All in all, an excellent hotel which I hope to be visiting in the near future.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good value Luxury	The hotel is near the Olympic Park which is a bit remote form the centre but accessible by taxi or subway (15 minutes on foot from the hotel). The hotel is also located in a busy area with an excellent roast duck restaurant and a big supermarket on the opposite side (could be noisy if the room is facing the road). The room is very spacious and the fitness faciliates are excellent. Two small bottles of mineral water is provided everday free of charge. The look through bathroom is very nice. The service is also very good and the catering is nice. It is definitely a good deal when staying at this hotel at a promotional rate. The only complaint is about the mattress which is really hard.	
Feb 6 2009 	Very nice	I took my first trip to Beijing this past December; a friend recommnded this hotel to me. After the long (14 hour) flight, I really needed a good night's sleep.Upon arriving at the Marco Polo, I was pleasantly surprised: it looked like it did on the web - the pictures were spot-on. The staff were very friendly (although most spoke very limited English), and the room was clean and warm. Everything worked just fine, and bottles of water were provided daily.The only cons were that the bedsheets were pretty rough (I actually scratched up my elbows while turning over in my sleep), and the shower door wouldn't fasten properly, resulting in the bathroom floor getting soaked.Otherwise, everything was great, and I'd be more than willing to stay there again.	
Mar 3 2008	Overall a nice hotel	I stayed at the Marco Polo Parkside while I was in Beijing. The hotel is conveniently located to the technology zone. I was easily able to take a quick 20 minute taxi ride each morning to the office.Finding a taxi might seem difficult at this hotel but it really is not if you just ask the doorman to call one for you. They have radios to call while you wait in the comfort of the hotel lobby.The hotel is fairly new and well kept. However, I experienced the same shower problem mentioned by another reviewer. Water does leak out of the shower stall and when I reported the problem to the front desk they offered to move me. I soon learned to not point the water where the glass corners meet as that seemed to be where the water leaked.I called housekeeping for extra towels and for laundry service. They did not seem to have anyone answering the phones who could speak English so that was somewhat of a challenge.The Chinese restaurant also did not have anyone who spoke English on my visit. This resulted in an extra dish being delivered to my table because of a language mix-up. It did not matter since the food was delicious and I enjoyed what I had been served.My room included a daily breakfast buffet which had a nice variety of food. They can cook eggs to order but you might have to track someone down to do it as the cook does not usually offer to do so unless you ask.On 2-3 mornings, it was very difficult to find a clean table. I think they might have had staffing issues as this was not the case on the other 5 days that I was this hotel.The Beijing Olympic village is a 2-3 block walk from this hotel which will be nice during the summer games.Overall, my stay at this hotel was very nice and I would consider staying there again.	
Sep 2 2007	Below 4 star standard!	I just stayed there for 3 nights. The reason I chose this hotel is just because it's a new hotel opened for just 3 months time. However, it's quite disappointed that the room is not so new as expected. Can you imagine that water will slip out from shower room for a new 4 star hotel? The staff are absolutely cool and not helpful. They will never greet any guest. The location of this hotel is just fine. It's about 30 minutes taxi ride from the city centre, but the problem is most taxi driver still don't know its location. Another bad experience I had is the housekeeping staff left my room door unlocked after the room cleaning. I will not recommend this hotel unless you've got a very good rate and don't mind encounter any bad experience. I'll rate this hotel below 4 star standard.	
