	It's Westin quality	I travel a lot and stay over 90 nights at various hotels. Although my company does not allow me to stay at five start rated in many countries, I could stay there at this time. I saw many Westin branded hotel don't provide service matches to it's brand, specially at LAX airport. But it is true Westin quality and actually beyond expectation. Hotel staff welcomed me, they are all well trained, and service level was excellent! One of facility I loved there was executive lounge which gives you quiet zone as well as meeting space for sudden necessity. Trained and hardworking staff at lounge were also fantastic! Only drawback was the room I stayed didn't have enough insulation so that I could hear people talking in the hallway if it is loud and vise versa. I definitely stay there again next time I visit Beijing regardless it's business or pleasure and recommend to everybody who visit Beijing.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great service	The best ting about Westin Beijing Financial Street is its staff. As a platinum member of SPG, I alway enjoy good service of the executive lounge in various hotels. And Westin Beijing lounge staff treat customers like their real friends.	
Nov 24 2009 	Endearing service with excellent personal touch	Having stayed in over 20 hotels for more than 500 nights over the past 2 years on the road, Beijing Westin Financial St remains my first choice in Beijing.I am quite numb to hotels and so long as the rooms are clean, internet is fast, there are not much to complain, afterall, i just need a roof for the night and a internet cable to do my work at night.However, this hotel stands out over the rest simply for one reason: genuine care and concern for guests. There was once i am down with flu and the nice ladies from Club lounge happened to know about it. I was pleasantly surprised when they bought fresh juice and porridge to my room and told housekeeping to send more bottles of water.This is only one of the more memorable incidents and not to mention the special effort to remember my last name, drinks preferences or even how i like my eggs done, details like this that could be taken for granted but seldom encountered elsewhere.Looking forward to meeting the nice folks there on my next trip!	
Nov 19 2009 	Friendly staffs excellent services wonderful experience	It was wonderful to be greeted with smiles especially from the lovely Front Office Manager after the long flight to Beijing from Vancouver. During our 5 days stay in Westin Beijing, she and her staffs have made the great effort to make our stay as enjoyable as feel like at home.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great value outstanding services and top-notch facilities!	I stayed at Beijing Westins on Fincial Street five times already. The experience definitely is unforgettable. I travelled twice a year to Asia and stayed in various five star hotels. This hotel is unique in that during my stay I always felt I was staying at home and the staff there were just like friends. Almost everyone called my name and greeted me like an old friend. The manager, Lucia Liu, did a superior job in making all the arrangement. Surprisingly, everytime when I checked in and checked out, she would apprear beside me immediately, greeting me and making sure everything was perfect. Needless to say, there are so many five star hotels built or being built in China. However, Beijing Westins on Financial Street so far is the only one that has truly impressed me not only by the top-notch facilities but also the friendliest attitudes and most caring services.	
Nov 12 2009 	Everything you would expect from a 5* and the best breakfast buffet ever	This is an excellent hotel that fully deserves its 5* category. The best thing was the buffet breakfast - there was the largest selection of foods and cuisines that I have ever seen in my entire life at any hotel, and it was all beautifully presented . Japanese, Chinese, European, it was all there. The room decor was not to my taste as the cream net curtain tainted the whole room with a kind of depressing brown light, but the bed truly was heavenly - I slept like a baby. TV, fridge, coffee maker, desk, iron and ironing board (thank you), hairdryer, and lovely toiletries were all present. My only real complaint was that there was no wall attachment for the shower, which meant that it was impossible to shower normally. I gave up and had baths instead. The gym was full of new equipment and extremely well equipped and clean. I enjoyed using it.Another thing perhaps worth noting, I had to use the business center to print an e-mail and was charged £1.20 per sheet of paper. I know its a 5* but please....Finally I followed a another reviewer's recommendation and found the Sunshine Kitchen restaurant just 5 mins away from the hotel, past the TGI's on a side road on the left, directly opposite the Ritz.. Go there! Easy picture menu, clean and smart restaurant, delicious and cheap Chinese food.	
Nov 9 2009	Good home for 3 nights	We met our tour group here the next morning after our arrival in Beijing. We needed a little supper which wasn't included in the tour package so I ordered a bowl of soup. My bowl easily held 1 liter or quart of soup! Very good. Hubby ordered a sandwich and a salad and couldn't finish half of it! All breakfast buffets and dinner buffets that we had here were very good. Room was comfortable with our 2 beds. Bottled water was delivered quickly when we needed more. Business center was efficient. Though they quoted a price for 15-20 minutes, when I only used the computer for 5 minutes the price was scaled for the shorter time. Business center accepted yuan cash so I didn't have to bother with additional charges to the room.	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect Position for business	I've stayed in the apartment wing on the first visit (which was a stunning 2 bedroom affair at a reasonable price) so on the second visit, I thought I try the hotel as I was a solo traveller.The position of this hotel is brilliant. Its also a very well kept property. Being less than 5 years old (?) I applaud the team there for keeping it in good order.I relish the Sunday &quot;red&quot; theme at brunch where there is a massive selection of food and champagne. The quality of the food is brilliant with a highlight being the seafood and Peking duck section. The australian food and beverage manager (Jason) is very knowledgeable and approachable. He leads an excellent team.The breakfast buffet daily is good although it gets a bit boring after a while (I stayed four days).The rooms are well appointed and the staff are very efficient - for instance, my iron was broken and no sooner had a called service express but another was at my door.Drinks are cheaper from the mini-bar than the bar. The bathroom is excellent although the placement of the rubbish bin is quite annoying (by your feet near the toilet).Well worth the stay with reasonable rates.	
Oct 25 2009 	Rooms are good but restaurants are way overpriced - eat out nearby instead	Our room was comfortable and attractive. Had all the basics that a modern traveler would want. The Westin &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; is indeed wonderful to sleep in. Issues to watch for at this hotel: 1. the restaurants have good food but the prices are outrageous for Beijing. (They apparently count on expense-account business travelers who are not cost conscious. With the low cost of labor and food here, Westin is gouging its customers. ) Contrary to what you may read elsewhere, you can eat well nearby for much less. Try the Sunshine Kitchen a couple of blocks away - the food is terrific, easy to order for English speakers, reasonably priced (about one third of the Westin's prices) and the restaurant decor is smart. For something quick, cheap and informal, try the food court downstairs in the Seasons Place mall across the street. Far better than food courts in the US, although there is no English yet. There is also a large supermarket downstairs for snacks, drinks, etc. 2. the walls are thin in this hotel and if your neighbors are noisy, this can be a problem. Rooms at the end of the hall are best since they share only one wall with another room; 3. staff is very friendly and tries hard but English can be a problem. We had to report problems with our room lights 3 times before someone fixed them - we think they didn't understand what we were telling them. 4. rooms can need more attention - in addition to our problems with lights, the phones in our room had to be fixed and the carpets were stained. Surprising lack of attention to detail for a hotel in this price stratum. Despite all these issues, I recommend the hotel. The beds are that good. Just be aware of the comments above.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Room Bad Everything Else. Ruined asking my g/f to marry me!	I checked out of the Westin Beijing Financial Street last week, and I'll never stay there again, although I've been invited to return with the offer of an upgrade. It wouldn't matter if they offered me a week in their most expensive room free. I can't get back the moment they spoiled.I know management there reads these reviews, so guys, my confirmation number was 204494160. I'm a Starwood Gold Preferred Guest, so I'm comparing my service at your hotel to other Westins I've stayed at, in other countries.My poor experience began before arriving. I called the hotel and explained to the concierge that this was a very special weekend, and I'd be asking my girlfriend to marry me. I asked if they could find a nice nightclub and get me and my date on the guestlist. They had no idea what I was talking about and kept asking me if I wanted a restaurant reservation. I booked a hair &quot;appointment&quot; for my girl. I say &quot;appointment&quot; because when I called the hair salon to make an appointment, they didn't ask for her name. They were like &quot;Seven? Yeah, sure, show up.&quot; This made me nervous, and my fears were realized later. Then I attempted to book a makeup lesson at the spa. This is a service advertised on their website. The person who answered the phone didn't know the word &quot;lesson&quot; and told me there was no makeup person available for a Friday afternoon! Then I called Jewel, their fine-dining Chinese restaurant. I asked for a table away from the kitchen. The person who answered the phone didn't understand what I meant. I put my girlfriend on, who speaks Chinese, and they STILL didn't understand. Exasperated, I got in touch with a manager (Larry Sun) who, to his credit, said he'd confirm everything. He called me back the next day and said it was all taken care of, no problems. Hair, makeup, and they got me in at a good club not too far away.So we show up. For our trouble on the phone, Mr. Sun upgrades us to a VERY nice Renewal Suite. So far so good. I go down to the spa and find out they've got makeup for the following evening, so we move everything to Saturday. No makeup lesson, though, just makeup. If they've got a makeup person available, why can't they do a lesson, especially when the person getting the lesson speaks Chinese? This makes no sense to me. Anyway. Friday night we go to the club. That was the ONE amazing experience they set me up with. They contacted the club's floor manager, who gave us a personal tour of the 3-dance-floor-plus-intimate-terrace club, styled like an opium den, which is what The World of Suzie Wong Club is. We didn't have to wait or pay cover, and we sat at VIP tables all night. Fantastic.On to the big night, Saturday. She gets into her dress, I put on my suit. She goes down for a facial at the spa. Facial is great. Then on to hair. This was the real problem. They had one kid on hand when we walked in, and he didn't know what he was doing. Nice guy, but he told her her hair was too thick to style (was doing a simple chignon with hairpins, which she's worn before), and proceeded to put a RUBBER BAND (not made for hair...made for wrapping a NEWSPAPER) in her hair. We had to cut it out later, as rubber is impossible to remove. She ended up doing half the hair job herself and when I walked in to see how she was doing, she was near tears. I took pictures of the debacle which I may post later. I called the duty manager who immediately acknowledged that her hair didn't look good. But there were no longer any other options. We went back to the spa for her makeup. They do not have a professional makeup setup there. They had her in an armchair with the makeup artist (who was very kind) leaning over her, working from an endtable. They didn't drape anything over her dress or line her collar to keep makeup from falling on it (she had to ask for towels). The makeup did look beautiful. The artist was skilled. They went over on time for both hair and makeup and we had to push our table reservation back a couple times. The duty manager was sorry, but when I was trying to explain the issues, he was so busy nodding and apologizing, I don't really feel he was hearing what I was saying. He was so busy exercising his customer service training he was failing to connect. Its okay. I can't ask for the world, I guess, and he was doing his best to try and solve the problem. He offered to send red wine to my room later that evening. I told him red wine wasn't going to bring the magic back. My girlfriend was going into one of the biggest nights of her life stressed and upset.Eventually we made it to dinner. Jewel is nice. Reasonably priced for the level of service and the quality of the food (excellent), but they were out of all the dishes I asked for. No terrine of pork ear. No pigeon. Had Beijing duck the previous day at the best restaurant for that in the city (Liqun) , so oh well, I guess we'll have the chicken.I'd have skipped asking her to marry me on this trip and waited for a better moment, but she was expecting it, so that wasn't really an option. We're happily engaged now, but the Westin didn't much help with that.On checkout, Mr. Larry Sun was very apologetic and took the hair charges off my bill, but when I told him about the rest of my experience, and that I'd never come back, he gave me his card and said &quot;Come back, and email me first, and I'll make sure everything goes well. We'll do something special for you.&quot; But I just said I wasn't coming back...didn't he just hear me? He was doing his best as well, but the real problem is that the associated services (hair/spa/concierge) just aren't world class, which is what I expect from the Westin, and what I've gotten at every other place I've stayed.My summary is: the rooms are nice. The renewal rooms with the bath concierge are great. If you are an aficionado of spas or other services, or if you're doing an event requiring multiple services at the hotel, STAY ELSEWHERE. If you're going to be out all day or you're just going to hole up in your room, this might be a good choice.	
Oct 9 2009	A good home base for your travels	The hotel is not located near the main tourist sites. However, it is a 5 minute walk to the subway and taxis are always available and cheap. The area is clean and safe. Service was very good. The breakfast buffet is high quality, but expensive by Beijing standards.	
Oct 5 2009 	Amazing refuge for road weary travelers!	We were at the end of a 14 day Gap Tour that had taken us from Shanghai, to Yichang, Three Gorges, to Xian, to Pingyao, to Datong, ending up in Beijing. We had stayed onrusty old sleeper trains, bug infested ferry boats, and low budget hotels with rock hard beds, dirty carpets, smelly bathrooms, and indifferent staff. We had planned a couple of extra days in Beijing, and booked the Westin.I nearly cried when we walked into the Westin. The hotel smelled fresh and clean. The front desk staff was smiling and welcoming. We went up to our room and flopped on the bed... It was the most comfortable bed in China! We had ample plush, clean towels! When we went down to the concierge for dinner suggestions, he ran out into the street to get us a cab at shift change! I wish I could remember his name, because he really bent over backwards to suggest great places to eat, and great experiences in Beijing. Our son met us the next day. They had a rollaway in our room, and made sure there were extra towels, extra complimentary water, etc. The first thing our son said was &quot;Wow, it smells great in here!&quot; He said it was the best bed in China, and it was a rollaway! He also loved the pool area, fitness room, and friendliness of the staff there.I can't say enough about this hotel. It is not on a main street, but we found that to be a positive, when every street is full of honking vehicles and chaos. Cab fare is cheap inChina.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Hotel	Enjoyed a very pleasurable three nights at the Westin Beijing Financial Street in a standard room. The Westin &quot;heavenly beds&quot; are truly legendary and really eases one into sleep.Great swimming pool and gym facilities as well as excellent health food options from in room dining menu. General ambience of the hotel is business like because of location, but really aims to and does deliver to a &quot;taking you more personally&quot; service which many large business hotels do not deliver. As example - lobby area always attended by at least 3 or 4 attendants making light conversation, offering tips on things to do and always willing to assist with reservations for shows, taxi's etc. The subway only 250m from hotel is a convenient and cheap way of exploring the city and even though not located in the tourist centre, most tourist attractions no more than a 10 or 15min subway ride away.Can't wait to stay at the Westin Beijing again soon.	
Sep 3 2009 	Where any moment of stay is pleasantly enjoyable!	The hotel is located at Financial Street which is nearby to Tiananmen Square. They have special meal for breakfast Superfood Rx which is very good option for traveler. The room is artistically designed and had nice phone with wide screen, so nice that I want to have one for my home... and I have not found it yet in Singapore.	
Aug 31 2009 	Superb hotel with great breakfast and friendly staff	We spent 3 nights at the Westin and could not fault the hotel. The service was excellent, especially the doormen. Room was comfortable with lovely shower and bathroom.The food was superb particularly the choice and freshness of the breakfast buffet, we wold stay there again without hesitation	
Aug 26 2009 	what a wonderful hotel	Stayed at this hotel in a business trip. Very good location and spectacular rooms and attentive staff.As a Starwood platinum member, I was upgraded to a club room with much large space, the room was very clean, and loved the heavenly bed. Quite a wow me!I had breakfast every morning in the club lounge and the food was excellent, much less people to compare with crowed restaurant downstairs. Have been to chinese restaurant a couple of times, the staffs have done a great job to recommend me some of popular dishes since I had no clue about chinese cuisines. Beijing duck and sour pork were my favorites.Hotel location is perfect as well, it only takes around 10-15 minutes to get national Grand Theatre and Tiananmen Square which is good for a half day excursionI would definitely back to this hotel in the future	
Aug 24 2009	Great Hotel!	The Westin Beijing Financial Street is what it's made out to be. As a starwood privilege member, i was given a rather fantastic room (higher-floor, corner or newly renovated room). It's near the Lane Crawford, and a 7-min ride to the nearest subway station (Fuchengmen Station). In-room dining n breakfast is expensive by Chinese standards but as the nearest eateries are a taxi-ride away, i would rather pay than get out of my comfy room. Service is impeccable - some of the staff aren't fully confident in speaking English, but they're still sincere in providing good service. I was to move to the Holiday Inn Express and the taxi driver didn't know the way. One of the bell-boys used his own mobile phone to call the Holiday Inn Express Hotel to get the exact address in Chinese - small initiative but to me, it was very kind of him and he didn't do it out of getting a tip. All in all, a great hotel and away from the crowd.	
Aug 17 2009 	great for families with children	Super hotel, staff all very helpful and the calming and soothing smell at the entrance. we stayed in one of the apartments, that was a great choice as we had ample of space with the kids. their is a kids club, our boy loved it and the swimming pool. the only thing that I did not like towards the end was the breakfast, it was always chaotic, not the kind of service you would expect from a 5 star hotel!I think the variety of the food especially the chinese food should be changed. For breakfast, I would management to go to hyatt Jing jin and experience what breakfast is like there.	
Aug 13 2009 	Perfect Hotel brings me THE BEST Brunch	What a wonder stay in Westin Beijing FS, i was in a business trip and this hotel has fullfilled all my demand with good service attitude. their staffs are all very friendly and professional, their Meeting room is fabulous too! actually, I quite enjoyed their Sunday Brunch , it was SO nice, huge food selection- beijing duck, thai food, sushi, they even have M'sia Milk tea! of coz, if you love seafood you definately need to go there - lobster, oyster, prawn, all kinds of shells.....AND champagne free flow also.......hah, i will stay there again for sure.	
Aug 1 2009 	Westin Beijing Financial District = Fabulous	Always take the directions card in Chinese to get back to the hotel in a cab.	
Jun 15 2009 	Absolutely excellent stay great hotel	We booked a two-bed apartment along with the executive club facilities. The hotel was fantastic, the apartment fully equipped and very large; both bedrooms having en-suite facilities. We made full use of the executive club facilities during our stay and the staff were very helpful and friendly. The food choice was a little limited and lacked variety but this didn't spoil our stay.The spa at the Westin was superb, we used the swimming pool and jacuzzi every day - there was never more than 10 people in the pool and it was a full sized pool. The choice of the steam room or sauna, or hot pool was great.The hotel surprised both my daughter and husband with a special cake to celebrate their birthdays whilst we were staying with them. It was very generous of them and was a lovely touch as my daughter particularly was missing home and friends.Tip - make sure you use the subway, the nearest station is only a five minute walk away and it costs 2 yuan to go all the way across Beijing and beats the traffic. Mobile phones work too.If sightseeing, allow a full day for the Fobidden City; and the Summer Palace.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Hotel in Beijing	I stayed at the Westin Financial Street for 5 nights. Taxi from Beijing airport to hotel was Y110. The ride took over an hour with bad traffic. From the airport, I was very impressed with how Beijing streets were very clean and had no pot holes. Most streets have beautiful rose hedges and green trees. There were separate lanes for bicycles.The Westin Financial St. is very nice, 5 star worthy. The service is top notch. The hotel staff is all courteous, young, good looking and speak good English, even the elevator guy is handsome and charming. The room is spacious, clean with a luxurious bathroom. This hotel has rooms with two double beds.As I was using SPG points for my stay, breakfast was not included. Breakfast is very expensive at Y230 pp so we only ate there once. At such a price, nothing tasted good to me anymore. Unfortunately, there are not many restaurants around this area. After office hours the area looks deserted. There were a Pizza Hut and a Star Bucks nearby but we were longing for some real Chinese food. Internet access at the hotel is also very expensive at Y2/minute. The Westin Financial Street is located in the financial district which is not in a touristy area but is very clean and quiet. It takes a 15 minute taxi ride to get to Wangfujing. It is usually easy to get a metered taxi in front of the hotel. However, we usually had a hard time getting a metered taxi back to the Westin at night. Taxi drivers did not want to use the meter and asked for ridiculous prices. I am not sure if this is because of the Westin' s location.The Fuxingmen subway stop is about 750 metres from the hotel. This is pretty far (15 minute walk) but is easy to find. The other station is the line 2 Fuchengmen station is only 250 metres from the hotel but is harder to find and usually requires one transfer from Line 1. We liked to take the metro to see more locals and to avoid the traffic. I also took taxis from time to time to observe the city streets with their cars, people and buildings. During the walk from the Westin to the Fuxingmen subway stop, I found that the streets were very clean and broad. Along the way were mostly banks and other large office buildings which all looked very modern and impressive with two giant lions at the front. Beijing is very modern beyond my expectation. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the Westin Financial.	
May 7 2009 	Beautiful rooms and hotel decent location.	We stayed at the Westin Beijing for three days while traveling in Beijing. The hotel was gorgeous -- clean and stylish. The bed was plush and comfortable, and the bathroom was luxurious -- perhaps the best hotel shower I have ever seen (it was one of those &quot;rain heads&quot; -- just fabulous). We got a great rate and found the hotel to be an excellent value. The hotel is not central to many tourist sites, but we were a quick cab ride away from most major sites.	
Mar 27 2009 	Very Comfortable Rooms - Challenge for a coffee at breakfast	This is a very good quality hotel in west Beijing. I have been lucky on longer stays to be upgraded to the executive apartments....very beautiful and most comfortable room you could find in Beijing. New shopping mall across the street with luxury shops. Western and local style restaurants in area. Downsides were mainly trying to get coffee in the buffet breakfast restaurant...minature coffee mugs that are only half filled by staff are rough if your a coffee lover like me for waking up at breakfast. One day I requested a pot of coffee left on our table for 2 of us and was denied saying the managers would not allow it! Spent many time at breakfast getting up from table and finding staff to get coffee refill (many times there pots empty) then to get a thimble of coffee and have to chase more coffee in less than 5 minutes. Bad for a good hotel. Other issue for me was lobby bar on ground floor, the glass balcony surrounding 1st floor was constant staff traffic for set up in conference rooms, noisy trolleys, workers, the entire time at cocktail hour. Also the beer is barely cold, they do not even stock much Heineken at bar, have to go find it in other restaurant of hotel. Rooms are great and location great for me.	
Feb 22 2009 	Loved it	We went there for a week to visit Beijing. This hotel is just 5 minutes from subway station, rooms are comfortable (2 double beds), large 40 square meters, quiet, bathroom is very ok....The pool is hudge (25 meters long).The right place to get in for a family to start visiting Beijing for a week.The only small drawback for this hotel was the doorman which is useless from customer side. Wrong metro direction (south which is 1km far instead of north which is the nearest). Keeps on pushing for limousine... you just wonder if the guy is paid by the Hotel or the drivers :o) The one in February 2008 just didn't help us. But it was definetly not an issue as the Hotel staff was really nice but the doorman.For travellers visiting China, it is better to print the Hotel address (both english and chinese) and have a phone number the taxi can use to drive you from the airport. For the rest of your stay hotels are providing you with card you just show to taxi drivers letting them find the way to the hotel.	
Dec 19 2008 	Classy luxurious hotel in the Financial District	Stayed for 5 nights in early Nov. as part of a Viking 17 days China Cultural Delights tour.Flown in few days early before tour began and booked this hotel since that's what Viking used for the Beijing portion. Had booked extra night first with Viking for US$200/night then added an additional through Westin direct for less. Stayed in all 5 nites on the third floor which I thought was convenient without having to spend time traveling up and down higher floors and the amenities I am very pleased.Side note, hailed taxi direct from airport cost RMB $110 for the half hour ride, much less than the airport transfer offered by Viking (US$50/pp which amounts to over RMB$700 for 2). All I needed was the hotel name and address written in Chinese for the driver (actually I spoke passable Mandarin so was able to tell driver directly where to go).Meals: eaten both breakfast buffets and dinners (thru' tour group) and coming from Vegas I can say I was really impressed by their selections and qualities. Not to mention being in Beijing their Chinese offerings is much better than those in Las Vegas buffets. The western selections is certainly a huge plus for many of the western guests in case they want food that they are familiar with.The refreshing drinks in the lobby (mint,lime &amp; honey elixir and ginger/red date elixir) I can get addicted to every time I passed by the lobby.Room: top notch western standard. Love the rainshower, jacuzzi, comfy bed. Love the electric shade that partitioned the jacuzzi and the bedroom.Service: again what I expect from hotel of this class. The elevator person is definitely a nice touch to attend to the needs of going up and down. And that ever present smile is sure cheerful. All staffs including bellman, valet, concierge, front desk did excellent job of making guests feel welcome and hailing cab and making sure taxi driver knows where to take guest to in Mandarin.Decor: classy everywhere, lobby, restaurant, room, bar..Area: Getting to most part of Beijing was easy and inexpensive for us by taxi right out front (had one day of private tour where tourguide took us all over and cost less than RMB $150 taxi rides..) There is a nice mall across from the hotel (Lane Crawford is one of the key tenants) that one can get almost anything from. Also had walked up and down the Financial District area and found it to be very safe and pleasing. Different kinds of little restaurants and buildings to browse at.Internet: used their service in the Business center, RMB $30/15 minutes.	
Dec 14 2008 	Had a terrible experience at the Westin Beijing Financial Street	After a week long trip all throughout China my stay eventually ended at the Westin Beijing Financial Street. Tired and exhausted from my tour. I staggered into the hotel around 2AM and checked-in. The front desk staff was friendly and understanding. As an SPG Gold member, I requested that I wanted a clean and QUIET room due to the exhaustion. So the front desk staff (Andre) said that he has the quietest room available, and booked me into the room.What the front desk staff didn't tell me or warn me was that the room next to mine was under construction or maintenance. Only to be abruptly waken up early in the morning to hammering noise. Of course no warning - no notice upon checking in. They quickly changed my rooms - only to find out that the abrupt move in a half sleep state - I am still missing some of my personal effects. Would I recommend this hotel, probably not. But if you do choose to stay in this hotel, I would recommend that you double check with the hotel staff that you have a quiet room and there is no maintenance on going in the next room over. Probably my worst experience and the lack thereof of professionalism in the hospitality industry.They mentioned that this error won't happen again, but until it does happen to some unsuspecting tired customer.	
Dec 2 2008 	The food is amazing	We arrived after a flight from Xian and had picked up a few bites in the airports. When we got to the hotel, a huge dinner buffet was ready. It had absolutely anything anyone in our group wanted and all was top quality. Whoever had the idea to make those little chocolate olive oil desserts is a genius.The gym was well appointed and the pool was very luxurious. The sauna and wading pool and rain showers were wonderful for weary travelers. I only wish I'd had time to use the spa.Of the 5 star hotels I've stayed in, this ranks in the top three. It's a bit of a ride to most places, but if you've got someone to help you with transportation I wholly recommend it.	
Nov 21 2008 	Breakfast was fantastic	I went to Westin Financial before the Olympic for vacation. The hotel room is big, especially the washroom. Well decorated. Staff service is good.However there was a fire drill during the one afternoon of my stay, all lift were out of service for like half an hour and I can only take the stair down to lobby.The room service was not as expected tho the in room breakfast was great compare to Ritz Carlton one.Good sound system and you can always get a DVD player if needed.Close to Winland Building, walking distance. No chacnce to check out the swimming pool.	
Oct 25 2008	Great Intoduction to China	Arrived at this hotel in the early hours of the morning. We were met at the door and our bags were taken care of. Check-in was swift.Room was lovely, bathroom big by hotel standards and supplied products were adequate and of a reasonable standard.The hotel was about a 20 min. taxi ride from the Forbidden City etc. but this is not a problem because taxis are abundant and cheap.All staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful and provided ideas for our daily adventures. Some staff could not speak much English but we could always find someone that could.We ate breakfast every morning at the hotel. Breakfast buffet was superb. Plenty of varied options Western and Eastern.One evening we ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel. This was very nice.All staff were pleasant, friendly, helpful and eager to please.Someone has already mentioned the lift guy. I would like to specially mention him as well. He always greeted us at the lift, pushed the button and ushered us into the lift. His service made us feel like royalty. He seemed to work very long hours and he was as happy and pleasant in the evening as he was in the morning. All in all a great stay and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 25 2008	Westin Beijiing Financial Street was classy	What a beautiful hotel in a beautiful city. Had complimentry breadkfast each moring which was a pleasure. I generally do not stay in such posh places but I must say this was a pleasure. Drinks are a lttle pricey in the lounge but \i guess if you can stay here then porbably you can afford the liquor. the rooms are comfy and well appointed.	
Sep 24 2008 	Excellent Service	I'm an SPG Platinum Member, meaning I've spent a lot of nights in Westins and Sheratons. That said, I've never experienced a level of service at a Starwood hotel that we just enjoyed during our 8-night, post-Olympics stay at the Westin Beijing. As it was our first trip to China and we didn't know what to expect, we booked the airport pick-up service (580 RMB, less than the price of a cab in US $ from Heathrow.) Our flight was delayed 4 hours, but there was our escort waiting for us at the gate. He led us through our stops in the airport and to our luxury car, waiting downstairs. We were greeted at the car and led up to our room, where we signed our check-in documents. I'm a huge proponent of hotel club lounges - - the convenience factor in the mornings and the chance to chat with other travelers make them worth the extra price to me - - and was delighted by the hotel's &quot;Executive Lounge.&quot; Both the breakfast buffet (6:00-10:30 am!) and happy hour line-ups were extensive - - many hot and cold, Western, European, and Asian offerings. The space itself was huge, with many seating areas and great views. It was the staff, though, that really made the lounge special. There were always at least 4 friendly attendants at all times of the day, who greeted us, helped serve us, and had conversations with us (in excellent English). Downstairs, the lobby staff was just as attentive. One guy just stood by the elevators all day, greeting people getting on and off. There was never any waiting for help from the concierge, as there were always 2-3 people at that desk. The bellmen were extremely efficient at getting us into cabs and understood all of our English requests. The Spa (definitely US-priced) staff was equally concerned with our satisfaction. Restaurants staff, ditto. Need I say more? For a hotel of this size and activity level, I've never felt as valued as a guest.While there were a few times I regretted not being closer to &quot;the action&quot; by staying at the Grand Hyatt (where I'd also booked, then cancelled), in the end I appreciated the quieter neighborhood, away from the crowds, of the Financial District. We're runners and walkers and didn't mind the trek to the Forbidden City, Wangfujing, etc. Taxis were plentiful, quick, and cheap to the farther-out places we visited. We booked tours to the Great Wall and a local hutong through the concierge.What a great stay! The staffs at two of our less-than-average recent Westin hotel stays (Boston Harborfront and Grand Berlin) should take note of the level of service and friendliness that's possible at a Westin hotel.	
Sep 24 2008 	Excellent stay at the Westin Beijing	I just came back from 2 nights at the Westin in Beijing and I must say I had a wonderful stay. The rooms are fantastic, very comfortable with brand new amenities and a lovely bathroom. As for the facilities of the hotel, the gym and the swimming pool are amazing. I couldn't get over how stunning the pool area is!The location is also really good since you're only 3kms away from the Forbidden City and there are quite a lot of shops and eateries around. Finally, the service was impeccable. ALthough it seems a few people from the staff don't speak english very well, it was generally very good. Staff were friendly and cared about details. Special thank to the restaurant manager at &quot;Senses&quot; who was doing an excelent job.Definitely a top hotel in Beijing where you're sure to have a good stay.	
Sep 22 2008 	simply the best in beijing	i have been travel to beijing many times for both business and pleasure, and i have been staying almost every single beijing 5 star hotels from the ritz carlton to the grand hyatt. and i have to say this westin hotel at westside of beijing is simple the best. it's no aout the way this hotel look(all new hotels in beijing are stunning) and where it located it.( and to be honest, for anyone who knows beijing this location of the hotel is not bad at all), it's the people. and this is the only hotel in beijing i felt i been taking care of. beijingner usually don't have the idea how to serve guest, it's not in their blood. but the way westin train their stuff is turely something else... very impressive.	
Sep 5 2008 	Beautiful !! :)	I stayed here a year ago and know that my write up has been delayed its been on my list though! After spending 18months working and living in Lanzhou I decided it was time to treat myself before returning back to Australia, I stayed at the Westin for five days and found it amazing!! Every-thing was beautiful the showers and the pillows, the staff were always helpful and let me know all the great places to visit.The gym was up to date and the pool was nice, I found every-thing just awesome! It was so luxurious and I thought for $100. dollars a night for an apartment room I couldn't of done much better! I tell every-one about it and can't wait for my next trip to China just so I can stay at the Westin!	
Aug 22 2008	Clean and classy	Fantastic stay for the Olympics. The rooms are very clean and modern, comfortable beds, great bathtub with a window that overlooks the room. Pillows could be squishier. Service was great. Workout room was nice and clean. Near quite a bit via short taxi rides. The area itself is pretty sterile and obviously built for the Olympics. The spa charges American prices for massages. You can go to a nearby spa for a high end treatment for a third of the price.	
Jun 25 2008 	Very impressed!	ROOM:SInce I am a spg member, I tend to stay in Sheraton/Westin chains wherever I go and the Beijing Westin is now at the top of my list. Since this hotel is only a couple years old, everything is gorgeous from the cherry wood panelling to the marble walls in the bathroom. We initially stayed in a regular room and then upgraded to an executive suite- both of which are excellent except you get a bigger room and bathroom and a walk in closet. Really liked the modern design of the bathroom as the shower stall was separate from the bathtub and the shower head/stream came straight from the ceiling! SERVICE: The service was impeccable. Everyone spoke some English and whenever you were in the common areas, you were greeted and acknowledged by the staff. Extremely attentive..maybe because of the upcoming olympics? FOOD:Tried the buffet breakfast which was 35US- Surprisingly the chinese food was not the best (dim sum was very dry!) but the western cuisine was just like at home. Truthfully, in Beijing 35US can get you a 3 full meals with drinks worth of good restaurant food elsewhere but it's not too easy to find western breakfast in that area.VICINITY: the hotel is in the financial district and although it appears close to tiennamen square- it is NOT within walking distance. A taxi ride is about 10-15 min away depending on traffic but taxis are dirt cheap ($4US) for that trip one way. The subway is about a 15min. walk from the Westin and definately a good alternative if u want to do as the locals do. Across the street is a luxury mall with all the big brand names like Louis Vuitton etc-not much that is affordable here. Also in the area is your local Starbucks/Blenz coffee and some local fast food chains which are great for foreigners because their menus have pictures.	
Jun 16 2008 	Wonderful Stay	I have stayed in the Westin Beijing last month together with my boyfriend. As I am a SPG gold card member and the hotel is running full, they have upgraded me the renewal room. The room is really spacious and stylish. The bathroom was the best and with glass window overseeing the district. The receptionist mentioned to us that the renewal room come together with complimentary “bathologist”, then we decided to give a try on the second day. After a long day tour, we were exhausted and just remember that the “bathologist” was ordered for the time. The bathtub was set up with the right temperature of warm water and with floating flower leaves. Really nice to relaxe in the tub with the jade mask and the tailor make nice cold drink. The hotel is very convenient located in the center of the city though not that close to the forbidden city, and other tourist attractions. However, with taxis everywhere is not that far. We have been to Beijing before on business trips and also leisure tours, so the tourist attractions are not really our target this time anyway. We love to go to the “Hou Hai” (bar area) for drinks and just walk around in the lake makes us feel so good. It is just 10 mins by taxi away from the hotel. Definitely a good choice for us this time and we would recommend it to our friends.	
Jun 13 2008 	So surprise that this is a Westin	If it ain't the Westin, I wouldn't have written this. But, I would expect a bit more with a brand like the Westin.When I checked in, things were good. However, I noticed someone next to me wanting to change local money. Gosh, the reaction from the receptionist was unthinkable. She just brush the guest aside saying that there were too many guests checking in and they were busy.This morning, after an late (early) night checking out the nightspots, I was soundly asleep when the attendants just knocked and entered my room. Ok, so I forgotten to put the privacy sign on, shouldn't they be a little bit sensitive? Knock and enter! First time anywhere.I have a lot of sensitive business documents. I didn't really sleep much. So when I left the hotel I made sure I had the privacy sign on. Imagine me coming back with a bed well made up. These people do not care anything about what their customers want.Oh, also, when I left the hotel this afternoon, I tried my luck to change local money again. Same receptionist as per yesterday. She said she can't do it. Again. This time she told me that they are between shifts, so can I come back half an hour later. Funny. Does she expect her customers to stand there 30 minutes while they change their shift? Gosh.I patron the Westin in Paris, Shanghai and even Macau. Their heavenly bed is the best thing I ever experienced. Their services have always be good. If I were staying somewhere else, in China, I would have &quot;accepted&quot; it. But honestly, shouldn't we expect a little more from the Westin?Anthony, Hong Kong	
May 19 2008 	A Truly Refreshing Stay in Beijing	This newish Westin is really living up to its corporate goals of offering an experience of renewal and refreshment to guests. After spending a couple hours at the airport to meet a friend, then taking a taxi through Beijing's rather slow and crowded streets, all the while inhaling dusty fumes from the car window that just wouldn't roll up, we arrived at the Westin to pleasant greetings, the absence of a line at check in, and complimentary ice cold herbal drinks free flow next to the reception desk. Check In and Out: Check in was smooth, quick, and friendly. The counter is rather small, but the staff seem well trained and efficient. Same story for check out - it must have been a three minute process, then we were finished and on to our next stop. Don't miss the excellent herbal drinks and water next to the counter - a great place to stock up on water just before a day out on the town as well.Rooms: I often judge hotels by their bathrooms, and in this field the Westin Beijing excelled. Bathroom was spacious with plenty of counterspace for the things we brought as well as the hotel's rather nice ammenities. The shower and bathtub were framed by a large window with a beautiful city view and electric blinds, and rather than seperate, as in most modern hotels, they were just beside each other, partitioned from the rest of the bathroom by a squeaky clean glass door. The toilet had a rather comfortable one-size-fits-all seat, and was partially enclosed in a nook between the sink and the closet. The bathroom had two entrances - one via the room, and the other via the walk in closet. Very nice to walk straight from the shower into the roomy closet for bathrobe or clothes.The bed was comfortable, though the chair at the business desk was devine! I was temped to sleep in that. Service: The service button on the in room phone linked us to a friendly operator who was able to meet our requests quickly - everything from extra bottles of water to the change of a funny smelling pillow case. Housekeeping staff were smiley and pleasant as well.Club lounge staff were fabulous, and I highly recommend upgrading to club level for those who will be spending any time at the hotel. They seemed very happy to have us there, and from the moment I arrived to the day I left, they remembered our names and our preferences. I was suffering from a bit of a cold and sore throat, and 2 of the staff members went out of their way, every time they saw me, to brew a traditional Chinese medicinal tea to help with my problem. The lounge also features complimentary juices and drinks throughout the day, as well as 2 computers with internet (free of charge), a good breakfast, and a delightful evening happy hour with excellent wine, snacks, and delightful chocolates. Food: I was surprised by the commitment to quality this Westin showed when it came to food. From free flow chocolates in the club lounge to fresh squeezed juices at the 1st floor breakfast buffet, the food was really top notch. More than just quality though, it was fun. There were peanut butter and jelly pastries, very chocolately chocolate crossaints, and exotic fruit and dishes. Not your typical hotel food!Location: Financial street (Jin Rong Jie), where this Westin is located, is a very quiet part of Beijing, but still rather central. Tian An Men Square is a short taxi ride away, and the subway is a 15 minute walk (Fu Xing Men Station at Parkson), where, squished by the crowds, you can get a feel for why China has instituted a one child policy. A very high end shopping mall is across the street, featuring brands like Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior, and a fantastic supermarket with a huge selection of imports is in the mall's basement.Just across from the mall is a row of interesting restaurants, both western and Asian, including TGI Friday's, Pizza Hut, and a bakery or two.Value: Go to www.westin.com to book this hotel. Rates are great and you can find some great deals in the special offers section once you get to this particular hotel's page. I booked the &quot;Buy 2 nights get 1 free&quot; promotion, and it ended up being a very good deal.At this point, this is my favorite hotel in Beijing. With its combination of value, quality, dedicated service, location and modern comforts, one can't find much better in Beijing.	
May 12 2008	Westin Beijing - A Great Start of a Vacation	The Westin Beijing was perhaps the most luxurious hotel we have been in. The room was spacious, the California King-sized bed was very comfortable, the bath was decadent, and the appointments were extravagant. The bath had a large tub, a marble spa shower with a rain forest shower head. Beside the typical hair and bath gel products, they had complementary razor, tooth brushes, shower caps, combs, mouthwash, slippers and use of spa robes. The robe would have been able to wrap around the old me but now provided 1½ half overlap. The desk unit contained a refrigerator with a full compliment of juice, soft drinks and mixes. Another drawer had a Chinese tea service for one's use. The mini bar had assorted spirits and another drawer contained a bottle of wine and two glasses. Another section contained both occidental and oriental snacks.The breakfast buffet was as varied and delicious as the 1980s Berlin Officer's Club Sunday Brunch, a high standard indeed. Our goal was to eat oriental food the entire two weeks and with minor adjustments at breakfast, we did so. We began each breakfast with fruit; enjoying new items we had never tried before. The Dragon Fruit, Dragon Eyes, and Mango were complimented with pineapple, various melons, grapes and bananas. Next came Mako and Salmon followed by vegetables and salads. Each of us enjoyed the congee [Watery rice gruel that bears a marked resemblance to porridge. The variety of seasonings used to make congee ensure that it need not ever become boring. Congee can be sweet or savory; seasoned with everything from chicken to mushrooms. Often, the meat is marinated before being added to the rice.] We both preferred the savory condiments rather than the sweet toppings. We skipped the Western cereal, eggs, bacon, meat slices, and sausage but did sample the cheese platter options.	
May 9 2008 	Beatiful hotel but they messed up our booking!	We spent 6 nights in a two bedroom apartment in the residence side of the hotel. We had a very messy start, because we booked the apartment though www.servicedapartmentsasia.com and our reservation stated that the use of the 'bussiness lounge' was included in our rate. We arrived early in the morning from a night train trip from Xian, very tired and dying to have a nice breakfast. While we were having dinner at the 'bussiness lounge', we were told that this was not included in our rate and that we would be charged 400Y per day. After a long discussion with the manager (which wasn't completed until the following day) we were told that the website we had booked with had made a mistake and that we couldn't use the bussiness lounge unless we paid 400Y extra per day. For the 6 nights we were there, we could use the 'residents lounge' for breakfast which had a very very small selection of breakfast items, nothing to do with the bussiness lounge. I found it disappointing that our trip started that way and that we weren't offered the free use of the 'bussiness lounge' as stated in our reservation. Apart from that, great apartment, we loved the decoration of the hotel and the atmosphere was fantastic. We had dinner a couple of times at 'senses' and found the buffet of a high standard. Ann Marie was very kind and made her best to make us feel welcome.But I have to say that the best part was the Spa...Since my husband is a therapist, we have been to many different spas around the world, cheap and very expensive. Westin's spa definetly had the best decoration, service and atmosphere we had experienced, it was amazing, don't give it a miss!I would definetely go back, but confirming my booking first!	
May 8 2008	Good Business Person's Hotel	We spent 4 nights at the Beijing Westin Hotel in April 2008 as part of a China Cruise/ Tour. We found the hotel staff to be exceptionally helpful. The hotel for the most part was spotless except for the carpet in our room, which was very stained. Overall the service was very good The Italian restaurant was great. The breakfast buffet was superb, however, because we were part of a tour group we were required to sit out in the &quot;hallway&quot; with folding tables and stackable chairs (this was a big turn off since we were treated differently than the other guests). Service in the &quot;hallway&quot; was lacking.....we had to &quot;chase&quot; the wait staff to get a cup of coffee or tea (or refills). The swimming pool was tremendous, as was the steam rooms and staff therein. Although our stay was pleasant we would probably opt for another, more luxurious hotel, when we return to Beijing. As I indicated it's a good business persons hotel.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful hotel wonderful staff!	My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Westin. The hotel is new, absolutely beautiful, and has the most helpful, gracious staff we've met in years. Every staff member went out of his or her way to make us feel welcomed. Since my husband is a Platinum Starwood member, we were upgraded to a Renewal Suite and were able to use the club level lounge, which has a great breakfast and happy hour buffet. We had a wonderful stay here. We absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 17 2008 	A wonderful hotel	A wonderful hotel for business travelers. I have stayed there for 3 nights and attended a meeting held there. The hotel is centrally located in the Financial Street of Beijing, known as the “Wall Street” in China. It will only take 1 minutes walk to get to China’s “Regulatory Commissions” for banking, insurance and securities. This is especially convenient for people like me whose business is finance related. And cabs took 15 minutes to get me to the National theatre which is just next to Tiananmen Square. And I just noticed some giant finance companies are just located around the hotel, like Citi, GS and JP Morgan. The shortcoming for this is you can not easily get cabs in the rush hours in front of hotel. The room is great and well equipped. I personally like the huge Westin “Heavenly Bed” and the so-called rainforest shower. The most important point is the whole hotel is covered by wireless internet broadband, and it is free. I can easily go to surf internet when I was in a meeting and the wifi signal is strong in the venue. Staff is very friendly and their English is adequate. Every evening they have a ceremony down in the lobby showing some candle lightening up and Taiji show. However, the main corridor of the lobby is under construction and I suppose the ceremony should be better with a nice corridor. We used buffet in the restaurant in the 1st floor and found it is very busy in lunch time. We have to wait for a while to be seated when we tried to have a quick lunch there. Honestly, the food presented is among the best ones I have seen in Beijing. Staff in restaurant was very proactive and they even taught me some pronunciations in Chinese. Overall, Westin Beijing Financial Street is one of the best hotels in town with no doubts, especially for business travelers. I will definitely recommendate it.	
Mar 17 2008 	Residence rooms are the way to go	My husband and I used Starwoods points (11,500) to book a Westin Room for the second part of our stay in Bejing-March 11-16th. When we got to the hotel it was booked so they upgraded us to a two bedroom apartment in the Residence Tower. The apartment was fantastic in it's layout. We really enjoyed having the kitchen so we could stock it with drinks and snacks and breakfast items. The only down side to the kitchen was it seemed to have a strange odor so we had to keep the door closed when we weren't using it. It also was not fully stocked with dishes/utensils, etc. There were glasses but we had to request bowls/silverware. We did not cook anything but if we needed to we would have requested cooking ware also.It was really nice to be able to read in a real chair and sit on a real sofa instead of a bed to watch TV. There were actually three TV's - one in each bedroom and one in the living area. The only problem I had with the facility was I could not get a feather pillow and I found the pillow they had to be too bulking for me. I ended up using one off the sofa to sleep on.We found the staff to be very friendly and attentive. English was satisfactory and if they did not understand your question they were quick to get help from another employee.We thought the food in Prego, the Italian restuarant was excellent. I had the lasagna and was very satisfied with it.We also ate the breakfast buffet one morning when we had a long day planned. All of the food was excellent, the fresh squeezed juices were expecially nice.We ate one ala carte meal at the same restaurant, not wanting the buffet that evening. My husband ordered the Wonton Soup and when it came we discovered the Wonton's had shrimp in them. When I tasted the broth it tasted like seafood so I said he better slice open one of the Wonton's since he is allergic to shellfish. Sure enough it had shrimp in it - this was not noted on the menu so I would recommend if you have any allergies - ask to make sure there is not any in the dish you ordered.I used the ladies facilities by the swimming pool (and the pool). The jacuzzi had a very nice area where you could put your feet directly over some jets - nice after a long day of walking. The sauna and steam room were also refreshing. However one of the days the jacuzzi was cold instead of hot so I didn't use it.I used the Spa on the last evening to get a 90 minute Chinese Massage. The spa rooms are incredible - they have a private dressing room with an individual shower/steam room combination that has colored lights that rotate through the color spectrum. The therapist I had was very good although I did note a slight odor on her breath, probably due to a different food diet. I also had to ask her to use more oil/lotion since it did not seem to be moisturizing my skin very well and there was some friction when she was doing my hands. Note - they will ask you if you want a man or a woman so definately speak up if you have a preference.We had drinks in the lounge and they did a very good job with service and had entertainment - singers and a piano player. The lounge was busy during the week but quiet on the weekend. Definately more focused on the business traveler.We used the hotel &quot;limo&quot; for our transfer back to the airport on our day of departure. It was a very nice Mercedes and you definately felt luxurious riding in it.The hotel was not convient to walk to any of the tourist sites but taxis were very inexpensive. It also made it nice that it was very quiet every night due to the location.I would definately recommend the hotel for business/pleasure combination.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Accomodations and outstanding service	I went with my 2 kids for 4 nights in Feb. We stayed in the Executive Apartments and that was great for a family. It had bedroom living room and kitchen and I paid less 200CNY less than for a regular room. It is not centrally located, but there is a mall across the street with a grocery and everything you might need and taxis are cheap, besides the sights of Beijing are pretty spread out. You can't stay near the Forbidden City and still be near the Summer Palace or the Olympic Village. We had access to the club lounge with a great selection for breakfast buffet or we could have eaten in in our own kitchen. The hotel buffet restaurant was good, but they really had outstanding service. They worked with me on my pronunciation in Mandarin, since pronunciation in everything in being understood in Chinese. I think they were amused I was trying so hard to learn. They also went out of their way to help me, when I took money out of the hotel ATM and forgot to retrieve my card. They got a hold of the bank company and got them to retrieve my card and get it back to me even though the machine was not due to be serviced until later in the week.	
Jan 29 2008 	Wonderful Westin!	Fantastic hotel! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and had a very enjoyable stay! We stayed in a Renewal Suite and it was very spacious, very clean and so very comfortable. We had access to the Club Room and it's benefits - the buffet breakfast had a great selection and food was great. Unfortunately, the club room only includes breakfast and soft drinks/coffee throughout the day however no pre dinner drinks are offered which is suprising as pre dinner drinks are normally a standard offering for club room benefits...We booked this hotel even though we knew it was located in the Finance district - the Westin was offering a pay for 2, stay for 3 night deal so it was too good a deal to pass! Note, this hotel is pretty far from all the major tourist attractions and shopping. You will need to take a taxi to get around - note taxis are cheap though the taxi drivers dont speak english.The staff are very friendly however their english is limited - we found that we had to sometimes repeat ourselves before they understood us. Overall, a great hotel - we would stay here again!	
Dec 19 2007	Good for business travelers	Stayed here as part of a tour group in October, 2007. It's a very nice, modern hotel, geared towards business travelers &amp; groups. Location is good, with high-end shopping across the street. Walking-distance dining choices are limited, but the hotel has an outstanding (if expensive) buffet that has the broadest range of foods I've ever seen.	
Dec 19 2007 	A Class Act.	Westin in Financial St.Stayed here for 6 nights in late November in the apartments section. The two bedroom apartment was very well fitted out and very luxurious.Staff were courteous, knowledgeable and willing to help. English no problem.There are 3 restaurants within the hotel, and the hidden gem is the Chinese Restaurant tucked away in the far corner...it is simply fantastic. We kept going back to it as it is reasonably priced, food (lunch &amp; dinner) was something else and the service was excellent. Wine list was comprehensive, affordable and interesting without being over the top.Location is good, a short cab ride will get you to all of the major attractions. Subway is less than a 5 minute walk, although you want to think twice about using it.We have no hesitation in reccommending this hotel.	
Nov 18 2007	Wow!! Loved the Westin	If you are staying in Beijing, the brand new Westin is the way to go. Very convenient to the metro and all of the attractions. Spa was awesome, as were the restaurants inside the hotel, which, by the way, were NOT overpriced!	
Nov 15 2007 	Very pleasant stay	I stayed at this property while attending a conference at the Grand Hyatt. Now contrary to its name, the Financial Street doesn't really seem to be the center of attention (probably better off in the Wangfujing area), and does seem to be somewhat sterile (a little like Battery Park's NYC in the evening). On the plus side, it is just across from the exclusive Lane Crawford mall and some very pleasant, modern wide boulevards.The hotel itself was very pleasant indeed. As soon as I arrived, the staff all moved to help me get set for my room, and it was really as painless as I've seen. The room was lovely, and the rain shower in the room was an unexpected delight.I am sure in time cab drivers will know Weh-sze-ting. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Truly Relaxing 	Stayed at the Westin from Sept. 28 to October 4, 2007, or a total of 8D/7N. It was my first trip to Beijing and had wanted to explore the city, culture, people, history, cuisine, etc. etc. I had met my cousin from the US and he got an excellent rate for the room.Check-in and check-out were flawless. The rooms (we got a double), were spacious and tastefully furnished. The heavenly beds were exactly that... heavenly! After a long day of walking and sightseeing, nothing beats lounging/sleeping on these beds! The large rooms had all the amenities that one would expect from a 5-star hotel, (fridge, spacious closets &amp; drawers, bathrobe &amp; slippers, oversized desks, coffee/tea maker, flat screen tv, etc.). The bathroom had a separate tub and shower. Taking a warm shower in the powerful “rainforest shower” after a tiring day was a most welcome respite and was truly soothing and enjoyable. The only trouble I had experienced was that half the bathroom would get flooded after taking a shower. It took Westin 2 nights before they could seal the leak somewhere within the shower’s glass enclosures. Westin however was fast to clean up the mess after calling for help. Except for this little problem, service was exceptional and efficient overall. We had breakfast buffet a few times at the lobby restaurant “Senses”. It had a wide variety and combination of Asian and international cuisine. I also took a quick dip one evening in their 25 meter indoor pool and relaxed in a separate sauna and jacuzzi. Truly wonderful and soothing before calling it a night.Location wise, it’s not too far away from major city attractions. Taxi’s are plentiful, inexpensive and the best way to travel within the city. If you like to walk a bit, the subway station is only a 10 minute stroll away. Located in a newly developed area, there is not much to see since most neighbors are brand new commercial office buildings. There is however a new high-end mall across the street which also has an excellent food court. I enjoyed my overall stay at the Westin and would recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 22 2007 	Great hotel but no taxi drivers have heard of it!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and four days while touring Beijing. I love Westins so I was looking forward to staying here. The heavenly beds are not like the ones in North America but it is still a very comfortable bed. The shower is not the dual head heavenly showers like in the North American Westins I have stayed in but it was a rain shower (shower head in the ceiling) which was nice, but it was also have been nice to have a regular shower head. They actually did have one of those shower heads that you can detach but you can't use it like a regular shower head attached to the wall because it spits out at 90 degrees instead of 45 degrees. We were placed in a room that had a door so that it could be used as an adjoining room if necessary. The problem with this, is that the wall is SO THIN at the door that it's incredible. Right as we were drifting off to sleep the people in the next room walked in their room and we could hear EVERY word they said and I could even hear when one of the guys was crinkling up a piece of paper. The exact same thing happened the next night - right as we were drifting off to sleep, tired from a long day of being tourist they walked into their room and we could hear everything. We were already totally unpacked and I was so tired both nights that I didn;t have the energy to call and ask to be switched but to those that will be staying at this hotel, I would double check that your room doesn't have an adjoing door - you'll regret it maybe not immediately but later on. The next issue I had with this hotel its location in Beijing. Every evening when we had to return, I would dread hailing a cab because we would routinely get turned down at least once, sometimes twice before a cabbie would agree to take us there - they just don't want to go there. THe hotel gives you a business card from the address and street map showing where it is but the writing on the business card is SO SMALL, especially at night, that some cabbies couldn't even read it properly - ask for someone at the hotel to re-write it in large letters so that it is very clear. Also we found that cabbies tried to cheat us by taking us round about ways - your cabbie should drive south on leaving the hotel to the major road, that's the fastest way to get east where most of the attractions are. There were about 10 western restaurants within a two minute walk away, and for those who want something more authentic there is a hotpot restaurant very close by as well, just ask someone at the hotel how to get there on foot. I kind of liked having the western restaurants close by, they were good when you just wanted to grab something on the go, or when you need a break from cultural food. All in all, probably not the best hotel in the city but very good nonetheless.	
Oct 14 2007 	Out of the way but inexpensive	This is a very recent hotel that offers high quality ammenities and good staff but this hotel is far from the action. Definitely, it is the least interesting of the 10 or so hotels I tried in this city.Starting with the positive aspect, the rooms are spacious and well furnished. The hotel is out of the way from most interesting things (it is in the so-called financial district). While taxis are cheap, many drivers have not heard of the place and need to call the hotel for directions. It is also not fun being stuck in traffic most of the time.I found the staff polite and pleasant although they had this bad habit of barging into my room unannounced. I know I should use the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign more but they still should knock first or ring the doorbell.Also I find that the area lacks atmosphere. Unusual for Beijing, there is not a soul on the streets around there. The subway is a good 20 minute walk and there are not too many things around the hotel except some &quot;western&quot; restaurants. I was staying in the &quot;serviced apartment&quot; tower. Don't count on the kitchen to have any meals there. The drawers are empty. There is a kettle and some coffee and tea bags but no cup and no spoon!What I found most annoying however was the lousy internet connection. It is extremely slow and I continuously got disconnected. If you plan to do some work from your room as I did, you may decide to change hotel. This is what I had to do. Could not get anything done. Really really bad. Took me several attempts and over one hour to get this review in.The one saving grace is the price as I paid US$100 for a one bedroom apartment.	
Oct 14 2007 	Loved our stay	We stayed at the Westin with our 2 teenage daughters for 4 nights. We booked a suite in the residence section of the hotel for the amazing price of US$150 per night through a website. The suite was beautifully appointed and was very big - 131 squ meters with 2 bedrooms &amp; 2bathrooms, large sitting room with comfy sofas ( big screen tv and dvd) &amp; dining area, seperate kitchen with cooktop, oven, microwave &amp; washing machine / dryer combo. Both the bedrooms (one had a king size bed and the other had 2 double beds) were huge and both had flat screen tv's, desks and large bathrooms with all the amenities ( nice toiletries, robe &amp; slippers, umbrella etc). We were on the 27th floor with a lovely view. There building going on next to the hotel so not sure what the noise was like on other floors but as we were so high up it did not bother us.The breakfast buffet was teriffic with a huge selection but a bit pricy for China at US$20 per person. All the room service we ordered was nicely presented and quite good value. If you get stuck for food take a 15 minute walk from the hotel &amp; there is a Starbucks, KFC, and bit further on there is a pizza hut. We prefered to eat in neighbourhood restaurants so about a 15 min walk in the other direction is a street with bakery, small shops, tea shops &amp; about 5 - 6 restaurants. None of the restaurants we tried had English menus but they were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; we got by with pictures &amp; our mandarin phrase book.As other people have mentioned the Westin is a bit out of the action part of Beijing but taxis are so cheap it didn't matter. Although one day we had to walk back from Tianamen Square as no taxi driver would stop for us, it was on Oct 1st which is a national holiday for the Chinese so unbelievably busy. I think it was about a 30 - 40 Minute walk back to the hotel but just shows you can walk to places from this hotel if you need to!!!) We only had one taxi driver ( from the airport )who had slight trouble finding it but the other drivers were fine. Just make sure you don't get overcharged - we had one taxi driver who took us a very long way to the hotel but we indicated to him on a map that we knew what he was doing . When he tried to charge us we wrote down his taxi number &amp; he soon changed the price. The taxi industry in Beijing is regulated so they really frown on the drivers trying to rip tourists off &amp; they can get into trouble. The concierge and tourist desk share the same area. The girl at the tourist desk offered to book us tours around Beijing but it is just as easy ( &amp; cheaper )to do it yourself via taxi. But we did organise tickets to &quot;The Legend of Kung Fu Show&quot; through her &amp; they were no more expensive than booking directly with the theatre and the seats were great. She also booked a hutong tour for us with the Beijing Hutong Tour Company (the one mentioned in the Lonely Planet guides) and again it was no more expensive than if we had done it ourself. We decided to go through this company as there are lots of people touting &quot;Hutong tours&quot; and we have heard some of them are a bit disreputable &amp; take you to places you really don't want to stop at. The tour we took was RMB220 each &amp; was about 2 1/2 hours long. The guide we had was excellent. As well as touring the area by rickshaw we stopped off at Price Gongs palace &amp; had a private tea ceremony, visited the Drum tower and heard the drums sounded and this is worth going to just for the view over Beijing from the drum tower ( we had a rare clear nearly smogless day ) and also visited a retired archaeologist &amp; his wife in their courtyard home which was very interesting as my daughter studies history so there was lots of conversation &amp; laughter which our guide interpreted for us.Rather than have a guided tour we hired a taxi for the whole day via the concierge( I think it was about RMB 300 - 400 ) and went to the Great wall, Forbidden palace etc.This was my husband 4th trip to Beijing so rather that going to the Badaling (McWall) section of the great wall we went a bit further on to the on to the Mitianyu section which he said was not so busy &amp; much better. Get there early, it opens at 7.30, and you will beat all the crowds &amp; tourist buses. We arrived at opening and there were not many people about so we had the wall mostly to ourselves for a little while - we stayed a couple of hours and by the time we left it was starting to get very busy with cars parked the whole way down the hill so it must have been a long big walk for those people just arriving. There are 2 cable rides up - the 1St cable ride also has the option of taking the taboggan ride down which is lots of fun or you can take the cable car back down again.When we visited the forbidden palace you could not move for people and also most of the rooms are not open to the public at the moment as they are doing work on them in preperation for the Olympic games.We would definately stay at this hotel again and really enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 13 2007 	Good for business	I've stayed here twice now. It's perhaps the newest hotel in the financial district of Beijing. If I were a tourist, probably not my first choice for location. Check-in and check-out have been flawless. Even getting the Chinese tax receipt, fa piao, is fast which for those who need them, is a surprise.The rooms were decent sized with very good storage, in-room safes, multiple AC plugs, excellent broadband, mini-bar, comfortable beds and furnishings and excellent bathrooms.The bar downstairs is nice and service is good. I've eaten at the Italian restaurant twice and it too is quite good.There is no place nearby to eat unless you want Shanghainese food. In that case there's a restaurant across the street in the China Life building called Shanghai Xiao Nan Guo which is excellent. Also as the district is being expanded, the construction will start at 6am so and this will probably not change anytime in the next year or so.	
Sep 21 2007	too big for its britches	Spent 3 nights at the WB as part of a Viking River Cruise tour, and I must say I was dissappointed. It started out badly when we went for the buffet dinner. Our flight was late but they knew we were coming (there was over 100 of us); still it seemed as if they were miffed that we were there. As a matter of fact, one of the hostesses was only blatantly RUDE Chinese person we met on our entire trip. So dinner was not a pleasant experience. Our own electrical transformer didn't work so the front desk sent one up to us. We plugged it in and all the lights went out. They sent up a maintenence man and, after checking, determined the transformer was broken. He flipped the breaker and brought us another transformer which worked fine -- these things happen I guess. The sheets were scratchy; the pillows fat and hard.We called one night as we were getting ready to go out, and ordered two drinks from the room service menu. This seemed to be more than they could handle. I talked to several people trying to get someone who could speak enough English to place my order. Then we got a call saying they were &quot;out of&quot; one of the drinks we ordered. They ran out of vodka? OK so we cancelled the order, by then it was too late anyway, and we went to dinner at another restaurant. When we got back we got a call saying they tried to deliver our drinks but we were not in the room and would we like them delivered now? Then there's the fancy phone that supposedly does everything but whistle dixie, however it didn't work. There was a little hole in the side, so I thot maybe it was for a stylus-thingie but there was no stylus-thingie. Fingers and pens didn't work. We had to call the front desk for every request because there are no phone numbers for room service, maintenance, wake-up calls, etc. You're supposed to use your phone screen for these things and ours didn't work. There was no attempt to fix it.The hotel is beautiful, the rooms nice, but I think they need to pay a little more attention to the running of the hotel and a little less attention to the glitz.	
Sep 21 2007	Wonderful experience	I stayed at the Westin Beijing in April 2007 shortly after it opened. I am Platimum level for Starwood so perhaps my treatment by the staff was above average. Nevertheless, our expereince at this hotel was wonderful. The rooms are smallish but beautifully apponted. The executive louge was great. The staff was so responsive. It is not near any tourist sites but taxis are cheap and plentiful. This was my 13th visit to China for business and one of my nicest hotel expereience. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 20 2007 	Very good hotel	As the other reviews have noted, this hotel is not really close to any of the tourist sites, but as long as you have the name of the hotel written out in Chinese characters (something they are prepared for with many cards) it is not an issue. My wife and I stayed for three nights while visiting the city for fun. The concierge desk does share itself with the tourist desk and they are different, but not marked as such. One is trying to sell you packaged tours to make money, while the other can assist you in acquiring a much cheaper private car/taxi to see the same sites. The hotel has a clean spa with a sauna, steam room, hot tub and pool for all guests, which was quite refreshing after the long flight. The rooms were also decently sized and quite comfortable. The breakfast was quite good, with western and local selections. We enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 16 2007 	Good as a business hotel (for some) and not a good pick for others	On its website, the Westin Beijing touts itself as a place to &quot;Calm the mind. Excite the senses. Find renewal.&quot; Such claims are unjustifiable. The hotel is a busy hotel, with lots of construction in the neighborhood, huge wood room doors that, despite their beauty, are prone to slamming, and noisy service staff.What it is a true business hotel, in close location to major banks, the Chinese Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC), and the Chinese Insurance Regulatory Commission. If you have business with these entities or a conference at the hotel or in the area of the hotel, then I would recommend considering this hotel. Otherwise, I would consider other hotels in Beijing.This hotel is definitely not the best option for tourists--it is far away from major sites and the two nearest subway stations are a long haul (particularly in the hot Beijing summer). The hotel website underestimates the time to the airport and the train station, too. There is a so-called &quot;Bar Street&quot; near the hotel that will make you feel like you are in a mall in &quot;anytown USA (good for some, a horrible disappointment for others). On this Bar Street, you will find a Starbucks, a TGI Fridays, and other restaurants that have nothing to do with China. If you speak Mandarin, then there are food options within a 5-6 block radius of the hotel, but they remain a long (hot) haul by foot.On the positive side, my room was excellent in terms of size and amenities. All the equipment worked well. There was a room safe deposit box, sized to allow for the storage of one's laptop. The work space was good, too. The bathroom is nice, but the &quot;rain shower&quot; dumps water at a horrendous pace, a real luxury (waste?) in water deficient Beijing. Another plus is that the hotel offers various health drinks, bottled waters, and pre-packaged wipes to guests in an area near the reception desk.I found the staff uneven in quality. Sometimes they were friendly. Other times they were cold. Housekeeping employees sometimes cleaned my room properly. Other times they did not. Sometimes, concierge staff gave me good advice. Other times they seemed to have their own pockets in mind.To reiterate, I really would recommend this hotel only for business travelers having business in the area or at the hotel.	
Aug 16 2007 	Excellent Hotel and Staff	This is simply one of the finest Westin Hotels in the World. The location is close to all of the major tourist attractions and shopping.Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive.. Great breakfast and seafood buffets as well... The staff is attentive and most helpful and there is a convenient, staffed business center, as well.I would stay her again in a hearbeat....	
Jul 24 2007 	Loved the Westin-Should Be Rated Higher!	I know there are lots of good hotels in Beijing and this property is definitely among the best. On check-in my wife and I were greeted by the doorman and our luggage taken care of while we were escorted to the Club Floor for check-in. By the time this process was completed, the bellman had delivered our luggage and was waiting to explain the features of our upgraded suite. The breakfast and evening spreads in the Club Lounge were phenominal and the staff was falling over each other to help. Every evening one or two of them would stop by to find out how our day had gone and offer suggestions for the next days tours. Although the hotel is in the business district, it also caters to leisure travelers and is in an area that offers a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the heart of the city. Don't hesitate to book this property...you won't regret it!	
Jul 17 2007 	Top quality hotel in Beijing	The Westin Beijing is a new property in an area that is being built up with other top end hotels, lots of restaurants and shops. On arrival we were greeted at the car, our luggage was taken care of and we were escorted to the check-in on the club floor by a very nice hotel worker.Our room had been upgraded to what they call their Renewal rooms. It is a spacious (around 60sqm I think) room with a desk, a king size bed, LCD/Plasma TV, walk in closet and a very spacious bathroom with a large shower/hot tub area. Everything was new, beautiful, clean and top end. Very spacious. Nice amenities like soaps, shampoos, comb, nail files, etc. etc. were in the room. Large safe. Lots of dark wood. Everything smelled new and clean.The Renewal room included having a person prepare a bath every evening. While I am not interested in it, my wife was and we had it done. I didn't have the bath but it really smelled nice and there were lots of candles lit all around the bathroom. Very nice.There are several restaurants in the hotel. We tried the Cantonese (don't remember the name) and the Italian (Prego). Both had very, very good food, fantastic service and very good ambience. There is also a buffet restaurant (I don't like buffets so we didn't try it but it looked great), a sandwich bar (we didn't try) and a cigar room (didn't try but looked great).We would have tried more restaurants but our room included club floor access. The club floor has a very extensive breakfast buffet (Western and Chinese) and an evening cocktail services (enough food to qualify as dinner) with free drinks including wine/beer/liquor. Soft drinks and coffee (including espresso) is available throughout the day.If you get tired of the hotel food there are at least 10 restaurants within 2 blocks (3 minutes), Starbucks, smoothie place, KFC, Friday's, Chinese restaurant, French bakery, Japanese, etc.Service in the hotel was very good, world class. The room was made up in the morning, in the late afternoon and on request.The hotel staff was very eager to help with anything from recommendations for restaurants and sight-seeing to arranging tickets for the Beijing Opera.One small observation that is indicative of the hotel, when you press the elevator button it takes less than 1 second until the light above the elevator that will be coming lights up. The elevator arrives within a few seconds and in no case over 10 seconds. In so many hotels you have to wait forever for an elevator, especially at check-out time and at dinner time. Not at this one.We used the spa services, the spa area was very nice, quiet and beautiful. The treatment rooms had shower (with LED lights changing colors in the ceiling, looked like a starry sky) and steam shower. The therapists were very good and professional, it is very clear that no &quot;extra&quot; services are provided.The gym area is very well equipped with LifeFitness and other high end brands with LCD screens. I worked out in the morning, afternoon and evening. Always gear available. The gym also has  sauna, steam shower, large hot tub, showers (all these separate for male/female) and then a very large pool with a bar and access to the outside where you could sit in lounge chairs and have a drink.What are the negative observations? The Financial area is still like any other financial district, by 6pm it is pretty much dead and if you want a lot of people mingling in bars you need to take a taxi. I think this will change by next Spring when more entertainment is built up.The air pollution is second only to New Delhi in my view (but that's not the hotel, it's Beijing).You can spend a lot less money in Beijing than staying and eating here so if that's a concern you shouldn't stay here. I thought it was very good value for money, especially including the club floor.Summary: World class hotel, fantastic service, great restaurants, great gym, great spa.	
Jul 3 2007	very good hotel	I ve been stayed this hotel for three times,every time was a great experience. The bath room is really big with the seperate bath tub and the Forest Rain shower room.Bed was really cozy. They offer coffee machine, several tea bags and two bottles of drinking water. Location is good for business but not for travellers. 15 mins walk to subway station, 15 mins drive to Tiananmen square and 30 mins drive to CBD area.	
Jun 28 2007	Good	Overall good hotel.Rooms were comfortable and the food was impeccableThe buffet served is fantasticLocation bit out of the way but price of taxi's are nothing	
Jun 26 2007 	Good hotel with great Executive Club floor	Beijing was the first stop on our China trip, and we stayed for three days at the Westin. Being a Starwood Platinum member, I got access to the Executive Club floor, and must say it was one of the best experiences of the whole trip.Since the hotel is brand new, the room and the interiors of the hotel were all in perfect condition, and the health club was impeccable with a variety of new equipment and a nice view of the street below.Overall the staff was helpful, and the concierge booked a daytrip to the Great Wall for us. The location of the hotel is relatively central, but not walking distance to major attractions like Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. However, taxis are abundant and very inexpensive by US or European standards.As I said above, the Executive Club floor was great. It was a boon to come back there after a long day of sightseeing, and relax in the homely atmosphere with a drink or a cup of coffee. The staff was attentive and helpful, and the complimentary breakfast and evening buffets were truly amazing with plenty of dishes and drinks to choose from.	
Jun 22 2007 	Impeccable	This hotel is truly a jewel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. Everything is brand new (the hotel is brand new) and sparkling clean. The bathrooms are big, the shower unbelievable. The service was impeccable. The breakfast buffet and food in general truly excellent. I cannot compliment this hotel enough. The location was fantastic also - ever so slightly removed from the craziness of the city, an oasis of peace and tranquility. When I was there in March, the spa and pool weren't open yet but they looked very nice. The staff was more than accomodating, even by Asian standards. Like I said, I cannot rave enough about this hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	Disgusting (yes absolutely disgusting) room service	I have stayed at this hotel about a half dozen times on business travel to Beijing and until this trip would have given it a decent review. Yes, the staff has been clumsy, but they are usually polite about it. The rooms sometimes have amenities missing (like slippers) but they are usually very clean. I also used to think the Western food was prepared to a higher standard than at many other places in China.This time, however, the room service food was so horrible that ordered two different dinner items and didn't eat either of them. I had ordered this food before and while it wasn't great, it was good. This time, I first ordered a club sandwich, which you think would be hard to mess up. But this one was made on what tasted like Wonder bread and had the crusts cut off, which made it about half the size it should have been. There was so much rotten tasting mayonnaise that everything kept sliding off.I then ordered a proscuitto pizza, but this time it came out completely different from what I got before. It was burnt and tough but--much much worse--it was covered in what looked, smelled and tasted like American cheese. After trying one bite, which I spit out, I immediately shoved it out the door.It gets worse. I was so afraid to order again that I dipped into the Lay's potato chips in the mini bar. Unfortunately, the hotel seems to now stock the cheap Chinese Pringle's instead of imported Pringle's like other hotels. They were so greasy that they, too, went straight into the trash can.I'm not a picky eater so this experience was horrifying to me.	
Jun 9 2007	Comfortable hotel but couldn't care less staff...	I stayed 3 days in this hotel before heading home after nearly 3 weeks of solo travel in China. The hotel is very new and modern with most comfortable bed and I had a very enjoyable bufftet. I did not have any problem with taxi drivers as they all knew about Financial Street and InterContinental, which was one block from Westin.However, I did come across a few unacceptable responses from the hotel staff/service. I asked for direction to the nearest metro station, can you believe it ? no one knew, doorman, concierge plus one just shake their heads, may be Westin guests never use metro ! Eventually, I was pointed to a direction which would take me 20 min on foot, so I ended by taking a taxi to where I was going. The following day with a map, I strolled to the nearest metro station Fuchengmen in 5 min. This lack of basic local info from doorman and concierge is unbelievable.I am a Gold Starwood member and normally expect a newpaper in the morning. This did not happen on the first day, but even after reminding the guest services and they apologised for the oversight, it still wasn't delivered each morning, so I gave up.The hotel offered a shoe shine service. My shoes were returned in less than 5 min in the same state, is this Westin ? I have taken the trouble to write these comments on the guest feedback form. It has been over 10 days and I had no reply from the hotel management nor guest services, just like the paper !	
May 26 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	I am currently here at the Westin, Beijing. This is my first time here. I arrived on the 21st and will leave on the 31st. I agree that the taxi driver from the airport did not know where the hotel was located. I had the name and address of the hotel written in Chinese but we still had to stop (as it turned out) about 4 blocks away so the driver could ask for directions. However, I do not attribute that to the hotel. Yes, it is new and I can say a lovely hotel. All the staff without exception has been attentive, helpful and welcoming. I even had one of the staff from the executive lounge come to my room to retrieve a message from my phone that I could not understand. I speak about three words of Mandarin. English is not a problem for the staff. Any requests for assistance have been taken care of promptly and efficiently. I am truly impressed with everything and everyone here at the Westin. I travel a lot and stay in hotels about 120 nights a year, mostly for pleasure...boy am I lucky!...and this is a great hotel.As for the location I can say that it is not a problem since taxis are easily obtained and rather inexpensive. I enjoy walking and that is not a worry in this area. People on the street are friendly, greeting and smiling. I walked the mile or so to the Forbidden City and Tianenmen Square and enjoyed seeing the area between there and the hotel. It is a chance to see the city not just the usual crowded sights teeming with tourists.	
May 17 2007	Good Hardware; Poor "Software"	If you're here with a tour group, as we were, this is a fine hotel. But traveling on your own, forget it! Despite the great rooms and luscious buffets, the poor location and staff's attitude make this Westin less than ideal.The hardware - the room and furnishings - are swell. Large, comfortable, and clean. A long desk with plenty of outlets. Three chairs and a huge, comfortable bed. Separate tub and rainforest shower, although the faucets and showerheads are a triumph of design over function. The air conditioning is designed to keep the room several degrees higher than programmed. And you'd best step lively into the elevators, which ambush pokey guests with their fast-closing doors.The software - the staff - leaves much to be desired. Although the breakfast and dinner buffets are huge, lavish and delicious, when we ordered a la carte the service was maddeningly slow. Most secondary employees, including bell and lobby staff, barely speak English, and the desk staff isn't that great either.The location is useless for tourists - far from any attractions and a long walk to the metro. Nothing around but offices and a few coffee shops (see photo).We had planned to stay over several days past the end of our group tour. But the staff refused a number of requests to put us in our reserved Executive room on arrival, forcing us to change rooms in mid-stay. Facing this unfriendly attitude, we changed hotels instead - to the Grand Hyatt, with a much better staff and location. We stayed at four Starwood properties on our trip to Asia, and this Westin was the only one whose service didn't even approach the standard of the other three. It's fine for group or business travel. But tourists - you can do better.	
Apr 29 2007 	Shiny and new but with problems	I wrapped up a recent trip to China with a three-night stay at this very new property located in Beijing's equivalent of Wall Street. The hotel is definitely geared to middle-management finance types as each day of my stay featured at least one corporate function or reception.Pros: Everything is new. The rooms are spacious and well-outfitted with wi-fi, flat-panel TVs, work desks with plenty of easily accessible outlets (still no dedicated 110V AC outlets though), multi-line phones, etc. The fitness center is comprehensive and the pool (unlike others I've seen in China which are clearly designed for leisurely dips) actually features lane lines for those of us who prefer to swim laps for fitness. The breakfast and dinner buffets in the Senses restaurant were stunning both for their quality as well as the vastness of the selection. Both local and Western dishes are on offer, including (at dinner) steamed crab, lobster tail and prawns. Also, the best gelati and sorbets I had in a long while.Cons: Every_one_ is new. Almost all of the hotel's personnel, it seems, are still in training. Although the food was fantastic, the same could not be said of the restaurant staff who ranged from slow to forgetful to sloppy. At times, it seemed that there was no rhyme or reason to their assignments and many seemed to be wandering around aimlessly. The sound of glasses and plates breaking was attendant to every meal I had. And on one particularly hurried morning, I was unable to procure a cup of tea during the entire time I was seated for breakfast. I managed a chat with an assistant concierge who, though very congenial, acknowledged that he was spending six months working at the Westin in Beijing as part of his as-yet uncompleted hospitality degree from a school in Switzerland.The inexperience of the reception staff showed clearly when it came to resolving a customer satisfaction issue. During my last night, the flat-panel TV in my room failed. I mentioned this upon check-out and asked as compensation that the cost of two drinks I had ordered in the bar the previous night be waived. After some hesitation, the girl helping me went into the back office, presumably to confer with the duty manager. The answer came back: no, with apologies. I guess that was all they were prepared to do. So my last impression of the hotel was decidedly negative. Too bad.There are two Starwood properties next door to one another in Beijing: the Westin and the St. Regis. Both are nearly brand new. I wonder if all the better staff candidates were sent to the St. Regis and those guests of the Westin like myself were made to deal with the second-tier applicants. Can't prove it, but can't help thinking it either.	
Apr 28 2007 	Wow...Very impressed!	This was my first stay in Beijing &amp; I was obviously apprehensive on where to stay. As a Starwood preferred guest I thought the safest bet was to try out the new Westin. What an experience!From the start, check-in was a dream (I did book the exec lounge floor)....two porters &amp; a concierge manager took me to the 26th floor &amp; booked me into my room. I had access to the lounge breakfast &amp; evening happy hour (free drinks &amp; assorted food each night). The hotel team remember your name (freaky at first but nothing bad intended...just good customer service), and will do anything to help.One word of advice for travelers, take plenty of single US dollars with you. A dollar is seen as a very high tip &amp; if handed out correctly will take you from visitor to superstardom!On average I spend 140 days a year in hotels, to say this is among the top hotel experiences I have had is a huge compliment....thank you Westin, you have outdone yourselves! Or as they say in China.....ShiShi	
Apr 24 2007 	Excellent Business Hotel!		
Mar 31 2007 	beautiful but not for tourists		
Mar 30 2007 	Perfect Hotel		
Mar 17 2007 	Excellent hotel		
Feb 26 2007	Fab Hotel Great location excellent staff		
Jan 27 2007	The best hotel experience in Beijing		
Jan 10 2007 	Could hardly be any better		
Dec 15 2006 	Great experience due to both attentive Staff and Facility		
Nov 13 2006 	Excellent new hotel watch the location (for now)		
Nov 21 2009 	???????		
Jul 10 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 20 2009 	5??		
Mar 17 2009	???????????		
Sep 16 2008 	??????????????????		
Sep 15 2007 	Excelente hotel		
