	Great Stay for parents wife and the kids	Had two interconnecting rooms over 4 nights. Lovely hotel in great location.Rooms very smart and well appointed. The room was serviced twice a day.Lobby very impressive however the shops on the lobby and two basements floors are very niche / expensive.Breakfast was very very good and restaurant nicely decorated. Fortunately included in our package else its about RMB240 each.Had dinner in same restaurant however that was very average with a limited menu selection I felt.Swimming pool lovely and always empty. Temp nice and warm and plenty of towels etc provided on all the chairs.Good Wi Fi coverage in both the rooms - Complimentary - Wish more hotels did this.	
	Luxurious with a great value!!	I stayed at The Peninsula with my classmates for sightseeing around Beijing. The location is amazing if you are looking for night markets that are just around the corners or fastfood places like Mcdonalds and KFC. Great window shopping by the international brands boutiques in the hotel lobby, and AMAZING breakfast !! Hotel staff are all good english speakers (which is very rare in Beijing) and are very friendly. A lot of personal touches like notes left in the room from the hotel, and even a complimentary cake for anyone celebrating their birthday while their stay at The Peninsula... I would reccomend this hotel to anyone who is looking for an amazing time at Beijing !!	
Nov 23 2009 	What you would expect	Stayed here for 3 nights - What you would expect from a 5* hotel, but nothing special.Location is as good as anywhere in Beijing. The City is enormous so not matter where you stay some attractions are going to be far away. This close to Forbidden City though, and some good shopping nearby.Hotel itself is nice. Lobby bar a little disappointing, seems like something of an afterthought. Prices are steep for Beijing, though service is on the whole very good. The breakfast buffet downstairs in their restaurant was good; didn't eat there for any other meals so can't speak for the other 2 Chinese places.Rooms were very nice. Big flatscreen, dvd player. Lots of plugs, including a UK 3 pin plus which was a nice touch. Bed very comfy, though pillows a little soft for me. Great bathroom with plenty of room, decent shower. TV a nice touch but fairly pointless.Overall a very fine hotel and we got a great deal which made it even better. Service is up there with the best. So you get exactly what you pay for.	
Nov 23 2009 	Non-smokers hate	I know mainland still has people with bad habits, but i didn't expect people to smoke in a non-smoking floor. Even after complaining to management, nothing was done clearly to correct this issue. Not to blame the hotel management, but more of the citizens and travelers in China. Overall great service in hotel, they treat you like KINGS in the pool and fitness area. Their Chinese restaurant located at the atrium of the hotel is superb.	
Nov 21 2009 	Now know the meaning of excellent service	Returned yesterday from a 5 night stay at the Peninsula. If you don't mind going to Beijing in the cold weather (40s F this week), grab the fabulous winter package the Peninsula offers on their website for under $200 US per night. We arrived at the airport from the US at 1030 pm to have a Peninsula limo waiting for us as part of the hotel package. The driver called the hotel a minute or two prior to our arrival and no less than 5 hotel personnel were waiting, bags whisked away and the check in clerk guided us to effortless check in and up to our room, coinciding with room service bringing us a welcoming tray of hot chocolate and cookies. The absolutely fabulous breakfast buffet is included in the rate and it was a wonderful way to start each day. They even open at 530 am, which allowed us breakfast prior to our 615 am checkout. The room was lovely and absolutely no complaints as we do not have a problem with firm mattresses. Room service was efficient and the highly rated Chinese restaurant in the hotel was excellent.As to location, it is perfect. A huge pedestrian street is the second block to the left of the hotel and from the end of that it is a 10 minute or so walk to the Forbidden City. CITS travel service is in the building to the right of the hotel and we arranged a tour to the Great Wall at Mutianyu with them. But, the mandatory stops at the jade showroom and silk showrooms ruined the day for us and I would advise hiring your own driver so that you can set your own itinerary. We used the subway system, which was easy to navigate and taxis, when you can find a metered one, were cheap. But, getting back to the Peninsula, It is the first time I can say it was a perfect stay at a perfect hotel.	
Nov 14 2009 	Perfectly adequate	The colour scheme of the room is a little bit drab in grey and business like but everything worked well. The bed was hard, as are all the beds in China, but they tried their best when I complained and bought in an inch thick mattress topper which slightly helped. There was a nice large flat screen TV and a DVD player that played region 2 (European) DVDs. The view was uninspiring and looked straight into the building opposite. The bathroom was on the small side but was well lit and had a vanity mirror and a good hair dryer. The bath had a shower over the top. One interesting gadget was a useful display which told you the temperature outside. There was a decent sized safe. Breakfast was good, with a good range of things on offer. They charged for internet access which was annoying given that I only needed a little time to check e-mails. When my guide didnt arrive to take me to the airport for my onward bound flight to Xian they were able to quickly get me a taxi at 6.40am and it only cost me ten pounds. They had quoted me considerably more when I enquired about day trips to the Forbidden City and the Great Wall (about 250 pounds for the day which I felt was excessive and so didnt book). The main shopping street is very near by as is a little supermarket where the till assistant spoke good English! Also the dumpling restaurant street Jingli something or other is walking distance too.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best area	The Peninsula is located near the Forbidden City, a pedestrian mall and a subway stop. Although it is expensive, the service and rooms are top notch. The Hilton is only a block and a half away and offers the same perks at a lower price.	
Oct 27 2009 	The Finest 5 Star Hotel in Beijing	This was my 5th stay at the Peninsula in Beijing. The service as always was excellent. Large King Size Suite, fresh fruit everyday placed in room. Room serviced on time everyday. The food at this hotel is excellent at breakfast, lunch or dinner. The front desk as well as the Concierge was all at the top of their game. I plan to stay there in 2010 when I return with a new and repeat group of friends. I booked a regular King room and used my Platinum American Express for the free up-grade.haroldsargent USA	
Oct 26 2009 	Brilliant hotel	Stayed in Oct 2009 in a Grand Deluxe Room (1850RMB). Fab location, fantastic and faultless service. Room is not huge but high quality fixtures and fittings. Super shower, great gym. Nothing was too much trouble with the staff. Cards with each restaurant that they have booked for me was handed over by the Concierge with distance and names/address in Chinese - now that's what I call special service. On Beijing - friendly people, but do watch out for occassional spitting on the street and lots of people braging in queues. Taxis are very cheap although driving standards can be scary, and traffic can be heavy. Recommended restaraunts are:-Da Dong Beijing Duck (the best Chinese in town)Maison Buloud (the best French in town)Huang TingCrystal JadeMy Humble HouseMade in ChinaBut avoid Whampo House in the Financial District.See Forbidden City, Great Wall, Summer Palace, Temple of Heaven, Legation Quarter, hutongs, CCTV building and Olympic village. For more tips, see the section listed under Beijing.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great service but there are better value out there	The Peninsula is one of the old grand hotels in Beijing, and it shows. But the hotel staff is perhaps the most friendly and professional in town. The food is absolutely tops. If you don't mind paying more for these while getting a not so special and smallish room for your money, then it is highly recommended.	
Oct 24 2009 	fantastic	Great hotel and great service. Was very tired after the long flight from Florida. Had the hotel limo pick us up. Was a great idea as you can feel very overwhelmed when getting off the plane. Room was comfortable and decorated with taste. Had a nice nap and when we woke up went to the restaurant where we had a great dinner. Atmosphere was lovely and tranquil. Location was also great. Have nothing negative to say about the hotel	
Oct 13 2009 	Stunning Hotel with World Class Service!	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at the Peninsula on the first few days of our honeymoon in China. I have to say this is the best place I have ever stayed, we were upgraded to a superior deluxe room on arrival as we were on our honeymoon.The room and all the hotel facilities were just perfect. The staff and their attention to detail were absolutely amazing. On our return to the hotel for the final part of our holiday we were greeted with a 'welcome back' gesture of wine and cake and personalised note from the manager. You just don't get this level of service anywhere else.I would definitely reccomend this hotel and hope to return again. Enjoy!!! PS.Great Location, literally 5 mins and you are in the main shopping area.	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent Service and Location	I booked 2 rooms for 5 nites from 18.9.09-23.9.2009 and requested for connecting rooms which were granted upon arrival. Check in was smooth, the rooms were clean with sufficient space, personal fax and complimentary free internet service. When my sister fell ill one night, we called the hotel staff for an ambulance which they arranged with speed to take her to the best hospital in Beijing, Peking Union Medical College Hospital (International Medical Services) and assured us of the same. The management and staff had helped us tremendously throughout our ordeal, keeping in close contact with the hospital on my sister's wellbeing, preparing breakfast takeaway every morning to hospital and offering us all the assistance needed. Perhaps their fast efficient and timely action had saved my sister's life. Location of the Peninsula is excellent. It is near the Wangfujing walking street, night market and you could even walk to have the peking duck at Da Dong Roast Duck Restaurant at Jing Bao Tower. At the exit of the hotel just turn right and at the end of the road turn right again. If I ever return to Beijing, I would not hesitate to stay at the Peninsula again. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts, Peninsula for all the assistance, patience and caring rendered during our stay there.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent hotel - great location	We stayed for 5 nights in a Club Deluxe Room which meant that you could enjoy the facilities offered in the Club Lounge which when we tallied it up provided us with value for money and we met other club members and enjoyed drinks and food in quiet comfort.Room was very functional - little small but fine. Bed was great and large. Internet complimentary and worked well. Bathroom great [but shower over bath though]. Club Lounge provided substantial breakfasts that got us through to lunch time and they provided free bottle water which we took on our daily sightseeing walks. You can ask for extras and they will provideHad lunch in Hotel Chinese restaurant once - expensive for what you get.Best Peking Duck is Da Dong [taxi ride from hotel]. Look it up on internet - excellent duck, Chinese food and service [English waitress available to assist and to call for taxi after]. Will definitely return to there.If it is to far to walk to daily destinations - take taxis [cheap as chips]. Concierge will give you a &quot;take me to ...&quot; card which you can show to taxi drivers. Excellent - as for one its free.Silk Market is great for shopping - &quot;yes&quot; you will probably pay too much as most of us are not used to their aggressive selling [theatrical really]. But if you like what you see and it is far cheaper than what you would pay in your home country price and - then be happy. with the price even if someone tells you that you could have paid less. Offer them the lowest price to start with as you will work the price up but not down. Best advice - decide on your top price in your mind and if it reaches that then walk away and keep on walking most of the time they will chase you to say 'ok' and then tell you that they are doing you a favour - just smile and give them the money. If they dont you will probably see the item in another stall. Will definitely return to The Penisula Beijing as it met all of our expectations and more. Beijing is a great city to visit for culture/sightseeing and shopping.	
Sep 17 2009 	Only perfection	This is absolutely the best city hotel I ever been in many ways. Perfect service, friendly staff, while still being relaxed. No is not an option for anyting. Check in was extremely fast, breakfast and dinner were stunnig. Very nice decorated room, with a tv at the end of the bath. Rooms were good size. Location is great, forbidden city and a luxury shopping area within walking distance. Really enjoyed this hotel and it is very hard to find any faults.	
Sep 16 2009 	Writing from the hotel room now...	As I type this in the hotel room, I would like to explain that I am not accustomed to such luxury. To me it is luxury, to others is it not.---I am staying at this hotel for about 2 weeks. For the past 3 years I have been coming to Beijing, to see family. Although smoggy with disastrous traffic, I love this city.I entered the hotel with my cousin via taxi. There are two doormen whose job is to push the rotating door for you.That was strange...but awesome.The street level floor has reception and the bar. On either side of the floor is Chanel and Louis Vuitton. On the two bottom floors there are more designer stores like Armani. The reception staff was very nice and they spoke English very well. Of course if you cannot understand English with a Chinese accent, you are doomed.Their accents were not too bad, but I am used to it.If there is something mundane that a hotel traveler is used to and their is a staff person close, they will usually do it for you.Example, a receptionist pushed the up button for my cousin and I, when we were going towards the elevator. The bellhops bring your bags to the door. Mine were 2 heavy duffel bags, so they brought two people.The hotel is located 1 block or so from Wangfujing street, a popular tourist spot that has everything you might need. Immediately around the corner there is a market where you can buy water, snacks and shampoo. I recommend not drinking the tap water if you have a sensitive stomach or if you are not from China. It can easily upset your stomach. Boiling the water is fine though.---Still trying to recover from jetlag, I caved and ordered the Chinese breakfast room service.Also, I do not know what &quot;business casual&quot; actually is for the restaurants...haha.For 24 USD, it is quite a helping of food.Congee (rice soup), fresh fruit, fresh juice, chinese pickles, tea, dimsum and noodles.They even had little mini char siu bao!It was very good, although not as good as homecooked.I decided to head to the pool before my spa treatment.You sign in with your room number. If needed you can have a locker key to keep your things in. I was not sure how to dress when going down to the pool, so I just wore my clothes.Inside the locker they give you a towel, a bathrobe, poolside slippers and a few coat hangers.Before you enter the pool, you must walk through ankle deep water to clean your feet.A woman is inside the pool area to assist you. When you enter she lays out towels on a sun-chair, gives you a bottle of water and a magazine. There are also goggles if you need them.She spoke enough English to communicate the needs.The pool was a little cold, I will admit. Then again it IS 84 degrees outside....Although I do not know if it her job, I assume it is, she turns on the shower for you and dries your bathing siut too. I am used to using the bathing suit dryers myself, so I assumed the patron did it. But she said no no and dried the other half of my suit.--- If you stayed with me through this whole review, congrats!But joking aside, I really do like this place.If you are a business person or are used to total luxury hotels, this might not be for you.I am the kind of person who does not need an extra sitting room.	
Aug 27 2009 	Recommended but doesn't quite live up to the Peninsula Standard	We stayed at the Peninsula Bejing for 6 nights in a Grand Delux Room. We had two reasons for choosing this hotel:1. The location2. We stayed at the Peninsula in Bangkok and were hoping this would be a similar experience.Firstly the location is excellent. It was walking distance from the food street market, and the &quot;night&quot; market. The shops and shopping mall's were near by, T Square, F City etc... very close by and no need for a taxi. The best part for us was that in the evening we could walk out, eat, shop around, sit down have a drink and people watch!Now for the hotel itself, the service lived up to the Peninsula standard and we can't fault it in any way. However, the room not so. The room was OK but not what we expected after the Peninsula in Bangkok. I think if you are considering staying in this hotel the minimum category of room you should book is a Grand Delux Room anything less will not be a 5 star standard. Also the lobby and mall is really quite and it dosen't have the grand feel that you expect.We used room services a a couple of times and ate in the western restruant (can't recall the name) once, and had breakfast. It was all as expected and very good.I would recommend this hotel to anyone considering it, and I would stay there again if the price was right. However, it did not live up to the standards we expected.Hope that helped	
Aug 13 2009 	One of the Best in Beijing	We have stayed in the peninsula for 3 nights in June 2008. The hotel is very well located for the main shopping and also for dinner. You can see immidiatly their high standarts, very classy, clean and the staff is really good. Food for breakfast is amazing!Swimming pool is good and you can spend some time there to relax.Very Good Hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	The place to stay in Beijing	I stayed in the peninsula for three nights in July. It was my second stay there - the previous one having been in 2006. the peninsula has maintained its high impeccable standards. The hotel is located ideally located for the main shopping areas and Tianemmen square as one could want. the level of Service was as good as one could want. As others have noted, the location does mean that one does occasionally get hassled by art &quot;students&quot; and those wanting to push other servicesbut you can learn to ignore those. The Spa which has been refurbished since my last visit is excellent and has one of the best relaxation areas I have seen any where. The swimming pool is also of a good size and has excellent relaxation beds. Highly recommended.	
Jul 30 2009 	Everything top of the line...	Conveniently located within an easy walk to the Forbidden City, Tienanmen Square, the pedestrian shopping street, and &quot;food alley&quot;, the Peninsula never lets your forget that you've signed up for five-star service. Friendly, competent hotel staff listen to your requests and answer all your questions. The rooms weren't overly large, but they were well appointed with TVs in all the bathrooms, and free wireless internet in the room. The buffet breakfast is wonderfully diverse, complete with everything from fresh-squeezed OJ, bagels with lox &amp; cream cheese, and con gee. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 24 2009 	I've Seen the Promised Land	I've never had a more pleasant hotel stay than my recent week at the Peninsula Beijing. Everything was first rate. In fact, the service was so over-the-top attentive that, for an independent-minded sort like myself, it was mildly annoying, at times--like the bathroom attendant who turns on the faucet for you. But I mean that in a good way, if that makes any sense. Pay up to stay on the club floor. The included breakfast alone is worth it--good coffee, a broad selection of Eastern and Western foods--and the happy hour (also included) is a very pleasant bonus after a day spent working or touring a sometimes hot, clamorous city. Plus--for you non-Mandarin speakers--the staff in the club speaks the best English in a hotel where nearly everyone speaks well. The Peninsula's gym and the pool are some of the better ones I've seen in a hotel. They were included in the price of our room as was internet access. And the location, assuming you want to be in the center of the city, is excellent--an easy walk from all the major sites.	
Jul 21 2009 	Best in town!	I have stayed at the Peninsula Beijing several times, and it is ALWAYS good!From the moment they pick you up at the airport with their swanky Rolls Royce it sets the standard for the perfect stay. Ok, the lobby is a little 90´s with the tacky marble horses and staircase, but it is the people that works here that makes the stay memorable! The rooms are very comfortable with all the equipment you can desire. The towels are the thickest you can get anywhere. The spa is a part of the ESPA chain, that you can experience on other top hotels as well. Great treatments everytime, but expensive.....Pool and fitness area are top notch!You have to try the crispy duck in the restaurant in the basement, worlds best! The interior of the restaurant is also worth an extra glance, spotless and cool! In a city where service still is &quot;a new kid in town&quot;, the Peninsula is the place to be!	
Jul 10 2009 	Top notch service	I have absolutely zero complaints about this hotel. The room was great and we had plenty of room. Bathroom with TV was excellent. The bed was hard, but still comfortable if that makes sense. Every member of the staff was extremely helpful. It's really the small details that impressed me - when I had to call housekeeping, the woman answered the phone in English and used my name (almost all the employees called me by name). After calling housekeeping to get some drinking water one time, I didn't have to call anymore. They would come into our room when we were gone and leave us tons of water and fresh ice. The location was good, however we encountered a few cabs throughout the city who refused to drive us to this hotel. I don't know if they didn't know where it was or just didn't want to go there. Breakfast was great - omlettes made to order, waffles, fruit, pastries, breakfast meats, and some Chinese selections as well. Service at breakfast was outstanding. You don't expect your chair pulled out for you at a buffet, and certainly not everytime you get up. Breakfast was inclulded in our room rate. I wouldn't have paid for it otherwise as it was expensive to purchase on its own.Overall, this was an excellent hotel and not as expensive as other Peninsulas.	
Jul 6 2009 	Old classic but luxurious and dependable as ever	I stayed here for 4 nights in June and got an excellent rate via the British Airways website. I first stayed at the Peninsula Palace Hotel about 9 years ago and have been back many times. Despite the huge growth in number of international 5-star hotels in Beijing, this grand hotel is still one of the very best. I cannot understand why this hotel is not ranked in the top 3 in Beijing. The service here is as impeccable as ever. Staff in the restaurant at breakfast are attentive and efficient. The buffet breakfast is excellent with many choices. The rooms are very comfortable, although without an expansive view (as most rooms will look into a neighbouring office building). The Chinese restaurant in the hotel is one of the best in the city. The location of the Peninsula cannot be beaten, a few minutes from the department stores on Wangfujiang and a few minutes away by taxi from the Forbidden City. There is a supermarket around the corner for snacks and bottled drinks if you do not want to use the more expensive minibar in the room. Across the road are 2 other newer hotels i.e. the Regent and the Legendale. Both of these hotels look good although I cannot make a comparison as I have not stayed at either. The Peninsula is an excellent choice and a safe bet for those who want a comfortable hotel with proven great service in an excellent location. There is a high end mall (e.g. Chanel, Gucci etc) in the basement levels of the hotel although this is usually empty of shoppers. Note - as the hotel is located in an area of 5-star hotels, and therefore abound with &quot;wealthy travellers&quot; by Chinese standards, you are likely to be approached by young women offering &quot;massage services&quot; if you go walking in the evening. Pretty harmless but worth being aware of. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will come back here again, despite the competition.	
Jun 21 2009 	Luxurious and perfect for a biz trip but lacking personality	This is definitely a 5 star hotel with very nice rooms and top notch service. If I were going back for work, I would definitely stay again. However, if you are going to Beijing for fun, this might be a little boring. It feels very luxe, complete with high-end shopping mall built right in. I supposed I was hoping for a bit more old school Peninsula.	
Jun 16 2009 	All nice and fancy but it lacked something	Excellent service; great breakfast; AMAZING spa - out of this world. But the rooms were smallish and there was something lacking with the place. Think more memorable places exist for less money.	
Jun 14 2009 	Classy hotel	Peninsula hotels are very famous in the world and pretty expensive too. But, I found this one very cheap on orientaltravel.com site. It was around 120 USD, or something like that. I don't remember any more. Rooms were great, but there was no view...Hotel is excellent, on reception floor and two floors down is a luxorious shopping centre with all designer shops...I am sure Peninsula is one of the best hotels in Beijing...	
Jun 9 2009 	Tops as usual	The staff is great; rooms are fine; service is excellent. The shops in the hotel &quot;ain't&quot; bad either.The location is convenient for sightseeing. We just like the hotel!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Peninsula Class - Great trip to Beijing	fabulous trip to Beijing. The level of experience we expect from the Peninsula was delivered - and more. Very friendly staff. We ordered for some Yang Zhou fried rice at midnight (an hour after the Cantonese restraunt had closed), but the friendly man on the other end of the phone got hold of someone from the overnight dining kitchen who made a variant of the fried rice (he admitted it wouldn't be &quot;original&quot;) which was very good!!overall very well appointed hotel, great spa, good pool (though heated, but temp. should be kept higher than it is) and very prompt service (housekeeping as well as in room dining)	
May 4 2009 	Excellent value for money would stay there every time	This was our first Peninsula and we had been warned that it wouldn't match up to the lofty standards of its sister hotels in New York and Hong Kong. We don't have that for comparison but we did compare it against our stay in the Four Seasons in Shanghai and the Peninsula beat it marginally despite it being a lot older. The staff was genuinely friendly and we appreciated the guest officer taking us on a mini tour of the room. We loved the amenities provided as well as the bathrobes and bed. There was a wide variety at breakfast, sufficient to satisfy any craving, and we really felt welcomed everywhere we went. We had afternoon tea at the Peninsula (provided as part of our Winter Escapade package), which was good, although not quite as glamorous as its Hong Kong counterpart. One good thing about the hotel is that it provides complimentary high speed internet access in its rooms - high time other hotels followed its example and stopped charging an arm and a leg for internet service. We wouldn't hesitate recommending this property to anyone.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great time while there but then there was afterward...	Booked a winter special package for an overnight stay in mid-December. I had to fly in and out of Beijing for just one night for a business-related event, and loved the service. For CNY 1300, I had a standard room, plus free breakfast, and a round-trip (not one-way, but round-trip) airport transfer in one of their new BMW 7-Series. The had a large sign with the person in a hotel uniform waiting for me at the airport, who took my bags and called down for the car to pull around. After a short ride, upon pulling into the hotel there was a full staff of people standing outside (in the December cold) for my arrival. One to open the car door, one for my bags, one to open the hotel door, and one who was taking me straight to my room to check-in(no front desk). Once in my room, I relaxed, went down to the pool while having my clothes/shoes prepped for the evening, and enjoyed taking a swim. The pool attendant laid out towels for me, brought bottled water, but would walk along side of the pool with me as I was swimming laps, a little strange having a stranger watch me swim back and forth. Came back and with my evening attire ready and laid out in the room, went off for the evening to my event. The next day, woke up and went to breakfast (also included) and was wowed by the selection and quality of the offerings, I was thoroughly pleased and stuffed. Same car service upon departure to the airport. Those who know Beijing (I used to live there, now in Shanghai) know that a taxi from Wangfujing area to the airport can be about 100 yuan, so with RT limo service saved 200 Yuan i would have otherwise been forced to spend. (Found out afterward that their standard fee for limo service is usually CNY800 one-way) Plus free breakfast, free internet, free pressing and shoe shine, I felt like it was a steal for what I paid, and the service was nice the whole time. Two complaints though (one small, the other big), first is that the room was on the small side, I really felt it could have been a bit bigger, but it was tastefully decorated and relatively modern (with 42-inch plasma). When walking into the room it was kind-of like a &quot;this is it?&quot; reaction. Second was their billing. I gave them my credit card for the room guarantee, but paid cash. Usually a guarantee (at least in my experience) is used for minibar charges when you leave or if something is un-settled and you are gone. The evening after I had left, I found out they had charged my credit card for the room (plus extra), even though my bill was paid in full, in cash, upon departure, and I had to wait 2 weeks for them to take the charge off. Was un-happy when I learned this, especially since my credit card was charged more than what my actual bill was (by almost US$100). Was embarrassing when I went to use this card and told that I didn't have enough balance (and I couldn't think of anything at all i actually purchased with it), and upon logging into my account see a charge on my card for Peninsula Beijing, when I'm holding the bill that says paid in full, in cash. Kind-of ruined my great feeling I had when I left the hotel. The hotel itself was a very nice experience, but I still don't understand their billing office.	
Mar 30 2009 	Lovely Stay	We spent 3 days at this hotel. The rooms were quite large. the Tv in the bathroom was a nice touch. Free internet was very convenient. Location was good. I just read another review, which seems to be the opposite of what we felt...this proves the great VALUE of tripadvisor. WE found the rooms to be very clean, and the service spectacular.The mood lighting in the room was very pleasant. The hotel is a bit stuffy with all the high end shops there, but its was still a very relaxing feel. The bar in the Lobby was great, snacks given to you with your drink... nice touch. The front desk and the concierges, all assisted greatly in providing directions, making reservations, and just translating a bit of chinese for me.The Spa on the other hand is WAY over rated! it is beatuiful, nice facility, but for the price i am sure you could find one for the same price and double the time. I didnt like trying to be sold one of their products.. especially after a relaxing time. If i want to buy something , I'll ask...but dont try and sell me. In the end, its your typical hotel massage.The breakfast buffet is truly huge and amazing. Pretty much everything you would want is here, and if not they'll make it. we worth the price, even though it may seem steep. We skipped lunch for 3 days cos we were full from breakfast... eliminating a lunch bill. Essentially you wont save anything... but you wont end up spending more either.We arranged a cab...not thru the hotel, but on our own, with the translation help from the doorman, for a trip to the Mutianyu section of the wall. the first quote was 900RMB, we coutered with 600, and the price was accepted. So for this price, we went to the wall, olympic venues, and the hou hai area.Also the next day we used the same cabbie for and all day rate of 500 rmb...to be our driver for 9hrs. this was perfect.ok... back to the hotel. Prior to the trip, their email correspondence the very prompt.	
Mar 23 2009 	Ok Hotel but terribly poor service and poorly managed	I've stayed at this hotel this past winter on a business trip. Traditionally, I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt, China New World, and the brand new Regent hotel (during the Olympics). This is about my 3rd time staying here but the first time in at least 6-7 years. First off, Pros: Good location and access to Wangfujing shopping. It's about a 10 minute walk to Wangfujing and 25-30 minute walk to Tiananmen square. Location can be important and this is a good locations. Rooms were good, main room is nice and acceptable for standards. Dining facilities are good. Cons: Outdated bathrooms. Terribly expensive and not a good value. My bigger issue is with the poor, slow service. Staff are slow, do not understand the need for prompt service. For example, we requested house-cleaning THREE times to come to our room because we had dry-cleaning that had to get done for our conference. Finally after the third call and approximately 45 minutes, they finally came around. My other massive gripe is the poor management of the hotel. First off, the hotel is in no way flexible with hotel changes. We were charged a &quot;no-show&quot; fee since we arrived one day after their system had said we were supposed to arrive. Either this was our corporate travel's error or Peninsula's error but when we asked Peninsula's front desk to address this issue, we received a &quot;This is company policy&quot; response. No flexibility, no hospitality. Nothing. It's not a very welcoming feeling that we got and I have to say the staff throughout the hotel was not very welcoming and we couldn't see them this way for the rest of our trip. Upon two occassions at two different breakfasts, we observed two different caucasian department heads (I think one chef and one other manager) berating Chinese staff for their performance. While this may be fine in private settings, these two managers did so in a publicly EMBARASSING and DISGRACEFUL manner that should never be accepted. The public disparaging remarks of these two managers were both unacceptable and made some of us patrons and guests uncomfortable. Upon the second manager pulling this action, we approached the manager and politely informed him that their actions were creating an unpleasant atmosphere for us. The manager responded, &quot;Thank you for your input. If there is anything other input we need from you, we'll let you know..&quot; It was both aloof and terse and quite insulting. For the standard that the Peninsula is supposed to exhibit, it falls very short. If any of you see the caucasian chef or hotel managers berating the staff in public, hope you all can speak your mind to them as well.	
Feb 27 2009 	LOVED this hotel!	My son and I stayed at The Peninsula Hotel, Beijing, in December 2008. We spent more time in our rooms than we had intended because the weather was so bitterly cold. But we enjoyed every minute of it. The accommodations were luxurious and the service superb. From the down comforters, to the deep tub, to the temperature and lighting controls, to the bathroom amenities, . . . . All three hotel restaurants were outstanding, and the breakfast buffet was the best I have ever experienced. We awoke every morning looking forward to breakfast. I didn't know there were hotels this nice in the world, and I've stayed in plenty!	
Feb 9 2009 	Impeccible Service	In the last 3 years, I have stayed at this property 4 times, and will return again soon. I also stay at the Shangri-La in Beijing, but I find this location much better. The rooms are great, the Executive Lounge is perfect, and the food in the restaurants is a bit pricey, but excellent. The staff has always been there for anything I could ask for, and I highly reccomend this hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	Good stay at the Peninsula but .. ??	This trip to Beijing was purely for business, and based on recommendations and previous experience with the Peninsula in Bangkok I opted for the Peninsula. I must say, it is a good hotel (on the border to a great one too at times). Service is on the mark.. however, there was something 'missing'. It was not the Peninsula in Bangkok, which at least for me touched something 'inside'. The Peninsula in Beijing was good and sometimes great, but it still fealt 'business'. Maybe part of the reason was the business district around the hotel, which did not really inspire much... at least for me. You had to go grab a taxi to get anywhere (fun). That said; to vander around the forbidden city, shopping in Wangfujing etc it was great... there are some great malls and stuff around... but for what I was looking for, I may opt to try something different for the next stay. But then again, I would not really mind going back either....	
Nov 10 2008 	It's Definitely Growing On Me	I stayed at this hotel twice in the last two months. The first time it was just an overnight trip, and perhaps I only noticed some of the drawbacks of the hotel - chiefly the room sizes, which were designed in a different age when rooms (in the early 1990s) were not expected to be huge in deluxe hotels like many are today. There isn't a walk in shower, for instance, and just has the old standard - the walk in shower, albeit with the hard sliding screen. The hotel is definitely old school and of a certain age - with Chanel and Gucci stores in the lobby. I guess the first time I came, I expected to be absolutely blown away by a different class of hotel that people might expect of the Peninsula. That wasn't the case, so I was a little disappointed.However, I stuck with it for my recent visit in early November, and this time, having more realistic expectations of a regular 5 star hotel, I was actually impressed. I guess it's not quite like the Peninsula Hong Kong or Tokyo, but few hotels are. This hotel also has a totally different room tariff structure, so it's not like many of the negative recent reviews paid US$300 a night.The room is actually attractively designed, and is very comfortable. The bed was wonderful, and I disagree with a previous reviewer that the breakfast buffet was wanting. If you like Chinese breakfasts, you are in for a major treat. The congee and the condiments were delicious and there were so many choices I felt I'd need to eat there 3 nights to try everything.I looooved the gym. The machines were state-of-the-art, the decor was beautiful, an attendant would bring you a cold towel in the middle of your workout and all the water you'd want, and best of all there was an iPod jack in the machines so you could plug in without running your battery down.And not enough can be said of the location. Some people might like the Grand Hyatt location better (as it is closer to Tiananmen) but I feel the Peninsula is closer to the attractions and shopping on Wangfujing and surrounding streets and it's easy to hop in a cab and go anywhere. My walk from the Great Hall of the People to the hotel one night took just 20 minutes (at a brisk pace).The hotel is not going to bowl you over. But I thought all the service staff had an excellent attitude and were very helpful. You particularly may not find a more competent concierge staff than at the Pen in Beijing.	
Nov 4 2008 	Below par service and staff for a Peninsula....	We just spent 5 nights at the Peninsula Beijing because I got a great rate on the room with breakfast and wanted a safe and comfortable place since it was our first time in Beijing. It is in a solid location, close to everything. Unfortunately our first 24 hours there were a bit unsettling. We checked into in a deluxe room (fancy name for standard), which was comfortable. First the toilet had problems but that was quickly fixed. That should have been a warning of the things to come. We had a good evening and a yummy breakfast at the buffet. At the buffet, there was a wait every morning we went down regardless of the time. There was only one person seating the guests and the line often backed up. How could this be for a buffet breakfast?! Obviously they need to review their staffing charts. Once seated, there were lots of servers but unclear on what the did either. I actually filled out the comment card since there did not seem to be enough servers inside refilling coffee/tea either. To be honest, we had better service at Sheraton Saigon than the Peninsula Beijing. The Sheraton buffet put theirs to shame. I'm a huge Starwood fan and had debated between the St. Regis which was a tad farther from the center but now wonder wish I had stuck with my loyalties. I figured in Asia, Peninsula is the gold standard after our stay in the HK Peninsula. Sadly I was wrong. If that is their benchmark, they have a long way to go!After breakfast on day 1, we returned to our room, which we had cleaned. Looking to change into jeans, I quickly realized they were no where to be found! Luckily I had worn them on the plane and into the hotel, so I knew they had to be somewhere, but definitely were no longer in our room. I was NOT a happy camper. My husband and I went down to reception. He was paranoid about his computer, since it did not fit into the tiny safe they provide. This was the first time, we had a safe the size of a shoe box. Upon informing the hotel resident manager, the housekeeper came to our room. The head of housekeeping also showed up but was very unsympathetic (surprise, surprise,....). We spent over an hour talking in circles of translations to track down my jeans. Miracliously, after insisting they be found, the housekeeper had an epiphany and recovered them...........in another guest room. I was highly confused and not comfortable with the hotel at all. We even went to the watch the security video but the mystery of how my jeans went from the desk chair in our room into another guest room remained a mystery. At the end of the day, all I wanted was my jeans back and am glad we were so aggressive with the staff. Sad that we had to be, since we had missed the first full morning of first day in Beijing. After the general manager arrived, he apologized profusely and promised us to move us to another floor. No, I did not want the same woman cleaning our room going forward. Upon returning from our outing, they moved us into a suite with a larger safe. On day four of our stay, we learned that this room actually had access to the club floor. It would have been nice to know this benefit sooner. The club floor was highly unimpressive, especially since they had four staffers standing in the center to greet you but then continued to converse among each other while you tried to figure out what was available. It made you feel like you were invading their club, versus them being at your service. Highly bizarre. Funny how when another colleague arrived at the floor and went around to help guests, they just continued to socialize. Highly unprofessional.I would NEVER pay full price for this hotel. I had read earlier reviews about this hotel not being that modern. The facilities and rooms are fine. I have issues with the staff and service, which is what typically differentiates the Peninsula vs. its competitors. So sad....In Beijing, I would highly recommend you stay with an American chain, where they understand how to manage guests and not take guests' possessions. Yes, I am still mystified by the disappearance of my jeans.	
Nov 1 2008 	Should rename to Pennysula hotel	It is supposed to be one of the best hotel in Beijing, but we were very disappointed. We reserved a king size bed, instead we were given 2 double beds when we checked in. It took almost 30 minutes to check us in. No tissue paper, no tooth brush, was supplied in the room, running out of toilet paper was a norm, by the way, the toilet paper was so hard and poor quality, I went out to get my own. Any yet, they still only provide you with 2 half roll each time. Go figure!The staff were polite but the service at the cafe was below average. The breakfast was expensive and the food was always the same. Breakfast was RMB 250+ a person, fresh squeeze orange juice, good egg omelete should be a must for that price. The juice was diluted with water, and the omelete was oily with a tiny spoon of ham and mushrooms, you can't even taste the cheese even though I had order double cheese. After 2 days, we went across street to Novotel and had our breakfast there. It's not only cheaper but more selections. The Novotel breakfast buffet was RMB 149+ per person, I don't mind the juice not freshly squeezed for that price. The chef there made me an omlete exactly to my order, little oil with lots of ham, mushrooms and cheese. We had our lunch in the Chinese Restaurant at the Penisula, I could not believe the tiny portion. Compare to the Grand Hyatt Beijing around the corner, this is an expensive hotel in price only.	
Oct 30 2008	Far over priced for its old facilities and poor service	The Peninsula Beijing is old and tired. The rooms are small and the furniture is old. Bath and shower are in one unit. The bath is dirty and dark and leaks all the time. Tiles are cracked and toilet is marked. Lift lobby’s carpet is badly stained and smelly. Breakfast spread is poor and the service is bad. Cold tea and coffee is served in cold days and you have to fight to keep your cutleries as they don’t replace them. Bar waitresses have close-to- zero knowledge on alcohol. The gym is poorly facilitated and staff has no English ability. Best surprise of all, if you are Asian looking, you may get rude treatment from their European manager as well!In Oct 2008,I forgo the chance of staying with our 5-star corporate hotel for The Peninsula Beijing, formerly known as the Palace Hotel for its name and my good memory of it fifteen years ago. I paid the market rate of over USD$330 for 3 nights. On the day of arrival, airport pickup staff held a piece of soft A4 paper with very vague print of hotel logos on, lazily standing far away from the arrival gate. Limo is good provided you can survive the 10 minutes walk with smoke and crazy traffic through the whole car park.. The Reception opened up a wrong room initially and I had to wait for 30 minutest for the correct room booked. Once in, I was shocked to see the five-star hotel with a sound reputation worldwide having very small and old fashioned guest rooms. Different from many other young 5-star hotels with rain shower separated from bath, the Peninsula's traditional handheld shower is built inside the bath which looks dirty and old and difficult to climb in. Shower water leaks and runs all over the bathroom floor even when the screen is shut. There are cracks on the wall and dirty dark marks inside the toilet bowl. Room Service setting up the welcome fruit plate looked angry when there were no tips given.Out of the 3 days stay I had to queue for breakfast 2 mornings! The Jing restaurant has poor spread of food and the staff speaks very little English. Cold tea and coffee were served all the time and my cutleries were always taken away without being replaced. There was no presence of restaurant manager for the 3 meals I had there. Lobby bar girls did not understand what a Bailey on Ice was and told me there was no such drink. When a supervisor finally brought the drink, it came without ice. Gym facilities are also poor and backwards. There are treadmills with 80% channels playing mute, dumb bells and 1 assistant who does not speak English. One more interesting incident - I walked to the staff's area by mistake and got lost. An European hotel manager interrogated me by asking for my identity and room number and escorted me out very rudely!The Peninsula Hotel Beijing is in general old and tired. Although the expatriate management staff is still hired to manage the hotel, the traditional English management presents to be way out of fashion now. Most of all, its charge is far too high for its old facility and poor service.	
Oct 12 2008 	Amazing Breakfast!	Location of this hotel was only 5 min walk from the main shopping area and around 15 mins to the Forbidden City, around 20 mins to Tiananmen Square. The hotel overall is excellent but for the price, the room was a bit small with a very small bathroom. Also be careful of the sippery floor in the bathroom - quite dangerous. Price of the hotel may have been higher than usual due to the Paralympics being held in Beijing.Breakfast was the best thing about staying here! It was amazing. A wide variety of western and Asian dishes, cooked in front of you and made to order.Generally a very good western style hotel.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very nice but.........	Our usual hotel in Beijing was full so our travel agents put us into The Peninsula. As you would expect from such an establishment the staff/service and rooms were impeccable and the whole place exudes an atmosphere of luxury living. The hotel is also very conveniently located for shopping/sightseeing.The downsides though are the so-called Lobby Bar and the Jing restaurant. It's difficult to understand why so many hotels in this city think you would wish to relax with a drink whilst you watch fellow guests check in and luggage trolleys shuttle to and fro. I really don't wish to sit in reception whilst I sip a gin and tonic so surely a dedicated and separate bar would be a good idea. There's plenty of room for one if some alterations were made to the deserted (and very expensive) shopping arcade at lower ground floor level.The hotel's website records a testimonial from Conde Naste Traveller magazine suggesting that the Jing restaurant is &quot;one of the world's top 75 new restaurants&quot;. The people from Conde Naste really should get out a bit more because if their statement is true then I'm a banana! I had both dinner and breakfast in Jing (the latter because I couldn't believe breakfast could be that bad - it was). Both were bland and (by Beijing standards) expensive with little to no inspiration which is surely the principal idea of a &quot;fusion&quot; restaurant.Do give the hotel a go but I'd book a restaurant outside.	
Aug 26 2008 	loved the Peninsular	After taking a long and exciting tour around China, taking in all the usual sites, We returned to Beijing to saty at the Peninsular to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We were not disapointed , our room was lovely ( club room ). The club lounge was excellent from the check in to departure. Infact it was so good we had to tear ourselves away to venture out side. Would recomend this hotel the service was excellent.	
Aug 17 2008 	Loved this Hotel	A wonderful week, close to fantastic shopping street, we arrived the day before the Olympic torch arrived. People couldn't have been nicer, Jing was fab for food and meeting other Americans.Our stay included visits to the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, and Summer Place and a lunch at one of the wonderous restaurants where the waiters and waitress dress as the Emperor and Empress did, plus the food was great. Our next stop Xian.	
Aug 17 2008 	Olympic Gold	Stayed for 5 nights in the run-up to the Olympics and before the corporate sponsors took over all the major properties for the Games.Your other reviewers have commented on the age of the hotel car fleet. Well, they are now all brand new BMW 7 Series augmented by a couple of long wheel base Rolls Royce Phantoms all in British Racing Green, making for a pleasant airport transfer.We stayed in one of the Beijing suites on one of the higher floors. Suite was very large, well furnished and equipped. Excellent standard of housekeeping and overall a good place to relax and recover from the oppressive heat and draining humidity. Suites give access to the Club Lounge which was well served with friendly and polite staff.Spa is now run by Espa and was good with strong Chinese traditional massage. Pool is a respectable 18 metres and benefits from daylight. Clean and well tended.The Huang Ting Chinese restaurant was excellent with friendly service and delicious dim sum for lunch and an addictive Peking Duck which was the best we have ever eaten. Enjoyed the Lobby Bar which was buzzy and with a first class jazz trio for late evenings. The lychee martinis were delicious.Yes, it is populated by every luxury brand outlet including Harry Winston, so it is perhaps a bit of a high-end mall but it clearly cements its status as the Grande Dame of the high end hotels in Beijing.Location is the real winner, it is walking distance to Tiananmen and the Forbidden City and doormen were very helpful in providing directions for taxi drivers to less well known sites such as Beijing's interesting mosques.In a city with plenty of competition for your custom, the Peninsula delivers in terms of service, continuous investment and attention to detail. Not all others will last the marathon.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Stay	Some friends and I stayed at the Peninsula Beijing for 3 nights in May 2008. It was the first stop of a three week trip throughout Asia and the Peninsula Beijing set a pretty high standard for the rest of our accommodations to live up to. Although the bathrooms aren't as luxurious as those found at other Peninsula properties, this hotel had many outstanding amenities.Check -in was quite fast and efficient. The check-in person was incredibly helpful. He was kind enough to exchange some dollars while we dropped off our bags and hailed us a cab so we could hit the nightlife before it got too late.The hotel lobby is nice and the lower levels have quite the shopping selection (all high-end boutiques: Louis Vitton, Cartier, et al). The lobby bar seemed a bit out of place but was nevertheless fun. One night they even had jazz flute!The breakfast was great as was room service.The only negative we noticed was the airport transfer service. The car we were taken in was quite old, worn and out dated.Other than that, the Peninsula Beijing is in a great location and provides wonderful amenities. Not quite as luxurious as the Beverly Hills location or Hong Kong location, but for Beijing, it's at the higher end.	
Jul 18 2008 	Amazing my fav hotel so far!	The Peninsula is just amazing, the room is huge and beautiful, the bathroom is beatifully done. The luxury shops at base level/ground level also makes the penisula stand out from other luxury hotels in Beijing. Enjoy live piano/classical music while taking a tea break and also the hotel restaurant Jing is highly recommended! The autosphere is beautiful and the food is the best I've had in a chinese restaurant. The breakfast is also great, with a wide range of western and chinese food. Some people might say the peninsula beijing is not on the same standard as the peninsular in Hong Kong or else where, but at the same time, remember it is also a lot cheaper. Where else can you find a great 5 star hotel for less than £150? you can easily spend that on some 3 star hotels in other cities!	
Jul 11 2008 	Sub-Standard for a Peninsula Hotel	At first glance upon entering the Lobby the evening I checked in, I thought this would be equivalent to both Hong Kong and the Beverly Hills properties in terms of service/quality and overall impression. I was wrong. Service quality is just not up to standard of their other properties. No one seemed willing to go out of their way to help or assist. The thing I love about the other Peninsula properties i have stayed at is that they almost anticipate my needs before I even ask. This was not the case at this property. The standard rooms are also very small. Free bottled water comes once a day in the evening around 8pm - and they are small half bottles so you ould wait all day to have something to drink in your room again. One one day, i had the privacy button turned on in my room and when i came back tomy room, the maid was actually in my room cleaning it! They need better training. I had left some valuables out in the room and was not happy about this. Their wi-fi service was slow and intermittent, althought complimentary. The hotel was virtually empty (as were many other Beijing hotels at this time) and yet the hotel was unwilling to give me an upgrade (for a fee) to the club floor. The hotel airport transfers were sub par as well -- the greeters at the airport were disorganized and made us walk around the parking garage with them to find the car instead of keeping us in a pick up spot to wait for the car to come to us. When it did arrive, it was an OLD model mercedes which compared to other hotels like the Mandarin Oriental or Regent, was very below standard. I would not use their car service again for the amount of money paid (about $100 each way). Doormen were pretty god for getting taxis. Restaurant Jing was a good breakfast buffet but on the expensive side - $40 a person. Overall, i would not recommend this property, especially for those of you who regularly stay at Peninsula Hotels. I will stay at other luxury properties on my subsequent trips to Beijing. There are several newer properties like the Grand Hyatt, and the Grand Millenium, as well as the Regent.	
Jun 12 2008 	a nice hotel but some drawbacks	We spent four nights at the Peninsula Beijing with two rooms for the four of us on a club floor. The rooms were attractive and comfortable, nice bathrooms, nice bath products. There is a nice lounge chair next to the window for sitting, as well as a desk with good access to outlets etc. When you enter the hotel, there is no lobby as such, the lobby consists of a large staircase, a bar/lounge, and Chanel, Hermes etc etc store. It is really a tacky retail environment, I don't care how &quot;exclusive&quot; those stores are, I expect an actual lobby with a place to sit and wait for people without having to buy a drink. It feels like a mall.There is NO place to sit in the lobby.The club offered excellent breakfast, snacks, hors d'oeurves at dinner hour, and drinks. The staff in the club were friendly, helpful, and really welcoming. Only complaint about club room was that the only comfy upholstered chairs and sofa were in the smoking area, and at one point they acrtually let someone smoke a cigar. The entire floor smelled, as there is no real separation beytween smoking and nonsmoking.. The location is an easy walk to Wangfujing St with the night market, etc.This is a nice plush hotel but given the lack of decent public areas, I think it is not really special. If not for the club floor, I would give it a worse review.	
Jun 11 2008 	A great place to stay in Beijing	My opinion of this hotel will be very different from that of the reviewer below me. We spent four nights in the Peninsula and found it quite excellent. Check-in was smooth, despite the fact that we arrived after midnight and the desk staff at that time tends to be peopled by the less English speaking staff. But it was no problem. Our bags were brought up speedily and no requests or overtures for tips were made at any time during our stay. On check-out we received a late check-out time of 15:00 without any problems.The room (on the 7th floor - not a suite or part of the club floor) was fairly large and well appointed with everything one would need, but it was smaller than at some of the Shangri La properties where we stayed. It was definitely larger than some of the rooms I've stayed in luxury hotels in New York City - so really no issue on the size of the room. There was no perceivable smell of smoke anywhere in the hotel or in our room. We had no problem plugging any of our electronics (and we had quite a few, each with different style plugs) in the universal outlets available throughout the room. I actually found that quite clever.The bed was harder than I expected. It was more along the lines of Chinese preference for super firm matresses, rather than the firm, but soft, Western beds. The Shangri La has much better beds, in my opinion The bathroom was large, not huge. The shower was powerful and hot. No complaints there.The breakfast buffet was varied, fresh and delicious (the pain au chocolat I had every morning was flaky, buttery and could have come straight out of a Paris bakery - I was impressed) and the staff was very courteous and helpful. There is no view at Jing and it is downstairs. The lighting is subdued. It's fine for breakfast. We also had Peking duck at the other restaurant in the hotel, Huang Ting. It was absolutely delicious and were told it is the best Peking duck in Beijing (by a long-time western resident who takes his best clients there). Excellent service and lovely atmosphere in Huang Ting.The outside staff was always ready to hail a cab for us, hand us a hotel card with the taxi's number on it and to tell the driver where to go in Chinese. They did this each time we went out. No tip overtures and no tip given. We also arranged with the concierge for private cars twice - once to go to Summer Palace for the day and once to go to Simatai. It was all very smooth with excellent drivers and cars at a decent price (not what a local would pay, but whatever). We used the spa one evening. It was a beautiful spa and just huge. But, I was not too keen on the massage, unfortunately. I found the therapist got tired after a bit and was not applying enough pressure. My travel partner, instead, said he received the best massage of his life. And price wise, the Peninsula is good value at just over $185 per night, including breakfast, drinks and taxes. Overall, excellent	
Jun 9 2008 	AWESOME!!	After traveling worldwide, this is the best hotel my husband and I have stayed in. We would not hesitate to recommend it to friends and would stay here again should we return to Beijing. The service is impeccable, the rooms spotless and modern, the bathroom roomy. I can't say enough nice things about it.	
Jun 9 2008 	One star service in a three star room at a five star price	Five star hotels face a lot of trouble with their clients because in the service industries customer satisfaction is always tied to expectations. And let’s face it, it’s a tough mix to master: courtesy, consideration, and going the extra mile for a customer without being obsequious or intrusive. It’s a wonder that it happens anywhere. The expectations are that much higher at five star hotels’ price points. A customer naturally expects something for what he or she is paying.But a number of hotels I have been to, particularly in Asia, have succeeded in this mix to a degree that stuns. The Peninsula Beijing, unfortunately, is not one of them. It is, by far, the poorest excuse for a five star hotel I have ever stayed in. Let’s start with a few lesser details. First, the rooms. I was upgraded to the largest non-suite sized room at the club level. Most Americans will probably find the room unbearably small. Other reviewers have complained about the cigarette smoke in the nonsmoking rooms. The Peninsula has yet to remedy that situation. The sheets in my room reeked of smoke, an error that could have been avoided easily by more attentive management. I will admit that the bathroom was a decent size. And there are cool switches for every light you can think of to the side of the bed, as well as a large plasma TV, though these days it’s pretty rare to find a top property in Japan or China that doesn’t have one in every room. You will need to ask the hotel for an adapter if you’re using appliances with American voltage. Asking the hotel for anything, however, will usually involve a tip, even if it’s something you’d ordinarily expect a room to have. There’s a scene in Curb Your Enthusiasm (Episode 40 for fans) where Larry stays at the Regency in New York and has to tip the guy who fixes the faulty air conditioning. That’s more or less what service is like at the Peninsula.On to the food. Breakfast at the Jing restaurant is simply dreadful. The spread compares unfavorably to a number of four stars I’ve been to, and the quality of the food is simply appalling. The pastries, for example, are uniformly damp, almost stale. There’s a good omelette station, but I haven’t been to many hotels that have flubbed an omelette. The restaurant itself lacks a view and is dark, so you kind of feel like you’ve been transported to a high school during a brownout. And then there’s the service. The staff at Jing looks and acts severely depressed, and can be rude to boot. I witnessed a waitress practically flinging coffee at an American customer because she asked for hot coffee after getting a cold cup. Jing is the worst breakfast experience I have ever had at a hotel.As other reviewers have noted, check-in is uncoordinated. When I arrived, my bags were lying around the reception area completely unattended to. After I finished check-in, I had to locate a bellhop to find my bags.By nearly any measure I can think of, the Peninsula is a disappointment. Ultimately, however, the joylessness of the hotel is its greatest drawback. Its employees’ lack of enthusiasm is contagious. And unless it’s important to you to stay in a hotel that sells overpriced designer goods in its basement (that’s a draw?), you’ll save` money and have a better experience at just about any other top hotel in the city.	
May 27 2008 	The Peninsula revisited--an oasis !	We decide to revisit The Peninsula, Beijing and stayed 2 nights in May 2008 after visiting cities on the Silk Road...Dunhuang, Turpan , Urumqi and Kashgar. My last stay at The Peninsula in March 2007 was somewhat marred by the smell of cigarette smoke even though we stayed on a non-smoking floor but we were pleased that the hotel did something to rectify the situation then. Therefore, we opted to stay again at the hotel.During this recent trip to China, we stayed in some of the better hotels along the route, but they paled in comparison with The Peninsula. When we arrived at the hotel, it was like stepping into an oasis. The grand deluxe room we stayed in was comfortable and &quot;luxurious&quot;. They provided nice touches, like...freshly ironed linen floor cloth placed beside the bed next to the bedroom slippers so that we could step onto it when we got up from bed ! That said, the non-smoking floor where our room was situated was what it was supposed to be- smoke-free and it was also very quiet.The service at Jing Restaurant was good and the buffet breakfast serving both Western and Chinese food was excellent. The waffles tasted just as good. The location of the hotel is wonderful, and it was just a short walk to the main shopping area and to the food street selling all kinds of barbequed food and snacks . We arrived at the hotel just when the staff were observing a 3 minutes' silence for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake. The reception staff apologised for keeping us waiting but really no apology was required as guests should be understanding. We felt that the service from the staff was good and they acted &quot;human&quot;, and were not &quot;robotic&quot; in going about their duties.	
May 17 2008 	Good not brilliant.	Sub-standard to Peninsula properties in Bankok and Hong Kong. Rooms ok, Peninsula-kind touches present. However staff not too professional: porters shouting at each other over who will is to fetch my luggage for 5 min in the main lobby while customer (me) standing right next to them. Hotel transfer to airport Mercedes or R-R? How about a 10+ years old Audi?!Swimming pool currently closed &quot;for renovation&quot;. Overall OK but defintely not excellent.	
May 13 2008 	Great stay with a few "reservations"!	We stayed at the Penn for three nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay however there were some pluses and minuses to this hotel that we wanted to share:Pluses:We told them it was our anniversary and they had a free bottle of wine in our room upon our arrival---Nice touch!The Club Floor is worth the extra money and the breakfast is fabulous. Our room was great, top floor and away from the elevators.Wonderful location, close to shopping, restaurants, food and sights!Very helpful and attentive staff, Francos on the club floor is superb!Fabulous piano player in the lobby, enjoyed listening to her.Minuses:We stayed directly under the club floor and could hear people walking around.The shower is not properly sealed and leaks water on to the floor.The Club Floor is a little anal about removing glasses from the floor.ATM machine frequently runs out of money.Would we stay there again? Yes, we would and would recommend the hotel to our friends. So, the pluses heavily outweigh the minuses!	
May 8 2008 	Overratted ageing Hotel	After reading all the great reviews we were expecting something magical. Don't be fooled this is a tired, ageing hotel with rooms looking more like a 2 star property than 5 star. Definately not a world class hotel by any stretch of the imagination. Beds were so hard that you might as well of slept on the floor, Bathrooms also in poor condition.BEWARE DON'T BE FOOLED GO ELSEWHERE!	
Apr 9 2008 	Best Concierge in Town	My husband and I had a wonderful 5-night stay at Beijing's The Peninsula in mid-March 2008. The hotel’s very fancy lobby houses not only a classy bar area, complete with live piano and violin music, but also an upscale mall with dozens of stores like Louis Vuitton, Cartier, Channel, and similar boutiques. Fortunately, it also has one of the hottest dining spots in town: &quot;Jing&quot; restaurant. In addition to delicious dinners, Jing's breakfast buffet is tremendous. It serves everything from Western-style bacon and eggs, to Chinese favorites, like dumplings and noodles. The food and service were impeccable.The Peninsula's rooms are spacious and elegant. Our room (not a suite) had almost 400 square feet of living space - it was huge! The hotel also offers free internet, awesome plasma TV and lots of other free amenities. Very luxurious.My only complaint, and it's not a big one, is that our view from the 9th floor overlooked nothing but the construction going on in the pool area behind the hotel. No biggie, the good at this hotel far outweighs the bad.The hotel is also centrally located. It's 2 blocks from WangFuJing Rd - big shopping area with late night eateries. It’s also about 1.5 miles from Tiananmen Square. It's a nice walk to T.Square, but cab it if you're in a hurry. Lastly, the concierge service was stellar. First, the concierge desk was always well staffed - 5 or 6 people at the desk. Second, the desk closed only from 11:30 pm to about 6 am. We don't speak Mandarin, so we relied heavily on their help. Each staff member spoke English, and was professional, courteous and never uttered the words &quot;no&quot; or &quot;we can't help you.&quot; They recommended restaurants and attractions, gave us Beijing travel tips, ran out to purchase our night-train tickets to Shanghai, and happily wrote our destinations in Chinese symbols to hand to our non-English speaking taxi drivers. They were invaluable. Best concierge service I've experienced in a while. We highly recommend The Peninsula.	
Apr 7 2008 	I would only go back to Beijing if I could stay in Peninsula	After having horrible experience in the hotel booked through our travel package, I booked Peninsula directly. Definitely a great move as all staff spoke English, the room was excellent for the price (we got upgraded after the staff heard our horror story), the staff were very professional, friendly and ready to help. The food was expensive but worth it. Worth the trip and the money. The boutiques in the hotel is definitely a major plus. Didn't have to go far for shopping.	
Mar 28 2008 	Could I live here?! Because I really didn't want to leave!!	We stayed in the Peninsula Hotel Beijing for nearly a week last July after finding out about the hotel on this website and booking it on their webpage!The minute we walked into the magnific lobby we loved it! The shops! The music! The space! When were shown up to our rooms, well, we were very impressed ! There was a jacuzzi bath and 2 TVs (one in the bathroom!)! The pool was so beautiful! We went swimming every morning, we could sit by the pool, drink the water and eat the fresh apples that were served! It was so relaxing - very tranqil!The restaurants were delicious also! There was 2 restaurants - I loved the Jing restaurant (and when ever I ate in the hotel I ate here or in the lobby!) I LOVED the HUGE buffet brekfast - waffles, a fri, cereal, fruit, fresh juices, warm cakes.... what ever you want! We also ate dinner here - you can eat as much as you want for roughly EUR30 per person and even though it might be slightly expensive - it is absolute quality cusine!!! The staff are unbelievably helpful and nice and the service is fab!It is situated beautifully within walking distanse of some of the main tourists attracions of Beijing ie. Tianamen Square! Beijings main shopping centre is also right around the coner - where some lovely shops are! If you are planning on going to the Great Wall you can arrange the trip via the hotel! Also the hotel are known for there fantastic concierge service and you can book restaurants and shows (ie. the brilliant acrobatic show!) There is possibly a million more things I could say about this hotel but the point is it makes for a brilliant holiday, or stay in Beijing and to be honest I really hope I will make it back here for another holiday soon!!!	
Mar 25 2008 	5 well earned stars!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 days.Firstly found booking using the package which is cheaper than just booking the room often! - met at the airport, very efficient, driven in a very good car directly to the hotel, swiftly booked in, given great advice and reasonably priced tours (chose my own, sort of pick &amp; mix, it included lunch, charges and a guide as well as an excellent driver and car.Hotel rooms were excellent, best sleep I've ever had!!Jing for fusion food, try the buffet, it was excellent and a snitch at the price.Great breakfast in Jing too, better than the one in the Chinese restaurant.Taken back to the airport in style.Superb.	
Mar 15 2008	Absolutely loved it!!	Our entire experience surpassed our expectations during our 4 night stay.In my opinion the best location in the city.Can walk or take the subway everywhere esp now that new subway lines are opening up in time for the Olympics.We booked on their website an Executive suite which included airport transfers and club-lounge access for less than $300 usd a night.Check-in was quick and easy and we were also upgraded to a Duplex suite!! This would have cost us over $700 a night during peak tourist season.Not sure I would want to be in Beijing during the hot summer months.The pollution,mass group tourism and smog would be too much.Club lounge had good selection of food for breakfast and during happy hour.Great self-serve selection of alcoholic drinks and soft drinks.The staff were very nice and spoke to us about our daily experiences in their city.It seemed sincere every time they asked.The Forbidden City and T-Square are within walking distance as are the many Hutongs,High-end shopping malls and subway stops.This is a safe city so you can walk everywhere without worrying about ending up in a bad area and robbed.We also tried a lot of different food including food stalls and not once were we sick.The two restaurants at the hotels have great food esp the Chinese one on lower floor.Would stay here again without a doubt.The Regent up the street looked promising as well.Before of young Chinese trying to speak English with you.Most want something-like taking you to a tea ceremony and stick you with the bill,buy cheap art,lady sex etc.Minor nuisance but if you know ahead of time what to expect then its not a problem.Usually outside the major hotels or tourist sights.Taxi's are horrible.They dont stop for pedestrians and dont speak English so be prepared and know where you are going.Overall loved the hotel and loved Beijing.	
Mar 1 2008	Great Stay at the Peninsula	I chose this hotel from all the great reviews out there plus a lower winter rate. My stay was split into 2 visits, with 1 day in between. The first 2 nights I booked the Executive Suite. The only major complaint I have for this hotel is the size of the room. Otherwise all else was perfect. The service there was just about the best I've experienced. The meet at the door and in-room check-in was very classy. The staff were very welcoming. In the room I found all the amenities to be above par. The 2 two plasma TV's cleanly mounted to the wall with many english speaking channels, mood lighting in every part of the room including the bathroom, bathroom TV and control panel, master bedside control panel... all GREAT. Again, just on the small side. The other minor complaints I have are the old construction of the hotel which gives it smaller windows (the newer hotels seem to have big floor to ceiling windows) and an interior design that does not blow you away.On my 2nd stay I was put right into their Beijing Suite. Now this is just about the finest hotel room I have stayed in. There was a nice foyer an office space with luxurious desk, dining table for 4, living room with surround sound system and plasma TV, single bathroom and larger master bathroom and all the same technology. The glass enclosed chinese artifacts are a nice touch. This was one satisfied hotel snob.	
Feb 24 2008 	Outstanding Experience	Overall, this was a fabulous hotel. I visited on vacation but this hotel would also work well for business travel. I look forward to returning here. The room was beautiful with contemporary Asian decor and the bathroom was spa-like. The pictures on the Peninsula website are very accurate, up to date depictions of the hotel.I recommend including the breakfast buffet in your package. It was delicious. The concierge desk was very helpful and provided excellent recommendations.	
Feb 24 2008 	Another Satisfied Customer	I stayed at the Peninsular with my wife and teenage son, taking advantage of a special offer on the web site to get a Beijing Suite on the club floor at a very good rate of 2500 RNB / day.We spend most of our holidays at top end hotels, preferring Four Seasons where possible. No Four Seasons in Beijing - so we tried The Peninsular and were not disappointed. The basics - staff - decor - beds were all very good or excellentThe location is good for tourists, it is within walking distance of Wangfujing street (shops) and and 15 min walk to Tianamen Square or the Forbidden Palace. The location may not be stated as ideal for the financial district, but in truth it is only a 10 minute taxi ride away but not something that should deter anyone from staying here. The club floor is a true club floor, quiet, well serviced, good quality snacks, free drinks during happy hour and plenty of staff to give you that extra bit of support. The staff go out of their way to make personal contact. Worth paying extra for.There are two restaurants on site, a standard Chinese, and a Fusion restaurant. The fusion food is interesting, the Chinese, not of a greater standard than that found in any western city. Perhaps there should be a greater variety of eating places in a hotel of this standard.The Concierge service was a little disappointing. They could not recommend any Italian restaurants outside the hotel (try the Regent across the road or the Hyatt), did not know why we could not get access to the People's Congress (Plenary Session due next week), and the Great Wall Trip was only average. Maybe you should look to find your own guide before you arrive. The club floor staff were more knowledgeable and helpful (for instance telling me the best place to see the construction on the Olympic stadium). This is a very good hotel. Consider it strongly for business or pleasure, but bear in mind the limitations of the concierge service and try some restaurants outside the hotel.	
Feb 14 2008 	Well Located and Great Staff!	The Peninsula is well located near the Forbidden City and the Wangfujing shopping district. It is quite safe to walk around the neighborhood, which we did several times. For times when you need to take a taxi, the Peninsula staff have it down to a science. The doormen speak English and tell the taxi driver where you are going. They hand you a small card with several common tourist destinations printed on it in both Chinese and English, and also has a note on the other side to the taxi driver who will drive you back again. It says something like &quot;Driver--please take me to the Peninsula Hotel.&quot; The doorman will also note down on your card the taxi's identification number, in case you run into problems or lose something in the car.Check-in at the Peninsula is a very smooth process. One of the desk clerks comes upstairs to your room with you and does the check-in from there. It's very nice, especially if you are just coming from the airport from a long international flight, which we were.Our room was very comfortable, with a king size bed and a small sitting area with sofa and tv. The bathroom was well appointed and the walk-in closet was large.Breakfast in the hotel is delicious with a good selection of Chinese, Japanese, and Western food choices. The only problem is that sometimes the main serving area gets too full, so they direct you downstairs to one of the other restaurants. The food is the same in both locations, but sitting downstairs you feel much less ambience. On the other hand, it's nice not to have to wait to eat. The moral of the story: get up before the main breakfast area fills up.We had afternoon tea one day in the hotel and it was also excellent, although not particularly Chinese. If you are looking for a more authentic Chinese experience, you can skip the tea. We were just in the mood to sit and rest, so we had the tea and enjoyed it, but it is a totally western experience.The pool at the Peninsula is fairly nice, although not luxurious. It is heated and indoors (but with doors that open onto an outdoor terrace), so you can use it even in cool weather. The locker room staff was very attentive and quick to bring towels, ponytail holders, and anything else you need.The main drawback that I saw to the whole Peninsula experience was that it has what is basically a small shopping mall full of luxury brand stores in its lobby and basement levels. It features very high end shopping like Harry Winston diamonds. On one hand, it's cool to see all of those places. On the other hand, it is a little bit of a distraction to go down to the restaurants and pass through a mall.Overall, I enjoyed staying at the Peninsula very much, highly recommend it, and think that the location cannot be beat.	
Feb 12 2008 	Highly Recommended!	My husband and I stayed at the Peninsula in August. This after spending the last 10 days in Mongolian Gers. Needless to say, any hotel would be welcome after the &quot;rustic&quot; gers. We walked into the Peninsula and were immediately sent to the Club level floor for check-in. We had a club room, but they upgraded us to a Beijing suite. We were completely fussed over by several people all dressed in impeccable suites. We loved the attention - but here we were all dirty and underdressed - and they were fawning all over US? It felt great. We were sent to the room, and OMG it was so gorgeous!! Very high end and loaded with all the ammenities you can imagine. Sprinkled throughout the rooms were snacks all labeled with descriptons. We ate them as we toured through the rooms.I cannot begin to tell you how nicely appointed the room was. Two bathrooms, bedroom, closets, office area and large living room with flat screen tv's and so on - curtains that close and open via remote. Absolutely stunning and large!The club executive level facilities were well taken care of and all the food you could want or expect to see are there all the time. The breakfast plentiful, all the COKE you could want. Nowhere else in China were we freely given refills on COKE! We spent three days at this hotel and nowhere else in China were we greeted so warmly - and by name! Nowhere else in China did we encounter familiar breakfast items - like scrambled eggs, croissants and corn flakes. This truly was a wonderful experience and I highly recommend the hotel. When we go back to Beijing - this is where we will stay again. Unfortunately, I cannot say I enjoyed Beijing that much - way too crowded. The club executive level was a nice getaway from the hussle and bussle of this city.	
Feb 12 2008	loved it	very nice room(modern decor ,lcd , good size ,bed)and restaurantsLOVED breakfast buffetperfect location 15 minutes walk to everything:wangfujin,square and forbiden citydont miss peking duckalways good to stay at a peninsula hotel still saving to try it in hong kong	
Feb 7 2008 	Great stay fantastic breakfast spread	Our group stayed at this hotel. I have traveled throughout China and I have not stayed at another 5-star hotel that compares. The rooms were fantastic, clean and convenient. The staff were extremely helpful and polite (not always the case if you are a Chinese traveling in China). And the breakfast spread is an experience in and of itself!! There was the continental pastries corner, the Chinese breakfast corner with rice porridge and all the condiments you could ever imagine, a made-to-order eggs and meat section, AND a European deli-style corner! I stayed there 5 nights and looked forward to breakfast every morning.The fitness center is also very nice although not 24 hours. They have staff that help you operate the machines, cold water, and fresh air.Great hotel, great price, great location. You can't ask for more.	
Feb 4 2008	Enjoyable Stay - Nice Hotel Great Location	We only spent a short period of time at the Peninsula Beijing however we thoroughly enjoyed it. We stayed in a duplex suite as the rooms are located on the top floor with city views. We had noticed that the other rooms were quite small in size, and we also noticed from pictures posted on Trip advisor that some of the rooms were directly facing another building - we definately wanted to avoid getting this type of view!The suite was really nice though still quite small compared to other hotel suites. When we checked in, the staff at the main reception were not very friendly however thankfully they were not the people to check us in - they took us to the Club Lounge floor check in. The staff here were slightly more friendlier and professional - they offered us a drink and quickly checked us in. We were escorted to our room which just had beautiful fresh roses placed in the lounge and also upstairs in our bedroom. We were also given a large fruit platter(lots of Chinese fruit that we had not tasted before, it was great to experience their local produce) . Our escort was really nice and showed us around the room - our ceiling to wall window offered great views of the city(our escort stated ' the best views in the city'). The bathroom was quite small though beautifully presented - all marble and has a television over the bath. Both floors were nicely furnished and very modern - more importantly, comfortable.The Club Lounge benefits are very good- they offer buffet breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks/snacks. We actually had the breakfast at Jing instead of the Club Lounge(they give the option of taking breakfast at either Jing or the Lounge - l would definately recommend Jing- so much better! ) Great breakfast, everything you could want for breakfast is available, it's fresh and it's all delicious. For afternoon tea, they offer coffees/teas and biscuits, fine chocolates, sandwiches, scones etc - good variety. The evening drinks are also pretty good - they offer warm snacks and a variety of wines and spirits. If you are staying at this hotel, l would recommed taking advantage the Club Lounge - it's worth the extra cost. The only fault with the Club Lounge is the staff - they are not very friendly or attentive and they look very bored and disinterested - actually, all the Peninsula staff do not offer the kind of service you'd expect from a five star hotel...The best thing about this hotel is it's location, it's close to the main tourist attractions and around the corner from the main shopping street &amp; a night street market. Also another great thing about hotel is Jing restaurant - the breakfast is great however the dinner is absolutely scrumptious-definately the best food l have ever tasted! The peking duck is amazing, not to be missed! Overall, l would stay at this hotel again - great location, fantastic food, nice hotel however staff service could be better.	
Jan 9 2008 	Wow!	I stayed at the Peninsula Beijing for 6 nights over Christmas with my father in 2 rooms. This hotel is fabulous and beautiful, truely 5 stars and very reasonably priced for the rooms and service. I booked a Rolls Royce for airport pickup which was a nice touch. They called ahead as we were nearing the hotel so when we arrived their was a team of people waiting on us to take our bags and escort us straight to our rooms for in-room check in! The easiest hotel check in I have ever had.The rooms were very nice and the location was good. Near the shopping street and also within walking distance of the forbidden city. The staff was always friendly and very helpful. Both hotel restaurants were excellent (but also overpriced compared to those outside the hotel) and the shopping mall in the hotel with every designer imaginable made it fun to window shop. On Christmas Eve they left a stocking in both our rooms with food goodies and a bear dressed up like santa, a very nice touch.I had an in room massage which wasn't very good at all but for less than $50 for 60 minutes I can't really complain. Also we booked a private tour around Beijing with a guide through the hotel which we were not happy with. However, when we informed the hotel they offered to give us another tour free of charge! We did not take them up on their offer but in my opinion the hotel tours were overpriced for what you get.Those are the only minor gripes I can come up with...my overall experience at the Peninsula Beijing was about as close to perfection as I have ever experienced!	
Dec 29 2007 	Disappointing	We were disappointed with Peninsula Beijing. It can't be compared to his fabulous sister hotel in Bangkok.The hotel ist old and worn out. There are many better, cheaper and modern hotels in beijing. We booked a room on the club floor and were upgraded to a duplex suite. Even this room could not convince us (design, view, room configuration..). The Club room is a quiet zone and nice option for breakfast (instead of the huge restaurant downstairs without any sun light). The Club room has also some nice views over town. Still, it is a bit worn out, small, only one internet access, and the services inconsistent. F.ex. afternoon tea/cocktails run out regularly before time. The breakfast choices were very limited (small kitchen).The worst thing was the spa complex. It looked like a very basic public swimming pool, the massage/fitness complex was nothing to speak off either. I heard this part of the hotel will be renovated soon.We one had dinner at the Jing restaurant. The service and food was good, but the restaurant is too big and unpersonal to feel comfortable. So does the entrance hall.My advice: skip Peninsula Beijing and stay at one of the recently opened new and modern hotels.	
Dec 25 2007	Disapponted	I am a great fan of the Peninsula in Bangkok so thought Beijing would be as great...booked and stayed for two nights in the Beijing Suite (enormous) at a competiive winter rate...but totally lacked the sparkle I had anticipated. There was the expected welcome note from the manager and the bowl of fresh fruit...but my view out of my suite was overlooking another building, the decor looked a little &quot;old school&quot; and oh the hard bed! I thought &quot;The Jing&quot; restaurant was okay as I was craving a good steak after 10days in China...but would not recommend it for people wanting to eat out in Beijing.The Club lounge access was disappointing as there is no chef or kitchen on the club level and therefore food tasted precooked and boring.Must admit it was great to order a DVD (from a limited library) , get fluffed up in my bathrobe and watch TV from my bath.......but moved the next day across the road to The Regent Hotel for a much better deal!	
Nov 26 2007 	Great hotel great location	We stayed at the Peninsula for 3 nights at the end of October and were very impressed with all aspects of our stay. We were picked up direct from the airport by the hotel and our check in at the hotel was done in our room which was pretty efficient.As per previous reviews, the rooms are not that big but there's certainly enough room for a comfortable stay. The bathroom was excellent and offered a choice of a bath or walk in shower. There was a large screen TV and free dvds if you got bored (which we didn't) We had a nice view of the front of the hotel and it was entertaining watching all the cars and people going past.The room and hotel were extremely clean and we couldn't fault the maid service.A large number of the staff spoke English and we received a lot of advice from the concierge about where to go especially at night.We would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 26 2007	Harold USA South Carolina 2nd Time Around	This is my second time around staying at the Peninsula Hotel in Beijing. The second time was better than the first which I though was impossible. I arrived on my Birthday October the 25th 2007. They knew that it was my Birthday and sent a wonderful Birthday cake to my room. They upgraded me to a Deluxe King Suite when I presented my Platinum American Express. The Entire Staff at the hotel are wonderful. I could go on for every concerning this Fine Hotel, but I want. You just need to experience it to believe it. Enough Said: Just Do It	
Nov 26 2007 	Great hotel great location...	I stayed in the Peninsula Beijing for 3 nights recently and was extremely satisfied with my overall experience. The hotel itself is in a good location being about a 20 minute walk to Tienamen Square and the Forbidden City. It is also very close to Wangfujing Street. The level of service and number english speaking staff is great. The interior of the hotel is beautiful and the only reservation I have is that the rooms are a little on the small side but are extremely comfortable and well appointed. Both restaurants in the hotel (Jing and Huang Ting) are great and reasonably priced and the breakfast served in Jing is excellent. DVD rentals in the hotel are free and there is a good selection as Chinese tv is not that interesting. Overall Beijing is a relatively inexpensive place to visit. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone thinking of staying in Beijing.	
Nov 12 2007	Stay elsewhere	I would not recommend this hotel for myriad reasons. The carpet was stained, rendering the floor an unappetizing option despite the uncomfortable bed. The concierge service was uninformed about anything beyond 300 metres of the hotel. The amenities within the hotel were subpar, and this should be rated a 2 star property on its absolute best day. Very disappointing	
Nov 9 2007 	Gold Medal Winner!	The Peninsula in Beijing is strictly first class. The rooms aren't spacious, but they are well laid out and beautifully furnished. High-speed internet connection is free and easy to use. The linens and towels are luxurious and bountiful. The bathroom could use a little more counter space, but the glass-enclosed tub provided a great shower.Room service both morning and night was prompt and impeccable. The front desk staff was welcoming, efficient and helpful and spoke excellent English. In fact, the entire staff spoke English more than adequate for their functions.The hotel is just a 10-15 minute walk from Tiananmen Square and the entrance to the Forbidden City with convenient shopping nearby.	
Nov 8 2007 	Peninsula Hotel Beijing Outstanding!	We stayed at The Peninsula Beijing for a week this past October 2007. Our stay there was wonderful. From the moment our taxi pulled up in front of the hotel the staff made us feel welcome. Our bags were immediately taken by the bellhop. We were then escorted to the Member's Floor and given drinks and food while we were seated and checked in. This was a very welcome treat after spending 14 hours in an airplane! We were then escorted to our lovely room. The room was spotless and had everything we could want, including an Internet connection. As guests on the Member's Floor we enjoyed a super breakfast buffet which included a variety of foods for different ethnic guests. Also, in the afternoons they provided a lovely tea which featured a nice variety of food and drinks for the guests.The staff at the hotel were always friendly, prompt, and eager to help us in any way needed. They arranged a tour for us which included a very bright English speaking tour guide. We were not taken to any places that pressured us into buying things. On another occassion, the hotel arranged for us to have a car for the day at a very reasonable rate. Our room was always cleaned promptly in the morning and in the evening. The hotel common areas were always clean. We never saw anything out of place or messy. The hotel is located in a good location which allowed us to have convenient access to the tourist sights, stores, etc. The two hotel restaurants were both excellent with very friendy staff. Overall, we were extemely happy with our stay at the Peninsula Beijing. We would not hesitate to stay there again or to advise others to do so. V.A. White[--]	
Nov 7 2007 	an excellent hotel	We stayed 3 nights after a Princess Cruise and were very pleased with the Peninsula. We had a Grand Deluxe room which was spacious and beautifully appointed and our rate included breakfast in the Jing dining room. Service was first rate. The location is ideal and an easy walk to the Wangfujing street mall, Oriental Mall and a doable walk to the Forbidden City. A $2 cab to the Silk market. (Street blocks are very long in Beijing and taxis are dirt cheap.) Lots of restaurants nearby and the hotel dining room was excellent and not unreasonable but avoid the inviting dinner buffet and order a la carte. The food looks great on the buffet but sits too long and was not hot. The breakfast buffet is plentiful. I would return without question but you should appreciate that there are a number of 5 star hotels in the area like the Oriental, Raffles, Grand Hyatt, Regent, etc and you might want to compare. You would never go wrong however with the Peninsula, one of the best hotels in the world.	
Oct 28 2007	Staff could be better	Booked this hotel via travel agent for three nights for a club deluxe room. Since booking I have watched this hotel slowly slip down the ratings on Trip Advisor &amp; now I can see why. The first thing that got my back up was the pompus reception who told me that I was on club rate but did not mean I got a club room, when I presented my Asia Miles card he said he couldn't give the points as the room was booked through a travel agent. We did get a larger 'L' shaped room on the normal floors which was comfortable &amp; spacious. Second thing to annoy me was when we went to the Club lounge for breakfast on our first morning my wife was accosted by the manager to say we shouldn't have been in there. I guess they do not train their staff to understand the booking database on the computer. Needless to say the breakfast was poor &amp; although there was a chef walking around we couldn't have eggs how we wanted them. Our next two mornings we had breakfast in the standard restaurant but when we came out people were waiting to be seated with tables standing empty.Watch out Peninsular the world is coming in 2008 &amp; you need to improve on your hotel very soon.	
Oct 26 2007 	Would definately go back	The Peninsula is a brilliant hotel. It's positioned very close to the main shoppng area and very close to the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square. The lobby is huge, decorated with black marble and has it's own shopping arcade with Tiffanys, Cartier and other top brand names. Check-in was a pleasure with very pleasant staff who all spoke exceptional English. The rooms are large with 42 inch flat screen tv's, coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron and ironing board. The mini-bar is very well stocked and for a 5 star hotel exceptionally cheap! The breakfast buffet was one of the best I have ever experienced. It is situated in the Jing restaurant that is below ground but had something to suit anyone. From eggs and bacon to miso soup; danish, a massive choice of fruit, they will make pancakes or waffles for you, omlettes, in fact just about anything you want - even baked beans! We used the hotel for a day trip to the Badaling Great Wall and found their own tour guides to be very good. Our guide was called Lily in english and tailored our day around what we wanted to do - most of the tours you book will take you to a jade market or something like that, but as our tour was tailored it was made to suit us. It cost about 1900 yuen per person for the day and that included all entrance fees, a fantastic chinese lunch and a visit to the ming tombs. It left when we wanted to from the hotel and dropped us back when we were ready.I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2007 	Beautiful rooms noisy tour groups and public areas	We have just returned from Beijing having spent two night at the Peninsula in two interconnecting Grand Deluxe Club rooms. The rooms were attractive, spotless, and very comfortable if a teensy bit on the small side. The rooms really felt luxurious. Unfortunately, once we left our room the serenity was shattered. We found that the hotel was filled to the brim with tour groups. The lobby is super noisy and packed with very large tour groups waiting for buses, and checking in and out. The elevators were stuffed full as was the club lounge, and the hallways were quite busy with guests day and night. We found the highly touted academy tours that are supposedly exclusive to the hotel to be over-priced, standard, run-of-the-mill tours and were quite dissapointed in this regard. Huang Ting was one of the high points of our stay and truly outstanding (absolutely don't miss this restaurant!) while we thought that Jing was good but not a must. We found the staff on the Club level to be helpful and attentive. Overall, I have mixed feelings about our stay at the Peninsula. It may be that my expectations were too high or that we chose a bad time for our stay as it coincided with the stay of so many tour groups. There isn't anything wrong with tour groups it's simply that the design of the public areas of the hotel, from the lobby to elevators and hallways, doesn't seem to accomodate these groups well creating an atmosphere where the groups feel obtrusive. So obtrusive in fact that it compromised our feelings about our stay.	
Oct 21 2007 	Perhaps 5 stars for Beijing	The location of the hotel is good, 30 mins walk to theForbidden City and 10 mins walk to the Metro station.The room is good, with large plasma TV, centralisedcontrol panel for light, TV/Video etc. The daily turndownservice brings us bottled water. The room providesin-room fax machine, robes, slippers and umbrella(!)but not iron.I got English newspaper delivered to our door twicein 4 days stay. The breakfast was very good and providedfor both Chinese/Western clients. I don't find the conceigeparticularly helpful. The swimming pool is OK but hadbad view of an older building next door. Didn't even providea jacuzzi near the swimming pool. There is no movie ondemand but the hotel provided a DVD library so just neededto contact the house-keeping and they would deliver theDVD to your room. Perhaps I didn't stay in the Club room.I found the bathroom granite titles looked a bit used.Perhaps it is 5 stars in Beijing standard but compared toNorth America, I don't think it is 5 stars.	
Oct 16 2007	Really Disappointed - Can't believe it's the same hotel	We spent nine nights in this place and I really can't imagine where the other people who wrote the positive reviews stayed...The room was tiny and I mean tiny. The room service trolley / table couldn't get past the bed and sideboard. The massage therapist couldn't find a place to put her massage table except directly between the bed and the sideboard. We were put on floor 4, maybe saved especially for westerners? (Four sounds like 'death' in Chinese so it does make me wonder).The view was of a horrible looking restaurant, and an office building which contained people who seemed to work 24 hours a day, we had zero privacy if we opened our curtains.The best thing about this room was the shower which was very powerful, but Beijing water feels greasy, so maybe not that great.Everything about this place is expensive and I live in London so I know expensive. The prices are what you would expect to pay in a fairly good London hotel and the food is nothing to write home about.I would of thought, given what we paid for this room and the length of time we were staying there we would have been given something better.I thought our experience in this hotel was a good reflection of Beijing as a whole. Unpleasant. My experience of this place was that I was seen as a big, round-eyed money box, they showed little regard for anything and the pollution was absolutely vile. I would never go back and I don't know how they will ever be ready for the Olympics.Verdict - Don't bother!	
Oct 11 2007 	Tour Groups Overwhelm the upscale look and feel	Pros: Location is very good for walking to Forbidden City, Tianaman Square, long pedestrian shopping street, large indoor malls, high end designer shops, night market, a few good places to eat, quick taxi ride to other sites depending on traffic and time of day, very good service from housekeeping staff, spa/fitness center staff, bell staff and car service to from airport; a nice feature for the room was the large flat panel tv, high tech room features that you could change/use at bedside; great designer shops within the hotel; room service was prompt and professional, seperate tub and shower, tv in bathroom, very nice fitness center, pool and spa; bed was comfortableNegatives: Air Conditioning was never at a comfortable temperature even after maintenance &quot;worked&quot; on it, tour buses with large groups coming and going as well as checking in and out; service at the breakfast buffet, concierge service was variable depending on which one worked with you; room and bathroom was an average size for a nice hotel; check in was quick but very impersonal and highly mechanical and felt like the person checking us in was on some kind of time quotaOverall: I had heard and read so many positive things about this hotel that I was anticipating much more than what we experienced. Although the service was good it was not excellent and seemed very rushed, impersonal and mechanical. The hotel seems to get alot of tour groups so there are always huge tour buses coming and going and big groups checking in or out; and the breakfast buffet that we had heard so much about was very expansive for selections either asian or western but service was esentially nonexistant. We left this hotel dissapointed and felt it was way overrated and seems to have become biased toward large tour groups which leave the individual traveler &quot;lost&quot; in the mass of tourists.	
Oct 1 2007 	AMAZING hotel	I can not imagine that anyone could have anything to complain about here! It was as close to perfection as I have experienced. Our room was lovely, average size, nice bathroom, plasma TV. The view was unremarkable but that was fine. At night the turn down service arranged your slippers on a towel by the bed, dimmed lights, turned on soft classical music and left a mint on the pillow!!! The buffet breakfast was just unbelievable, everything you could want &quot;American&quot; style as well as many delicious Chinese dishes - I could have noodles for breakfast every day! The Chinese restaurant was quite good as well.The service was top notch. Our needs were antcipated and exceeded regularly.The location was great, just off the main pedestrian street which is so busy you wouldn't want to stay on it.There are lots of fancy shmancy stores in the hotel - Hermes, Chanel etc - fun to window shop unless you have a lot of cash to spare.Business center was very clean, convenient and easily accessible.Our stay there was nothing less than perfect, I can't recommend it enough!	
Sep 11 2007 	comfortable stay	not my first stay here but a relatively pain free experience in a sometimes otherwise hectic city.the welcome back fruit basket actually had some delicious fruits ( vs. cheap fruits i.e. a la starbucks fruit salad style), free internet access is a blessing (not the case with all Beijing hotels), housekeeping was efficient (quick turnaround for requests like toothbrush-- but why don't they just supply it to start out with?) despite facing tthe main street noise was not an issue, the bathtub looked inviting as usual, the arcade convenient, the location also makes life easier.the only annoyance was both of my roomkeys did not work (immediately after check in) and when I went back to the front desk there was only 1 person behind the desk helping someone else that seemed to have been there for a long timestill one of my favs in Beijing	
Sep 10 2007 	A genuinely outstanding hotel	We stayed for 5 nights at the Peninsula Beijing, and felt completely at home and very relaxed. It's fair to say that this hotel has gone for a slightly older fashioned sense of luxury, when compared to some of the glass palaces that pop up these days. At least on the surface, you'd think that it was aimed at old-money colonials. But scratch the surface, and you'll find everything that could make your stay more comfortable and more convenient. I'll explain;The location of this hotel is excellent. It's just off the main shopping street, with its widely varied shops and large indoor malls. You can walk to the Forbidden City in about 15-25 minutes (depending on the entrance you use), and Tienanmen Square in about 20 minutes. If you go off in the other direction, you'll go through some pretty cool neighbourhoods, with a variety of boutiques, uber-chic hair salons, and some local markets and hutongs. The room we booked (a grand deluxe) was amply equipped, with a vast plasma screen in the bedroom, and a smaller one in the bathroom. There was also a DVD player, and a superb bedside panel containing controls for the TV, radio, air-conditioning, lighting, privacy signal, valet service, etc. The panel by the door and the room's main telephone even displayed the outside temperature and humidity percentage. The room wasn't massive, but it was a good size, with sufficient storage for our 5 night stay. The maid service was remarkable; they folded all clothes they could see, and kept the room feeling and looking fresh at all times. One day, we made the schoolboy error of leaving the safe open while we went off to the Great Wall. After a few minutes of concern, we realised that our things would probably be OK, considering the conscientious nature of the hotel staff. Indeed, on our return, the room was immaculate, and the safe had been pushed closed. All contents were safe and present. Phew... The only drawback with the room was the safe. It's not big enough to contain a laptop. Therefore, I had to use the hotel's safety deposit boxes, behind reception. This was fine, and free of charge, but a little inconvenient.Other hotel services were very good, too. We used one of the hotel's recommended drivers to take us to the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall. The price was reasonable (far less than a coach tour), and the driver was friendly and helpful. He waited patiently at the bottom of the cable car, and sped us home through the beautiful countryside when we were ready to go back. The doormen of the hotel were very helpful and friendly, and liked to have a chat and make recommendations. The same can be said for some of the concierges. We also ordered room service (in-room dining) a few times, and were very pleased with the results. Unusually good food. We also ate in both of the hotel's restaurants, and found the food to be beautifully presented and extremely tasty. Not cheap, but what do you expect? If you want cheap snacks, walk a couple of hundred metres to the nighttime foodmarket, where you can buy deep-fried scorpions, starfish, squid, etc. I wasn't brave enough...This was the third hotel we used in China, and was easily the best. It wasn't as flash or modern as the others, but it was just as fresh and sleek, and quite a lot more comfortable and convenient. They seem to have paid more attention to the details than many other hotels do - even down to the elevators/lifts, for which you barely had to wait, due to the ratio of rooms to lifts. We'd love to go back to Beijing, and wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Peninsula again. A superb hotel, with superb services and a superb location. We were very sad to leave.	
Aug 22 2007 	Loved the Peninsula	Quite suprised by negative reviews. Went to beijing, shanghai and HK and could not find a service like this. The concierge is helpful, all staff is unobstrusive and will adress your every need. Also stayed at the royal meridien shanghai and langham place in hong kong and I thought the overall experience was better at the Pen (upon leaving to china I thought it would be exactly the opposite). The rooms will be serviced many times a day in a very discrete way, they always seem to have a floor manager responsible for managing the staff. The breakfast was also among the best I have found in china and better than the langham (although still not comparable to some hotels in malaysia for instance). Stayed at a deluxe room and thought the room was small but had everything we needed and it all worked fine / good hotel maintenance (mp3/mp4 player, plasma, tv in bathroom, valet parking button, outside temperature indicator, dvd player and free movies to watch). The hotel has 3 floors of overpriced high-end brands like L. Vutton, Chanel, D&amp;G, Hermes and so on but products often cost 3 or 4 times more than in my hometown. Good to look at the nice store displays though...	
Aug 16 2007 	Great room good location	Also, really surprised about negative comments. The Peninsula Beijing is great and is located in a good area. Room was very nice with a lot of electronic gadgets...Restaurants are expensive for Beijing but the service was good.It is true that their Lobby looks like a LUXURY mall; but I went to Beijing to visit the city, not their lobby (apparently this shopping mall is a good address for the local people...)	
Aug 8 2007 	Business hotel of international standard	Overall feel:This is trying hard to be as western as possible. The interior of lobby and rooms could be taken out of any good business hotel in the western world, but this corporate style may feel dull and lifeless depending on your preferences. Service:However, when you deal with the staff if is very clear that we are in the middle of Beijing. Any request verging outside the reheased phrases will throw them. This is china afterall. Waiters are nervous and shaking when serving, any questions or requests are met with terrified looks. This is not the fault of the staff or hotel, it is cultural - this type of hotels feel natural in frankfurt but awkward in Beijing. Lobby/bar/restaurants:The hotel in a high end shopping mall with all the global brands such as prada, gucci, tiffany's, etc. I guess the hotel feels this add to the glam factor as these shops are literally in the lobby and directly by the two restaurants. I find this gave me a feel of being in a shopping mall. The bar is totally boring and sits on the lobby floor. no views (not that you get much views in Beijing anyways given the pollution), and no character or soul.Had a dinner at Jing. This is also where they serve breakfast. It is totally boring and even more souless. Menu is very uninspired, but my steak was fine. Breafast is very standard business hotel stuff, and whats on offer is a good display of how difficult it must be to get good produce in China.Tours:Did a private tour of Ming tombs and the wall arranged by hotel. this included a car with driver accompanied by a guide. This was satisfactory and nice helpful guide. DO:book airport transfer through the hotel, it is safer, cleaner, quicker etcConclusion: Certainly not a destination hotel, it is fine if you need a bed for the night but otherwise a dull dull place.	
Aug 6 2007 	Had a great time	When we checked in they immediately upgraded us to a larger room. I have learned from traveling throughout China is that as soon as you check into any hotel, the first thing you do is ask for an upgraded room. The room was clean and spacious. The hotel is in a central location. The buffet breakfast was excellent. We faced the same prblem at all the five star hotels we sttayed at and that is that the english the staff speaks and understands is limited. When we had computer problems they immediately sent up a representative late at night to assist us. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. We wanted to buy souvenirs not from the typical tourist trap stores and no one at the hotel would tell us where we could shop. The stores located at the lobby of the hotel are expensive and no bargains we to be had.	
Aug 5 2007	great hotel	I am surprised by the negative reviews of this hotel. I thought it was fantastic. The room was clean and modern with a flat screen TV and electric controls throughout. The hotel lobby is full of high end stores and the staff was eager to please. The breakfast buffet was amazing. Who would expect lox and bagels in China! Beijing is a filthy, crowded city. This hotel is an oasis. They have CNN and BBC on the TV (which is denied to the citizens of China) plus real internet access (which they also don't get) and the Herald Tribune is available (which they also aren't allowed to read). Don't eat at the outdoor food vendor carts on the next block unless you like to eat shishkabob snake or goat penis. This is real chinese fare.We booked a tour through Pacific Delight which was excellent, punctual, courteous and reasonably priced. The department store a few blocks down had some good shopping, including a sculptor onsite who made busts of my wife and I while we waited for very little money.	
Jul 20 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at this hotel in May 2007. Outstanding service, excellent hotel, close to major tourist attractions. Used their service whereby they pick you up at the airport &amp; then take you back--kind of costly but they earn it, devoting several people to assisting your arrival, checking you in in your room, and on departure staying with you until your luggage is checked with your airline. Almost every designer clothes shop known to man is located in this hotel as well, so there is good shopping. Had breakfast buffet there every morning--lavish, good food.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 20 2007	Does not live up to the hype	We wanted to love the Peninsula Beijing but we didn't. The hotel is Western style in a good location with many high end luxury boutiques. The room was on the small side and the bathroom was very cramped. The bathtub was quite old and dirty. Aside from this, housekeeping and the laundry service were very good. A complimentary bottle of wine was in our room when we arrived. The in-room electronics were quite good.We dined at Jing (a la carte, not buffet) and through room-service. The food was average to slightly above average.The business centre is very nice but charges guests to use the internet.The pool was busy and appeared dirty. We would not swim in the pool. The gym was very nice and clean.The concierge service appeared to be very good and very efficient. They were very responsive to our emails prior to our arrival and helpful in booking tours, theatre tickets and meals. However, a tour we booked through them was a nightmare.We paid a great deal of money for a full day tour of the historical sites of China. We had been warned of the horrors of shopping trips but wrongly assumed that since the tour was booked through the Peninsula Academy program, we would be fine. The tour guide was obviously on commission from certain stores because he wasted over 2 hours of our trip trying to get us to buy things. He was very pushy and kept trying to end the tour and return to stores we previously visited. Of course, we had wasted so much time with this shopping nonsense (which is mentioned nowhere in the brochure provided by the Peninsula) that our tour of certain sites was very short. When I complained to front desk manager, she did not appear to care and did not adjust our bill. We complained to the Peninsula head office who seemed concerned and are investigating the complaint. I should point out that was also took a Hutong Tour arranged by the hotel and it was very good.We were also disappointed when the valet put us in a cab with out a metre (a big scam in China). When we tried to point it out, he didn't do anything and the cab took off. We got overcharged by about $20.	
Jul 11 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Peninsula in Sept for a weekend. The rooms we nice and clean - nothing spectacular. The restuarants at the hotel are good as well. Generally a nice western style hotel.	
Jul 11 2007 	Average Hotel - extremely poor service!	The airport pickup is great, the check in is great, the rooms are average for a 5 star hotel but the service in the (only) bland lobby bar is extremely poor. We thought this was bad until we foolishly decided to have dinner in their buffet resturant (it was my 83 year old mothers choice!). We were totally ignored by staff and were on our second food visit when the wine I asked for after we arrived was delivered. I should point out that no-one asked us about drinks I had to seek the person out, just to place the order. We could see him laughing with his work colleagues while we waited. This is a common trait in the hotel. We had after dinner drinks and asked for the bill (the staff still stood around talking) and my family had been gone for a full 10 minutes when I gave up and left only to be chased by a staff member wanting us to sign. Expecting she had the bill I was happy to do so but she said it wasn't prepared - much like the hotel. If they think this will be a flagship hotel for the Beijing Olympics and the Games reflect this, it will be a total shambles of a Games! The Peninsula Group should be ashamed.	
Jul 4 2007 	Nice Facility Indifferent Service	We stayed three nights at the Peninsula in late June 2007. Our room was on the Club Level. There were three of us so they gave us an extra large room with an alcove for a desk that was very useful for my son who was staying with us while doing 24 hour business with communication between the US and China. The guest rooms and public spaces of the Club Level were very, very nicely decorated. Pleasing high-end contemporary decor. The location of the hotel was good...nothing in Beijing is really central but from the Peninsula, you could take a longish walk to the Forbidden CIty. The hotel is arranged around a three level mall that is a luxury shopper's dream with every international high-end store that you think of (Chanel, Tiffany, Prada, Frette, a new Harry Winston)...good for browsing if you like that sort of thing. Prices are same as NY or London. We had one room service meal. It came quickly and it was good. My only quibble was that the staff at the Club Lounge seemed rather indifferent. We had just spent a week at the Portman Ritz in Shanghai where the service at the Club Lounge was extraordinary, so perhaps we were spoiled. Restaurant and theatre reservations had to be made through the main concierge desk where there was always a wait. The Club Lounge staff had spotty English language skills. You always had to ask for drink and coffee refills...it seemed like they were told to ration. An empty white wine bottle on the open bar sat unreplaced for an hour from 6 to 7PM. The most egregious shortcoming of the hotel however, and the reason I can't give it five stars was that the Club Lounge shut up tight at 10 or 11 (can't remember which) and they turned off all internet access at that time. To make matters worse, the general hotel business center shut at midnight. We had one laptop with us but it was often tied up with one of our party's long Skype business calls. So access to a second computer was essential. Someone at the Peninsula should realize that when it is midnight in Beijing, it is noon in New York and 9AM in California where most of the high tech business guests are based.	
Jul 2 2007 	Phenomenal	One of the best hotels ever. The service is wonderful. The accommodations were comfortable, clean, and first rate. I can't say enough about this hotel. The location is fantastic as well.	
Jun 22 2007	Fantastic	Just what you would expect from a 5 star property. Clean, excellent service, good food, and nice rooms. Concierge is helpful. Location of the property is good too. I preferred it to some of the other areas near the Silk Market - too much of a &quot;times Square&quot; look there. Well worth the money.	
Jun 18 2007	Overall a great experience	We stayed in the Beijing Peninsula for about three days this May. Overall the hotel was wonderful. The rooms are well appointed with modern comfortable furniture. The hotel lobby is grand and has exclusive shops - Chanel, Tiffany's etc.. We stayed on the Club floor. The amenities there were excellent - free breakfast &amp; papers. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. We tried the Cantonese restaurant on the basement level - it was fanastic. Very nicely decorated as well. The location is ok - close to one of the main shopping streets, although not terribly close to the Forbidden City, etc. Overall, well recommended.	
Jun 17 2007 	Strong but not superb	stayed 5 nights here in a club level room. Strong points: location; willing service; great club floor breakfast; fabulous Cantonese restaurant Huang Ting; airport transfers a must.Weaker points: weak lobby atmosphere and bar (nearby Regent is better); no hip restaurants at all (compare Redmoon and Made in China at Grand Hyatt); basic gym and spa (nothing like Peninsula Hong Kong); spotty room service and maid service.A good rather than great experience. Need management at Hong Kong Peninsula to oversee and upgrade this well located hotel. We enjoyed it but didn't love it.	
Jun 17 2007 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in The Penninsula for 4 nights, when we arrived we found in our room a birthday cake for my husband and a complementary red wine for us.Room was nice, free internet was very useful, the flat t.v. in the room and in the bathroom were nice, we used the swiming pool a lot, Beijing was very hot and after a long day outside at The Great Wall, Forbbiden City etc, it was very nice to have the pool.The breakfast was very nice, not cheap though.We found the bar a little bit boring.	
Jun 15 2007 	Fantastic! Great for designer brand shopping!	We stayed here for 4D/3N..The service was excellent! Waiters are polite, friendly, and very accomodating at the breakfast buffet. The food was good. Design wise, the hotel lobby for me was not that beautiful compared to other Peninsula lobbies .The room was avarege for a 5-star hotel. I like the electronic control system in the room, though. It's right beside your night table. it's very convenient especially when you're already in bed, you have the control of everything inside the room. It also has an outside temperature &amp; humidity forecast .The bathroom LCD TV was innovative. I love their complementary hi-speed internet service. Most of all, I love the signature shops in the hotel. There's no need to go somewhere else for designer shopping in Beijing (Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Versace, Tiffany &amp; Co., Dior, Hermes, D&amp;G, Prada, Burberry, and much more..).	
Jun 1 2007 	Best Hotel in Beijing	First trip to China and Beijing was the first stop. Was pleasantly surprised with the Peninsula level of luxury and service.Location: A bit from main entrance to Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, but despite warnings of distance we were able to walk it several times. About two blocks from the major shopping street. Room: We stayed in their standard Deluxe room. It was a fairly large bedroom area, usual 5* amenities. A wonderfully large bathroom with TV and sound system. Separate soaking tub and glass shower. None of the busy road noise was heard in the room. We didn't eat in the hotel or do any shopping in the high-end western stores at the hotel, so can't comment on those.	
May 18 2007 	Great location	Stayed at the peninsula last March. We upgraded to the club floor and was fine. The lounge was very good, good breakfast, good snacks and free drinks in the early evening. Worth it. The location is just great. 30-40 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen (spelling?) Square. However, be aware, there are quite a few 20-something people who will approach you and will try to make conversation, and offer to show you around and be your guide, I'm sure for a lot of money. All you have to say is &quot; not interested, thank you&quot; and they'll leave you alone. Is kind of bothersome, but other than that enjoy the thousands and thousands of asian tourists in that area. It's always quite crowded. Can't coment on public transportation, as we were escorted most of the time by our asian business associates. However, the picture I had of Beijing people riding bicycles as the main means of transportation is no longer the case. Bikes were replaced by cars, and horrendus traffic. Try a typical peking duck, hopefully with asian friends, who can explain how is prepared and eaten. Suffice to say, most if not all parts of the duck are brought to your table for your eating enjoyment. They took us to the Great Wall, the closest part of the wall to Beijing, about 1-2 hours depending on traffic. It's magnificent, quite steep &amp; quite crowded, but hey, what's not crowded in Beijing? Try if you can to go to another area of the wall, it's further away from the city 3-4 hours, but they have a gondola going up to view the wall, and can return using the gondola, or sometype of chair lift, I don't remember exactly, but it's supposed to be not as crowded. Overall, itwas a fascinating and interesting trip, and a nice hotel to stay at.	
May 10 2007 	Good but not great for a 5 star	First off, I travel to China frequently and own a home in Hangzhou. We typically stay at the Kerry Center in Beijing, but it was sold out for this particular week so we decided to go with the Peninsula. I guess if i had never been to the Kerry Center than i would not have been as disappointed. The Peninsula has smaller rooms than the Kerry and the bar/restaurants are not as nice as the Kerry. The Kerry is more &quot;hip&quot; than the Peninsula and defintely has that vibe of an older crowd. FYI, I am in my 30's so i am not looking for a party hotel, just not geratric either. The Peninsula does have very high end shops in the hotel like Tiffany and Chanel (I am not really into that so i did not care) if that is important to you. I was also disappointed that the spa was not more accomodating, even though it was seemingly always dead. You needed reservations for massages (which is so unChina like) at the hotel which prompted us to walk to a closer massage place. I just wanted that impressed with the Peninsula..I will stay at the Kerry next time.	
Apr 22 2007 	Very nice but not my cup of tea	I stayed here for two nights last week due to a business seminar being held in situe. The hotel is extremely well located for those looking to eat out as well as walk to the Forbidden City. There are two levels of European Luxury shops under the lobby and more outside. That being said, if you find that interesting, one should ask why they're in China. Physically, this is a relatively old hotel but has been upgraded in the past couple of years. The rooms, service, restaurants, etc. all have a high level of service and efficiency. The rooms are quiet and the internet connection, wired and wireless, fast and free. English speaking staff are plentiful and truly fluent.If you really want to feel like you're in a Western hotel, surrounded by Westerners, and there are plenty that do, this is the place. That's not a knock, that's just a fact. Also, not the best value in town. I stayed the weekend, checked out and went to a hotel one block away.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great location Excellent hotel	We just returned from Beijing where we stayed at the Peninsula. This is a great hotel, idealy located: within walking distance to the forbidden city, Tianan Men square and the shopping district of Wangfuji.The buffet breakfast is incredible. And the Chinese restaurant in the hotel is excellent. Rooms are well appointed and of good size.A swiming pool, with excellent service and well equiped changing rooms (always clean and in good order) is appreciated after a long day walking in the city.Overall, an excellent stay, with outstanding services and for a good price if you get a package from the hotel.	
Apr 12 2007	Best Concierge!!	We recently stayed at the Peninsula Beijing and we definitely recommend it to everyone. We were especially blown away by the Concierge service which was outstanding. We had some unexpected changes to our itinerary and they were able to help us make alternative arrangements at 6.30am!! Their restaurant recommendationswere also excellent. We had read about an unusual restaurant deep inside the hutongs in a magazine and asked the concierge to help us find it. They even made the taxi driver speak to the restaurant staffto be sure of the way!We used the car service arranged through the hotel and found this quite expensive, but contrary to what we were told before we went to Beijing, the taxi service is not bad at all.The breakfast was not as extensive as some other hotels like Shangri-La, but food quality was top class. It was our wedding anniversary on the day we arrived, and our travel agent who happens to be a friend informed the hotel, they upgraded us to a deluxe room and had a chilled bottle of champagne waiting for us!! Now that's what I call service!	
Apr 11 2007 	Outstanding for business and sightseeing	A genuinely great luxury experience that I used for both business and sightseeing. I paid 1400 yuan ($189), which is pricey but not outrageous by Beijing standards, and for that I got included buffet breakfast at the Jing restaurant (excellent - a real feast), free wireless and also a hardwire connection, US-compatible electric plugs, and unlimited pool and gym. The room was reasonable size (14x22 feet, plus bathroom and hall area) and had a reasonable view. They picked me up at the airport (a good idea - PEK can be crazy) and waited on me hand and foot at every moment, from writing out directions in case I took a non-English-speaking cab, to coordinating with my business meetings, to handling faxes (also, there was a fax machine in the room) and setting up sightseeing tours and private cars to events and sights. The hotel is luxury class with very nice spa bathroom fixtures (Grohe and marble in my room), a surprisingly nice sound system in the room, and two excellent restaurants and a luxury shopping arcade. The gym has real weights and machines and even a rowing machine and the pool is great, housed in a solarium (not the basement). Even the cleaning staff spoke English. It is well located a short (5 minute) taxi ride from Tianenmen Square. In short, this hotel makes things easy, which is no small thing in the insanity that is Beijing. I will definitely stay here next time I'm in Beijing.	
Apr 10 2007 	Lovely Room Excellent Service Ideal Location	We stayed in the Peninsula Beijing for five nights in March. After finding the &quot;Winter Escape Package&quot; on their website, we made the final booking by phone using the toll-free Peninsula number. For the additional benefits, we chose the Club Floor and could not have been happier. When we arrived at the hotel, we were taken upstairs immediately and offered a drink in the lounge while the Club Floor staff completed the check-in forms and took our bags to the room. Although we could have had breakfast in Jing as part of the package, we found the breakfast on the Club floor delicious, plentiful, and relaxing. The same could be said for afternoon tea and cocktails in the early evening. In fact, we are light eaters; and many days we didn't have any other meals. The staff were attentive and extremely helpful. They provided maps, directions, and wonderful sightseeing suggestions complete with the names in Chinese characters for the taxi drivers. Franco Ma, a Club Floor Concierge, was a wealth of information and recommended one of the highlights of our stay -- Sunday in Jingshan Park.The room was small but extremely comfortable, quiet, and well designed with a roomy bathroom. Dinner at Jing was outstanding with a broad range of cuisines. The hotel's location made it ideal for those who enjoy walking. It was a 15 to 20 minute walk to the Forbidden City, 25 to 30 to Tianamen Square, and about 10 minutes to the pedestrian shopping street. Although we used taxis to many places, we thoroughly enjoyed being able to walk to places we visited often.We would highly recommend the Peninsula and especially the Club Floor because of the excellent and charming staff, personalized service, and value for money.	
Apr 10 2007	Best Stay Abroad Ever	HIGHLIGHTS: Truly an experience, flat panel TV, TV and sound system in bathroom, daily maid service, excellent personnel, great food, on-premise currency exchange, fluencey in English among staff, purified water in-room, remarkable rooms, good view (in our room) spacious hotel, rooms and shopping area.AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT: Better labeling of foods containing fish or nuts.OVERALL: This a first-rate hotel with all the staples one would expect to find. We stayed here as part of an incentive travel experience for Konica-Minolta and found The Peninsula to be among the premiere hotels in Beijing. The trip was incredible, but this was largely due to the accomodations received as much as the cultual experience around us. While many other American travelers we encountered were complaining of staffs who didn't understand them or small rooms with stale air, we were spoiled t the Peninsula.	
Apr 3 2007 	Outstanding!!!	We recently returned from a 6 night stay at the Penn and cannot recommend this property more highly.As independent travelers, we booked the hotel directly through their web-site and they responded to our email promptly.Our winter escape package included breakfast and airport transfers.After a 16 hour flight, we were grateful to be met at the gate with acar and driver who whisked us to the hotel. Although it was  9PM, we were met at the door and checked into our room on-site.The room was clean, comfortable and excepting the lack of a coffee pot, furnished to high standards.All of the staff, particularly the concierge desk, were immensely helpful.Breakfast was bountiful, including Chinese, Japanese and European specialties with omelettes made to order.The location near Wangfujing Daije was exceptional with lots to see and do. Although we did walk tothe Forbidden City the first day, we suggest a cab instead. Save your feet. What astounded us-One evening we returned to our room to find a card and birthday cake. The staff had discovered my husbands' birthday, ( we assume from our passports) and had sent up a to-die-for chocolate mousse cake. It doesn't get any better than the Penn. It's a stay we will remember forever.	
Mar 12 2007 	Stellar	Just returned from a six day, five night stay in Beijing at the Peninsula. Stayed in an executive suite under the Winter Escapes package. Was picked up from the airport in an older S class Mercedes (thankfully as the Beijing Airport can be a zoo.). Was greeted at the front door and front desk check in was by-passed (it was done in the suite.) I would recommend booking at least a club level room because it gives you access to the private club room that serves lite fare throughout the day. All staff speaks English and were very polite and accomodating. Hotel is older and suites aren't large but very cleaned and serviced twice a day. The hotel is about a 30 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square and a 90 minute drive to the Great Wall. There is also an open area shopping promenade two blocks from the property. As a heads up, younger Chinese will try to solicit money from you claiming they are art students from the university and want to take you to an art exhibition; happened to me five times. That aside, it is a trip everyone needs to make in their lifetime to see the incredible history the mainland has.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great hotel excellent location	I stayed 5 nights at the Peninsula Beijing back in May 2004 as an extension to my husband's business trip. His business was not in Beijing central so it was nice to move to the middle of everything! We booked a bed and breakfast rate which was perfect as we started out every day with a very large breakfast. The food was delicious and service was friendly. My only complaint is that there is no way to separate the smokers from the non-smokers (it is China after all!), but the hostess was accomodating when we asked to sit as far away as possible. Loved the wide-selection of fresh fruits.The guest room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very large, as expected. Separate shower and bath, a toilet room, and a TV too! We got one of their then recently renovated rooms.The individual room A/C worked really well (LCD display) - at most hotels, I usually see those dials where the temp never seems right. Even more fun was the display that told you the outside temp.If this is your first time to Beijing, you cannot beat the location. I hear that the St. Regis is equal or better as a hotel, but it is not located anywhere near the Peninsula. You are steps away from shopping and a short walk to the Forbidden Palace.Service was excellent. We were given the wrong type of room when we checked in. When we informed them, we were told that our room was not quite ready and we were asked to wait a few minutes in the lounge. After we sat down, the manager came by and offered us complimentary drinks and snacks. We probably waited all of 15-20 minutes.When we went, there was no spa in the hotel. The &quot;hotel spa&quot; was a day spa located in the attached high-end shopping center. I think it was Clarins and all the prices were Western rates. You could, however, get massages in the hotel (near the gym and pool area). Mine was good, but I've had better.This was a very busy hotel when I was there. There was some car publicity event one night, a wedding another night, and the hotel just had a lot of guests! I like how you have to walk by reception to get to the elevator - a nice added measure of security for a hotel in the middle of a major city.Lastly, we never dined in (except for breakfast) and opted to eat the local food. The concierge was very helpful in assisting us in suggesting restaurants and making reservations. Plus there were plenty of dumpling places everywhere!	
Feb 6 2007 	Great location and rooms	We choose this hotel because of its location. A short walk from shops and restaurants of Wang Fu Jing, and also short taxi ride to many of the big tourist spots.The rooms are pretty standard for this class of hotel, and the high end shops and restaurants in the lower floors serve only a very small set of clientele (read: expensive and geared toward those with money to burn).Service is generally good but like many places in China, occasionally shows a lack of polish.We'd be happy to choose the Peninsula again the next time we're in Beiing.	
Jan 25 2007 	Very good with a good location	Stayed at the Pen for the first time. I have been to other Beijing hotels and I would say that this hotel is tied for first (the other is the St.Regis). I liked the location. It has a good walking street a block away and you can even walk to the Forbiden City if you wish. The hotel rooms were nice and the service was classic Peninsula. The staff was very helpfull in helping me find directions and hire a car service for a day of business. I would stay there again.	
Jan 19 2007 	Yet another truly memorable Peninsula experience	Having repeatedly stayed in the ever-flawless Peninsula Hong Kong, we chose the Peninsula Beijing for our first visit to Beijing. We were not disappointed and was welcomed with the very same Peninsula hospitality that surely make a hotel stay that much more memorable. Although not as beautiful or grand as the Peninsula Hong Kong, their matching standards does not fail to give guest the same “Pen” experience. We booked at the last minute and was offered the Beijing Suite at a truly unbeatable rate.Included in the rate was a roundtrip airport transfer in an S-Class Mercedes Benz. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were accorded VIP greeting by the Guest Relations representative and immediately whisked up to our suite where the check-in procedures were completed with greatest efficiency, bypassing the normal check-in counter. This is the same treatment given to guests staying in premium suites at the Peninsula Hong Kong, although not a privilege of all leading 5-star hotels. So another little thing to impress us and add to a memorable stay.The suite was perfect. The double door entry foyer featured a unique display of a lovely glass sculpture, separating the entrance from the living room and dining area creating a very lovely overall ambiance. The suite was large and featured all the luxury amenities including a large flat wide-screen plasma television (in both the living room and the bedroom), a small office area, two bathrooms, etc. Although we visited Beijing for sightseeing, the hotel is also extremely well suited for those on business trips. The location is superb especially for sightseeing, being within walking distance of the Forbidden City and the main shopping street. It is a delight to stay here and be pampered ‘Peninsula Style’. We highly recommend this lovely hotel to anyone visiting Beijing and will definitely return ourselves when our travel brings us back to this fascinating city.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great for business	Rooms were gorgeous, service was impeccable from both the general staff and the catering staff. If looking for a meeting venue, strongly consider the Peninsula Beijing. The main ballroom can fit up to 400 people. The breakout rooms are fantastic and the staff is very willing to help.Great place.	
Jan 4 2007 	Good hotel	This is an excellent hotel that certainly lives up to the Peninsula name. Booked this as part of a weekend package for my brother and two nieces. It was a great experience from check-in to check-out. Hotel is conveniently located -- a short cab ride to the major sights and near shopping and restaurants. The hotel also has a great gym and pool -- a perfect place to relax with family. My nieces enjoyed that as much as the rest of Beijing. The rooms were nice, well-decorated and extremely comfortable. Floors were quiet and hotel staff extremely helpful. Breakfast was included in the room and it was wonderful, particularly if you have children who are picky eaters. In fact, the breakfast is enough to last you until dinner. We also had drinks and dinner at one of the restaurants. There is a beautiful sculpture/fountain in the lower level of the lobby area.The only criticism I have is of the lobby. It is dark and seems to be 1/2 hotel lobby, 1/2 high-end shopping mall. It was a strange mix. But overall, this hotel was great.	
Dec 23 2006 	Impeccable through and through	The friendly and helpful staff, comfortable rooms and great food (western and traditional chinese) at this hotel hold up to the Peninsula's quality of service. Their breakfast buffets were filling enough to take me through the day with nothing more than a light snack mid-afternoon. The staff organized and shipped all my souvenirs for me. I would stay here again.	
Dec 17 2006 	Wonderful from start to finish	I have spent a week at Peninsula Palace and I feel to reccomend it to anyone.I have stayed in a Club grand deluxe room. I found the room and the bathroom to be generous size. Breakfast on the Club floor was good but don't miss the breakfast at Jing. It is worth to try it!The staff are highly attentive and the concierges very prepared and friendly. The hotel is ideally located and you can walk to Tiananmen square in 20 minutes.Can't think of any negatives.	
Dec 14 2006 	A Flawless Hotel!	My husband and I arrived in Beijing after flying nearly 40 hours from the U.S. Our second flight had been terrible (15 hours, last row of seats on the plane, next to a bathroom, couldn't recline, no in flight entertainment, horrible smelling fish being cooked behind us for dinner... you get the point). You could say we weren't exactly chipper when we got to the hotel. From the first moment we arrived at the check in desk, to the last second we had before departing the people at The Peninsula put a smile on our faces. We found upon arriving that we had been upgraded to an Executive Suite. The room was phenomenal. We bascially had an apartment complete with living room, dining room, powder room, large closet space, large bedroom, and a bathroom that makes me want to be back in Beijing right now! The rooms all had &quot;mood lighting&quot; which we got a kick out of. The concierge was wonderful to deal with. She was able to book us dinner at The Courtyard (fine dining Asian fusion), and dinner at Da Dong (the best Peking duck we found). Both were outstanding. We did book our own car service to go to The Great Wall at Simatai as the rates were much better than the hotels, but that is to be expected. We're eager to go back, and to try The Peninsula in both Hong Kong and Bangkok next year.	
Dec 11 2006 	Sanctuary in Crazy Beijing	This hotel is FABULOUS! Beijing is a very busy, crowded city and the Peninsula was a wonderful retreat from the noise of the city. Every employee working there is a true professional...from the doorman to the concierge, they are absolutely the best! The concierge is extremely knowledgeable and speak the best english of anyone we encountererd in all of Beijing! The turn down service was a nice touch...mood lighting, soft music and a fresh pair of slippers on a linen next to your bed....Heaven! The Mercedes airport pick up service was much appreciated after such a long flight! If you want a first class place to stay in Beijing...the Peninsula is it!	
Dec 8 2006 	Good option	Sevice and airport pick up excellent. It was such a nice experience however the rooms a little small. Bathrooms are very small. The hotel is a good choice but space is not that big. If you are looking for a roomier hotel this is not the one. Nice boutiques at lobby and good breakfast. It is a good choice for the centric and best of all it is not in the Hotel strip where all the hotels are.	
Dec 2 2006 	Concierge could successfully negotiate world peace	This really is the place to stay in Beijing. Not only is it all about location, location, location, but the concierge desk is simply one of the best in the world. If asked, these people could negotiate world peace. The hotel is within walking distance of a number of major attractions. We were given a copy of the LUXE city guide of Beijing before we departed Hong Kong. Stay at this hotel and use this well written and hysterically funny guide of the city and you'll experience the best of the best. &quot;The Green Tea House&quot; restaurant should be a stop. It's expensive and eclectic, but very good. You must order the chocolate dessert that is warm and oozy and served in a bowl with dry ice for effect. Wild ! Its a short drive from the hotel. Don't walk, its too far. We negotiated a driver from the hotel and were slightly overcharged. We let the conierge desk know for their information and it was no big deal. Within minutes the unrequested difference in cash in an envelope was slipped under our door. Can you imagine that happening in any U.S. or Canadian Hotel ? Asia is all about service and China specifically about &quot;saving face&quot;. The people here are very welcoming.The Club floor is excellent. When you arrive, don't be put off by the outside appearance. It's what's inside that works and works nicely. The hotel run &quot;Jing&quot; restaurant is beautiful, but overpriced and like most places in Beijing, it's okay to smoke while others dine. Oh, and &quot;Made In China&quot; is a very good restaurant in the Hyatt hotel, a short walk from the Peninsula. Reservations are a must,and make sure you tell them you want to order the Peking Duck or Beggars Chicken, after all, you are in the land of origin.Get the hotel to organize a car and driver along with an English speaking guide to go to The Great Wall. We spent 9 hours with these guys and it cost about $180.00 U.S. One note, it includes lunch. Lunch is a stop at a government run gift store. You wont eat the food, unless you have been on a fast for 37 days. Tell them to pass on the lunch-stop and figure out food for you, your driver and guide on your own. Some nice touches with the &quot;turn-down&quot; services in your room at night.	
Nov 8 2006 	Palace indeed	The Peninsula Palace is a great, great hotel. The lobby bar is one of those fantastic melting pots of a meeting place with young, hip, rich Beijingers loaded down with shopping bags from the hotel's high end designer shops rubbing shoulders with foreign journos, other expats and Chinese business people. It has that real international hotel feel.The rooms, as everyone has said here, are supremely comfortable and the staff accommodating, friendly and highly professional. I did find the bed a bit hard but got used to it.The pool and massage facilities are great. Brenda's foot massage rocks!The breakfast at Jing is only surpassed by the brilliant buffet dinner there. Great value and amazing food, running the gamut from east to west in delicious style.After a day's sightseeing and shopping in mad, frenetic, exciting, wonderful Beijing, the Peninsua Palace is a truly relaxing haven and home away from home that will have you refreshed and ready to go again the next day.We were there for four nights during the Sino-African summit with the president of Egypt and Guinea and their entourages in-house. The way the hotel handled the extra security and associated busy-ness bodes well for the 2008 Olympics.	
Nov 3 2006	Treated like a queen	Arrived at hotel late in the day,and very tired from long flight.Rooms were ready and luggage in room before I was.Bed was turned down with a mint on pillow. Two bottles of water furnished every day by hotel,saved us from having to purchase.Buffet breakfast a good mix of western and Asian food.GOOD COFFEE! When you passed hotel emplyee's ,always a smiling hello,Doors opened for you whenever you went out and again when you returned.Mattresses were the best in all the trip.For a change my back wasn't killing me when I got up.Wished I knew brand,would buy one for my bed at home.Thanks to all the staff at the Palace for making the start of my China vacation so great.	
Oct 31 2006 	Extremely pleased	I reserved two Grand Deluxe rooms for a week at The Peninsula Palace Beijing during August 2006. I was extremely pleased. The exterior and the lobby are austere and clean. The check-in was easy. The room was sharp, clean and nicely appointed. Even the corridors were spotless, as if the hotel had just opened. I was a bit concerned about the room because photos on TripAdvisor, and on other sites, make it look rather spartan. As soon as I settled in, though, I realized that the reason the room looks so unassuming is because there was a place for everything and everything was in its place. The room design is well thought out. It was always a pleasure to come back to after a day of sightseeing in Beijing. The breakfast buffet in the Jing restaurant was outstanding with many choices. The entire restaurant was sparkling clean. The open kitchen was immaculate. It was a pleasure to wake up to that delicious breakfast every morning. I ate once in the Huang Ting restaurant and found it too was delicious. The staff was attentive, courteous and professional. Most spoke English and those that did not were eager to do there best to help. The morning that I checked out, I had forgotten my password to the room safe and someone was in my room to help me open it in less than 5 minutes. I can only think of two things to complain about. First, I found the bed to be a bit on the hard side. Second, the room rates are pricey. That having been said, however, it is not enough to make me not go back to the Peninsula. In fact, I did just that in late October 2006. I showed up there without a reservation and they were able to accommodate me immediately. It felt like going home again even though it was only for a night this time.	
Oct 31 2006 	Great Stay	We just spent three nights at the Peninsula, and were very pleased.We stayed in an executive club room for a very reasonable price.The 5 star rating is deserved. The hotel car picked us up and when we pulled up at the hotel a concierge met us at the curb and took us directly to our room and checked us in there. We had fresh fruit and chocolates waiting for us. The room was spacious and attractive, with a large plasma screen in the wall of the bedroom/sitting room plus another small one in the wall of the bathroom. You could sit in the bathtub and work wall control buttons for the TV, radio or speaker phone. Like most hotels, the makeup lighting in the bathroom was poor. I called the valet looking for three common room amenties I couldn't find - because they were more tastefully out of sight than I expected.Club room amenties were good, however you have to arrange tours at the concierge desk in the lobby to book tours and guides. Every concierge who waited on us did an excellent job and all the private guides they got for us were excellent. We would definitely book this hotel if we return to Beijing.	
Oct 5 2006 	Pampered at the Peninsula	Spent four nights at the Peninsula Palace in September. The Bedroom on one of the executive club floors was terrific - huge bed, internet conections, air con that obeyed us, flat screen TV and even a second TV in the bathroom! The Executive Club rooms could not be faulted with speedy check-in and check-out , great breakfasts and a splendid happy hour. The hotel is in an ideal situation near to Beijing's main sights and a shopping area. Restaurants were fine	
Oct 3 2006 	It's not cheap but very nice	I stayed on the club level for 2 nights while on business. The service was flawless and the location excellent. I think some may expect a more luxurious stay for the amount of money, but to me the courteous and attentive staff more than compensate.	
Sep 12 2006 	Overrated	The hotel is over rated. I had planned on staying at the Peninsula for seven days; the first two days in a standard room re-checking in 4 days later in a club level room. The hotel lobby is what you would expect from a &quot;5&quot; star hotel, however, the room was the size of your standard room with a small unimpressive bathroom and the room was getting close to needing to be refurbished. It definetly was not the room I was expecting. I am sure I could have stayed at a hotel with a comparable room for 1/3 the cost.The room rate did include a wonderful breakfast and a dinner at the Jing restaurant which was excellent.The hotel is well located being close to the main shopping area and many of the important sights in Beijing. On the way to the Forbidden City we walked by the Raffles Hotel which had just re-opened and stayed there for the balance of our trip and had an outstanding stay for less money than the Peninsula.	
Sep 4 2006	Outstanding	Recently spent three nights in Beijing at the Peninsula. From the pick-up at the Airport to the check-in in our room by the Club level with Tea and Fruits and Snacks, the hotel service was outstanding. Walking distance to Forbidden City, Shopping, Tianmen Square. Booked tours through the hotel and they were perfect, we booked group tours but noone else signed up so we had private tours of the Great Wall, Forbidden city etc.. The hotels Club level lounge had wonderful breakfast and evening appetizers and drinks. Rooms are outstanding with no short-comings.	
Sep 2 2006 	Great experience; highly recommended	I stayed at the Peninsula Beijing from Aug. 25-29, 2006. I was on a business trip, but my parents joined me in China for a week-long vacation and we stayed at this hotel in two separate rooms.I was very pleased with the hotel. The service was excellent, the location is very central, and the room was exceptionally nice. (My photos don't really do it justice.) The fitness center is pretty good, and the pool is nice and was not crowded when I visited. Housekeeping is exceptional -- several times between visits to the room I noticed that they had spot cleaned and refreshed towels, made the bed, etc. The hotel is very well-staffed, and every person I met spoke basic English. The front desk staff speaks excellent English, and I noticed that many of the managers are European.I didn't think that the outside of the hotel is terribly attractive, but the inside more than makes up for it. (That said, my mom loved the outside.)I've stayed in the Grand Hyatt (twice) and a Novotel in Beijing, and overall I prefer the Peninsula and would definitely stay there again. The Grand Hyatt is very nice (and also nearby) and it has a better fitness center, but the Hyatt is usually more expensive and I think the service at the Peninsula is more friendly and less chain-like.Room service for dinner was excellent. I only had the breakfast buffet at the hotel, which was okay but not great.FYI, after a recent renovation the hotel is now just &quot;The Peninsula Beijing&quot; -- it's not called The Peninsula Palace anymore but it's the same hotel.	
Sep 1 2006 	Disappointing Peninsula	We booked a non-smoking, deluxe king room on the club floor at supposedly the best hotel in Beijing. It was very disappointing. First off, they gave us a smoking room - there way of making it non-smoking was removing the ashtrays when we pointed out to the bellman that it appeared to be a smoking room. Second the room was quite small. Crowded for two people. The bathroom was really substandard. It was a tub shower and it leaked everywhere. We planned to check out after the first night and move to the Grand Hyatt. However the Club Floor manager found out about our plans and they offered us a bi-level suite (at an increased rate) which was nicer, but still not up to the level of a 5 star hotel. I stay in a lot of 5 star hotels and this just isn't up to par. The lobby and restaurants and excellent at this hotel. Definitely worth a trip to Jing or Huang Ting for dinner, but stay elsewhere.	
Aug 24 2006 	I liked it!	I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of August booking directly at hotel website where I found a very valuable package including a round trip transfer from Airport.The hotel is very elegant but not to much opulent (which I don't like). In the lobby you may find an arcade with the most well known fashion brands, but , I don't know why, they are the 20% more expensive than Italy.The room is very nice and clean; you can undestand tha the hotel is very new. Big flat TV and very interesting control board for lighting and more from the bed table. Bathroom is not that big, but there is also a flat TV (never seen something like that).The location is ideal; clean and safe area walking distance to the shopping area and very close as well to the forbidden city and the markets.I would stay here without any doubt in the future.	
Aug 13 2006	A Palace it is and Staff at their best	My husband, 9 year old son and I stayed at the Peninsula Palace Hotel August 3 - 6, 2006. During that time they had a summer promotion on and you had to be crazy not to book it. For a five star hotel they deserve every one of those stars. The summer promotion included breakfast (buffet) everyday and it was quite the buffet - western and asian as well the option of dining in their 5 star restaurant JING that is known throughout the city or you could choose transfers to/from the airport your choice.The check in and bags to the room had to be in record time. Once inside the room they have unbelievable features, like when you enter the room you have the option of mood lights (when was the last time you went into a hotel room that had mood lights) doesn't work with a 9 year old. The plasma TV was amazing and you can order from a list of DVD's that are delivered to your room and there is no charge for this service. They have a sitting area as well as a desk with a fax machine and internet access to use of course if you are on business. The bathroom is quite large nice counter area, separate shower area, nice deep bathtub - phone right by the toilet and a tv screen in the bathroom really what more do you need. We weren't even on the club floor.My husband and I had a chance to use the fitness facilities if you work out this is the hotel to book. We have travelled a lot all over the world and this is the BEST hotel gym you could ask for it is big and has very good equipment. A lady also runs around with a basket after you and offers water and asks if you need anything - beats our local gym! For swimming which our 9 year old did the pool is more than enough fun - clean and big and very well maintained - it is indoors but they also have lounge chairs in case you want to sun yourself outside.. The conceirge is more than staffed - they speak many different languages and of course being the height of summer season especially for Asia they look after everyone - no job is too big or small for them. Including recommending shopping places for all the women that have empty suitcases. Dinner reservations are not a problem and if you want to go to the Beijing Opera you can book that as well. Local tours are offered with shuttle or bus pick up as well very specialized tours that need 24-48 hours notice - if we had had more time in Beijing we would definately booked the educational ones. I can't say enough about the conceirge they really look after you and I really couldn't tell at one point how many staff they had - one day there were six behind the desk looking after everyone what they don't want are lineups and believe me you don't have to wait. The hotel is surrounded by expensive shops on three floors ie Channel, Coach, Tiffany you get the idea - I saw people with bags but never actually saw anyone shopping in the stores - I know they must do well. So if you are humming or hawing where to stay i would highly recommend this hotel - you are in a stones throw of Wangfujing Street which is one of the MAIN shopping areas - like department stores, Olympic Souveniers an awesome Arts and Crafts Centre many floors high with all kinds of Crafts including the Jewellery section on the main floor. You can also walk to Tiananmen Square takes about 15 minutes but a cab is quick and cheap as well. The Peninsula used to be called the Palace Hotel and if you are reading an old guide to Beijing you might not see the hotel in your book - The Peninsula Chain bought it and of course changed the name what a great buy. It's more than a Palace!	
Aug 7 2006 	Excellent with a few grumbles!	Excellent with the following comments:- agree with previous reviewer re. price of Evian bottle. Had same experience but refused and sent it away.- booked a car and guide to the great wall. The guide just rides with you for the trip and stayed behind the walk on the wall. I don't understand the point of it and why we had to pay for a useless service.- both inhouse restaurants very good.	
Aug 7 2006 	Best hotel in Beijing	I've stayed at almost every 5 star hotel in Beijing but found Peninsula as the best in town (price/location/value). Travelled dozens of time to Beijing from 2004 through June 2006. Rooms are comfortable (love that TV in the bathroom), location is fantastic (don;t need to take a cab to go to restaurant /shopping/ foot massage). Personnel is very attentive, concierge desk is very efficient and helpful.	
Jul 23 2006	Great Hotel - So-So Service	Stayed for seven days. Liked the room. Service on the Club level was fantastic. The entire staff was friendly and helpful during our morning breakfast and afternoon cocktails. They serve a very good &quot;free&quot; breakfast and evening buffet. The staff made us feel like honored guests day after day. I cannot say the same for the front desk and conciege. They acted as if we were a big bother. We actually were afraid to talk to the conciege after being talked down to and given one or two word answers to our questions. We were very lucky to find a local guide to give us recommendations - the conciege at this hotel was worthless. Front desk and money change desk were hard pressed to even say hello. Seemed like they just wanted to get you in and out. No smiles. Management needs to spend a day at the Peninsula Manila or Peninsula Chicago to understand what customer service is all about.	
Jul 18 2006	Good Hotel - Do not trust the Cocierge Recommendations	A great hotel - rooms, restauarants (especially Jing), ambience, and perfectly located to explore Beijing.Just one warning - do not trust the advice and recommendations of the Concierges. We booked an expensive city tour. The guide was excellent but she had been asked not to tell us beforehand that many of the sites were undergoing renovation and would be closed (improvements for the 2008 Olympics). We also asked for advice to get to one of the large Carrefour supermarkets and were directed to a very poor, older, smaller supermarket than the one requested. Restaurant recommendations? Not very experienced and it was as if they received a commission on recommending certain establishments.The Jing Restaurant was always very good .... especially the buffet.Beware of ordering certain items in the restaurants and cafes - a bottle of Evian cost GBP 8 so order the local mineral water. The tea and beer were very reasonable.A great hotel to stay in but .....	
Jul 16 2006	NIce location and excelent conciege service	We stay in the hotel for 5 nights. The room was big enough to accommodate the 3 of us.As I made reservations by e-mail before, they wait for us at the airport with cool water and a Mercedes. They bring us to the hotel, and we went directly to the room (no check-in was necessary).A week before I communicate with the concierge by e-mail asking for suggestions, and asking for travel arrangements. When we arrived they have already book everything we want (private tours, shows, and restaurants). Everything works fine, and we are very happy with this and all other services of the hotel.On the top of all, the hotel is very well located, the breakfast is excellent, and has a very kind staff.For those that have never being in China before, and do not want to be part of an excursion it is a very good and safety option. I will do it again if it is necessary.	
Jul 8 2006	Executive Floor makes it best in China	We booked three rooms on the Executive level and received the best in service. One of the rooms did not have potable water, but we could call for as much bottled water as desired. The Club Lounge had an excellent breakfast buffet, superb afternoon tea snacks, and superb bar snacks and foods with drinks at happy hour. Our family loved the fitness center with the individual tvs, headphones, bottled water, and provided cool moist washcloths midway through the workout. Superb hotel laundry service. The location was superb for proximity to a pedestrian shopping street and a night market. Also close to a night food market.	
Jun 25 2006	Nothing Outstanding	Stayed at the Peninsula Palace for three nights towards the end of May. The room was standard size with a king-sized bed. The bed was a bit hard - especially given that most luxury hotels these days provide very comfortable beds. There is a big plasma tv in the room and another small one in the bathroom. I did not have the same problem as the other reviewer with regards to yellow water and leaking shower stall. Location of the hotel is very good - as it is close to many of the sights and a major shopping mall. What surprised me was the level of service at the hotel. I flew to Beijing from Shanghai where I stayed at the JW Marriott and I noticed the big difference in the level and consistency of service. At the Peninsula, they have excellent and knowledgable staff at the concierge, but the front desk staff was not too pleasant -- same with some of the page boys and door men, who are a bit aloof. There was even an occassion wherein the housekeeping staff left their wipe cloth in the room. Otherwise, service at the business centre and at the Jing restaurant was excellent.	
Jun 23 2006	It's better when you get inside!	The Peninsula Palace looks terrible from the outside, and the trip from the airport (by taxi) will leave you wishing that you'd never come to Beijing, but once inside it's a different matter.We arrived - nerves frazzled after the 100mph dash from the airport - in a far from relaxed state and as soon as we stepped out of the cab our bags were whisked away, we were taken up to the executive lounge and offered a beer. Good start!The concierge in the executive lounge couldn't have been more helpful, providing us with maps and information, and taking us personally to our room.Unfortunately, despite reserving a non-smoking room, the first room we were given smelt badly of smoke. No problem! We were given a choice of two other rooms and our bags were moved without any fuss or trouble.The rooms aren't overly opulent or fancy, and the views aren't good, but they're very clean, modern and comfortable.Location wise, the hotel is perfect for tourists. It literally is a 15 minute walk from the eastern edge of the Forbidden City (to the person who said in a previous post, &quot;don't believe the &quot;15-20 minute&quot; distance from the Forbidden Palace/Tiananmen Square you hear&quot; - I think you must have got lost - you go out of the hotel, turn left and walk in a straight line for 15 minutes!!!). It's 2 mins from the main shopping street (which is good to look at but not great for shopping) and right across the road from the most amazing foot massage place we've ever experienced (amazing after a day trekking round the city).We were going to go on a trip to the Great Wall arranged by a youth hostel but it was too much hassle, so we asked the concierge to organise a car to take us to Jinshanling and pick us up at Simatai. They also provided us with a great lunch. This was not cheap, but it was worth the money for the experience.Overall - a good hotel in a good location and perfect if you're only in Beijing for a short time to &quot;see the sights&quot;.	
May 25 2006	Good Hotel	In the past I have only stayed at the Peninsual's in Bangkok (possibly the world's best hotel) and the Hong Kong Pen (an institution) so we were expecting an equally grand hotel. We arrived late and their car met us at the airport. All very standard stuff for most of Asia. Arriving at the hotel we had booed into the club floor.They take you directly to your room. A disappointment, to say the least. Tiny rooms and even smaller bathrooms in comparison with their other Asia hotels. So we had them locate another room, and negotited a small extra amount to pay. Much better. At least we could unpack and move around without too much problem. And a bigger bathroom too. The club floor had a pretty good breakfast. They will go out of their way and make you eggs to your choosing if you ask them nicely. The staff were all very helpful. They put on a snack and cakes in the afternoon. Chocolates after dinner, so it's not a bad place to retire to before bed. Free internet service as well. The restaurant is excellent and the breakfast there is huge. One day we hired a car and driver to take us to the Great Wall. The restaurant maitre d' ( a delightful ladt with an excellent command of english) assisted us in haveing a picnic lunch packed., We chose food from the cold food buffet the night before in containers she provided and kept them in the kitchen fridge. The next morning they packed it in a small ice chest and provided us with linen and plates and cutlery so we could enjoy the meal. At the Great Wall our driver took us to a gift shop at the bottom and waited with the food while we spent a few hours on the Wall. We then ate at one of their tables. This was much nicer than the restaurants we passed on the way.The hotel is located close tt Tiamen Square and the Forbidden City (about 25 minutes walk) and next to a huge car free mall. We enjoyed the hotel. Excellent staff. Super Chinese restaurant in it too.	
May 24 2006	Very good hotel but spotty service	My partner and I stayed at the Beijing Peninsula Palace hotel in mid-January and would recommend it to others who seek acceptable luxury in Beijing.ROOMOur room was a deluxe room, but take note that not all deluxe room are created equal. Our first room was much smaller and did not have a TV in the bathroom. We complained and were given a larger room in the same category on a higher floor. This room had a separate &quot;office&quot; area tucked into a corner of the room. It had a silent fax machine, broadband access and the usual Peninsula technologies. The bed itself was not to hard, and it was prepared for us nightly. I'm not sure however that they changed the sheets every day. BATHROOMThe bathroom didn't have a separate shower cubicle. Our bath's sliding glass door leaked quite a lot of water and the water pressure while adequate, wasn't that strong. Oh, and do remember to let the water run from all the faucets for five minutes. China being a Third World country, doesn't have good piping so the water is yellow. They do have a separate faucet which dispenses potable (clear) water.FACILITIESThe hotel itself was quite luxurious on the exterior. We used the pool area, the sauna and the gym - All were top class. We dined at Huang Hing restaurant (very good) and had daily buffet breakfast at Jing (also very good in quality and choice). SERVICEMy only main gripe is that the service of the hotel was spotty! We arrived late in the evening and while the staff were attentive, their tone was rude at times. The front desk lady actually said, &quot;OK, that's it! You can go!&quot; when she gave us our key - I was hoping that the management could have trained their staff to avoid the famous Chinese &quot;no-nonsense&quot; (i.e. rude by Western standards) mannerisms and word choice. The service in Jing was also spotty - We asked for Jasmine tea every day and it was either late in arriving, or was forgotten altogether. In terms of cleanliness, we noticed a lot of fingerprints on the mirrors and table tops throughout the hotel. Again, this is a minor issue but unacceptable in this type of hotel category.SURROUNDINGSFinally, as for the surroundings of the hotel, don't believe the &quot;15-20 minute&quot; distance from the Forbidden Palace/Tiananmen Square you hear. My partner and I are avid walkers and it took us a good 35 minutes to get to those mentioned locations. The hotel itself is in a nice shopping area however, and the CONCLUSIONOverall, this is a very good hotel. Perhaps, as an expat residing in ultra-high service and ultra-polite Japan, I'm more aware of the small service details. As such, don't expect the exact same type of service you're used to from back home. I'm sure that in time, the level of service will improve once China develops further.	
May 15 2006	Beautiful Hotel! Too bad our new Levi's were stolen from it!	We were pleasantly surprised that we were staying in the nicest and most beautiful Hotel in Beijing. Clean, wonderful breakfast buffet, good service, robe and slippers provided. The only thing negative we went home with, was the realization that levi jeans must be very valuable because my husbands were taken from the room. He left them folded on the entertainment stand and they were gone when we returned. Otherwise, we loved the Hotel.	
May 8 2006	Very nice place to stay	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The staff was very pleasant and always eager to accomodate. The hotel was very well maintained. The food was excellent. It was nicer than most places I have stayed in New York- and the people were a whole lot friendlier. I would definitely go back	
May 6 2006	A bit of an enigma	In many ways this hotel is superb: the facilities are terrific e.g. a very fine gym and nice indoor pool. Rooms have excellent plasma TVs and fine showers. The &quot;club floor&quot; lounge is very welcoming, doing breakfast but also afternoon tea and complementary drinks in the early evening. Service was excellent throughout in my experience, helpful and freindly. Oddly, the breakfast was patchy, with eggs cooked to order, but cold baked beans, tea that was also sometimes cold, and some very ordinary dim sum indeed. At peak times, there was a long line for breakfast; we waited 20 minutes one day to get into the dining room (which is one level below the lobby). However the main problem was the beds, which had rock-hard matresses. According to my physician wife, it is a myth that hard beds are good for your back, and these were the hardest I can recall in all my travels. Overall, very good, but if you have any trouble with hard beds, look elsewhere.	
May 2 2006	Heaven in Beijing	The moment we arrived we were wisked away to our upgraded duplex suite. It was a stunning room with magnificent lighting. We were greeted with beautiful fresh fruit and a display of cookies and chocolate. The service was perfect. The concierge arranged every detail of our 5 night stay from front row opera tickets to a window table at the Courtyard restaurant.We took the hotel transfer service to the airport which included a personal escort to our ticket counter. Since we were not traveling with a tour the personal service we received during our entire stay made our trip to Beijing memorable. I wouldn't hesitate staying at the elegant Peninsula again... I would look forward to it.	
May 2 2006	very good	Stayed for 4 nights in March, great limo service which picks up from the airport if you pre book it £60 each way. The hotel is very chic, the foyer is amazing, surrounded by many designer shops, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Dior, Prada, Tiffanys and many more. The prices of the restaurants were steep by Beijing standards. But if you don't mind the prices then the quality of the restaurants is very good, particularly the Cantonese restaurant.The hotel is very well located, a 5 minute walk to the shops but a good 15 mins to the Square and Forbidden City. I suggest getting cabs as they are very very cheap, get the concierge desk to sort them out for you, they are very helpful.We got the hotel to organise a trip to the Great Wall and Qing Tomb for us with a Red Star car. It was very good, get a packed lunch from the hotel to take with you. The standard room was very nice, plasma screen, all fittings new and shiny. Wasn't the biggest room I have ever stayed in but more than big enough. The bed was one of the best I have ever slept in and the sheets were lovely and soft.I would recommend the hotel to anyone going to Beijing, not the cheapest but certainly very good quality, chic, reliable and central. Beijing itself is worth a visit, especially the Great Wall, an experience i will never forget. The Silk Market is the place to go for bargain shopping, once you get used the hassle from each stall holder you realise that its just their sales pitch and isn't meant to feel as intimidating as it does at first. Some fantastic bargains to be had, my girlfriend said she would go back to Beijing just for that market!	
Apr 23 2006 	Ok But Will Go Elsewhere When Next in Beijing	I had heard raving reviews of the Peninsula Hotel Beijing, but I was disappointed. For US $300, I did not think this belongs in the 5 Star category. There is nothing special about the lobby, although the hotel is located in a mall with all the shopping of brand names on Rodeo Drive or 5th Avenue. The location was what bothered me. My wife and I walked several blocks in all directions, but there was nothing interesting to see, even along the nearby pedestrian street. The dining room is in the basement, but although pleasant, it lacked natural sunlight. Food was plentiful and good for breakfast and dinner. The room was of appropriate size and had a plasma tv, and was well decorated. Internet connection was superb, and free. Lots of Westerners stayed at the hotel too. This was my 3rd trip to Beijing, and I will choose another hotel next time.	
Mar 6 2006	Good but a few mis-steps.	Stayed there eight days in February. Overall experience was fine, with the exception of a few service hiccups. Rooms are more than adequate; the breakfast buffet is terrific, especially the Asian side; and the restaurant, while pricey, is quite good. Location is terrific. Generally, service is fine, but sometimes spotty at the concierge desk. Asked them to make reservations for Peking Opera one night, and they told me they would. Got to the opera, none had been made. Raised the issue when I returned, was told they would look into it and get back to me. No one did. When we reserved, we received a questionnaire asking our preference in newspaper, we never got one. Asked whether we would like comforter or blanket, we said blanket, got a comforter. Quite fine hotel, but doesn't quite live up to the promise of the Rolls Royce out front. Given the language barrier, it lhelps to be very specific.	
Mar 1 2006	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I stayed 5 nights departing 2/28. Overall this is a wonderful hotel. The buffet breakfast is outstanding. Service was above average. Free internet service is provided in each room, both wifi and wired (connect speed sometimes is slow). Gym is very nice.The only negatives, which I do not consider serious were that the outside look of the hotel is nothing to write home about, and the room was a little small. Location is good, about a 15 minute walk to Tianamen Square. Many restuarants in the area. Pedestrian shopping street is a 5 minute walk.	
Feb 26 2006	Great ammenities!	Just came back from an eventful trip to Beijing with my family. I must say that our vacation was enhanced by choosing the Peninsula. After exciting and often tiring days sightseeing with children, it was refreshing to return to 5 star accomadations. However, I don't believe that the service was always 5 star. I don't feel that it was for lack of trying but more of not knowing. Beijing is still growing as an international city and I believe that the more exposure they have in the service industry, the more they will be acccustomed to the needs of the travellers..	
Feb 25 2006	What a great experience!	I stayed at this property Feb. 8 - 14, 2006. Couldn't have been more pleased with the room, great shower in the bathroom, service, location and overall experience. The breakfast buffet served at Jing each morning was something to look forward too. I also enjoyed the best massage I've ever had at the Peninsula spa. First rate! Also check out the small, very good restaurant right across the street.	
Jan 16 2006 	This is a quite overrated Hotel	Having stayed at this hotel twice on my trip, i think this is a overated hotel. Probably one of the best in Beijing, not in this world.The room is simply Too Small. At an average of 31 metres, if you have more than one big suitcase, it is hard to put down two at the sametime. There is lots of details in the room ( like big TV etc). The Bath room is Tiny, compared to the Peninsula Bangkok.Since their Tub&amp;Shower is in one place, my shower cracked the first time i used. I switched to China World Hotel on my third night stay there. Room at China World Hotel is much more spacious, a bit more expensive of than that of Peninsula BJ, but worth it.The location of the hotel is excellent, restauant at ground Fl is good.	
Jan 11 2006	5 star luxury	For luxurious attention to detail this has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in!The rooms are elegant - oh so comfy bed, Egyptian cotton sheets and lots of pillows. A beautiful limestone bathroom that even had an adjustable plasma screen tv you could watch in the bath.Room service was excellent as was the food in the restaurants. Staff very helpful. Taxis sometimes a little difficult to get hold of as they don't have a taxi rank on site.Word of advice - some American and European visitors might find the many porters ringing on the door - offering ice, chocolates for your pillow etc - a little annoying just remember to light up your 'do not disturb'on the control panel if you want to be left alone.	
Jan 2 2006	Wonderful Experience	This hotel was amazing - we stayed for 3 nights. The room was elegant yet comfortable. We paid a little more for the club level, but it was well worth it. Also, the hotel's spa was small, but we each had relaxing and affordable massages, which were nice after a long day of travel. Don't hesitate to stay here.	
Dec 5 2005	A Comfortable Elegant Home Base While Staying in Beijing	My husband and I stayed at the Peninsula for 4 wonderful nights. We read so many wonderful reviews about the hotel and couldn't wait to experience the hotel for ourselves; we were not disappointed at all!We loved the comfortable bed and oversized towels. It was such a treat to return back from a long day of sightseeing and have our bed turned down with ornemental pillows carefully slipped in their cases, slippers on each side of the bed, bottled water at the bedside, and soft music playing. The breakfasts at Jing restaurant were wonderful complete with a vast array of fruit, pastries, breakfast meats and they will cook your eggs to order.Service was outstanding and this hotel definately deserves the 5 star rating.	
Dec 3 2005	One of the top hotels in China	I stayed at the Peninsula Palace earlier this year and it was great although service could be better.Location: I always thought it is adjacent to Wangfujing from the maps, but in reality you have to walk few minutes to reach it, and yet another few minutes to reach Oriental Plaza. From this point, the Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City is another 5-10 minutes walk. If location is paramount, the Grand Hyatt is better as it sits atop Oriental Plaza. The China World is also conveniently located atop World Trade Center with great shopping Center (and ice skating rink).Lobby: Opulent and grand with dramatic atrium and white carrara grand staircase leading to either business centre &amp; ballroom upstairs or the impressive collection of luxury boutiques and restaurants downstair.Service: Check in was swift, where I was escorted right up to my room, which is quite personal considering the size of the hotel (500 plus rooms). Concierge, however, was a bit of let down. I requested a simple task to re-confirm my airline ticket to Jakarta but they could not find the phone number / location of the airline’s office in Beijing. They made several attempts to call the Hong Kong and Shanghai office, but I was told to wait. I even asked them to check the net for the address, but still no result The next day, I followed it up but still yet to be confirmed. At the end, I went up to the business Center and rent it's 15 minutes internet for 30RMB and found the phone details myself, give it to the concierge and straight away got it confirmed.You can rent DVD for free from a list of options. Mine took more than half an hour and a few calls to get it delivered.Rooms: There are no impressive views from the hotel. The Deluxe rooms (31 sq.m) are located on the sides (possibly could have distant view to the forbidden City from top floors). The Grand Deluxe rooms (34sq.m) face either the main entrance or the indoor pool on the podium with distant view towards Chang An avenue. Opt for Grand Deluxe rooms as they have larger bathroom with separate shower and bath and TV.Rooms are not as large (e.g Grand Hyatt Shanghai 40m2, Island Shangri-La HK 44m2, Ritz Carlton Singapore 50m2), but they are superbly furnished. Teak wood with rugs, mood lighting, comfortable sofas, plasma tv, personal fax machine, DVD players with some music CDs selection and great control panel by the bed.Bath: Grand Deluxe bathrooms are large, with small TV by the vanity and control panels by the tub. Bath amenities are not great, nor are they designer brand as with other top hotels. Restaurant: My rates include a buffet breakfast at Jing, which is located at the basement. Although it has no view / street frontage, it is still feel very cozy. The design is great especially the private rooms. The breakfast food is allright, but not superb: quantity is not great but has good quality.Facilities: Check out the 50 luxury boutiques (from LV, Gucci, Prada, Tiffany) which can be handy for shopaholics. The pool was closed at that time, but should be nice with glass skylight when open.Rates: When booking the hotel, should check out directly to the hotel's website as sometimes they have good bargain with rates down to USD 160, incl. bfast (rack rates are USD 340).	
Nov 29 2005 	Great Stay at the Peninsula Palace	I just returned from a six night stay at the Peninsula Palace Hotel in Beijing. The hotel is nicely located, a few blocks away from the Wangfujing shopping district and a 20-30 minute walk from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.The hotel has excellent facilities including a pool / fitness center, a shopping mall in the basement, good room service, and a spectacular restaurant – Huang Ting. I stayed at this hotel for business and had a grand deluxe room on the club level. The club level rooms are about $50/night more expensive than the regular rooms but they include free breakfast, afternoon tea / desserts, and evening snacks in the 13th floor club lounge. Drinks, Internet access, and clothes pressing are also free and, in my opinion, round out a worthwhile upgrade from the regular rooms. My biggest gripe with the club level is the lack of authentic Chinese food and snacks – almost everything provided was too Americanized.The best feature of the hotel is probably the rooms with all their extravagant gadgets and amenities including a flat panel TV in both the bedroom and the bathroom, and a control panel next to the bed that controls everything from the TV and radio to the temperature and mood lighting. The control panel seems to have a motion detector built in so the lights on the display turn on as you move your hand closer…neat.If you don’t speak Chinese it is useful to have a card to hand to taxi drivers that identifies your destination in Chinese characters. The concierge at the Peninsula Palace has some of these with popular destinations printed on them. Interestingly, the cards don’t include the airport as a popular destination (the one place almost every visitor would need to go eventually!). My theory is that this is because the hotel is more than happy to arrange one of their comfortable but pricey limos for this service. Even if you do take a taxi, the doorman knows to call the more expensive 2.00 yuan/km rides over the standard 1.60 yuan/km ones…very clever. A few tips from my stay:1. Single men should be prepared to be approached about 50 times between the hotel and the Forbidden city by young women pretending to study English or just looking for “fun;”2. Do visit the weekend market to buy some quality arts and crafts at low prices;3. Don’t wear shorts regardless of the weather – it is bad form – I can count on one hand the number of people I saw wearing shorts in Beijing over a one week period (all misinformed tourists); and4. Don’t buy things from government-run Friendship stores or jade/jewelry factories included in itineraries to the Great Wall unless you enjoy paying 10X too much for merchandise. Even the trips organized by the Peninsula Palace include these annoying stops.Overall, I would certainly consider staying here again, but next time I might try the Grand Hyatt just to sample some of Beijing’s other hotels. The Grand Hyatt looks very nice and is located at Oriental Plaza, slightly closer to the Forbidden City and the subway.	
Nov 25 2005	Above Average Hotel	Stayed for three nights in June 2005. Slightly overrated. While the rooms were clean and modern (plasma t.v., purified water in the bathroom), they are very small. Hotel guests are mostly white Americans, not that that is a bad thing but being in the hotel, you would never know you were in China (except for the staff). Great location, excellent service, clean/modern facilities, good Western-style restuarant for buffet breakfast, luxury shopping within the hotel.	
Nov 24 2005	Fantastic hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my family for a few nights in September 2005. We were upgraded so we got fabulous rooms that were really spacious with plasma screens including one in the bathroom. I liked the way every night when I came back from a tough days sightseeing there was classical music playing in the room. The food was fantastic there, especially the breakfasts. Ate in both restaurants there and can recommend the Hua Ting, try the duck pancakes, but beware you get a lot of duck!The locatin was perfect, you could just stroll down to wangfujing for shopping. I would definitely stay there again if i was in Beijing.	
Nov 12 2005 	Surrounding Areas less than to be desired	What do you do if your husband gets a major chronic back pain, which leaves him bedridden for 2 full days, whereupon he asks me, his wife, for one of those &quot;Tibetan Pads&quot; to stick on his back?Of course I go get it, after I had a nice lunch on the LL1 floor of Jing Restaurant with one of my best friends...So I ask Marie, the concierge, where she can get me Chinese medicine pads and she gladly pointed out a Pharmacy, which is about a brisk 14 minute walk to get to. After checking on the cell phone with my ailing husband, I knew I got the right pads in a shop filled with all kinds of boxes of medicines. Tonight I pack to check out of the Peninsula Palace in Beijing tomorrow morning. I note how amazing this hotel's service has been: the room service, the house keeping, the waiting staff at the restaurants. (Hua Ting, on LL 2 is very good Chinese fare. Order cold appetizer/salads. )Then I go through my receipts to find the pharmacy overcharged me by 13 more pads! Unbelievable! I hear Wang Fu Jing is a cheating neighborhood for tourists, but this is just too much! WATCH YOURSELF IN THIS AREA! (If you won't buy anything, then don't worry so much. This is a great hotel. The lobby's upscale mall has decent window dressing compared to others in Beijing.)	
Nov 11 2005 	Believe the hype about this one!	My weeklong stay at the Peninsula Palace was fantastic from start to finish. They sent a questionnaire beforehand asking about bed, refreshment, and newspaper preferences, so when I got there my room had the requested amenities. The location is fantastic, close to shopping, two subway stops, the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square. The room was superb, luxury linens and towels, a bedside control for literally everything in the room, including a 42 inch flat screen TV. It was very quiet, a nice respite from the hectic traffic (and unbelievably polluted air) outside.Compared to many four star hotels in the city, this property is pretty expensive, but less than the Hyatt and the St. Regis. I opted for the club floor for an extra $30 a night. I guess it was worth it, because the onsite restaurants were quite pricey (but it was nice that room service cost the same price for a selection of the same dishes). The selection at breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening cocktails was rather limited. But there is a nice lounge with internet access and free beverages all day.I would definitely stay at this property again!	
Oct 28 2005	Excellent	First class hotel 10 minutes walk from Forbidden City and five minutes from main pedestrian shopping street. Decent size room, with 2 plasma TV's (one in bathroom). No views worth mentioning. Fine service overall. Concierge will book Great Wall and other tours (not cheap). Our Great Wall-Ming Tombs guide spoke excellent English. Terrific breakfast buffet included in room price. Would highly recommend this hotel. Fairly priced.	
Oct 28 2005	Worth the money!	A treat at a true 5 star hotel. We noticed the difference the moment upon arrival. A representative escorted us to the front desk including an offer to carry my business case. Then the front desk staff who checked us in personally took us to our room and explain how every ammentiity works in the room. The hotel also make every effort to accomodate our special requests. Room is very contemporary with marble tiles and hard wood floor and a large plasma TV including state of the art electronic control on all electrical appliances. Central air is efficient and quiet which is uncommon. One feature that one would appreciate in China is that it come with filtered water at the sink rather than just bottled water. Hotel location is great. The Jing Restaurant was great for breakfast. All staff are friendly and helpful leaving you with a personal touch . We used the business center for internet bottled water was provided while we surf. Upon checked out when a private car was waiting to take us to the airport, the hotel manager would personal come over and inform us personally and ensure even our our departure exxperience was a pleasant one.	
Oct 22 2005 	Great location beautiful rooms excellent service	As a travel agent, I stay in many hotels each year. The Peninsula Palace is one of the best. The group I brought to China loved this hotel. The location is excellent for shopping and sightseeing, right in the center of the city. Be careful of luxury hotels (or any hotels) in Beijing. The city is huge and the traffic awful. You can stay at a great hotel in the city that is half an hour or more from the Forbidden City. Our room was beautifully furnished and quite soothing. Room amenities were amongst the best I have ever encountered. Make sure you get the turn-down service - it makes going to bed a special experience. A hotel such as this in New York or London would cost twice the price. Go to China and take advantage of fabulous hotels at remarkable rates.	
Oct 19 2005	Great spot for 5 star luxury in Beijing	This was our 2nd stay at Peninsula Palace and it remains a favorite. We were in a Duplex Suite on the 14th floor. It was FABULOUS. Huge, 2 story suite. Ground floor had half bath, living &amp; dining area, flat screen TV. Hit a button and the drapes open/close on the 2 story windows. Stairs to 2nd floor loft style space. Huge desk &amp; work area, large bed, another flat screen and loads of storage space for clothes, etc. Bathroom was big with 2 sink areas and yet another TV in the wall at the end of the tub.Service was excellent. Shoes shined &amp; returned almost instantly. Room service was quick &amp; good. Duplex Suites are on Club Room Floor and the Club Lounge (on 13th Floor) was lovely. Easy service in checking in/out and huge breakfast, afternoon snack &amp; evening cocktail spreads. Very comfortable. Only complaint would be that they only had 1 computer to use for internet, etc. and it was busy a lot (However, there was a business center on 2nd floor). Location is excelllent. Walk out the door, down the street and you are on a huge pedestrian street filled with shopping. In the evenings, there's a great food stall market...go to see the crickets/silkworms, etc. on a stick! Easy 20 minute walk to Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City. If you're looking for luxury...we thought Peninsula Palace was far better for the price than St. Regis.	
Sep 27 2005	REALLY GREAT PLACE TO STAY	We stayed on the exec floor (13th) and got a reasonable rate through a club. You will pay more for this hotel, but the location and staff are both excellent. No need to take hotel taxis, especially to airport, as Beijing Taxis are cheap and effificient. Many many things within walking distance of hotel. Do check out the breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour on the executive floor. We never ordered room service given these options for free;)	
Sep 4 2005 	Nice hotel but not GRAND	I stayed there 5 nights and enjoyed my stay. But it was not what I would call an exciting 4 or 5 star hotel. There were several problems and the hotel staff only corrected the problem and did nothing extra. When I arrived, I was escorted to my room which was great because the door lock was broken. I was told they would fix the door and told it was take half a day and come back. I was offered nothing in return. I then told them to give me another room but everything was sold out. I was told a better room was available the next day, so I booked it and I paid the higher price. The second room had a much larger and nicer bathroom, but not to the level of other top 5 star hotels. The first room looked very basic. The lobby is nothing to get excited about. The entrance to the hotel is nothing to get excited about. But, in the lobby and 2 floors below the lobby is a mini shopping mall with every major luxury brand store. And these stores are not the usual hotel mini version, the are full size. That was surprising since they seemed to be empty everytime I walked by. Over all I enjoyed my stay. Both rooms were on opposites sides of the building, so I got to see the main road view and the pool side view. Neither are what I would call impressive. So don't go there for the views! The hotel staff were nice. When I came back late on my second day to move to my new room, a staff attendant noticed me enter the lobby and immediately told me my new room was ready. That was impressive. I guess she waited there all day? The location is great. I was not so impressed to stay there automatically on my next trip. I booked this hotel because I saw it was rated #1 by internet users. But I would say it's a nice hotel, but not GRAND. I walked to the Hyatt and that hotel looked impressive from the &quot;outside&quot;. So I will probably try there next time.	
Aug 26 2005	Hotel of Supreme Harmony	My husband and I stayed for 8 nights in this superb hotel. We had booked a Duplex suite but were upgraded to the Beijing suite when we arrived. I had been in contact with the hotel before our arrival to ensure our booking had been received and to tell them about our anniversary which was to take place whilst we were there. This appeared to be a good move as the lady I had communicated with acted as a personal concierge whilst we were there and we received a complimentary bottle of champagne on our anniversary, (this may also have been because we were staying in a suite of course).The hotel is very grand. It is spotlessly clean and has an impressive lobby area complete with sweeping staircase and a fine array of designer shops. The receptionists are helpful and courteous and we did not have to wait long for attention even at busy times.Our suite was beautiful. It consisted of lounge, dining area, office area, bedroom, bathroom with his and hers sinks, and a separate toilet. There was a plasma screen in the lounge and in the bedroom, and the bath had a LCD TV at the foot which was fully controllable via easily-reachable buttons at the side of the bath. There were far more channels available than I had been told to expect, e.g. BBC World News and three film channels. The air conditioning was excellent and the complimentary toiletries were of good quality. The minibar, was well stocked; a beer was about 35 RMB (which is about £2.20) which is not the end of the world. I particularly liked the 'mood lighting' available, very romantic! The hotel has its own restaurants, which is handy as China is quite a difficult place if you don't speak Chinese and don't particularly wish to sample the locals' food. The Jinn restaurant is where breakfast is served and we found it to be of superb quality. You could literally have anything you wanted - cereals, full English, omelettes, pancakes, fresh fruit or Chinese. At busy times, 8am to 9am, it gets very busy and you may have to wait for a table but it is not too painful and everyone is very courteous. In the evening the Jinn restaurant serves 'Fusion' food which, to my mind, means Western-style Chinese food that isn't very Chinese at all. Try the duck pancakes, oh try them please!!! My mouth still waters at the very thought. The other restaurant we visited in the hotel was the Hong Qiou which serves more traditional Chinese food; you can even have Shark's fin if you want to pay the ridiculous price! We went for the safe option and had sweet and sour pork, duck, beef with mushrooms, noodles etc. This too was fabulous and honestly not very expensive. A word of advice...if you order tea don't order water as well. We made this mistake without realising that they will keep topping up the tea indefinitely and so we ended up with tea, water and beer!If you have had a tiring day the other option is room service. We had this a couple of times and were never dissappointed. If you are missing your burger and don't like McDonalds after watching 'Supersize me' (I still can't get the non-decaying fries out of my mind), then room service does the most delicious burger ever...mmmmmm burger. Just make sure that you remember that all prices are subject to a 15% Service charge which we still can't work out, particularly when they then leave a space on the bill for 'tip'.As part of our package we had access to the club lounge. We found this area invaluable. You can have breakfast here but it is far more limited than the Jinn restaurant. In the afternoon they serve the most delicious scones with cream and jam and other fancy little sweet things, so vital for the ladies after a long morning haggling in the market! In the evening they have a small buffet of meats, cheese and tacos. You can also help yourself to alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. We found the club really great before and after having a meal in the hotel. We had drinks in the Lobby bar on our anniversary and gulped at the bill when we could have had complimentary drinks in the club!The location of this hotel is ideal. It is right by the Wangfujing shopping precinct and either a walk or a very short and cheap (70p) taxi ride to the Forbidden City and Tianeman Square. Taxis are extremely easy to get right outside the hotel lobby and are cheap and reliable. The hotel organised a Hutong tour for us and a hotel taxi to the Summer Palace and Great Wall. Although far more expensive than if you organise it yourself I suspect it was well worth the extra money, our taxi driver actually showed us around the Summer Palace like our own personal guide.All in all an amazing experience that I would love everyone to share.	
Aug 21 2005	The best hotel i have ever stayed	Best facilities, best services, best value. We will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 2 2005	Wow absolutely amazing am so impressed!	I can tell you I was so looking forward to staying here after looking at their website and the comments left here. Can I assure everyone out there that this hotel is brilliant! They really think of everything, and once you step out of the taxi pulling up at the hotel you really dont need to worry about anything at all.I was in a Deluxe Room registered with the CLub Lounge so I had access to free food and drinks all day and they have a great afternoon tea bit between 3-5pm where they serve the most delicious chocolate cakes and pastries, everything complimentary, inc internet usage. I would well recommend it!Breakfast was very good too with a really wide selection, inc smoked salmon, parma ham, a full english and American breakfast and asian dimsum too with teriyaki fish, mmmmmmmm.Now one of the best bits was how modern the room was itself. Its a reasonable size with 2 double beds, and a massive plasma screen in it and also a smaller one in the bathroom where you can watch dvds/tv in the bath, which I did, how pampered was I! Plus they have all these controls by the bed so you really dont have to move! They have around 100 dvds you can choose from but th annoying thing is alot of them are hired out and you dont have to return them until you check out, so ended up watching some knockoff dvds I bought in a subway which also worked fine.If you want your room made up you press a button 'make up my room' and then a maid comes from housekeeping in literally a couple of minutes. My only gripe is that when it came to getting a taxi back to the airport they called a rather expensive black one and not a normal taxi, and this one didnt have a meter in it and charged us 120 yuan whereas to get to beijing from the airport only cost me 70 yuan in a metered taxi! so next time before you hop in, check its got a meter!Otherwise I cannot recommed this hotel enough. Its location is fab too, its about 5 min walk from Wangfujing st, just go out of the hotel and turn left and walk 5 mins and Wangfujing is on your left.	
Jul 18 2005	The best I've ever stayed	staff, service, facilities... A wonderful place to stay and rest. Do not hesitate, it's worth the money...	
Jul 12 2005	Wonderful respite at a decent price	Stayed here for a night of luxury after a month of backpacking - for a promotional rate of only $145! The DVD selection and the plasma TVs were a nice touch, and the staff is very helpful. I do have to agree with the previous comment about the taxi hotel service - you're better off catching one on the street on your own.	
Jul 11 2005	The Beiing Peninsula er...Palace	I've got to concur with a previous review that while the Beijing Pen is pretty good-it does pale in comparison with its namesake in Hongkong or Manila. I was so ready to be wowed at first glance; I suppose my expectations were over-reaching upon arrival. For starters, it is not an easy walk to the Forbidden City--it's a good 25 minute romp. Nevertheless, the front desk was most accomodating, giving me a choice for another room when I requested for one with a better view. Some literature might lead you to believe you'll get one with a view of the Forbidden City--most doubtful as the hotel is around the bend.The plasma tv's were excellent and the dvd/cd players were thoughtfully bedecked with 2 cd's, one jazz the other chinese classical--I thought these were excellent ideas. And as for the bathroom with flat screen tv's...now you'll really stay in the tub for hours.As for the food--Huang Ting was good and quite beautiful. Jing for breakfast was alright...a bit jammed with people, all lined up along the egg station...nothing gets the caucasian crowd rousing and bitchin like making them wait for their eggs. Jing for dinner, with all due respect to the Conde Nast list--was a bit of a disappointment.Still, everything else in this hotel is mighty spiffy--from the front desk, to the lovely shopping halls, to the gym, swimming pools and steam rooms...the Beijing Peninsula is excellent...I'm just not sure if it's really deserves to be called a PALACE. PS: Make sure you check out the Wangfujin map they unwittingly hide in the desk--outlining all the little pocket pleasures you'll find in the neighborhood.	
Jun 27 2005	Excellent Hotel Stay	Excellent hotel. Service was great. From the time of check-in we were whisked to the club level where we were served drinks &amp; snacks while they processed our check-in. Anything we asked was done promptly. They try to meet your every need. The entire staff was extremely friendly. I was impressed how ell they spoke English. Workout facilities &amp; pool were very nice.I thought the Huang Ting restaurant was outstanding. Many peolple rave about Jing, but our meal there was only so-so. The only negative thing was the hotel taxi service. It was considerably more expensive than the regulat taxi. Having said that its a small negative.My family is still talking about our hotel stay there. We think this is the PLACE TO STAY in Beijing.	
Jun 15 2005	Great Hotel!	The staff at this Hotel are very nice and always willing to help. The buffet is to die for. It was so nice to come back to after a busy day of site seeing!	
Jun 2 2005	This Ain't the JW Shanghai...	This is a solid hotel. Whether it is up there with the cream of the crop in the 5 star family of luxury/premier hotels is debatable - think the flagship Peninsula HK, the Ritz Carlton, JW Marriott and Grand Hyatt in Shanghai, the Oriental &amp; Regent in Bangkok. I am not thinking the Peninsula Palace Beijing.My comments are minor 1s but when the barometer of comparision is set by such outstanding properties as those noted above, they are noticeable. Staff to guest ratio was good but nothing out of the ordinary, always had to wait for cabs, the concierges seemed overwhelmed at times, construction around the building started at 7am each morning so one had no choice but to get up (&amp; could also not take an afternoon nap), the drainage in the bathroom was like my old college dorm room. Again, nothing severe but chinks in the armour of any 5 star contender. Huang Ting / Chinese rest. was excellent - both quality &amp; value wise. Conversation-interrupting Peking duck. I have to stop thinking about the duck now... I also went to the famous Peking duck rest. on the busy street behind T. Sq / Mao's maus. that every guidebook &amp;/or mag/newspaper articles mentions (I think opened since the late 1800s). It's ok. But so is a Toyota Camry &amp; if i can pay the same price I'd rather have the Lexus. You pay the same amount but the quality of the duck &amp; the service cannot be compared without tempting ridicule from little children. Zing, the other rest., is where breakfast is served - as the other reviews on this site note, excellent. Lots of choice - from western food to dim sum. Gets busy in the rush hour morning traffic though (seems to be a lot of tour groups at this hotel). However, the rest. is also highly rated for it's dinners (Conde Nast ranked i think) - my sis tried it out for dinner but she has yet to give me the thumbs up or down. Conclusion: if you can get a decent rate, go for it. Otherwise, you may want to check out the Hyatt (connected to the Oriental Plaza - great food court here!)	
May 20 2005	Stay Here	What can I say but fabulous, this hotel have got it right. The moment we walked into foyer we were treated wonderfully. We travelled all over China, and we also have travelled most of the world, but I have to say that this hotel has the best breakfast buffet I have ever seen. The rooms were wonderful and exceptionally clean.I cannot praise this hotel or Beijing enough. I am returning in September and would never stay anywere else.Stay here with the greatest of confidence.	
May 4 2005 	Truly magnificent. A real 5 stars for a very reasonable price	Extremely well situated, walking distance from the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Place. Luxurious hotel, with a mix of traditional with modern. Splendid decor. Room and bathrrom of a real 5 stars. Restaurant facilities outstanding from breakfast to supper whether in the Jing or the Huang Ting where we ate a most delicious Peking duck ( we even had it on 2 different occasions!) Impeccable service, from registration in your own bedroom, to first class conciergerie service . Most polite staff doing their best to accomodate you in all aspect of the stay. Were driven from and to airport in a mercedes limo. Help of 2 Peninsula's bellboy at the airport ( they stay there all day to accomodate incoming and outgoing client) to make sure we got our connecting flight to Shanghai. Took us all the way to the gate. Luxurious berroom and bathroom with daily changes of towels and faucet for purified water. TV while taking a bath or on a huge plasma screen in the bedroom. Great hallway with a little bar where you can enjoy 3-5 musicians playing either classical or soft music. 3 floors of the world most prestigious boutiques in the hotel,although you must expect to pay more than at home. Go shopping in the markets of Beijing where bargaining is a tradition and a must. Fitness of the first quality. In all a most enjoyable stay at a truly 5 stars hotel. And the price beats most other 5 stars in Beijing.	
May 2 2005	An oasis in Beijing	As others have noted, the Peniunsula Palace is an oasis within the noise, chaos, and dirt of Beijing. Renovated just a few years ago, rooms are decorated in an Asian-Western fusion style with silk bed accessories and hi-tech plasma TVs. Bathrooms are compact but practical with soaking tubs and granite and marble features--plus the amusing bathroom TV. Staff at the hotel are outstanding and consistently helpful and attentive. We especially enjoyed the beatiful fitness and spa facilities, including a wonderful indoor pool area and the thoughtul items tucked into each locker: robe, plush towel, flip-flops, and even a drawdstring plastic bag with which to transport wet bathing suits. The breakfast buffet, included with most room rates, is heavenly--a perfect mix of dim sum, Japanese, and the usual western standards. Of all the hotels I have stayed in in China, the Peninsula has by far the best breakfast. Service at breakfast can be slow, however; tea and coffee cups routinely run dry, and the pancake and waffle maker seems to take a lot of breaks. For other meals, the restaurant Jing is relatively unremarkable except for its great decor, which you can enjoy at breafast anyway. Our dinner there was solid, but hardly inspired, from a culinary perspective and frustrating from a service perspective (we couldn't find a member of the wait staff who spoke enough English to communicate my allergy to milk products, and I ended up with a dinner soaked in butter tnat had to be sent back). Huang Ting, the hotel's other major restaurant, is much better with an antique Chinese decor, highly attentive service, and great Chinese food. Overall, this is a great hotel. Other perks include the easy walking distance to Beijing's major shopping district, the nightly Snack Market (only for the brave!), and major sights in the city, including the Forbidden City.	
May 1 2005	Excellent hotel in Beijing	Although many new hotels continue to pop up in this bustling city of 15 million people, the Peninsula Palace is still a great place to stay. The location of this hotel is exceptional with a pedestrian mall only a block away. The hotel had well appointed rooms although ours wasn't huge. It offered two twin beds (actually doubles). The bathroom was beautiful and even had a TV allowing you to view while in the shower or bathtub. They also had a separate water faucet in the bathroom for drinking which made it nice to brush your teeth. I did so daily with no ill affects. They managed to maintain coolness in the rooms all night long, which is important to sleep soundly. Breakfast was included and was at Jing restaurant. Exceptional. The best array of international breakfast cuisine we found on our trip to China. They also have internet access that runs about 45 Yuan for 15 minutes or $8.50 US. The staff was very pleasant and most spoke English. They were helpful and like any you might find at a first rate hotel in NY. All in all a great place to stay.	
Apr 25 2005	Peninusla is a Palace!	Just returned from Beijing. 4/16/05-4/23/05. Stayed at the Peninsula Palace. What a fantastic hotel. From the minute we stepped out of our car till the moment we left we were treated wonderfully. It did take quite a bit of getting used to, as in the states we are not accustomed to such service and attentiveness. We are just normal folks who expect to do most things for ourselves...In fact, my 25 year old daughter commented on her trip back from the restroom by the lobby bar, that the attendent did everything short of going to the bathroom for her!!!! This hotel is number one is service and it is also beautiful. We had a standard adjoining room that was well appointed and decorated with a great view of the main street. The breakfast included in our room rate was delicious and the restaurant was beautiful looking as well. I have absolutly nothing negative to say about this hotel. The last time I went to a hotel that was as wonderful all around, was at the Ritz Maison Orleans in New Orleans, LA, USA. Peninsula Palace, You are tops, and you will see me again next trip!!!~Elle	
Mar 20 2005 	Fantastic	This hotel was wonderful from start to finish.When we checked in, although we had a Chinese speaker with us they insisted on speaking English. The service from all of the staff throughout was prompt and impeccable. One of our party had a birthday while we were there and they sent a birthday cake to her room.The rooms were newly decorated and immaculate with everything you could want down to a TV in the bathroom. The buffet breakfast in Jing was the best I had in China and had a really good choice of western and Chinese food. This was included in our rate of 135USD a night (+ tax). This is a beautiful restaurant unfortunately we did not have the chance to eat there on an evening. We did order room service one night, which was not bad and reasonably priced for a five star hotel. The hotel had lots of other facilities that we did not have time to take advantage of, although we did have time to wander around all of the designer shops in the lobby. The only problem was that there was work ongoing during the day, which was quite noisy while trying to nap off jetlag, but this stopped by six o clock each night.Based on my experience there I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 16 2005	Best Place in Town	Everything about the Peninsula Palace was spectacular. However, the service definitely stands out alone as the best reason to come to this hotel. The staff, at all levels, were terrific and incredibly helpful. The hotel underwent a recent renovation and the facilities are outstanding. Our standard king bed room was spacious for a city hotel, well appointed with nice modern furnishings and contained the large plasma TV that other reviewers raved about.We got a club level room that came with club amenities and it was well worth it. The club lounge served a delicious breakfast each day, had snacks and afternoon tea and then appetizers with evening cocktails. We took advantage of all the offerings of the club lounge during our stay.We also ate at both hotel restaurants and we found them to be quite reasonable (in US dollars standards) and very good. Huang Ting, the chinese restaurant in the hotel, was very good and highly recommended. One note of caution, we went out to the Quanjude Peking Duck restaurant one night which was raved about in several tour books as THE place to go for Peking Duck. We were rather disappointed at our expensive meal there and not at all impressed. Perhaps we just had bad luck...The location of the hotel is also excellent as it is within walking distance of the Forbidden City &amp; Tiananmen Square as well as some very good malls for shopping and eating.I would highly recommend the Peninsula for anyone traveling to Beijing!	
Feb 25 2005	Service luxury and location - it has all three!	Nov 04 - this was my second trip to Beijing, taking American friends on side-trips out of Hong Kong. It’s amazing what a great hotel experience will do to change your opinion of a city. On my last visit (Apr 04), we stayed at the New Otani which was a disappointment and detracted from our overall Beijing experience.We arranged hotel transfer from the airport which was seamless. Upon arrival at the Peninsula we were met in the motor lobby by hotel staff and immediately escorted to the club lounge, an experience which makes you feel special and your business valued. We were booked at the club level and received superb check-in from the club staff. There was a mistake in one of the room reservations needing twin beds (which I had re-confirmed by phone 2 days prior), which wasn't available, and so they upgraded my companions to a suite. Excellent recovery.The rooms were lovely and housekeeping staff was very, very good. Bathrooms in double room were a little tight (nothing beats Singapore Ritz-Carlton on bathrooms), but nonetheless very nice. Room light and TV controls are state of the art as well as the flat screen TV on the wall which leaves you plenty counter space on top of the bureau! The room has a great chaise lounge which is a nice alternative to always relaxing on the bed.Business center performed a quick task without as much as a hesitation.Concierge staff was amazingly patient and accommodating with very good recommendations. Dim sum at the hotel restaurant was delicious. Breakfast, tea and cocktail hour at the club level were well worth it.My husband and I are very discerning hotel guests and have stayed at many of the top hotels in Asia. This hotel exceeded our expectations.	
Jan 31 2005	By far the best	We stayed at the Peninsula Palace in mid-January at the end of our visit to China, and it proved to be the perfect ending to our trip. From the minute the driver and porter met us at baggage claim and whisked us away in the Mercedes, it was an excellent experience. We were met at the door and escorted to the club level, where we relaxed with drinks during check-in. Our room was beautiful and perfectly appointed - the console by the bed controlled everyting in the room (okay, so I was a bit afraid that coupled with the large plasma tv might render my husband unwilling to leave!). The lcd tv in the bath was just icing. Breakfast, tea, cocktails, and superb chocolates, along with help with reservations and transfers made this perfect hotel a bargain.	
Jan 25 2005	superb oasis in beijing	a very civilized oasis away from the bustle of beijing... a lovely hotel, good location, attentive staff, excellent concierge, tastefully furnished room with huge flat screen tv... i spend one morning in bed watching a riveting film... marble bathroom also with tv... very nice swimming pool, excellent breakfast buffet... the best was, that you can get a bicycle from the hotel, which was unmatched for exploring the city, especially going through the hutongs. can't wait to go back...	
Jan 11 2005	Palace Hotel deserves a sixth star		
Dec 20 2004	Great Hotel		
Dec 8 2004	Great Choice for Beijing		
Oct 22 2004 	Very Good Hotel in Beijing		
Oct 22 2004	Peninsula was wonderfully enjoyable 		
Sep 22 2004 	fantastic hotel		
Aug 9 2004	Flawless!		
Aug 1 2004	Missing BOOKS		
Jun 23 2004 	The Best Hotel in Beijing for Comfort Service and Location		
Jun 21 2004	It's really a Palace!!!		
Jun 21 2004	Espléndido		
Nov 26 2009	Molto elegante in ottima posizione e con una spa fantastica		
Nov 26 2009 	fascino old england		
Nov 5 2009 	???????????????		
Oct 9 2009 	??????		
Aug 29 2009 	????????????????		
Feb 3 2009 	?????????		
Sep 12 2008 	Luxus Pur		
Jun 8 2008	o.k.		
May 21 2008 	Excelente!!!		
Sep 2 2007 	Meriterebbe un restauro		
May 8 2007 	Ruhige Lage aber überbewertet und zu teuer!! Fitness abgewohnt		
