Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel	The location of the hotel was a definite plus and the staff was very friendly. The breakfast was excellent. The buffet includes a chef that will cook up an omelet, pancakes, etc. The other restaurant in the hotel was not anything extraordinary. Good hotel for all types of travelers. The only downside was a strange smell throughout the hotel. I think it could be the scent of the kitchen from the breakfast spilling into the main hotel. I did not find the beds that great either, but all in all not bad.	
Nov 13 2009 	Good location good food	Stayed here june 2009. The location was very convenient. We did like the hotel in general but the food definitely did make the difference for us. Every meal we had at the restaurant was superb. We even had a chance to meet the chef and compliment him for the food. We will definitely go back...	
Nov 9 2009 	Hotel needs updating	This hotel had a great location, but was not worth the high price. The 'deluxe' room we were given was small dark and basic furniture looked like it came from IKEA. We comlplained and were upgraded free to a suite. While this was more spacious and furniture a bit better, was badly planned and poorly lit, also had no twin beds and had to share bed with my sister, the alternative was to put another bed in the sitting area. Not what you would expect from the Crowne Plaza! It cost £7.00 for a gin and tonic, £4.50 for a cappuchino, we invited a friend fro breakfast and it cost £15.00! So think twice on a cost basis, add to this the 15% service charge and it makes everything very pricey. Good helpfull staff, hotel clean and comfortable, best beds ever!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Choice	positives:Great breakfast, although crazy busy very internationallarge clean rooms, good room servicegood customer service above average lobby area, it was place you can actually sit inplenty of things to walk to - location in the shopping district and close to food stallsNegatives:There are many (large) groups of people here it can be fustrating to get servicewe had a inward facing room! ask for a room facing to outside	
Nov 2 2009 	central location but worth it?	The hotel has a central location and nice facilities on the top floor including massage rooms and a pool. The bar in the lobby is a nice classy place to get a quick drink before heading out, though it inexplicably plays karoake music on repeat. The bottom line is, though, it is a bit pricey and there is a hotel called something like Dragon Inn directly across which is much nicer and is actually a bit cheaper.	
Nov 1 2009	Luxurious modern hotel	Ouistanding breakfast buffet. Large, well decorated rooms. A quiet refuge from the bustle of the huge city.	
Oct 16 2009 	Ideal hotel for Beijing	Positives include:t1)he staff who speak good English and are extremely helpful. In particular the management team and the concierge staff are excellent.2) only tried the Orange restauarant, but the buffet meal is very good as are the breakfasts 3) rooms, big, clean comfortable and quiet4) general ambiance of the hotel is luxurious without being overly formal5) location, while nothing is really walking distance the cabs are only 20-30rmb to get to wherever you need to go. The concierge did a deal for me where a cab driver drove me to the great wall (1hr 45min drive) waited a couple of hours and then drove me to the forbidden city, back in town for 600rmb. I only had a day to sight see and so it was worth it.negatives1) price of drinks, a simple beer available outside for 25rm costs 58rmb. I heard one lady say to the barman,&quot; 79 for 1 drink?&quot; apart from it being so obvious a rip off, they would sell more, make more with a sensible pricing policy2) cost of internet usage, even if you a priority club member. Not good for a business hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great stay	Booked this hotel as part of a package tour and was pleasantly surprised. The location is not very central. The rooms were clean and modern. The beds are the most comfortable I've slept in compared to the one at home. They had a very thick, fluffy duvet and soft down pillows. The bathroom only had a shower and had a sitting area. There is a substantial breakfast in the morning which the kids loved. They really missed their cereal in the mornings. I noticed many business travels and a few pilots during breakfast. We booked two rooms and wanted connecting rooms, apparently they did not have them. So hubby and I had to split up with the kids.When entering the hotel, you are scanned to see if you have a fever. Not sure if this is normal for all Bejing hotels but it sure reminded me of the H1N1 spreading around.Overall, if you want a clean comfortable place to crash, this is your place.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel	We realy enjoy our stay in this hotel. It was snowing and freezing outside, but the hotel was graet, excelent breakfast, big rooms, very large beds, very clean, and near downtown, just 30 minutes walking to tianmen's square. A lot of shoping near by and nice restaurants. Always taxis waiting to take you anywhere. The staff was very friendly and the lobby and bar were very nice too. Graet choice with high qaulity.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very nice hotel great breakfast	This is a very nice hotel. It was part of a tour package. The breakfast was phenomenal, with both eastern &amp; western style breakfasts. They had an awesome noodle bar, which made to go noodles. The rooms were spacious, clean, and air-conditioned. A really nice place overall.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good location and value	I am just coming to the end of a one week stay at this hotel. It's my first time in Beijing but I spend a lot of time in hotels.I selected this hotel based solely on location as I knew I'd have a Saturday free at the end of my business trip.The location is excellent. Tian'anmen Square is a 3km walk (30 minutes) if you go down Wangfujing Dajie and along Dondchang'an Jie. The Forbidden City is 1.8km (20 minutes) if you take the short cut down Dong'anmen Dajie and either you can use the trolley round to Wumen Gate or walk. The walk is quite pleasant.Back to the hotel!I selected a club room which gives you access to the lounge on the 8th floor where a continental or mini-buffet breakfast is served daily 0630 and 1030 and cocktail hour between 1730 and 1930. It also gives you free local faxing. A fruit plate is brought in a couple of times a week. The mini bar allows 2 free Tsingtao, 2 free coke and 2 free sprites daily. Free local telephone calls and finally one shirt per day washed and pressed. The room itself is spacious with a desk area wireless or cable broadband at 120RMB per day (which appears to be the standard price in Europe). The king size bed was comfortable although on one side the mattress sagged ( a sign that they probably don't turn the mattresses at all and so should probably replace them more often). There is a walk in wardrobbe area which leads into a bathroom that is spacious and well lit. The bathroom has a medium sized bath and a separated shower. The TV has about 30 channels of which about 6 are in english and two are movie channels so you can watch some sport, catch the news or watch a movie.The room was mostly quiet, yes I could occasionally hear people above me or in adjoining rooms but no more than most rooms. The buffet breakfast in the main restaurant downstairs is OK but I have to admit I've never been a fan of buffet breakfasts anyway. I also had lunch one day in the same restaurant and wasn't particularly impressed. I had the clam chowder, nasi goreng and a tsingtao beer which came to 210RMB but the quality of the food wasn't great.The gym on the 9th floor is small. It has two treadmills, two bikes, a step machine, plenty of free weights and about half a dozen weight-lifting machines. I didn't try the sauna or steam rooms but they appeared to be fine. The swimming pool is small with probably only enough room for two people to swim lengths. It looks like the swimming cap rule has been dispensed with as I wasn't asked to wear one.The only other negative comment I could make is that one one day my complimentary beer wasn't restocked but I'm sure had I wanted some I could have rung down to get it restocked.The staff were friendly, fast, efficient, helpful and most spoke very good english.Would I stay here again? Absolutely.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent hotel in great location	Our first time in China and Beijing so keen to have comfortable stress free accomodation. Made an excellent choice with the Crowne Plaza on Wangfujing Street. 100 RMB taxi ride from airport. Check in was easy with reception staff who spoke English OK. Our rooms were reasonably large and nicely decorated with very comfortable king size beds. The large hotel atrium is stunning (absolutely no smell by the way!) with friendly drinks service and pianist in the evening. The ground floor &quot;Purple Bar&quot; is a bit dull and rather overshadowed by the atrium. The swimming pool is small but well maintained (swimming caps compulsory). Business centre has expensive internet access. The concierge staff were friendly and helpful. They quickly sorted out taxis and arranged a good deal for a day trip to the Great Wall.This is a 5/4 star hotel so don't be surprised it's expensive to use the bars and restaurants. We had hotel dinner one night which was nicely served and delicious. We ate breakfast most days in the Intime Lotte Department store 100 metres down the street where you can have great value freshly baked pastries. The location of this hotel is excellent. As first time visitors we wanted easy access to the major tourist sites. The hotel is on the main tourist shopping street and within 40 minute walk (or short taxi ride) of Tiananmen square and The Forbidden City. It was great to stroll directly from the hotel down the street to the bright lights and crazy night food markets. There is a subway station 500 metres away.There are very few faults with this hotel. We had a very comfortable stay and I would definitely recommend it to tourist visitors who want to be close to the action.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location.	Location is on central Wangfujing rd, close to the subway, walking distance to the Forbidden city. The staff is very friendly. The food in the restaurant is good. A lot of tourists. The rooms are nothing special (the layout is somewhat uncomfortable, the bathroom is a bit awkward), but the atrium is very nice. They play live music every night and give you a free welcome drink upon arrival. We were upgraded to a better room upon a very early check in and got a late checkout without any problem. The hotel was very busy.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good choice	its a solid four star, not five. like all chinese hotels, slightly rough around the edges but overall just fine unless you are dismayed about the light fixture being off centre in the washrooms sorta thing.very good location. mediocre gym. helpful staff. great breakfast buffet (normally included in room price). great shopping near by. people who complain about this place are whiners. I wouldn't hesistant too stay here again.	
Jun 3 2009 	The atrium smells awful ...	I booked here for three nights in May 2009. Several years earlier, I had stayed here and had an enjoyable time. I thought it would be the same this time.However, the atrium smells awful. Every morning, at about 5 am to 6am as the kitchen staff began setting up for the buffet breakfast, there would be an awful smell pervading the entire 8-story atrium. It was a fast food odor and a burned cooking oil smell. The odor stayed in the atrium for hours at a time.  I was disappointed that the management didn't aerate the area, or at least have the common sense to release a pleasant fragrance to cover up the cooking odors.	
May 31 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Great Staff supurb location	We had the pleasure of staying at this facility when we were recently in Beijing. We booked 5 days and could have stayed longer. The staff were excellent - spoke English very well, rooms were very comfortable and nicely decorated. We did upgrade to the Executive CLub and epecially enjoyed the private lounge for breakfast and meeting other interesting people from different parts of the world.There are upscale shops with in 1/2 block, the famous &quot;out door market place&quot; is 2 blocks away and there are ample opportunities to just walk and enjoy the sites.While we were staying at the Crowne Plaza I felt very comfortable out side walking by myself (female) and did not feel the least bit worried about my personal safety (just be a smart traveler) . Beijing is beautiful and the there was absolutely no smog there and the streets are extremely clean as well as the public places everywhere. Would we stay here again certainly	
May 1 2009 	Good Choice in Beijing -- Great Location Excellent Breakfast Good Rooms	Last October we stayed at the Embassy Suites for 4 nights as a base to explore Beijing. There is a lot to like about this hotel! The rooms are American style with all the standard amenities, including queen size beds. We thoroughly enjoyed the very large breakfast buffet with multiple choices, fresh squeeze oj, and hand made omlettes (for us, it was included in our room rate). So overall, an excellent choice.We agree too, with some of the watch-outs of previous posters. First, be leary of the scantily clad women wandering the halls and elevators offering massage on the top floor. It didn't scare us as it is not the really bad thing we heard about in other hotels -- we just said 'no' and were left alone -- we only saw this on one night, Friday night. Also, the bellmen offer tourist services, but everything is marked up. You are better off using your guidebooks and booking on your own as English is spoken in Beijing and is not that bad (the rural areas, it can be more difficult). Also since the location is right in the middle of the Wafjung district, be prepared to be approached at night by a few shady characters offering prostitution. Again, it wasn't bad and cops were out -- we never felt not safe in this area of town. The location is the best in the city, with Tianamen and everything else in walking distance. Book here with the confidence of American luxury in a foreign local.	
Apr 25 2009 	Good value; great location	Husband and I stayed here for a one-day stop in Beijing en route to a conference. Location was convenient to the night market, Forbidden City, Tianamen Square - all an easy walk. (Ignore the constant pestering for people to give you a lift there ... it's a quick and easy walk.) Price (about $140 on Travelocity) seemed fair given the location - could have found cheaper but would have been less convenient to the sights. Breakfast was pricey ... we didn't purchase a room package that included breakfast - maybe that would have been cheaper. Just walking in and paying was $50 for two of us - OUCH. It was a standard buffet with lots of options, but no buffet breakfast is worth $25 a pop! Room itself was fine ... not huge, but I think that's the norm. Room was clean and had everything we needed.	
Apr 24 2009 	Have everything you need!	I stayed in Crown Plaza Beijing Wangujing room 663 from 04/18-04/22. Everything about this hotel was beyond my expectation. The modern design of the hotel room was very appealing to me, it is definitely my taste. All color match up from ceiling to carpet. And a lot of mirrors, I love mirrors. And the customer service was outstanding. You can ask front desk transformer if you have US electronic appliances need to use in hotel. A lot of English channels to choose from such as HBO, CNBC, CNN and etc. The only downside was that there was no free Wifi, you need to pay 2.3 chines yuan per minute if you use in room broadband. Overall, a great experience for me, I would definitely love to stay there again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Location - Good Staff	We had booked 2 double bed rooms. Hotel upgraded 1 room to Club floor.Breakfast was included in our rate -- good wholesome spread at breakfast.Leo at the bell desk arranged private English speaking guide with a van.A bit expensive but worth it.Great location -- most city sites are nearby.Rakesh - India	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location - but be prepared for a bit of a shock	Have stayed in the same hotel for the last 5 years, and find the location to be ideal - very convenient for Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. Staff friendly and helpful - had initially booked for two nights, but managed to change my booking at very short notice to arrive a day earlier with no fuss. Air conditioning on club floor on too high on arrival - felt and sounded like being on an airplane in the corridors, but staff soon rectified this.Breakfast good - and normally but quite busy - most likely due to central location.Spa staff were a little too forward for my liking - approached a couple of times during my stay with staff giving me their name cards should I be interested in their personal service for a massage!Some problems with plug sockets in room - had to wedge my phone charger with two pin travel adaptor with a chair to make it work as connections quite loose. Some of the plug sockets also difficult to access as down the back of the desk area. However, most &quot;shocking&quot; thing about my stays at this hotel is number of shocks I get from the build up of static electricity - I'm sure it isn't just me, as friends have made the same comment. Had to get a replacement room card on second day as mine stopped working - same seems to happen every time I visit.	
Mar 17 2009 	I am sure there are better choices!	Me and a co-worker atayed at the CPB for 3 nites. We stayed in this hotel because the convention we were attending took place there! but after staying at the Hyatt on the Bund in Shanghai, this Hotel felt like a 3 star!! Good location, so-so everything else!	
Mar 15 2009 	Liked the Central Location	This hotel was chosen for us by our travel company. We were delighted with it especially for its central location - near train station, shops etc. We walked to Silk Street every evening for shopping - such fun. We stayed there for 4 nights and were made to feel very welcome and comfortable. E veryone was was very helpful. The room was large and lots of little extras like towelling robe and slippers and bathroom accessories. Would definitely go back there.	
Mar 12 2009 	very nice	Stayed here for one night in March with work, and I would say its great value for money. On arrival because I didnt have room with king size bed, they upgraded me to club floor for free, wchih was great considering the room was 800 RMB for one night inc breakfast. The room was lovely, never had such lovely soft sheets and I stay in lots of hotels. Separate shower and bath, and a dressing area. Very spacious. Hotel staff nicer than staff in other hotels, and in the purples bar, happy hour between 5 and 9, including branded lovely australian red wine, so I was more than happy since wine is so dear in China. Would stay here again, its also near the most famous shopping street in Beijing Wang Fujing, and only 35 minutes from the airport, 10 minutes taxi to Silk Street Market. all in all, thanks to crowne plaza beijing.	
Feb 3 2009 	One Wrong made a Great Right!	We chose to go to Beijing over the holiday season and booked and paid for a 4 night stay at the Park Plaza Beijing. To make a long story short, after we were picked up by the local tour operator, we found out that we had been booked at the Crowne Plaza Beijing and had no reservations at the Park Plaza.The local guide who picked us up from the airport was very apologetic and tried to find a way to switch the reservations, after I insisted that they find a way to get us into the hotel we had originally chosen. But it was a Sunday and we were in China so after 30 minutes of trying to fix the mess, we finally agreed to move to the Crowne Plaza.We were assured and guaranteed that we would enjoy the same facilities, the same amenities and the same level of accommodations. The guide also said that in terms of price, the Crowne Plaza was actually at a higher level than the Park Plaza and that someone in their office would really pay for this mistake.I never did get to see the rooms at the Park Plaza but the room they gave us at the Crowne Plaza was quite spacious, very comfortable and really spic and span. Amenities like plush bathrobes, towels, toiletries were very nice. Flat screen tv in the room although internet access was not free. There were a number of restaurants in the hotel, including a nice Japanese restaurant. The buffet breakfast at the coffee shop was good -- lots of local and western choices and service was efficient if a bit curt. Front desk service also efficient, at check in and check out -- The Crowne Plaza is right at the corner of Wangfujing Street and it's one straight walk to the shopping district and the malls. It turned out to be an even better place than the Park Plaza which is slightly off the main road and a bit more inconvenient.We ended up silently mouthing a &quot;thank you&quot; to whoever made this mistake in our accommodations -- the Crowne Plaza was a great hotel in a very convenient location, offered good value and efficient though rather brusque service .... and we will definitely go back next time we are in Beijing!	
Dec 31 2008 	great hotel	Good location in wangfujing where you can shop, dine, etc.The famous quan ju de (peking duck restaurant) is just a walking distance, the biggest book store (wangfujing book store) is also just a walking distance. The hotel is magnificent, two thumbs up for the concierge, they speak good english, will always guide you the way to go. Whenever we will go out of the hotel, we will drop by the concierge, then they will write down in chinese the name of the destination to show it to the taxi driver and will give you the card of the name of the hotel (crowne plaza wangfujing) in chinese for the taxi driver, for us to go back to the hotel. We watched the acrobatic show, it's expensive but we have a very good seat, and it is really worth, really really great show. We bought the ticket also from the concierge in the hotel.We booked the deluxe room through the hotel website, but when we arrived no deluxe room ready yet, so they gave us the suite room which i have to pay extra for this, but the next day i complained to the management, and they just upgraded it with the same rate for the deluxe room. Great service!!The housekeeper is also magnificent ... though they can't speak english at all, we use the sign language, sometimes both of us and my kids will laugh at each other, they are so friendly.The only complain is the breakfast, we stay there for 7 nights, and we ate the same various of breakfast, nothing new .... ooops	
Dec 16 2008 	Hotel fine but concierge terrible	This hotel was overall fine but one area that really needed improvement was the concierge. Although extremely friendly and apparently trying to be helpful they gave me terrible advice. First I told them I wanted to see the famous Beijing acrobats. Only after I bought an expensive ticket did I realize that I should have been more explicit. I double checked with them asking if there was more than one particularly well know acrobatic troop and I was assured that this was the one I would want to see. Unfortunately they sent me to a terrible show performed by children (really) in which the juggler dropped the ball, etc. It was like going to a show of someone's talented niece. But it cost about $40.00! Oh, and when it was over I was in the middle of nowhere alone with no one anywhere to be found who spoke English and nowhere to hail a taxi. Everyone else seemed to have arrived in tour buses. I stood around trying to figure out what to do when a taxi just luckily pulled into a space nearby and I was able to return to the hotel. This is the kind of thing a concierge should know and plan for (they knew when the show ended and could have had a cab pick me up) The whole thing was a nightmare. The concierge seemed very surprised when I told him (nicely) how terrible the show had been and said it was the one that the hotel had told them to send people to. The next piece of bad advice was that I should walk to Tiennaman Square instead of taking a taxi. The concierge assured me it was a ten minute walk but in fact was well over half an hour. I only had about three hours altogether before I had to be back so it made a big difference. A ten minute walk is not the same as 30 minutes and they should know that. Nice guys working there but terrible advice. One nice thing about the hotel -- they said they had overbooked regular rooms so they put me in a suite with access to the special accommodations including happy hour and breakfast for the same price.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good hotel good location	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for several days on a business trip in November. The location of the hotel is good, being located fairly centrally on Wangfujing St, which is one of the main streets of Beijing. It is near a big pedestrian mall where there are the more expensive western shops, McDonalds etc, but also near some more traditional Chinese shops and the night food market. Wangfujing Cathedral is also close by. It is around 20 mins walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.My room at the hotel was fine, with a comfortable king size bed, good bathroom and fluffy robes and slippers which I love. It was very quiet and looked out over Wangfujing St. Breakfast was included, which was very good with both western and Asian food choices, although not outstanding. The staff were very polite and extremely helpful and many spoke English. The only disappointment for me was the cost of internet access which was very expensive, I think it was 240RMB per day. Overall I was very happy and would stay there again.	
Dec 6 2008	love the hotel.	love this hotel..its almost new..everyday they give you new supplies..from slippers to toothbrush..breakfast was included with our tour....the food was great..from chinese to american food. Its a five minute walk to subway	
Nov 23 2008	Great location prices high	On business in Beijing means you need somewhere central and with a good staff to understand your needs. The staff speak excellent english and you certainly feel like you are well treated and respected.This hotel is great.The breakfast selection is exceptional and the rooms are clean and modern. The internet is free and the usual fare of services are available like massage etc. The Gym is good (readers of my reviews would be surprised about this due to my new found fitness regime!) along with the pool and sauna availability.Sadly the bar scene in the evening is poor due to no-one being there (we went to Shangri-la Kerry Centre and it was pumping in comparison). If you feel the inclination, the Karaoke list is huge.ProsLocationStaffConsPrice	
Nov 21 2008	Not too bad	I booked this hotel through a air/hotel package through the Cathay Pacific Holiday website, and for its location.I found the room quite lovely, and I would not consider it being small. It's been renovated in 2005 as mentioned and everything looks new. One thing I am not too crazy about is the frosted glass wall between the bathroom and the main room. If someone goes to the bathroom at night and turn on the light, it may bother another person who is still sleeping.We utilized their main buffet restaurant every morning as it's included in the package. The staff was quite pleasant overall, but can be inconsistant depending on which staff you get. The selection is satisfactory, with lots of pastry items, cook-to-order omlette, chinese congee items, and fresh fruits. However, you won't find any &quot;wow&quot; factors here.Location is good, but not as great as I expected. If you are comfortable walking, and your main objective is sight-seeing around the Wangfujin area, this is the place. But if it's not, the transportation in Beijing is so good that there are many choices (plus quite a few great restaurants I love are not close to this hotel) out there that may offer more values for the money. Having said that, I would not have any problems recommending this hotel to others.	
Nov 21 2008 	Small rooms	I am not impressed with this hotel for the price! Like many of the the chinese people in Wangfujing area (what we now call &quot;screw the foreigners&quot; area)--the hotel front desk staff incessantly tries to sell you extras on top of your room--upgrades etc. The hotel has small rooms that are dated and not so clean carpets....no extras....and is in general a mediocre &quot;holiday inn&quot;--nothing special! The only reason to stay here is to stay in the area. BUT I am sure you can get a better deal at one of the many adjacent hotels.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Convention Hotel	If you are doing business at the convention center this is the place to stay. Convienent location to the center and airport, great food and helpful staff.I stayed on the executive floor - it was worth the few extra bucks. Downtown is about 30 minutes away depending on the time of day.	
Nov 13 2008 	Good location but very thin walls	I had stayed at this hotel before but never realized that there are two types of rooms. The majority have a window looking out at the street while some overlook the hotel bar area. I found that there was little sound proofing in these rooms. Hearing the music from the hotel bar is not the biggest issue. Having to continuously hear your neighbour speak and cough in annoying. The problem is mostly but, not only, due to the single door between communicating rooms as you get a lot of noise from the corridors. You have to hope that your neighbours are not on their honeymoon.As a platinum member of the Priority club i was given an upgrade. it makes me wonder what a lesser rooom would look like. The basement maybe?The hotel location is good as you can walk to the subway and Forbidden city from there (but a good walk). The annoying thing is that you need to walk through the scammers and ladies offering &quot;lady massage&quot; to make it to your hotel. At least the very obvious hotel security keeps them out of the hotel lobby - possibly to protect their own massage business......	
Oct 5 2008 	Great central location	Good room, very good bed, nice bathroom, great breakfast. Location is top: right within main shopping area, within walking distance to forbidden city, tianmen square etc. Friendly, helpful and competent concierge-team. We were very happy with our choice.This is a &quot;Classical&quot; Crown Plaza, that you cannot compare to some of the newer Design Hotels, that might exist now in China as well (?).	
Jul 15 2008 	Excellent hotel..great room..my choice for my next Trip to Beijing	After reading the reviews from the trip advisor I decided to give this hotel a try. Location is great 5min walk to Wangfujin.Being a platinium member with priority club I was given an upgrade to the executive floor (Without requesting for it). It was a hugh room and basically the size of my bath room is almost the same size as the my bedroom.I opted for the business package which includes laundry (equalvient to RMB46 a day, topup if the value is exceeded), breakfast and free in-room internet....great value.very impressed with the room..Thumbs upAlso being on the club floor entitiles you to the free cocktail from 5.30 to 7.30pm...great and exquite selection of snacks and drinks. Usually I will go there for a drink with my friends before heading out for dinner.Overall I have a great 6 days stay @ the hotel. Highly recommended	
Jul 15 2008 	More than just a great location	We chose this Hotel based mainly on its location &amp; reviews on tripadvisor &amp; were pleased to find out it was an excellent Hotel, especially for the price. We booked our stay through the Hotel's website &amp; went for the advanced purchase rate which is fully pre-paid with no refunds allowed. It was such a big discount &amp; we had travel Insurance so decided to go for it. On arrival we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to a club level room &amp; the upgrade was not a big amount so we decided to do it. We were not disappointed to have the use of the club lounge at our disposal &amp; the ease of being able to go just along the corridor for breakfast. Both the breakfast &amp; the nibbles that went with the happy hour drinks in the evening were absolutely first rate. When we checked out we did this at the desk on our floor which again was just so easy.We were able to change US$500 at the reception desk into RMB so we didn't have to bother with finding a bank or even an auto teller machineOne thing that stood out about this Hotel is that it was a way better Hotel than the tariff suggested and as such excellent value for money.The Hotel has been completely re-furbished &amp; the club level room we had was large &amp; comfortable. The style of it was not as modern as the regular rooms but the space advantage was appreciated. There is an entry area to the room with a writing desk complete with broadband internet connection &amp; stationery supplies, even pencils, a ruler &amp; an eraser. Adjacent to this area is a large bar area. The bathroom, once again is large with a full size bath &amp; seperate shower. A comprehensive range of amenities are supplied inc. bathrobes &amp; slippers. The bed is very comfortable &amp; the rooms can be completely darkened if you need to sleep during the day.In all areas of the Hotel it is absolutely spotless.The A/C in the room is excellent, it was stinking hot in Beijing when we were there &amp; you could turn the room into a refrigerator if you so desiredWe dined in the two Restaurants and found them both very good. In the Chinese Restaurant we had the suckling piglet &amp; it was really something, served with the crackling wonderfully crunchy and cut into segments so you could pick each segment complete with its own piece of crackling up with your chopstick. Not too good for the cholesterol levels I'm sure but OK for a special treat!The location at one end of the Wangfujing Dajie is as good as you will get in Beijing. This is the major pedestrian shopping precinct in Beijing &amp; has a lot of the international stores as well as some local ones. Just off this street &amp; only 10 minutes from the Hotel is one of the famous Quanjude Roast Duck Restaurants which is unparallelled for Peking Duck. Only 5 minutes from the Hotel in the same direction is the Donghuamen Night Market. This is a must see, very colourful &amp; it is all there for you to eat!To walk to Tiananmen Square &amp; the Forbidden City from here is only 30 minutes &amp; there are several ways you can go including through some gardens &amp; an Historic Hutong (this will take a bit longer)Negatives are few &amp; minor - an fussy room key card which sometimes had to be fiddled with a bit to get into the room &amp; a self reclining chair at the room desk &amp; that is it!!!!It is around 1 hour from the fab new Beijing Airport to the Hotel. I can't recommend this Hotel highly enough &amp; if you stay here I am sure you will not be disappointed. I have posted some photos taken around Beijing to flickr &amp; you are welcome to have a look at them on www.flickr.com/photos/kiwiexplorer - Thanks for reading my review!	
May 16 2008 	Great location	Best thing about this hotel for us was the location. It is situated on Wangfujing Street, the main shopping street. It is literally 2 minutes walk to the pedestrianised area, and also to the night market just off Wangfujing Street where you can find all the food stalls (seahorses, cicadas, beetles, scorpions etc....not for the faint hearted. We didn't try but it was fun to visit) and trinket/souvenir stalls. Hotel itself is fine, but given the choice again I would not have chosen a western chain hotel, but gone for a Chinese one instead. Room very comfortable, just as you would expect. Hotel food pricey, but there is a great little restaurant almost opposite the extrance to the hotel (Cant remember the name but there is a sign for Peking Duck outside) - which looked empty, but when we went in it was full of people at the back, it was about £15 for 2 people incl a bottle of wine, and really good food. If I was in Beijing on business then this hotel would be a really good choice for me, but maybe I would not choose it again as a tourist.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great hotel great price	This hotel was great and I have to say exceeded my expectations. Now, I'm not saying it's the most amazing hotel I've ever been to, but it's a great hotel that satisfied all my needs and went above and beyond my expectations. I stayed here for 11 nights in April 2008. The room itself was spotless and the maid cleaned very well each day. I never had a problem in my room whatsoever. The furnishings were very nice, updated, new... as a result of their recent renovation a couple of years ago. The bathroom was very updated and clean. The bed was amazingly comfortable, but it's possible that was the jetlag and Tsingtao beer talking. The location is great, right on Wangfujing where there are tons of (upscale American &amp; European) stores mixed in with Chinese tea &amp; souvenir shops. The Forbidden City &amp; Tiennemen is about a 15-20 minute walk. We also walked to the Temple of Heaven but I think most folks would want to take a cab. The Grand Hyatt (great restaurants) and Oriental Plaza shopping mall is a 10 minute walk, tops. At the Crowne Plaza, the front desk and concierge were extremely friendly &amp; efficient, and I'm very surprised to read other reviews that stated otherwise. We checked in mid-day Saturday when I'd think it would be busy and yes there were a few people on line but there were 4 people working behind the desk plus one person exchanging money. We didn't wait long at all. Each time we visited the front desk there were at least 2 people working, even when we came home late-night at 3 or 4 am. The concierge, I'm not joking, always had at least 3 people working, if not 5 or 6. We would laugh because we weren't sure which of the guys to speak to since there were so many, although we did become friends with one of them by the end of our trip! The concierge made ALL my dinner reservations for 11 nights, wrote all of the names down in Chinese so that my cab driver would understand, and then in the evenings either the concierge guys or the 2-3 staff members standing outside hailing cabs for us would explain to the cab driver exactly where we wanted to go. I was astounded at how nice everyone was because some of the other reviews stated otherwise. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants in the hotel. Nothing really jumped out at me so I guess you could consider that a drawback - I wish there were better restaurants. My husband did eat lunch at the Essence restaurant buffet 3 days with colleagues and he said it was good, it was fine, nothing to write home about. We did visit Purple (formerly the Champagne Bar) almost every night - usually it was empty and we were the only people but we had a lot of friends with us so we brought our own party. We loved this place, although if it was just my husband &amp; I it would have been weird just the two of us sitting in Purple alone. And I mean it's usually empty from opening at 5 pm to closing at like maybe 2 am? Once Purple closed we went to the 24 hour lounge right next to the front lobby and no one ever bothered us even until 4 and 5 am and there were 10-15 of us. We had the concierge level 'access' where we had breakfast each morning (6:30 am - 10:30 am) and 'happy hour' each evening (5:00 pm - 7:00 pm). The breakfast had the usual breads &amp; pastries, juices, chafing dishes with hashbrowns, bacon, etc and also had an omlet bar which I usually don't see at this type of concierge breakfast. And being open until 10:30 was a total bonus since we are late sleepers. At the evening happy hour there was unlimited wine, beer, and liquor and each day they rotated with about 6 different hors d'ouevres. All day long is free soda, water, juice, and peanuts. I'm not sure what this cost extra but we took advantage every day for breakfast, happy hour, and waters prior to sightseeing. It was certainly worth the extra money (whatever we paid?).This is a great hotel and the price is right. If you're looking for extreme extravegance certainly go to the ShangriLa, Raffles, Grand Hyatt, or even the Sheraton... but this hotel is really nice, updated, very clean, and the personnel I found to be absolutely wonderful. For my next visit I will certainly stay at the Crowne Plaza.	
Apr 25 2008 	Average Business Class Hotel	I work in a hotel and I guess I can understand the limitations that hotels usually face. This hotel overall was &quot;ok&quot;, I don't think it stands out in my memory as being one of the best, nor one of the worst. Most of the facilities and services here are, well, ordinary. One any traveller would expect. There was only 1 person working behind the counter when I checked in. He took quite a while to get to me as the guest in front was asking a lot of questions about travellers cheques. Anyway, I get to the room and it is pretty alright. Spacious, big bed, good view, nice bathroom, well stocked mini bar and everything. I went upstairs to the Club floor to look around and this didn't impress me. I'm quite sure that an executive floor can afford a better selection of food/snacks for their evening cocktail.The swimming pool was small, but the gym was adequate. There were 3 staff at the driveway - 2 door people and 1 security officer. They did not offer to help me get a taxi and even when I asked, they were a bit slow to react. Busy? I don't think so, I was the only one standing there, while the 2 girls chatted away before I approached them. Breakfast at the coffeehouse was the usual hotel buffet, there was, however, a good selection of croissants/pastries and breads for those that like that sort of thing along with the usual bacon, sausages and cereals thing. I did not have lunch or dinner in any of the restaurants, but I had a drink in the bar which was nice, relaxing and the staff here were attentive. One night, I returned late and I had to walk behind(!) the counter to the back office to ask someone to come out and help me as my magnetic door key didn't work. As luck would have it, it still didn't and I had to come down again.The hotel is at least very close to Wang Fu Jing and is about 20 to 25 mins walk from Tiananmen. Train station is a good 10 mins away.Overall, I guess I would return to this hotel in future but I won't expect much.	
Apr 17 2008 	Good location mostly good service	Crowne Plaza is a good hotel with a good location, right at the top of one of the main shopping streets.I stayed there recently in 3 rooms, with my wife &amp; the kids as we explored Beijing for 6 days.Check-in is a little bureaucratic &amp; not the fastest but it is fine, with pleasant staff. The rooms are comfortable, flat screen LCD TV, CNN, HBO etc. Internet works well, bathrooms are clean with all the expected amenities.When we were short of stuff in the bathroom, housekeeping turned up fast but it has to be said their English understanding is rudimentary. However, sign language worked fine &amp; they were very helpful.The breakfast is extensive but the pastires are doughly &amp; the staff are a little too enthusiastic in the clearing of dirty dishes sometimes. Try the cappuccino at breakfast - it's much better than the black sludge!The walls of the rooms are VERY thin - even to the extent smoke from adjacent smokers seems to seep through. If you do not smoke, ensure you get a room on a non smoking floor.Overall a pleasant stay &amp; we would recommend this hotel for trips to Beijing.	
Mar 31 2008	Best mix of everything in Wangfujing area in Beijing.	Stay at Crowne Plaza Beijing a few times from 2005 to 2007. Best mix of price, service and location in Wangfujing area in Beijing.Great location. Walking distance to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing Shopping District. Good restaurants around.Try to get a corner room for big windows facing west or south. Hotel reception staff has been very friendly and helpful.	
Mar 29 2008 	Good standard hotel	The Crowne plaza is a good standard 5 star hotel. Location is good. You can walk to major tourist sights. Has a big atrium which gives you an airy feeling.Rooms are clean, however already a bit aged when it comes to furniture.During my stay quite a few travek groups used the hotel, so check-in was slow and breakfast room very crowed.	
Feb 2 2008 	First class location and venue - all positive	Selected Crown Plaze on the basis of TripAvisor.com reviews and found the hotel first class. Very clean and ALL staff spoke English including concierge and room attendants. Well located just one block away from the centre of the shopping district. Become a Priority Club member (free) and stay on the 'Club' floor and get free internet and light dinners. Has a great swimming pool and spa for the kids. Massage provided as well. Surprisingly the centre of Beijing is close to all the tourist venues. In particular the Crown Plaza was very close (20 minutes by car) to Forbidden City,Tiananmen Square, Lama Temple. Also near local Hutongs - local housing, local restaurants (meals for $2 per person), local shopping strip. Right next to China Merchant Bank where we could change money and had about 8 cash machines which took VISA Card. Note most places take cash only - so being near a bank was very important. We ate at local restaurants, but not open markets as advised by our local Beijing guide Qing (pronounced Ching) who guided us for 8 days. We found Qing on TripAdvisor and she was amazing. We have three children and Qing and her driver made the trip a lifetime highlight. Contact Qing on [--]. Qing also took us skiing, which was very cheap and of course the Great Wall, Acrobatic and Kung-Fu shows, Antique market, Vegetarian restaurant. Having a local Beijing Chinese guide is the way to go - you save the daily fee many times over by not getting lost and also buying local goods at local prices - Qing made bargaining a lot more equal. Importantly Qing did not send us to shops like other guides. She refused tips or commissions - refer to other TripAdvisor feedback for confirmation. Beijing far exceeded our expectations. PS. Shanghai was a disappointment by comparison.	
Jan 30 2008 	Good Value but with flaws	stayed here 4th Jan for 4 nights, check in process quite swift, however, even though a Priority club Gold member received no perks or even free newspaper... :-( The hotel and rooms were modern, clean, nicely furnished with comfy beds, nice bathroom amenities and good lcd tv. The location was also very good for shopping as the main street was just 5mins away. Taxis were easy to get from the hotel entrance and there were a few local cafes / eatery's for breakfast and late night chilling As on a room-only basis, didn't get chance to try the breakfast in the lobby restaurant, however, had tea and cake there one evening which was very tasty. I would like to point out, the service was very slow here even though there were only 3groups of people in the lounge area.Tried the gym which was ok, nice modern machines, i recall 2bikes, 2 treadmills, some free weights and a few other machines which was more than sufficient as it was totally empty. Pool was empty and ok, maybe a little cold for my liking.Concierge staff very help on most occasions, making restaurant reservations and advising us on the different aspects of the Great Wall excursion.ok, to the downsides,1. front desk could not deal with complaints, our toilet was not functioning and 3 times we spoke with them to get it sorted, yet it was not after 3 'apparent' visits from maintanance, finally we demanded they moved us, but the next room the safe didn't work. I was so angry we didn't unpack our bags, we just walked off telling the to move us to a better room or we were off to another hotel. On return, safe fixed, no apology...2. We consistently received electric shocks from everything we touched once inside the hotel, after chatting with other guests, i know we were not alone. After 2-3days of getting little shocks, this was a real nuisance. I guess this must be down to shoddy wiring3. The electronic room card kept stop working, as regularly had loads of shopping, we had to keep going back downstairs with all our gear to get another room card. It must of gone 10 times over the 4day period.In summary, this hotel overall was good value at $90 but i cannot rate it above average due to it's failings, if it sorted these out, i would most definitely say it was well above average - excellent	
Dec 31 2007 	Very disappointed	I stayed here with my two teenage sons December 21 - 25, 2007. The hotel was okay, but certain aspects of it were infuriating. Our room was on the second floor, directly above the main, Chinese, restaurant. The worst problem with the room was that it was always HOT. We could not get it cool and management was not helpful in this regard. In retrospect, we probably should have insisted that they move us to another room, as they did not appear to be full. Outside the temperature ranged from around 25 - 41 degrees Fahrenheit. I'm not sure what the temperature was in our room, but both my sons and I were uncomfortable all the time---we slept with as few clothes on as we decently could and we resorted to turning on very, very few of the lights, which were mostly either halogen or incandescent. The second worst problem was that the dresser drawers were very poorly built---they were shallow and they scraped and dropped wood shavings all over the clothes. In addition, the carpet in our room was old, very worn, and permanently dirty and the cleaning staff replenished the 3 small bottles of hotel-branded water only twice during our stay. Finally, apparently because of its location right above the restaurant, the hallway smelled of kitchen exhaust, which was just really unpleasant. On the plus side, the beds and pillows were comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The staff was generally very nice; however, they did not appear to know that the fifth line subway was open (or how to get to it, even though it is very nearby) and it was not shown on the hotel's subway maps. Their English language skills were adequate. The breakfast buffet, which was included in the room was pretty good---there were lots of choices and I would think anyone could find something to eat that they like. The hotel is conveniently located for shopping and to major tourist attractions. I would be very hesitant to stay at this hotel again. I certainly would not stay on the 2nd floor and I would ask specifically if the air conditioning in the room had been recently replaced.	
Dec 28 2007 	OK hotel in good location	We stayed 2 nights here at the end of our holiday in China. Our internet booking had not been received by the hotel and they were not helpful in sorting this out. It was seen as our problem not theirs. We were staying in the King club level and would have expected more VIP service. When we were finally able to contact Wotif.com they were extremely helpful and sorted out our problem straight away. The room was a bit dated, but reasonably opulent. The bathroom was huge and luxurious. I am not sure I like the inward looking hotel rooms, where the windows overlook the central atrium and all can see me if I dont keep the windows shut. Breakfast was ordinary. The hotel is located in Wangfujing street but it is a good walk to the main restaurant and shopping areas, so not quite as well located as the address made it sound.	
Dec 26 2007	Fantastic hotel in Beijing!	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza from December 11-17, 2007. The location was fantastic--near the Wangfujing pedestrian shopping street. The lobby was was very nice, all decorated for Christmas. My room was great--room 202. Spacious marble bathroom and nicely decorated room. Nice duvet filled with silk batting. Bottled water and toiletries provided. Used the concierge to book tickets and also used the business center to book my day tours. Staff very accomodating. I have an account with Bank of America, so I could use the China Contruction Bank atm's with no fee. There was a branch located across the street near the KFC. I went to the the Beijing Dept store a couple of blocks away for my drinks and snacks--on the lower floor there is a small grocery. There is also a larger grocery at the department store at the other end of the pedestrian part of Wangfuging. I am glad I went in December because it was low season, the sun was always out and skies were blue--the winds seemingly blew the pollution away so the air seemed a lot cleaner than in Xian where I was before Beijing. The temperature during the day was in the mid thirties. I wore my down coat, hat and mittens and was fine. I only wore my long underwear once. I don't think I would ever travel to China from March to November which is when there are lots of tourists. The next time I come to Beijing I will definitely stay at this hotel. Since it was low season the rates were excellent. I booked directly on the hotel's website. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the smoking in the lobby. The taxi to and from the hotel to airport was about $15 each way.	
Dec 1 2007 	Great Choice in Beijing	Spent five nights total (a three-night stay then a two-nighter at the end of our trip) at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing last week and, while already optimistic about our stay, thanks to other Tripadvisor reviews, am now plesed to say our expectations were surpassed. The rooms are well-designed with lots of counter space and good closets. Beds comfortable with nice duvets. The staff will bend over backwards to accommodate you in every way. It is true, as observed by others, the English skills of most staff are limited at best. But they are patient and persistent and will do everything they can to help out. Since we ran into travelers from Russia, Italy and various Middle Eastern states, English isn't the only language they were struggling with! The location is also great, less than a half-hour walk to the east gate of the Forbidden City and a few minutes more to get to Tiannanmen Square.	
Nov 26 2007 	Loved !	When i walked into the atirum of the hotel , i was like zomg ! the atrium was beautfullt designed . i loved the glass lifts the roamed up and down the atrium ! Service : Best Service ! I was very hungry in the morning and i nid to leave the hotel for an important meeting . I had no time for the breakfast . Their staffs , pack a few dishes for me to eat on my way . I was so happy !Room . Cool ! The room was beautifully , compactly designed with a flat screen TV and a frosted glass bathroom .Location : Right in the centre of all places . A short walk to the silk market ETC .My FAV hotel in beijing .Reccomended to stay here . Great ! Staying here wont make u lose anything but u will gain from it ! Signing off	
Nov 22 2007 	Definitely Good Value for Money	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights last May 2007 with my family. Strategic location near Wangfujing Avenue. Rooms are spacious and very functional. Efficient service particularly by the staff in the lobby lounge and coffee shop. Many speak good English but not with the engineering and maintenance personnel. Buffet breakfast was excellent. A word of caution though: do not go out at night if you're in a small group since there are beggars who tend to surprise and harass you. I would assume that by the time of the Olympics this would be resolved. Overall though, the breakfast , location and the rooms make this a good value for money. Would not hesitate recommending this hotel.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Location!	Right in the middle of the WangfuYing Area. Lots of restaurants and shopping right out the door! Don't miss the night stalls/market, it was great fun.	
Nov 21 2007	A good (not great) hotel in Beijing	Locally rated as a 5 star hotel, the Crowne Plaza is barely 4 star, in our opinion. Rooms are not overly large but more than adequate, well-furnished, comfortable beds, with a good desk and very fast Internet service. The food in the lobby restaurant is OK, but the restaurant is over-crowded at peak times, and service then can be slow to nonexistent, although this isn't a disaster as most everything is buffet style. The other hotel services are good, as is the location. Not bad, but it could easily be better.	
Nov 11 2007 	great location	Great location at the end of the pedestrian mall on Wangfujing in Bejing. You can walk to the Fobidden City. The hotel is definitely not &quot;5 Stars&quot; as advertised but it is very nice and clean. The staff is very helpful and the beds are very comfortable. We enjoyed this hotel very much and definitely recommend it. Beware of the exhorbitant fees the business center charges.	
Oct 28 2007	Great Location	The hotel is located on Wangfujing Ave, which was like the Vegas Strip or Time Square. Tiananmen square and the Forbidden city were a 15 mins walk.	
Oct 20 2007	Supereior amenities excellent service few smiles	Difficult to be disappointed with the beautifully appointed rooms and bath facilities. This hotel is newly refurbished and has the feel and look of a four plus star hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great hotel for the price and location	We stayed here Sept 16-21 and I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants a reasonable price in central location. The room was very nice and modern, Flat plat TVs, updated bathrooms and Clean duvet covelets instead of bedspreads. They had a great breakfast buffet for both east and west appetites. The hotel is 15 minutes from Tiananmen Square and forbidden city. Once you come out of the hotel Watch for students(young adults) trying to get you to try some tea or see paintings. They are scams to get your money.	
Sep 27 2007 	Great location	Booked this via Cathay Pacific holidays departing from HK, which was cheaper than we could've bought the flights and room separately on the net. We stayed two nights, then left Beijing, then returned for a night. Basically, this is a refurbished 4-star place in a great location. The rooms are of a good, rather than exceptional, standard. Ask for a room that looks onto the street, rather than internally into the atrium (see photo). I didn't hear any traffic noise (though could hear the TV from the next room in the morning). There are separate non-smoking and smoking floors. The gym is small and basic: two treadmills, two bikes and four machines. A bench press. Dumbells go up to 50 pounds. The pool is also small, but adequate, and there's also a steamroom and sauna. It'll do a basic workout but not much more. I thought the staff were helpful: they ensured the taxi drivers knew which destination we wanted to get to, and wrote it down for them; they gave accurate information about restaurants (e.g the Dadong restaurant, which is meant to have the best duck in town); they called our next hotel to find out where we were to be dropped off. The location is, as others have mentioned, excellent. Right on Wangfujing, so a 5 to 10 minute walk to the night market, the shops and Oriental Plaza (which is where the nearest subway stop is). It's about 20 minutes to Tiananmen Square or to the northern entrance to the Forbidden City. I think the place is well-situated and good value for money. That said, I think I'll treat myself to a more upmarket place next time in I'm in Beijing.	
Sep 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel in Great Location	This is the 3rd time I've stayed at this hotel. The location is very good, within a short walking distance to a great walking street with lots of shops and restaurants. The first two times I stayed here it was 2003, but I just came back with my husband in September 2007 and the rooms have been completely renovated. They are extremely clean and modern looking with all of the amenities you could want. It wouldhave been nice to get free internet service but accessing the internet from your room was only 100 yuan per 24 hours. I highly recommend staying at the hotel, but wouldn't eat at the Cantonese restaurant - it's way overpriced and not very good. We booked the hotel through Travel China Guide. I tried to do a comparison of booking through them and booking on our own and it seemed to be aboutthe same.	
Sep 5 2007	Very nice hotel outstanding position!	I've stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, club level room. The hotel is pleasant, very conveniently located on the main shopping street and about 20 minutes on foot away from Tienanmen Square. Anyway, taxis are really cheap in Beijing, so even if you have to reach the financial district you won't spend more than 30 RMB: cheap indeed!I booked a club level room; check in was smooth, and my room was ready even if I arrived very early in the morning: by 9 am I was already enjoying a bath in my bathroom, after having had a buffet breakfast at the club lounge.The room was nice: big, comfortable bed, ample working space, big bathroom with separate bathtub and shower tub. All the Crowne Plaza amenities were present. In-room broadband internet was complimentary for club level guests, a plus indeed.Club lounge was nice, and food quality there - from breakfast to happy hour - was excellent. Unusually, you had to serve most of the drinks by yourself, which could be convenient if you are a heavy drinker :)Staff was welcoming, even though not very helpful. I was charged twice for a room I had already paid, just because my old credit card was expired. Then I will have to ask them for a refund once I get back home! I just can't understand this stuff, it really pissed me off. This is why I give a neutral grade to the hotel, and not a positive one.Gym was small, but well equipped. Swimming pool was adequate, and I appreciated the whirpool and the free solarium. Sauna and steam room were present too.Buffet breakfast at the main cafe was very good indeed! Great selection of food, nice!All in all, the hotel is a solid 4 stars, but the service I received (being charged twice!) was simply not acceptable.Rating: hotel: B++service: C+	
Sep 3 2007 	Crowne Plaza Beijing	Good place, at least 4 star. Nice accomodations. This was my second stay in past year there, and the maintainance is still good. Could work on bar business, but western breakfast excellent.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good location...	Busy hotel as centrally located. Front desk staff are 'functional', don't expect a smile from them. Same goes for the Coffee House. Smiles only comes from the porters who seem to have the right attitude and are very accommodating.My room was comfortable, clean and fitted with all amenities. It's a 5 star hotel alright but the staff are really 2 star!I would still recommend this hotel as it's in a convenient location...	
Aug 6 2007 	a nice hotel makes your stay much better !!	This is the first time I rate a hotel with 5 yellows : Excellent.All is good in this hotel : the location on Wangfujing street in the center, the rooms, the pool, the elevators, and above all the service, they are always ready to help you.The only bad point is the price for internet : 20 dollars US an hour !!	
Aug 6 2007 	Well located nice accommodation	The Hyatt it isn't but for what you pay it is very good accommodation.Reception staff speak and understand the English that they have learned, this does not allow for the understanding of out of the ordinary situations. They do their job well enough.The basic rooms are clean, spacious and well facilitated and the bathrooms follow suit. The cleaning staff did their job well. The supply of bottled water to clean one's teeth was a nice touch.The restaurant staff were somewhat overly attentive and often appeared confused by requests made. There was very little available to choose from on the wine list. Most products listed were 'not currently available' or they had 'just run out' . We also found it was the same with certain types of beer listed - not available.The location was perfect as a departure point for seeing many of the Beijing tourist attractions.Breakfast, though with plenty of variety, was just not quite right. The juices, as an example, seemed to be like facsimilies of themselves. They had a slimy texture. The breads were excellent but the cooked offerings, again, had something not quite right about them. Maybe this is the case across China where the local ingredients used seem to come across with a different taste and texture to elsewhere?	
Jul 18 2007 	Great place to stay.	I stayed at the CP in Beijing for 3 nights in early July of 2007. I had previously been in Qingdao for business and decided to fit a few days of R&amp;R in on the way back home.The hotel itself is great. I'm not going to rant and rave about it - but it was very nice. I stayed in a &quot;Club&quot; level room, and it was nice - but I didn't feel like it was anything to really go nuts about. It was an interior room, so the windows looked out over the restaurant and lobby. The chair at the desk wasn't very nice and the internet cord didn't reach very far. The bathroom was AMAZING with seperate soaking tub and even a sitting area (?). I would have rather my room have a bigger sofa or something have a place to sit in the bathroom. The buffet was very good. Reading the reviews about breakfast there I was expecting to be blown away. Don't get me wrong - it was very nice, but I didn't think it was *that* special. The location is AWESOME. The service is AWESOME. Definetly go the Great Wall, but not in an organized tour. Ask the concierge to book a car for you. Its about $20 more than going on a group tour and takes 4 hours less (no stops that I didn't care about seeing and no &quot;special&quot; shopping spots), not to mention you go to a better part of the wall.A foot massage outside of the hotel (just out the front door and half a block down) costs half as much and is twice as long. $90 minutes for about $13.All in all a great place to stay. I would most likely stay there again - but would read reviews of other hotels as well, first. Overall - its a great, safe, bet.	
Jul 14 2007 	Stay no where else	Spent 7 nights at the Crowne Plaza. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and this hotel for the money was the best. Booked a Jr. King Suite/Club floor level (approx. $180/night w/tax). The hotel was nicely decorated, the room was large with stall shower and separate tub/shower. Bed, linen and towels were top-notch. Best thing was the LOCATION. Close to major shopping, night food market, good places to eat and taxis were cheap to everywhere since the hotel is located in the central part of the city. You could walk to the Forbidden City, but the cab was only 12 RMB(about $1.60US). Conserve your energy seeing the sights and cab everywhere. Club floor privileges provides free soft drinks and beer from the mini-bar in your room and in the club lounge, one free shirt or blouse laundered/day( bring less clothes)and free breakfast. The lounge has a light breakfast, free drinks all day and light snacks in the evening. The staff were great and the club staff arranged a private car and english-speaking guide for a day out to the Great Wall (reasonable fee). We arranged for the hotel to provide a car to pick us up from the airport. It costs a bit much more then a cab( 400RMB vs. 80 RMB) but the service was worth it. We were met at the gate by an airport official who gathered our carry-ons, obtained a luggage cart and past us rapidly through immigration, health check, baggage claim and out to the waiting car without any hassles. We were on the way to the hotel within minutes of arrival. Met at the door of the hotel by a club level concerierge who arrange to have the luggage taken right to our room and us to the 8th floor club check-in where we were offered refreshments and check-in to our room within 5 minutes. Each room has two bottles of water/day and more is available in the club lounge. The free breakfast buffet is the best we have had anywhere in the US or Europe. Asian food freshly cooked, american items( bacon, eggs, omlets, cereals, etc.)european items( cheeses, meats, german sausages), 5 kinds of juices, danish, breads, pastrys, bagels. Too many items to mention. My advice, eat a huge breakfast early at the hotel, have a nice big lunch out when sightseeing or shopping in the midafternoon and have a evening snack in the club lounge. This way we were able to save money by eating only one nice meal out/day and having more money for shopping. Late evening stroll to the night food market just south of the hotel for a snack of scorpions-on-a-stick or silkworm larvae on-a-stick or other unique items you might wish to sample. We visited some other hotels while in Beijing (more expensive ones such as the St. Regis) but none were as nice with the great location as the Crowne Plaza. We would stay here again without question and could not find anything to complain about.	
Jul 14 2007 	Crowne Plaza Beijing is superb	The hotel is greatly located at the end of the big shopping street Wangfujing. We had club floor rooms and they cost al little more but have some great extra's like free internet free soda (in room and lounge) free washing of a shirt per day. Free breakfast in the lounge or the buffet. You're own check in desk.The rooms are very nice and have all the comforts you need and more. Personall is very friendly and try to speak english ;-)Location is very good you just walk out and are on the mayor shopping street. We could walk to forbidden city, and tianmen sqaure. Breakfast is good. The only bad thing: we had to leave...	
Jun 24 2007 	Nice Hotel Bad Service	My room was very nice. It was clean and comfortable and quiet. It was also walking distance to the Forbidden City (it's kind of a long walk though). The hotel service was terrible. The concierge service was worthless. Every time I asked for a restaurant recommendation they seemed surprised that I'd be asking such a question, and their recommendation was never very good. I'd stay here again because the hotel is very nice, but I wouldn't rely on the concierge. If you do talk to the concierge, talk to one of the older guys and not the bell boys.	
May 26 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Great Location	I had a great stay at the Crowne Plaza Beijing. The location is excellent. It is walking distance to great restaurants, historic sights, excellent shopping. The hotel is beautiful, having been recently renovated. The rooms have an excellent decor and include amenities such as a flat panel TV with many channels in several languages. The electrical outlets each have the two different Chinese plug types, and they include a power strip that accepts almost any type of electrical plug so your power converter is bound to work. The beds were comfortable with 3 different types of pillows. I had a view of Wangfujing Dajie from my window, but there was no noise to bother my sleep.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The wrote address of where I wanted to go on a hotel card in Chinese characters so the taxi driver would know where to go and the card included the name and address of the hotel so you could easily get back. The hotel bell person wrote the number of the taxi on your card in case there was any problem. They also made sure the taxi driver understood where you wanted to go.Others here have bragged on the breakfast buffet here, but I am not one for that type of huge breakfast, so I walked a short distance to the McDonald's for an egg McMuffin. Another interesting food choice is the night food street off Wangfujing Dajie. A very interesting place to get some Chinese food.	
May 20 2007	Very Very nice hotel w/ fabulous buffet breakfast	Stayed 3 nights when on tour with travelchinaguides.com(also excellent 5 star english tour of Beijing). Rooms are large and very quiet (1 of our 4 on street and still very quiet). Great bathrooms with great water pressure, etc.. very clean. And the breakfast buffet was as good as it gets. Stay here, you won't be disappointed.	
May 1 2007 	Crowne Plaza Beijing Hotel - A Modern-class Hub	Stay there for the first time for 3 nights at Deluxe Room City View (much larger than the Superior one). A deluxe room is more glam though with modern touch. The room has a nice bathroom and bath tub with shower. Toilet amenities are Crowne' owned products. Double Kingsize bed is comfort, with 4 comfy pillows. Room is well-lighted in modern-minimalist style, flat-screen TV, mini bar, free coffe/tea and mineral water. Broadband access is available at minimum charge. Breakfast is remarkable with varieties are wide from local chinese &amp; dim sum, japanese sushi &amp; miso soup, or continental styles - with choices of fresh fruit juices, cereals, yoghurts, chesee, jams, cakes, croissant, sandwiches and bread in the buffet. The breakfast venue is at the ground floor towards a window glasses on the road side of Wang Fujing, the decoration is mixed modern classic. Staffs are attentive though with some language barrier. Location is premier,easy to get taxis with minimum fare to go to anywhere in the city. It is located in the busiest city in Beijing where all big shopping centers, shops and eateries are within walking distance. Though a nearest subway station is about 1 km and to Tian An Men square is about 1.5 km. Sun Dong An shopping mall is 5 minutes walk and Quan Ju De restaurant with its famous Beijing Duck is reachable by 10 minutes walk. Checking-in &amp; checking-out are fast and efficient though might be a bit waiting due to overcrowded guests. Overall, it is one of the best hotel choosen by the executives in Beijing nowadays. Nevertheless it is a good choice for leisure travellers too.	
Apr 21 2007 	Loved it......	This was a fabulous hotel!location: easy access to the major beiing attractionsfoyer: beautiful, open and spacious.room: bed...huge, bathroom.. beautiful. Had all the fixtures and fittings you could want.restaurant: breakfast was good, but expensive by beijing standards.staff: fabulously friendly especially the door staff and conceierge. We wanted to go to a pearl store, they found the best, called the cab, explained to the driver. perfectly smooth.cost: we paid $120AUD a night, we got above and beyond for that price.Would definitely stay here again!Only one comment (not about hotel), we organised tours before leaving Australia, they are shocking, 12 hours of visits to factories! Best idea is through the concierge to hire a driver for the day to take you to the Great Wall etc, cheaper and more informative!	
Apr 15 2007 	A Wonderful Hotel and a Great Base for Beijing Touring	Booked this hotel for four nights in April (07) based on the feedbackfrom TripAdvisor reviewers. As always, this paid off - The Crowne Plaza Beijing is a lovely, modern hotel situated on Wangfujing Avenue, one of the best shopping areas in the city and widely known by drivers, guides and taxis city-wide. This last factor, its noteriety, is particulary valuable to a foreign tourist. I stayed on a Club Floor, with access to the lounge for breakfast and cocktails. This was a nice amenity, as the ample buffet was always just down the corridor and opened at 6:30 a.m. Club Floor staff also assisted with airline questions, check in-out, and other questions. The rooms were huge, with very comfortable king-sized beds and nicelyappointed (huge, too) bathrooms. The latter with shower room, large tub and a wide array of personal items. I found hotel staff to be friendly and extremely courteous. Most staff could speak a little English, allowing you to communicate and get answers. The travel office was very helpful in confirming airlinereservations and the business center helped pack and ship items to my home. (A word to the wise - this service does not includebubble wrapping, etc., so make sure to pack all items carefully as they will be roughly handled on the trip home.) The entry attendants always made sure that taxis were properly instructed on your destination, and they always provided a business card with the hotel's name and address and your destination in Chinese to you. The only criticism I have is with the currency exchange service. This is perfomed at the front desk, where it is often very busy. On more than one occassion, I was asked to return later in the day to exchange money because they had run out of RMB. This was a major inconvenience.Overall, I would rate this hotel higher than the Tian Lun Dynasty Hotel, located across the street on Wangfujing. I stayed there duringthe same time period last year. While both hotels offer excellent rooms, the service, food and overall appearance of the Crowne Plaza. for me anyway, rates higher. Enjoy your time in Beijing - and give every consideration to spendingit at the Crowne Plaza. P.S. If you need the name of a terrific tour guide and driver, pleasefeel free to contact me -	
Apr 2 2007 	Excellent experience	Date : March 25 - April 1We stayed one week in this nice hotel for tourism, and were very satisfied with our Club room.We appreciated very much the good location of the hotel,the very friendly staff, the spacious room and bathroom and the nice morning and evening buffets.The hotel is very professionally managed by europeans. We really can't find any negative comment and are very sincere in our recommandation. Excellent price/quality.Rita REDIG Belgium	
Mar 15 2007 	Great place and location	I spent 30 nigths at Crown Plaza Hotel in a standard room. ROOM: The room is very clean, there are many English channels on TV the airconditioning works preatty well and the bath is good as well. It also has internet access and you may receive the newspaper daily. BREAKFAST: Very nice with a lot of options, fruits, milk, sausages, eggs, bacon, pasta, etc.... LOCATION: Very good location at Wangfuging Street. You may walk 10min and take the METRO to other areas in Beijing. Along the street there are some restaurants, shoppings, etc... STAFF: Very kind and helpfull. If you want, you may book in adavance a car to pick you up at the airport (~50min far from the hotel)	
Mar 7 2007	loved it perfect location people are very nice  good food and near city center	very professional and nice people to deal with the crown plaza is a perfect location down town beijing near the nightly food vendors and all the down town city life , very clean, walking distance to the forbidden city and tianemen square, not a lot of people speack english in china but they are trying too....	
Mar 2 2007 	Great value very nice property	Although we only stayed one night (during a weekend trip to Beijing for Chinese New Year), we found the hotel to be very nice. The rooms are very nicely appointed, with a well designed layout and 4 to 5 star finishes. We made the most of the breakfast buffet which offered a large selection of tasty Asian and western items. The staff was friendly and the check in/out process was a breeze.	
Feb 28 2007	Very Nice Stay	My fiance and I stayed here for a week during New Year's week in Beijing. I found the room to be very clean and very comfortable. The bed was very nice, and it was very easy to fall asleep even though we were both sore from all the walking that we did during the trip. We had a prepaid breakfast plan, which was a really good value. The breakfast is a buffet that has many western and chinese items. The gym was a little small but adequate, and I enjoyed the hot tub and the sauna. The gym also supplies you with free bottled water, which is great, because you can't drink the water at all in China. The room itself has free bottled water in the bathroom. The service at the hotel was good, the concierge was helpful at finding us taxis, even finding us cheaper taxis than were at the hotel. The location is pretty good, we had a short walk to the subway, the Forbidden Palace and several shopping malls. The only drawback to the location is that it is very touristy, which in itself isn't so bad, but many people will try to target you for scams, which are plentiful. So I would recommend this hotel highly for its value, service, location and cleanliness.	
Jan 22 2007 	More a 4 than a 5 star hotel	Well, we were very enthousiastic after reading the Trip Advisor Reviews about this hotel. We have experienced some problems though. First the positive elements. The location is perfect. Close to just any tourist attraction in central Beijing. Great lobby. Helpful concierges. The price was very good for a 5 star hotel. Quality of services provided better match a 4 star hotel though.Some negative points: everyday exactly the same breakfast, small electrical shocks all day and everywhere possibly caused by the carpet, small rooms, the airconditioning out of order - killing for a smoking room - , carpet a little bit dirty, medieval procedures, housekeeping twice forgotten, not so costumerfriendly frontdesk with regard to family-wishes (skip the ladies there - the guys are allright!),a small pool with very cold water (28 degrees - no way!), an old-fashioned spa-facility - we have had better four star hotels.We loved Beijing and would only come back for a big discount-price.	
Jan 7 2007 	Excellent experience	Stayed here for three nights in late December '06 and then again for two nights in early Jan '07. 1st time was at the 'business' rate which included breakfast, free broadband, and a free massage. The wife was 'duped' into a full massage which required more money whereas I stuck to the free massage (we had two rooms). So you can get the free massage despite the overwhelming desire of the massage people to up sell. Broadband worked OK but the 'great fire wall' (---) means, of course, that access outside China is limited and, for example, the BBC website is blocked. I had difficulty is sending mail though downloading was fine. The 2nd visit we had ordinary rooms which didn't include the freebies. Internet access (which cost 69 RMB for 24 hrs) was awful but I guess that was due to the general internet issues throughout the far east due to the earthquake on Dec 26th.Both times the rooms were excellent and the beds very comfortable. Pool is small but the Jacuzzi works well. Can't think of anything else to add except to support everyone else's positive comments on the hotel. In terms of general travel round there were five of us. Our 1st trip in from the airport was a costly affair in a mini van at 400RMB. However we haggled with the man and booked him to take us to the Ming Tombs and the Great Wall of China (have a good guide book with you) and that cost us 1,000 for the day of mini-van and driver. Thereafter we got an airport rate of 300 RMB which is probably over the top but the guy was reliable.	
Jan 5 2007 	Very good	Realy a great hotel. We stayed 3 days in this hotel and were impressed. Great hotel. Great location.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great experience!	I stayed in the hotel on business for 2 weeks. I can't fault the hotel in any way at all! Everyone was so friendly and helpful and the hotel is right at the end of Wangfujing - so very central for shopping. My room was excellent. I would recomend this hotel to anyone - wonderful experience :-)	
Dec 26 2006 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel. Rooms are good size-seem recently updated-everything in good conditon and bed was great. Great selection of tv channels. Staff was very helpful- lobby was large and nice. Not crazy about rooms overlooking lobby but we looked out at the city. Great location. Lots of places to eat nearby and near vendors to bargain and get quick, cheap gifts.We booked a half day tour of the Great Wall through the hotel. This was fine- a half day is really all you need. Only complaint was our tourguide-he was not very good. Talked the whole time but never really explained anything. Unfortunately, I do not remember his name.	
Dec 19 2006 	Great hotel Great location	We stayed in here from December 6 to 10, 2006 and found the hotel excellent in every respect. We had a suite so breakfast, club, soft drinks and local beer was included - my only complaint here is the club has no food until 5.30. Our room was modern, clean, very comfortable (the bes is great) and the free internet a plus. We had to ask for harder pillows but then neither of us like feather. I gave the hotel a 5 star rating as service was excellent, all staff helpfull and we inted to go back.	
Dec 17 2006 	Terrific Hotel	Spent 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza in Novemer. The hotel definitely met our expectations. We have no complaints and only positive feedback. The location was terrific... the local shopping was plentiful. The night food market is a must see. Very long walk to the entrance of Forbidden City. Ok for young people, taxi ride for those with limited time or physical limitations.We only ate the hotel restaurant once for breakfast due to early morning tour. We booked a tour through the tour desk in the hotel... this was a little pricey, but we were traveling with my elderly mother, and the convienence was worth the price.Thanks to another review, we arranged for pick up service prior to our arrival. Having never traveled to Asia, and not knowing what to expect...it was a relief to have someone from the hotel meet us upon our arrival at our arrival gate with a wheelchair for my mother and basically walk us through customs, to our awaiting vehicle with direct service to the hotel.We would definitely recommend the Crown Plaza. We did not have a Club room, but our room was fantastic. Plasma tv, marble bathroom with tub/shower, comfortable beds, robes and slippers too. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great Hotel Great Staff	The Crowne Plaza Beijing is a great base for touring Beijing. The Forbidden City is well within walking distance and many restaurants, sites and markets are a short walk or cab ride away.The hotel is much like any other four/five star hotel you will encounter in Asia. We asked for an outside facing room after reading previous posts about the noise from the piano and entertainment. The room was very new and the amenities/bed were great. The fixtures and furniture were very modern and a pleasant surprise.We did eat at the restaurant (western lobby restaurant) on one occasion and were happy with the selection and quality of the food. We ventured outside the hotel for most of our meals and had a great experience in Beijing.Upon arrival in Beijing, our airline lost my wifes baggage. We mentioned this when checking in and they took down our baggage claim number and stated they would follow up on our behalf. Not only did they follow up, they provided us with frequent updates and advised when the bag was found and provided an accurate timeline of when it would arrive at the hotel. Great job.We visited the Great Wall and Summer Palace in one day by hiring a taxi for the day. We negotiated a flat rate directly with a taxi driver outside the hotel and were happy with the experience. We also visited a foot massage place right outside the hotel. It cost very little for a 90 minute foot/leg massage and got rid of the jet lag and sore feet right away. Highly recommended for any traveller.Another thing we did discover once we left Beijing and arrived in Hong Kong. The shopping in Beijing is much better and cheaper than Hong Kong. The Silk Market, Eye Glass Market and Pearl Market are must see attractions!	
Dec 4 2006 	One of the best in that vicinity	I got the opportunity to stay at the Crowne Plaza as part of my recent visit to China. There are 2 Crowne Plaza properties in Beijing and this one is on Wangfujing Avenue - one of the main shopping areas. Upon arrival I was greeted by name and escorted to my room for a personalised check in. I had an executive suite on the 6th floor. The suite was birght and nicely decorated. It had a living room with a dining area of good size with a guest toilet. It led to the bedroom with a king sized bed and a large toilet with spearate shower, jacuzzi and quality toiletry products. The bedroom had a small space in the corner which was meant as a working area with a desk, fax machine, free high speed internet connection and cordless telephone. There was a balcony as well but was locked up and in any case it was a freezing 1 degree temperature outside! The staff were excellent in their approach and efficiency and any call to housekeeping etc meant a swift response. The club floor lounge was on the 8th floor and had excellent staff members. Usual club floor priviliges included free breakfast- the choice was either in the lounge or the restaurant downstairs for a wider variety. Free drinks all day and evening snacks were present. Other benefits included 1 piece of laundry, free local calls, free internet and free soft drinks from the mini bar- making it a really beneficial package. The location of the hotel is excellent and it was nice to walk out and stroll into the shopping area. You can also access the food street which is an experience in itself to see snakes, scorpions, silk worms, centipedes and beetles on skewers and munched by many tourists!! The staff were extremely cooperative and even accepted my late check out request without any charge. I have nothing but excellent praise of the hotel and would love to return again in the near future.	
Nov 18 2006	Crowne Plaza was lovely	The Crowne Plaza offered many good things for most of the people in my group. We loved the breakfasts, the rooms were always clean and the overall feel of the hotel was safe and respectable.There were a few things that travelers should know however.One person was right in saying the towels do not dry you! We used the bathrobes. Seems like a little thing until you need them.The other was the cashing of travelers checks which was next to impossible. It seems they are not affiliated with a major bank yet and so the time spent rewriting your name EXACTLY the way you signed the check to begin with, meant you may not get any money at all, exp if it is Visa traveler checks. It was a big hassle!Also if on the club floor, you will find two types of rooms.One with a hugh tub in the middle of the bathroom with two doors to enter and a big room, and the other is even less nice than the standard renovated rooms on floor 2. Be sure to check.Of course standard rooms do not offer the club floor amneities which were very nice and the people were great.All in all we had a great time and will return again I'm sure	
Nov 16 2006	Very Pleasant Stay	The best thing about the Crowne Plaza was the friendly, competent service I received from everyone - front desk, concierge, housekeeping, travel agency.The room was pleasant and comfortable, although the bathroom was tiny - and I was just one person!The location was fine, however next time I would stay elsewhere. The generic commercial shopping strip outside gets real tired real fast. The nearby food street was lots of fun though.I did not find the hotel to be a convenient walking distance to either the subway or the Forbidden City, and I am an avid walker. Subway - 15 minutes at a brisk pace (through a VERY crowded street), Forbidden City - 25+ minutes. Take a cab - they're cheap and readily available. But be sure you have the hotel name written in Chinese - I had no English speaking cab driver in 5 days.	
Oct 31 2006 	Perfect for new arrivals	Perfect place to begin a holiday in China. Clean, comfy, modern rooms with huge beds, great bathrooms and good range of TV channels to combat the jet-lag boredom! Excellent location, it's possible to walk to the Forbidden City &amp; Tinanamen Square from here although it takes a while and journeys at night might be better taken in a taxi. Although we didn't go into the main restaurant for dinner they seem to have a large selction of fresh seafood there in tanks and the breakfasts were very good. The Travel Centre in the hotel is very good, they will help with just about anything including calling ahead to other hotels for you but be aware that their day trips to the Great Wall etc will include a detour via a jade factory or a porcelain rip-off shop......	
Oct 29 2006 	Excellent place	Really enjoyed out stay here. Booked based upon good reviews on tripadvisor and that you could get good advance room rates and was very satisfied. Comfortable, modern rooms at good prices (if booked in advance, at least). Would recommend to anyone else. Rooms very light, modern and very comfortable - just what you need when you get to a strange city after a long flight. Cable TV channels (HBO etc) are also welcome if you're awake at odds times with jet lag.Location of hotel is fine. On on Beijing's main shopping strips which is perfectly pleasant. Takes a bit of a walk to get to main tourist sites but taxis are cheap and plentiful in Beijing so whilst walking is pleasant enough don't spend you're precious time walking just to get from A to B (or walk the first few times maybe and taxi from there!).Only niggles were ridiculously expensive extras at hotel like laundry and internet which is expected to an extent at hotels like this but still comes as a suprise. I just don't think it's neccessary to trip to rip people off so much when they are in the door!Would completely recommend staying here to anyone going to Beijing.	
Oct 16 2006 	Loved the Stay	After reading millions of review I decided to book crown plaza, beijing. Stayed at the club floor. We got a smoking floor, but didn't even know until our last day. Couldn't smell any smoke. Stayed nights. Beds were comfortable. Not many hotels in China has two double beds. This place did! Our attendants on our floor were very helpful. It's nice to have good service. We didn't have to deal with anyone at the lobby front desk. Everything was done on our floor. I highly recommend this place. It felt a bit like home after being abroad for a long long time.	
Oct 4 2006 	Very very nice.	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights recently with my wife and was very happy with the hotel.First of all, its important to note that this hotel seems to have recently undergone a complete rennovation, so any past reviews about the hotel aging are no longer relevant in my opinion.Our room was a standard king room and was beautifully appointed. The room was a fair size, very comfortable bed and it had a 30&quot; or so widescreen LCD TV. It also had very affordable broadband internet (less than $10 per day). The bathroom was trully beautiful, had seperate shower and bath and had the best shower head I have ever had in any hotel, period.One thing to note. We had rooms on the outside, but there are also rooms with windows onto the lobby atrium. This might bother some people so I recommend they ask for an outside room.The hotel bar was very nice, and we got a complimentary drink on arrival, but we didn't eat in any of the hotel's restaurants.The Hotel health club, includes indoor pool, jacuzzi, sauna (wet and dry) and some gym equipment I didn't use. They also offer various kinds of massage in your room or in their special massage rooms. My wife and I both had European oil massage which was wonderful, the masseuse was extremely talented.The hotel's location is probably its best feature of all. Its walking distance from Tiannenmen Square and the Forbidden city (be warned that the Forbidden City is undergoing extensive rennovations for the 2008 Olympics) and for shopping its located right on Wangfujing which is one of the main shopping streets in Beijing with a number of excellent malls and specialty shops. Its also where the night food market is and Snack Street.After 2 nights we transferred to the China World Hotel since I had 3 nights vouchers for there through my frequent flyer program, but I have to say the Crowne Plaza was probably our favorite of the 2 excellent hotels since it had an atmosphere of being more friendly and intimate. The Concierge were especially helpful in comparison.The Crowne Plaza gets my warmest recommendation.	
Oct 1 2006 	Excellent all round hotel	This hotel would be hard to beat for its location, price and service. It is based at the north end of Wangfujing where all of the main shops are. Tiannamen Square, Forbidden City and the Night Food market are within 15 minutes walk or a 30 RMB taxi ride. The service was impecable, the food excellent and the atrium is a lovely area for afternoon chinese tea which is beautifully served. The bar is also quite hip and has a happy hour each day. On leaving the hotel, beware of chinese students wanting to talk to you. They are very friendly, however they will all try to goad you to a chinese caligraphy exhibition!	
Sep 30 2006 	This hotel is nothing special	I would've thought that if you booked two rooms in the same name with two of the family members being children, that they might think that you may want to be at the least nearby, at the most, interconnected. No. No. No. I had even contacted them in advance to check this but we weren't even on the same floor! And surprise surprise, the only two rooms they had that were interconnected meant upgrading to a club floor and then, guess what? We finally got to our interconnecting rooms to discover that they weren't interconnected despite being assured many times that they were.Our rooms were nice and they did give our son a very nice cake on his birthday (after asking) and the concierge in the club lounge was great (as opposed to the one at the front desk) but I can't see what all the fuss is about here. It is just another hotel and in my opinion, nothing special.	
Sep 26 2006 	Hard to beat!	I've stayed here twice -- once in 2004 and again this year, both for at least 5 days. I've been uniformly happy with both stays. All things considered, the Crowne Plaza at Wangfujing is hard to beat. Rooms and service are excellent. Beds are large and comfortable. The pool, hot tub and sauna are terrific for relaxing after a long day of sightseeing or business meetings. They also weren't very busy when I was there.Breakfast is excellent if you decide to include it (that said, you can get good food outside for a lot less money). The location is perfect -- on the premier shopping street in Beijing, within walking distance to the Forbidden City, and with lots of food options in the area, including the famous night food market.The hotel seems well staffed with people who are eager to help. It provides wireless internet and has an excellent business lounge with a complimentary happy hour for business rate guests as well.	
Sep 16 2006 	A very good hotel	A very good hotel in a great location, right in the centre of Beijing within easy reach of all the main site seeing locations.The check in was one of the best I have ever had after arriving in the morning from an overnight flight when all you want to do is get to a room for a couple of hours rest. They where expecting me, greeted me by name and showed me straight to the room that was already awaiting me and checked me in in the room. The room has recently been refurbished the bed was really comfortable I wish I could take it home. I had a room on the outside on the 8th floor and was not bothered by the piano or any outside noise. The room was very spacious with an excellent bath and shower. Free drinks and nibbles are served in the club lounge in the evening which has free broadband. It is well worth paying the extra to get the services of the club lounge the service and help from the staff there was exceptional they could not do enough for you.I also used the services of the concierge who where very good and had an excellent trip out to the great wall and the Ming tombs.Taxis are very cheap to use and they all used the meter when getting one from the hotel they fill out a card with the details of the taxi tell the driver where you want to go. For getting back to the hotel just show the driver the card and as long as he can ready or understand the map he will get you back with out a problem. Apart from Breakfast I did not have any meals in the hotel, I would highly recommend a visit to the Crystal Jade Palace Restaurant which is on the lower floor of Oriental Plaza for service value for money and quality for food and would avoid the Thai restaurant which was in the same location this was the worst meal I had in Beijing it was over priced tried to charge 20% service charge which was not on the menu, poor service and terrible food.I could not find any faults in the hotel I hope they maintain the same level of service. If returning to Beijing I would most defiantly return to this Hotel.	
Sep 7 2006 	Grat Stay Shame About The Piano	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 1-8 August 2006. We prepaid and got a very reasonable rate for a Club room on a non smoking floor. I would recommend this option if you can afford it because the Club Lounge provides free nibbles and drinks during happy hour which is from 18.00-20.00 hrs. Also, during the day it is open for free tea and coffee and of course that is where the broadband internet is.The hotel has been completely refurbished and is a delight to behold. Location is second to none and is probably one of its strongest selling points.If you want to see The Wall, contact the concierge and ask them to get Robert for you. He has his own car and will take you out for the day at a cost of only RMB600. The guy is a delight ,well mannered, speaks very good English and drives like he still values staying alive.Breakfast was good, great selection, and excellent service.One negative point is the infamous piano. From about 6.00pm-22.45pm, various pianists play in the lobby each evening.The sound rises of course and because we had chosen an inside room that overlooked the lobby, it was very loud and very intrusive. It just amazes me that the management of the hotel would not have realised this. So, if you are not turned on by piano music for almost five hours each evening, either choose an outside room or find another hotel!	
Sep 4 2006 	Great stay excellent position super b'fast buffet!	This hotel has just undergone a complete renovation (early 2006) and is now one of the few establishments in Beijing so well located (next to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square) right on Wangfuxing Street, the Ginza of Beijing - AND has nice staff ! I was there on business at the end of August - and had a great stay! The rooms are well done with big double beds and 4 enormous pillows, and a bath / shower etc where the plugs actually work and the water is hot ! There's a flat screen TV in the room with BBC / CNN etc and decent amenities with soap and shampoo / bath gel that doesn't smell like detergent....Excellent air-conditioning too which means cold when the dial is at 15 degrees! The desk staff were very quick and efficient - and smiling. The only trouble was with the plastic door card which sometimes did not work.......but I was told it could be due to the proximity of a mobile phone or credit cards both of which I had in the same pocket.......no mobile, no problem! The buffet breakfast was fine and the staff all determined one spoke English (probably to improve theirs) and also enjoyed your breakfast with frequent refills of coffee or tea! I have stayed here 4 and 2 years ago and the improvements make this a real favorite if you need a central hotel. This one is highly recommended!	
Aug 20 2006 	Good	Stayed here from August 7-9. The hotel lobby and staff were among some the best I encountered in China. Rooms were pleasant and well decorated, and the lobby was very nice. It felt like a nice business hotel in the US or Europe, and given the location its a great place to stay while in Beijing.The location is perfect for visiting Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City, as well as shopping at the night markets and on Wangfujing. Taxis are extremely unexpensive but make sure you get a small card from the hotel with the hotel's name in Chinese characters for the rides back. There are several bars and restaurants in the hotel, but I didnt try any of them.I arranged for a car service to the Great Wall, and the concierge was very helpful in speaking to the company for me and arranging all the details. On the other hand, one night went to the concierge to ask for a recommendation to get Peking duck... the recommendations werent great.On the downside, the business centre is way too expensive, and the travel agency wasnt as helpful as we would have hoped. The massage salon next door as well seemed to be overly aggressive... couldnt walk by without being hounded for a massage.Overall though for the price and value you'll have a hard tme finding a better hotel in Beijing. Especially if you're coming to visit and not on business, this seems like the perfect place to stay.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great Stay!	My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Beijing from July 13 to 15. We selected this property because of it's location, price and quality. We were very impressed with our stay.It costs about 100-110 RMB to take a legal metered taxi from the airport to this hotel. Upon arrival, we were pleasantly greeted by the front staff. We were immediately directed to the club floor check-in as we had booked a club floor room. Once I reached the club floor, I was welcomed by name.Our room was quite nice and larger than expected.. and the bathroom was ... even larger! In-room safe is provided, as well as a small fridge stocked with complimentary drinks (which are labeled). Bed was comfortable.Club Business Center was very useful because there was a computer terminal available to surf the Net and check email. Some of the club staff were quite exceptional (Angela and Jerry), while others seemed a little less helpful. It was nice to swing by the Club Room to grab free water and drinks, especially with such hot summers. However, I would NOT recommend eating breakfast here. I would recommend going to Essence for the complimentary breakfasts. However, that being said, I found Essence to be only average, but at least there was a larger selection of average food.The hotel is just north of the 'busy' part of Wangfujing. As others have mentioned, this is more like a North American shopping strip. However, at night, it's quite nice to go to the Donghuamen Night Market (which crosses Wangfujing) to see the nice assortment of foods (e.g. scorpion skewers).The hotel is 15 mintue walk from the Forbidden City (which is under heavy renovation) and Tiananmen Square. The furthest taxi drive we took was to the Summer Palace, and that is about 70 RMB.Overall, I think the hotel is well very located, and very well priced considering the quality. I'm guessing the price is relatively low just to keep customers coming after the recent renovation. I'm sure the price will jump in 6 months or so.	
Aug 6 2006 	Decent but expected more...	I arrived in Beijing on the tail end of a business trip. And had a day and a half to see as much as possible. I selected this hotel for price and proximity to the Forbidden City, then booked it through my travel agent. There wasn't a review in Frommer's because the hotel was undergoing renovations at press time. However, all renovations have finished as of July 2006. I didn't stay on the club floor and based on other reviews, perhaps this was a mistake. I found my room to be just OK. Nice bed and bedding, but I had to call housekeeping to get my tv and desk light working and overall, I found the hotel to be a little dark and depressing. It didn't feel entirely new. Almost as if they had changed the bedding, but left the carpeting. Hard to explain.Oh and my room key didn't work well...to the point that I had to go and get a new card. This was just annoying.I will say one thing, the concierge (Tony) was great at arranging trips and car service. They sent a person to meet me at the airline gate upon arrival and arranged a car service from the airport to the hotel (I booked this the day before I arrived). The total cost was around $50 total (added to my hotel bill) and was well worth it, given the craziness at Beijing Airport and the number of people trying to solicit you. - Having someone walk you from the gate to get yr luggage and take you out to the car is a tremendous plus when you're jet lagged and arriving in a completely foreign city. The concierge also hooked me up with a small tour to the Great Wall - I only had to share a van and tour guide with 4 other tourists.Other than that, the hotel is within walking distance to the north entrance of the Forbidden City and a very short taxi ride to Tien'man Square, so convenient for the main sites. If you like shopping, it is directly across from Wangfujing Shopping Center. But this is more like shopping in American/European stores, so not somewhere you need to spend time, unless you are looking for main stream.	
Aug 6 2006 	excellent hotel and city	Just come back from Beijing, stayed 7 nights at the Crown Plaza, this is an excellent hotel, good location, spotless rooms, great service especially in the champagne bar!, booked on the hotel website and payed £400 for the room for a week, an excellent price for this level of hotel. a few tips, make sure you get a metre taxi from the airport, and that the metre is used (we had no problems with this) cost to wangfujing street should be 90/110 yuan about £7.00, and takes about 40 mins. taxi to the great wall 600 yuan, that includes waiting for as long as you like we were their about 3 hrs, recommend the wall at Mutianyu, takes about 1.5 hours to get to. Great resturant is buffalo at Houhai lake, you will have a great time in this fab city!	
Aug 3 2006 	good hotel in beijing	we have been in china during 12 days, crowne plaza beijing was our first hotel in china, well located, good and clean rooms, we reserved club rooms with 14 days in advance and we got a good price, we enjoyed the club facilities as sauna, pool, late check out, breakfast included, internet, club lounge,etc. i recomend it stronglyturmogo	
Aug 3 2006 	Loved the Crowne Plaza	The Crowne Plaza Beijing is a beautiful hotel with amazing contemporary decor. The service was excellent and the room was impecable. Location was convenient to shopping and restaurants. It is also only about a 15 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. We took a tour to the Great Wall and were picked up right at the hotel. They have an office on the 2nd floor where you can book tours. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 1 2006 	Satisfied with Service and Quality	The Crown Plaza Hotel provided a nice stay during our eight days in Beijing for business. The staff wasvery friendly and helpful. The Hotel Bunch is adequate for a blend of Western and Asian flavors. The Brazilian style restaurant serves large portions of meat, but is drastically overpriced, especially when you can leave and walk for 15 min and pay 1/4th of the price for better food. The room size provided more than enough space and the beds were our most comfortable in China. Money exchange was possible, but they were hesitant to take American Travelers Checks. Overall, this was a nice hotel experience.	
Jul 31 2006	Great location	My daughter and I stayed four nights here in July. As we were travelling independently I wanted a convenient, safe location for us - and the hotel was just that. Very near the main tourist sites, we never once felt threatened walking home even late at night.I'd booked a Club room which gave us access to the Club lounge, cocktails and food early evening etc. I actually wished I had just booked ordinary rooms! Floors 1- 6 have all been redecorated in lovely light colours with very modern, stylish fitments. Floors 7 and 8, the Club floors, have not been modernised and whilst the rooms and particularly the bathrooms are bigger, our room looked very 'tired' and, worst of all, there was a really powerful, stale smell in the corridor - enough to make you hold your breath....! Our additional problem was that we wanted twin beds - and all those rooms faced onto the inner atrium - so no natural light at all. Double-bedded rooms were fine - facing onto the road and very light.The Club lounge was actually quite small, with no views at all - but the food at breakfast was good, and it was nice to have 'free' cocktails and canapes early evening.The hotel is really well situated - at the end of the pedestrianised Wanfujing St and not too far from the subway. Easy and cheap to get a taxi to any location as well. We didnt like the hotel restaurant too much, but ate really well in restaurants nearby. If you tire of Chinese food and want something modern and upmarket, I can recommend 'The Courtyard', Superb food and lovely atmosphere and views over the back walls of the Forbidden City - a good idea to book a table (we found it recommended by The Lonely Planet).Found Beijing very polluted and hot and steamy in July - but had a great time. The people were lovely - we saw very few other Western faces and spent most of our time being photographed by Chinese!! My daughter, in particular, with her naturally long, curly hair, couldnt get away from Chinese who came up and asked very politely if they could take a picture as she was 'so beautiful and just like a doll'!!!We came across the 'art student' scam in Tianneman square, but were forewarned about it from other tripadvisor posts - so realised they were trying to get us to go to a teahouse and fork out a huge amount - beware!!We also fell foul of the tour guide trap. We 'picked up' a local guide at the Forbidden City - a really nice girl who spoke excellent English and was a great guide round what could have been a bewildering visit. We took her card and phoned to ask her to get us a taxi driver to take us to the Great Wall at Mutianyu.A driver and guide duly arrived next morning, but ten minutes in wanted to stop off at a Jade Factory. When we refused, they wouldnt speak to us the rest of the way there!! And after our 3 hour hike, wanted to stop off at a tea house and a restaurant and a market. We refused and the journey back to the hotel was in silence! I appreciate that this the way th guides get a 'kick-back' and offered to give them a large tip - but it made for an unpleasant journey.... Having said that - the Wall at Mutianyu was a great experience- get there early though; we arrived at 8am, having left at 6.30am and we were about the only people there - a magical experience. When we were coming off the Wall at midday it was like Piccadilly Circus!!!Much of Beijing is 'under wraps' at the moment, being 'done up' for the Olympics. It did make a difference to the Forbidden City, and especially the Summer Palace. The traffic and the pollution in July was really bad too - how are they going to manage to get people around the Olympic site??? But, it was a great experience - and you definitely dont need to go on an organised tour - a good guide book, hotels and destinations written out in Chinese, and a smile, got us round without any problems!!! Enjoy	
Jul 11 2006	Central Beijing Location and Quite Nice	Our group of six stayed here in early July 2006 and occupied three different units -- all were satisfactory. (We booked online at the ichotelsgroup website and experienced one problem in that the six of us were assigned one room although three were requested. A phone call however corrected the error.) One of the major pluses is that the Crowne Plaza is less than a mile from the Forbidden City, centrally located on one of Beijings main shopping streets Wangfujing which is closed to car traffic at night. A US$12 taxi fare gets you to and from the airport 45 minutes away. The train station is 2 ½ miles away. You can rent bicycles nearby -- I gave up on this idea when I saw the insane traffic.Donglaishun, a great hotpot restaurant is across the street and the Wangfujing branch of Quan Ju De Restaurant for Beijing duck is nearby. The 24-hour hotel café was handy for late night dining  the wonton soup was superb. We enjoyed the refreshing indoor pool and spa after a long day of site seeing. Money could easily be exchanged at the front desk or at the convenient ATM machine on the second floor. The recently updated rooms had ultra modern bathrooms and plasma televisions (!) with CNN plus HBO besides the Chinese stations. My only regret is that we were insulated from the local people  in my mind, we could easily have been in San Francisco, though of course paying a lot more for the same amenities. (To be perfectly honest... after a long hot day being amongst the locals and using squat toilets, I have to admit I was ready for just a touch of &quot;home&quot;)	
Jul 11 2006	Fab location great value for money 5 star service!!!	We just spent a glorious week in busy Beijing. The Crowne Plaza Beijing is situated close to the Wangfujing shopping disctrict (just metres away), The Forbidden City and Tianemen Square. The hotel has an inviting lobby with a gift shop that has some pretty decent prices - check them out before bartering with the locals in the markets. The concierge team were very helpful at all times - giving directions, helping out with phone cards (it's cheaper at the book stall on Wangfujing than from the hotel itself) and assisting with getting airport transfers. The hotel has 4 super fast and efficients lifts, and we checked into the 7th floor, one below the club lounge. the lounge is a great option - and is open from breakfast until 23H00 daily. The lounge staff are excellent, with Jerry, Cici and Vicky always on top form. The club rooms are nice, we had a king size bed which was comfy, a bathroom with separate shower (nice water pressure too) that had great products and the free laundry service (an item a day) was useful. The hotel offers few English channels, among them CNN, BBC World and CNBC. Managed to watch the World Cup action on CCTV with Chinese commentary. The hotel pub has an awesome jazz band and showed the world cup action on BIG screens. The only downer for me was the poor service at the hotel restaurant adjacent to the lobby. We had dinner there twice and both times found the service anything but 5 star, world class. This hotel has recently been renovated and whilst the outside still looks its age, the rooms, lobby and facilities have been spruced up. Beijing is getting ready for the Olympics in 2008 and the Crowne Plaza Wangfujing has stepped up to the plate to welcome inernational guests. The staff were friendly, attentive and spoke good English - and above all, made the week in Beijing memorable.... Will I go back - definately!!!	
Jul 7 2006 	Convenient with full range of services	This is the second time I've stayed here this year, each time for a week on business as I'm currently living in Shanghai. Location is central so if you've got business to the east or the west, allow time for traffic. Probably a little under an hour from the airport to hotel during top time. For tourists, the location is excellent.I book on the club floor, 8 for smokers and 7 for non, with separate check-in on 8. This gets you use of the breakfast room (also happy hour, lounge and snacks) on 8. It has a separate smoking room which for non-smokers will make a difference. The Club accomodation also gets you free broadband internet and your choice of 2 Tsing Tao or 2 soft drinks per day out of the mini-bar without additional charge.Rooms can vary in size and configuration so it's worth seeing them. The one's on the outside tend to be larger with larger bathroom facilities including such things as central bathtub, etc. On this level, it's very quiet, always a consideration in China.I've eaten at the restaurant on the ground floor, dinner buffet which I would not recommend and at the Chinese restaurant on the next level which I would recommend. English menu there as well. Lot's of restaurants of all types near-by as well.Staff on the club floor speak Mandarin and very good English. If you're a tourist and have some basic Mandarin skills, I would consider renting one of the hotel's cars. This is a feature of most of the larger hotels in China, car and driver, and it's not that expensive. The driver knows where to go, standsby while you do your thing, and then you call him on the phone when you're ready to go to your next destination. Remember in Beijing, distances are further than they appear.I give it five stars for the following reasons; location, quiet rooms, broadband which actually works, lounge/breakfast room which is pleasant and where one can work with others if needed. The Hyatt's fancier, a bit nicer in finish, etc. but it's crowded with both tourists and business people and I find it to be a bit of a zoo.	
Jul 7 2006	Credit Card fraud	We didn't get there yet, but ... We've booked through ichotelsgroup website and got an email confirmation. Few days later our credit card was overcharged, quick check online showed that the last day's weekend rate got changed to a more expensive one. A very long discussion with ichotels customer care didn't help, they said we should call CHINA to complain, as they've changed the booking. Many discussions and emails later - still no solution yet. We'll keep you updated.	
Jul 5 2006	Could not ask for more!	My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Crowne Plaza Beijing. I booked this hotel in April after reading the reviews on this site. Although it currently totes a 3 star rating, this is truly a 5 star hotel. It is newly renovated and the decor and amenities are impeccable. At $134 a night - you can't beat the service and room that you get for this price!We stayed on the club level which are the 7-9 floors. On the 8th floor is the club room which included a daily to order breakfast omelet and buffet. The one touch espresso machine is a godsend! The staff manning the club level even remember your name, room number, and drink choice by the 2nd day! We loved Jerry! He always has a smile on his face and ready to chat with you! Every evening from 6-8 is happy hour! This includes a light bar type buffet - chicken wings, celery and carrots, little finger sandwhiches and chips. Not to mention a wide selection of hard liquor, wine, and beer. The club room is very nice and we enjoyed meeting other travelers and checking our email from the two computers provided. We spent a lot of time in this room!We stayed on the 8th floor, which is considered smoking but I honestly couldn't tell it was a smoking floor, right down the hall from the club. When we first checked in we had a room on the 7th floor, which was nonsmoking as we had asked, but the room was small and didn't have a view. We went back downstairs and the staff quickly changed us to a bigger room with a view of WANGFUJING AVE. The bathroom was plush with a window seat and marble everywhereThe room was extremely clean and the turndown service was great. We did have to ask to have our refrigerator restocked with the complimentary drinks but that was no big deal!The hotel lobby and atrium are wonderfully inviting especially after a long hot day of shopping at the Pearl market, visiting Tiananmen Square, or just strolling up Wangfujing Ave. which is one of the most exciting streets in Beijing with shopping , restaurants, and outdoor cafes. My husband and I often ended the day with our translator in the Atrium bar with a great glass of Californian Shiraz - only $5 a glass and a large bowl of peanuts.All in all, you truly can not ask for more. I have stayed in more expensive and supposedly five star hotels. The staff and their willingness to make the guest feel at home is what make this hotel a must. We are already planning our next trip back to Beijing. Oh, you can get a car service to meet you at the airport from the hotel for about $45 each way! Just email the hotel using the email address provided on the hotel website and they will email you back right away.If you have any questions about Beijing in general. Feel free to email me at texanfray@yahoo.com. Please no advertisements - just serious questions about an incredible city!	
Jun 30 2006 	Excellent Staff !! Great Hotel !	I just stayed in this hotel from 23 - 25 Jun, my experience with this hotel made my stay in beijing become a wonderful memory in my live. From the moment I contacted hotel concierge for airport pick up till I left Beijing, the staff there are great!! Wtih their suggestion, I visited most beautiful part of the great wall SiMaTai, bought great stuff for myself and my family, the weekend market in PanJiaYuan is amusing! the Reception staff recommend a package with is greated value - only 19 dollars extra, I got breakfast, broadband and drinks. The girls on the club floor are sweet, they remembered what I prefered, you can really enjoy relaxe in the lounge after a long day. The DimSum in the Chinese restuarant was tasty. Certainly, I'll recommend this hotel! With their excellent staff team their, your time spend in Beijing will be more value added in.	
Jun 21 2006	Great location not so friendly staff	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. Front desk was terrible, trying to sell us room upgrade to have an early check-in at 10:30. Otherwise she told us to &quot;go away&quot; and not return until 14 o'clock. At the end we took the upgrade, which was a great deal.Room was amazing, breakfast was good, free internet conection in Business centre and jacuzzi. Location is great, taxis are very cheap in china and staff from business centre were a lot better.Watch out for the lobster buffet on Fridays. If you arrive after 20:30, no lobster for you.But I recommend anyway and would stay again.	
Jun 20 2006 	Disapointed with Business Club	We looked forward to our stay at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing based on the reviews and our recent stays at the Crowne Plaza's in Shenzhen and Incheon. Upon arrival the staff was friendly and very helpful. We went to the eighth floor to register at the business desk. We expected the usual business amenities and were told they were included, free internet, breakfast and the cocktail hour. The staff suggested we come back at 6:00 for happy hour. Upon return at 6:30 for snacks and cocktails we were informed that while we had business reservations, we were not allowed to partake in happy hour. We latter found out that while our Crowne Club Floor Business Room Benefits card indicated free internet. We would have to pay additional to log onto the internet. Enough said on this. The room was very nice and clean. Depending on your definition of a short walk, it is a good 30 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. The shopping street on the way to the Forbidden City is good. If you jump off the path there are some bargains on the side streets and a great little local restaurant area on the shopping street South of the Hotel.	
Jun 14 2006	Great location helpful staff	We recently stayed at this hotel for almost a week. We found it to be perfect for our needs. After looking at their website, I booked two rooms on the club floor. I chose the club floor because the rooms were larger, and there were several amenities included. The price difference, if I remember properly, was not very much. I used the internet connected computers in the club lounge, ate breakfast there, and had one free shirt a day laundered. The rooms seemed spacious to me, with particulrly nice bathrooms.  One little touch which I found very helpful was a little paper sleeve which the key card came in, which had a small map of Downtown Beijing, plus a list of several of the more common tourist sites written out in Chinese characters, and the hotel name written out in Chinese characters, too. Plus some more info, like taxi times to the airport, and approximate taxi fare to the airport. Really, I think this was a brilliant little &quot;freebie&quot;, and very useful since many taxis drivers don't speak English, yet taxis are so cheap you find yourself using them quite a bit. The hotel also has some helpful young women near the front door, who help you get a taxi and tell them where you are going. We used the concierge to hire a mini van and driver to take us to the Great Wall.  Would I recommend this hotel? Definitely, especailly if this is your first time in Beijing and you want to see a bunch of the most commonly visited tourist sites, since it is a handy location to Tienaman Square and the Forbidden City.	
Jun 11 2006	Perfect location loved it!	We were extremely happy both with the service and presentation of this hotel. We stayed for 5 nights on the Club floor which gave us great extras (free drinks from mini bar.. beer &amp; soft drinks, free internet, breakfast in executive lounge or breakfast restaurant, 2 hour happy hour in executive lounge with free drinks &amp; finger food) and daily laundry allowance)Our room was very spacious with a huge comfortable bed (not rock hard like many hotels) feather pillows but there was a pillow menu if you wanted something different. Nice easy chair with footrest and a large desk with swivel chair and well equiped with stationery. There was also a good bench area where tea &amp; coffee making facilites were provided including an electric kettle &amp; a coffee perculator. The bathroom was huge with an island style bath in the centre of the room, separate frameless glass shower, large vanity area and another large area for luggage with drawers underneath &amp; wardrobe.Towelling bathrobes &amp; slippers were also provided. Our room was recently renovated and personally we couldnt fault it.The indoor swimming pool &amp; spa on the top floor was nice and private &amp; 'smog' free, very well equipped changing rooms with showers, toiletries, hairdryers etc.We found the staff to be extremely friendly and would go out of their way to help. The girl in charge of Taxis at the front of the hotel was particulary friendly and would always make sure we had the number of the taxi written down and ask us how our day was when we returned. The breakfast was well varied and of a very good standard.The location is perfect, step right out onto Wangfujing street and felt totally safe at all times.We will defintely return to this hotel next time we visit Beijing and have no hesitation in recommending it others.	
May 24 2006	The location is the best	(Pls excuse my english) I am actually staying at the Crown Plaza and my impression is &quot;so lala&quot;. I stayed before at the CP Qingdao and the CP Park View Beijing. Both hotels were bedder than this one. The executive suite here is smaller then with the other hotels but the price is higher, ok its Beijing. The club floor personnel sometimes seems not to like their guests very much. The service at the Lobby Lounge has to be called if you want something to drink. Pool, sauna etc. is small and looks a little worn out (pool at CP Park View is incredible big an nice). Today sauna was cold. Food is good, room is clean but a little dark. But the location is perfect for tourists!!! 20 min. walk to forbidden city and TienAnMen. Shopping street just outside. But you hear the typical Chinese traffic. Internet free of charge as well as two drinks (beer) from the minibar (nice touch). There are freshly renewed rooms (mine is not).	
May 1 2006	Value for your Money!	It was our first time in Beijing and we didn't know where to stay. Fortunately my brother saw this hotel on the internet. It was a bit more expensive than our original choice but after staying there... it was all worth it. The location was excellent, the room was nice, the bathroom was clean and had almost all the things you might need, and the staff?... well, let's put it this way.. they even remembered it was my brother's birthday. after a long tiring day sight seeing, we found a cake &amp; a card inside our room. How sweet!	
May 1 2006	Great hotel great location	We stayed for 4 nights at end of April 06 and found this to be a great hotel - well placed for walking to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square (you could get a taxi but it's about 20mins walk). The hotel is situated on the main shopping street (Wangfujing). We didn't take the offered upgrade - the regular rooms are a good size and very comfortable.	
Apr 27 2006	Great hotel!	We stayed here with our 4 children (ages 9-11) and thought it was wonderful. The hotel was recently renovated and it looks modern and luxurious. The rooms were on the small side but that's China. The pool was a bit chilly but the kids enjoyed it as well as the hot tub. The spa area is very nice (has a sauna, steam shower, all free). The restaurants are very nice and the wait staff very friendly. The service was fabulous. We had the front desk staff make several touring arrangements for us and they did a great job. Many staff members spoke English which is important when touring. We would highly recommend it. The location is also convenient to many tourist sights (we walked to the Forbidden City).	
Apr 27 2006	Fantastic Stay With Attentive Staff!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in Feb this year. Main reason we booked was the price (cheap) location (near the city centre) and on the basis of some of the reviews on here.The staff were amazing, the room was spacious and well equipped (and the mini bar was relatively cheap too!) the hotel and room were both spotless and the housekeeping excellent, and the only problem we did have (the flush on the loo broke) was fixed immediately.The buffet breakfast was brilliant, (and the evening buffet was pretty good too!)Admittidly, the hotel was lacking slightly in atmosphere due to there not being many guests there (-13c obvioulsy not peak season!) but the staff were so warm and friendly (and drinks in the bar such good value) that it didn'tmatter!They guy on reception noticed it was my birthday during our stay, and on my birthday after a day's exploring, we came back to our room to a beautiful birthday cake (made by the chef downstairs) and a letter wishing me happy birthday!We would definitley stay here when we visit Beijing again, not the greatest of views from the rooms, but as it was our 1st visit we wanted to be as central as we could. (though taxis are so cheap we probably could have stayed further out of town!) The night food street is a short walk away...watch out for the goat testicles disguised as mozarella balls!The people in the city are really friendly and all want their photo taken with you, and even in the poorer districts it never felt threatening or unsafe.One thing we're really glad that we did was take a day out to the wall, arranging for a driver to take us to Simitai (about 2.5 - 3 hour drive away) then walk for around 3 hours to Jinshanling, where he picked us up &amp; took us home...all for around £70 for the both of us! We arranged this through a guy we met in the hotel, though the hotel does offer this service too. Overall, thought the hotel was excellent value for money, with great service and friendly staff.	
Apr 25 2006	Great hotel and location	Clean, comfy, and superb location. Food was good too. I would definetely stay here again. Well priced.	
Apr 20 2006	Pleasantly surprised	We just got back from Beijing on april 16 and stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. we were 2 adults and 2 small kids and should of booked the suites on the 2nd floor for just a little more space. The rooms were great. We were so surprised to see how modern and super clean this hotel was, not to mention beautfully done. You must get the room rate that includes the buffet breakfast. It was really worth it, esp. when you are off all day and meals are questionable outside this hotel. we loved it so much we had dinner there too!The location is awsome. Wish we had planned more time to walk the main road. There is even a pedestrian only section shortly down the road, which was great for the kids to run around- no cars!Do not use the spa /pedicure or massage services. They were pretty bad and expensive. wish we had time to use the pool. The staff was great with us and the service and all was defintely 5 star!	
Apr 18 2006	Very bad customer attention	We came yesterday from China and have stayed at this hotel.We reserved it because of the great reviews we had read. Our feelings about it are very mixed as the hotel is nice and it is in a very good location, but the attention to the customers is just awful if you have a problem. When we arrive we were offered an &quot;special great opportunity&quot; to upgrade to a Club room for an additional fare of 400 rmb per night. I thought that was not at all an special offer as I had made the reservation through their web site and the same upgrade was 100 rmb per night. We refused. Then we were given room # 665. When we got to the room it was chilly. We tried to shut down the air conditionning but could not and cold air kept coming out non stop from the air conditioning. The hotel sent a man to fix it, and when he saw he could not fix it all he did was to put a paper sheet on part of the air exit and said &quot;that was it&quot;. Of course, cold kept coming out. We said there was no way we were going to stay in the room and that we wanted another room. They said (as it was a big deal) that they had to &quot;consult&quot; with the boss. They kept us waiting in the room for a very long time and no one take care of us. In the end we had to go down to the Concierge and complain very strongly. They again said they had to ask the boss and treated us like if we were idiots because they never recognized the air conditionning was broken and just said that the outside temperature had dropped lately. After a while they said they were going to give us a room in the Club floor which was much nicer and we thought that was going to make up for the inconvenience. This new room was #908. When we got to the room we found it was exactly the same size as the other one but just much older. I think it had not been redone as part of the hotel seems to have been. The temperature in the room was 18º and it was cold to sleep and stay there (much colder than in the corridors, lobbies, restaurants...). The heating-airconditionning was not working (this time no cold air coming out but simply did not work so we could not heat up the room). We went down to complain and this time we were said there was a government regulation by which the room temperature could not be higher (it was a lie as we had just come from Shanghai were we had not such problems and of course the rest of the hotel was much hotter). We complained and complained and were decided to leave the hotel. In the end they gave us a room facing the hotel lobbie (not the street) where the temperature was perfectly fine. They kept on saying that the other rooms heating-air condition were fine (which was ridicoulous as they had sent a man to fix it and could not do it) and it was us just complaining. No apologies, nothing. We intent to complain Crowne Plaza as we don't think a situation like this has to be dealt with in such a way. In just any other decent hotel everything would have taken five minutes, a room change and an appologie. As for the rest, the hotel was nice, breakfast was ok.	
Apr 7 2006	First class service and facilities at the Crowne Palza	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel twice during a recent first trip to China.As a base for touring in and around the Beijing area you could not better its location or quality.I cannot comment on how comfortable this hotel was before its recent renovations, however I can say that it is first rate now!!!The levels of service and the welcoming attention that was provided by the staff only added to the very positive opinion that I have of this hotel.The breakfast buffet and the standard of cleanliness around the hotel are superb.The hotel is located at the top end of Wangfujing Street, which is one of the premier shopping street in Beijing. It is also within a 10-15 minute walk of Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City and 5 minutes from the underground station that is located at the bottom of Wangfujing Street. All in all a perfect and safe location.Beijing is a huge city and with all of the recent modernisation and hotel building that has taken place being close to an underground station is a big plus, for although taxis are very cheap, the traffic congestion means that travel by this means is very slow. On the other hand the underground is cheap, clean, safe and very reliable.	
Mar 2 2006	Beijing Crowne Plaza-Wow!		
Jan 16 2006	Hotel is not offically open but accepting guests		
Nov 6 2005	Hotel is not open but accepts booking		
Nov 4 2005	Cheated by Intercontinental Hotels Group		
May 10 2005	Ideal for first time in Beijing		
Jan 30 2005	CLOSED 1 JAN-31 MARCH 2005		
Nov 17 2004	Good but Not Great		
Oct 21 2004	Fab hotel in great location		
Oct 14 2004	Great hotel in perfect location		
Jun 29 2004	Great location great hotel!		
Nov 23 2009 	???????????????????????????		
Nov 1 2009 	Bem localizado e luxuoso		
Oct 26 2009 	Excelente Rooms		
Sep 26 2009 	?????????????????????????		
Sep 20 2009 	????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	????????????????????????		
Jul 30 2009 	???????		
Jul 18 2009 	???????????		
Jun 11 2009 	Super Lage gutes Hotel		
May 17 2009 	A nice hotel in the Wangfujing area.		
Apr 7 2009	Geniale Lage		
Nov 14 2008 	in centro a pechino		
Sep 1 2008 	Lusso a Pechino		
