Nov 6 2009 	Excellent Place to Stay	This is an excellent place to stay if you need a clean and comfortable bed, nice and fully equipped kitchen and laundry machine. It is very spacious. Beware though, most taxi drivers cannot find the place as the hotel is located inside the street,. The breakfast is really nothing just enough to fill your stomach. There were some unfriendly voices on the phone by some receptionists on my first day but I got excellent service on the rest of my stay. Everything were provided including water but there was no dishwasher soap to my surprise. The internet is extra $15 or 100 yuan a day and I would rather have free internet than free minimal breakfast. The restaurant food was also not good for my taste. But overall, this apartment hotel is excellent based on the room alone.	
Oct 29 2009 	Highly Recommended	My husband, daughter and I stayed in the Oakwood Residence for a month and a half while looking for a more permanent residence in Beijing. The rooms/flats are large and comfortable, the location is terrific, and the services (breakfast, spa, gym) are all very good. Perhaps if you are staying for one week as a tourist you might want a fancier restaurant or elegant furnishings. But if you're staying for longer than a week, this is the place. It's very comfortable.The highlight however has been the staff. The customer service has been exceptional. All staff are very friendly and helpful. And if you are not a Chinese speaker having the assistance of a capable team can make all the difference.I would recommend the Oakwood to anyone planning a long term stay in Beijing, and I would absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	If you are looking for hotel quality service stay away!	I booked Oakwood through Expedia due to the description, and thought it was going to be not much different from other hotels. Well, the rooms are large but the front desk service is poor. It took me more than an hour just to check in. If you are a foreigner, they register your passport with the local police, and the process takes 4 hours. It was a unpleasant surprise.	
Oct 6 2009 	Clean Comfortable and Value For Money	We booked 2 x one-bedroom apartments at Oakwood Residence. Apartments consisted of fully equipped kitchen, brand new appliances, utensils never used, spotless. Separate living and bedroom, large bathroom and separate laundry with additional toilet.This place is great value for money, the bed and pillows has to be (one of) the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Staff are very professional and friendly. Having stayed in apartment hotels before I have often found that breakfast can be a disappointment, no such thing at Oakwood, breakfast and the surroundings are on a par with any 5 Star hotel. Location is acceptable, being on the 3rd ring road, gives easy access to most places in town. You can walk to Sanlitun shopping and bar street (10-15min).Location is hit and miss in Beijing, you are going to end up stuck in traffic wherever you stay.I highly recommend Oakwood Residence, why stay in a 30m2 standard hotel room when you can enjoy the comfort of a 100m2 (+) apartment.Great place to stay and fantastic value for money. Be aware,currently, there is a construction site next door. This is standard for China, wherever you go these days construction sites are difficult to avoid, but it caused us no bother at all.	
May 10 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Oakwood Residence Beijing	There are two Oakwood properties (as of today) in Bejing, and we decided to go with the Oakwood Residence Beijing based on a friend's recommendation. We were very pleased with the property. We stayed at the 2 bedroom Executive apartment, which was almost 200 square meters (large and roomy) with 2 ensuite bathrooms. This was perfect as my husband and I were traveling with my parents and we needed space. The bathrooms have shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, toothbrush, shaver, hair dryer, etc. But there is no vanity set so you should bring/buy your own cotten swabs. There is a large living room with a flatscreen TV and DVD player, and the kitchen was fully loaded with all the appliances, utensils, pots + pans, what have you. There is also a laundry room with a washer+dryer (in one), which was very convenient since we did have laundry after a couple of days. There is also an iron + board. And very important: free WIFI in your apartment.The property is located on the Eastern 3rd ring of the city, which means it's quite centrally located, next to the modern shopping malls and restaurants + bars. It is also about 25 minutes away from the airport (taxi ride should cost about 75 RMB or 8 euros). However, it is not within walking distance to any landmarks, shops or restaurants. As Beijing is insanely big and sprawling, though you can walk to the subway (about 5 minutes by foot), we chose to take the taxi all the time, and it was not a problem whatsoever to get one from the hotel. Most trips cost about 10 RMB (about 1.20 euros). A trip to the absolute center of Beijing, i.e. Tiannman Square will cost you about 25-30 RMB. Though most taxi drivers seemed clueless where the building was, so if you can't speak Chinese, make sure you get directions written down by the concierge.We absolutely loved the swimming pool and gym at the basement level of the building, and we took full advantage of the spa (Chinese massage) facilities connected to the building. The spa is called &quot;Taipan&quot;, and if you tell them you're guests at the Oakwood, you will receive a 20% discount.Breakfast buffet is so-so, but you can order eggs and grilled salmon a la carte for free. The staff got a bit overwhelmed when a lot of people showed up for breakfast at once, but overall it was fine. We would definitely return to this property!	
Aug 10 2008 	Comfortable Stay!	I was working in Beijing for two months and stayed in these apartments from the end May to the end of July. I had a one-bedroom apartment and it was spotless. It had a full kitchen, washer/dryer, nice sitting area with a large flat screen tv, and king size bed and another flat screen tv in the bedroom. Plenty of closet space. Maid service cleaned twice a week. The price was very reasonable, compared to a hotel. The apartment complex is in close proximity to some major attractions. It also offered a continental breakfast. There is also an assortment of restaurants and shops within the complex.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great surroundings with first class service	I live in Beijing, but when my father visited, my husband and I decided to have a holiday too and we all booked into a 2 bedroom apartment at the Oakwood. I've stayed in other serviced apartments in Beijing (like Lee Gardens and East Gate Plaza) but the service, furnishings and décor at the Oakwood was far better than any other serviced apartment that I have stayed in. Usually, as the only Chinese speaker in my group, I have to cope with all the dealings with front desk, etc... but the standard of English at the Oakwood is very good and I could relax for a change! The apartment was wonderful - spacious, spotlessly clean and the kitchen was far far better equipped than my own at home! Usually in serviced apartments it's a drag to get them to provide everything needed, but the Oakwood even had nice wine glasses! Despite having our own apartment only 10 minutes away, we didn't need to go home to get anything - the Oakwood had it all!	
