Oct 18 2009 	Great location huge rooms free internet - simple as that	I stayed at Grand Millennium 6 nights and truly enjoyed it. The only problem is that no taxi driver knew where hotel is - you have to show them the map, just name is not enough. The location tough is fantastic, everything is very close. I arrived at 6 am and although the check in officialy starts from 2 pm, lovely receptionist check me in at no extra charge. The Hotel has huge lobby, very impressive but leaves you feeling very cold. The decor is very neutral and is lacking some personal touches.The room was very big, very confordable, clean...no complaint. Bathroom is spacious with separate bath and shower. You can use internet for free, even if you don't have your own laptop, you can use huge TV and keyborad in the room. Very pleased with that. I was based on the 6th floor hence the horrible view but I guess you can't have everything. I do advice you to take higher level rooms, surely they will have better views, even if its burnt builidng opposite Grand. The restaurant is very nice, food ok, and as someone alredays mentioned tea is very weird! I booked one day trip through the hotel (400 RNB) to the Great Wall of China and Ming Tomb - I really enjoued it. It was fantastic - mostly thank you people I met on the bus and the tour guide. She even took us to traditional tea ceremony in central Beijing which you mustn't miss.	
Oct 3 2009 	Horrible service... poor attitude	First, the room is ok (there is a mark on the carpet, and smells like they use perfume to cover the smell of smoke). Location good for business traveller going to Guo Mao area. Not that great for leisure traveller as it is far from all attractions. Value - ask about promotions before you book or pay. They told us it is RMB$1000/night. Only after 3 hrs, when we asked about promos, they unwillingly told us about the promo of RMB$600/night.Major problem is the attitude and service. My collegue speaks fluent mandarin so it is not language problem. We went to the front desk without reservation on the Mid Autumn festival evening after a day of working. We told them, with proofs, that we work for this company with corporate rate of $600/night. The front desk said we couldnt use the corp rate without written approval in specific form. So we asked what is the walk in rate, she said $900+charges ~= $1000. After about 5 minutes of trying, we gave up. We made many calls to different hotels and agents etc, without luck. Then after 3 hours (of calls, upset, and then working in their lobby), we went back to the front desk, this time after my coworker asked, she told us there IS a promotion for RMB$600/night for the National Day. What a shame on them and on this National Day promo. If they told us 3 hours ago, we would have checked in 3 hours earlier. If my collegue didnt ask, we would never know. What kind of 5 star hotel is this? to hide its promotions from desparate corporate traveller who frequent the hotel way too often.	
Aug 13 2009 	Awesome Facilities/Mediocre Service	Stayed here and the Grand Hotel which are 2 5-star hotels and completely different. The GM has awesome facilities. One of the nicest pools/workout facilities i've ever seen in a hotel. Great great rooms and washrooms, free internet through flatscreen tv's with a wireless keyboard and a great breakfast. But the service was lame and inconsistent. The concierge seemed clueless and the checkin wasn't that friendly. Also they had no control over people butting in lines and checkin and checkout and the prices for tours and assitance was at least 200RMB more than the Grand Hotel (seems excessive for almost the exact same tours) Must commend the doormen however, they were really good.Also the location is in the CBD (right beside the CCTV building), so it ends up being a little bland. But if you're just worried about faciliities, this hotel was top notch.	
Jul 1 2009 	Luxury in the heart of Beijing	Very spacious and luxurious rooms with huge bathrooms, found the location very convenient being next to the subway station and a few minutes taxi to the main tourist destinations. Restaurants offered a wide range of eastern and western delicacies. Great view of the CCTV building and interesting to look at the burnt down mandarin oriental hotel next to it.	
May 29 2009 	Posh new hotel in an increasing posh city	We stayed 4 nights at the Grand Millennium in December. My husband and I visited Beijing with his parents, and all 4 of us enjoyed our stay very much. We got a good deal as well, as many new hotels needed to boost business after the decline in visitors post-Olympics.The rooms were fairly big and the bed very comfortable. Choice of pillows available. Heating was good. Bathroom was big and well equipped with bath tub and separate shower. Staff was helpful and polite. Not much smiling though, very business like. No trouble communicating with the reception, not as easy with the restaurant staff but I could practice my Mandarin. Buffet breakfast was great except the English tea tastes a bit different. If you drink Chinese tea then it's fine. The location was perfect because it was in the heart of the financial centre, right next door to where our expat friend was living. Less than 30 min from the airport (except rush hour as the traffic in Beijing can be quite a nightmare) by taxi, which costs about 100 RMB. Since the financial district is the new trendy area, restaurants around here tend to be more expensive (100+ RMB pp) but also better quality. Try the restaurant inside the Ritan Park and the hotpot place across the road. We also tried some local dumpling places in the old city Hutongs (alleys), where the 4 of us were fed for a mere total of 15 RMB. This gives you an idea of the rich-poor gap in this city.Beijing in December was freezing (-10 oC by day) and we went everywhere in the city by taxi, which was so cheap. Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City etc all within a 30 RMB (15 min) ride. For the Olympic village we took the brand new subway line. So cheap. For the Great wall and summer palace (further out from the city), our friend arranged chauffeur service at 600 RMB for a whole day. The hotel would arrange that too, perhaps a bit more expensive. The bit of Great wall that we went to (Badaling) was very popular amongst tourist, hence with better facilities (gondolas for those who do not wish to walk, even a roller coaster for the downward trip). Our driver suggested that next time we can try the 'wild Great wall' sections - no hand rails, no staircase, no toilet, no souvenir shops, but he did not recommend that for our parents.All in all, Beijing is a city with something for everyone. From the spectacular forbidden city to the charming alleys still filled with the smell of coal, to the trendy art shops in the 798 art district. (798 used to be a weapon factory), we enjoyed our stay very much. You still see the 'flying swords' (spitting) once in while, usually by older men, but the general population are very friendly to tourists, thanks to the Olympics effect. And the Grand Millennium is a posh new hotel to explore the improving city.	
Mar 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel Will Return On My Next Visit	Room:What can I say! This room was new, large and luxurious! Spacious work desk (with free internet). Comfortable bed with reading light and Large LCD TV. Day bed was also provided beside the Window and gave a good view of the City. Toilet area was hugh and connected to the room (you could pull a sliding door for privacy). Separate 'Spa' Shower and WC area, also Bath Tub was located near window too.Breakfast:The breakfast room located at the ground was classy. The menu was delightful with plenty of choices. From American Breakfast of Fried Eggs, Sussages and Bacon to China Porridge to Rice Dishes to Japanese Roll to Dessert Tarts. Freshly brewed coffee was served every morning. Facilities:Excellent and large gym with excellent weights and aerobic equipment. But best of all was the 25m lap pool!Service staff:From counter staff, kitchen staff, waiting staff, front desk, bell-boys and Concerige. Excellent, Courteous and Attentive. Location:Nothing interesting nearby but there was a shopping mall within a short 5 mins walk World Trade Center was 10 mins walk and the famour Silk Plaza was around 15 mins walk. The Local Underground Transit Stop was located just outside the hotel but I did not use. Note that this hotel is just open and very new and I can detect a slight 'smell' in the hallways and pool, not so evident in the room (probably still need some airing). Nothing too offensive but definitely there. Also not all taxt will know this hotel, so do a print a copy of the Map.	
Mar 7 2009 	This hotel actually stinks	This supposedly 5 star hotel actually &quot;stinks&quot;. That is, there's something defective with its sewage pipes within ALL its room's washroom which makes close proximity to its toilets unbearable. On top of this, the rooms are so HOT in the winter time since there's no way of turning down the thermostat without turning off the rooms ventilation system and the windows can't be opened. And there's no air conditioning in the rooms during winter time. Which is common in Beijing hotels... I've stayed in many Beijing hotels for the past 3 years. I've actually stayed here back in Nov 2008 with the same problems but in a different room, floor and wing. At that time, I thought it was an isolated case. But, with my this current stay, the identical problems exists. I've complained on both occasions and both time, they've just sprayed freshener in the drainage and fiddled with the ventilation.. problem still persists. On top, this hotel is so new that most taxis won't know where it is so you'll have to give them specific directions.. even when I can speak Mandarin, its adds complexity on your trip. And finally, the service is pretty bad for a 5 star hotel. Had to change hotel because of the aforementioned problems in the middle of the night at 11pm and there was no doorman or bell boy in the front entrance. To add to the problem, there are very few taxis waiting in front.. mostly because few people know about this hotel.On the plus side, the hotel is new and all the rooms are nicely decorated. The hotel lobby is very grand. The breakfast buffet has a wide selection. And the price is pretty reasonable given its location and decoration. But, the smell of the washroom is a closer for me.	
Feb 12 2009 	Horrible service of this hotel!	Since i found this hotel from the website,and this hotel featured a lot of satisfaction i expect such as the view of the CCTV head-quarter and Mandarin Oriental hotel at the next, huge bathroom with larger bathtub.great location to access CBD which would suprise us for an enjoyable stay.But after then,we were completely disappointed not to be served by whole hotel staffs from concierge , housekeeping ,reception , bellboy or as well..here are our horrible experiences of staying this hotel from following lists:1: Once we got arrived to the hotel..the bellboy were not that friendly for our arrival ,no more smiles and sincere welcome at all.2: When we checked in to reception and required the staff to have the room which's located at the high floor and can see the view with CCTV tower and Mandarin oriental from hotel room..But the staff didn't seem understand what that meant which meant she's failed to understand what exactly required in english..and the staff have no much personality of his service attitude..no smile no warmth no team work spirit at all.3.After we checked in,and started putting the room key to activate the lift,the room key failed to activate the lift from time to time...it bothered us a lot until we came back to the reception to replace the new key.4:After we left from the elevator and walked on the way for our room...OMG..most of the decorations to the wall..floor and the ceiling was extremely boring which didn't make sense the decoration from lobby..biz centre..outside the hotel entrance.so far the carpet looked so uncomfortable that were not made by the quality material,and the room door didn't look like a hard wood which serves as a high prevention of fire hazard and sound proof,we can imagine that if there was a fire that we might get cooked.5.As the 5 stars accommondation which provides the presentable services for every guests,i was so disppointed not to be satisfied by the housekeeper,since we left out the room for sightseeing and called the housekeeping to send somebody to get out room cleaned and refreshed...once we came back to the room..omg ,the housekeeping didn't make the job done which meant they had gotten the room cleaned,but the bed seemed not be to done,they put the back pillows beside the king's size bed and didn't make it nice as well as since we came to the room,that's our the worst treatment that we ever experienced with.5,Before we checked out,i have enquired the concierge staff to show us the list which the terminal of the beijing internation airport we should be in..but they had no idea about the infortmation of the airlines where the planes land to,just gave us the airlines list without explaining the details on our inquiry.Finally,i think this hotel is absolutely not recommendbale for you to stay with for biz or leisure purposes,that's shame for the both managers managing this hotel for every customers....5-stars luxury hotel..haha ,what a shame,what a fiasco.That's all my comment of staying there.thanks for stopping by.	
Jan 30 2009 	New home in Beijing	Frequent visitor to Beijing ( six trips in 5 months), and I've now found my preferred hotel. Rooms are very good size, excellent bathrooms and the bed with selection of pillows is extremely comfortable. Most all the staff have good or very good English. Of particular note is the dining / breakfast room. I had perhaps one of the best simple fish/vegetables dishes ever. The Chinese food is also very good. Pool and gym facilities are first class and I even tried a basic massage in the spa - very good if a little pricey. Next return trip is February and I have no need to look anywhere else.	
Jan 1 2009 	A Truly Grand Hotel	This being our first time in Beijing, we had anticipated walking quite a bit touring the attractions and decided that it would be nice to come back to a nice comfortable hotel after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. On a tip from our travel agent we chose this hotel. The hotel is located in the Central Business District and about a 25 minute taxi ride from the airport. We stayed 4 days and 3 nights at this hotel and it was a wonderful experience. The decor of the lobby was modern and classy, and the staff were very helpful and accommodating right from the start. The rooms are well decorated with a flat screen tv, free internet connection, and a huge bathroom. The tub was large and ideal for soaking in a bubble bath at the end of the day. The separate shower had good space and dual shower heads. Also, the room was well stocked with some bathroom toiletries. Everything about the room was quite new and there were no signs of wear and tear at all. There was even a complimentary shoe polish service. Perhaps the one thing I would suggest would be for the hotel to get firmer mattresses for the beds and firmer pillows as well. The breakfast buffet was quite good compared to other hotel buffets that we have had with a good mixture of Asian and Western breakfast food. Perhaps because we were there in December but the breakfast dining room was never full. In fact there was one time when our party were the only guests dining in the room. The hotel is a business hotel however, we saw several families with young children there and it seems that the hotel caters well to a diverse clientèle. The exercise room is big with a juice bar, and several exercise machines. One thing that we regret was that the swimming pool was not opened due to construction. The pool's size was tremendous and it had to be one of the biggest indoor pools that I have seen in a hotel. We would certainly stay at this hotel again in future trips to Beijing if not only to be able to swim in the pool! Besides that, it boasts a good location where you can get practically anywhere by taxi or subway, and is in an area that is less touristy than other areas.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice place to stay	This hotel locates outside the inner city (inner city is where the Forbidden Palace is located.), around the second ring road. However, there is a subway near by that you can take and is faster than using taxi because of heavy traffic in Beijing. But beware of high volume of bodies using the subway. There are about 16 million people living in Beijing, therefore, it can be tiring trying to fight and push your way through the train door. Since the hotel is quite new, I can smell the new paint and at times make me feel sick. The room itself is modern and very nice. Flat TV screen, free internet connection, nice bed and pillows, coffee/tea/Chinese tea are plus addition. The shower is fantastic with two shower heads jetting nice warm water. The staff is friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast and lunch are very good with varieties of Asian and Western choices. The hotel has a nice gym and a nice-looking swimming pool. Unfortunately, the pool was not ready to use during my visit.This is a nice place to stay and I can find silence and peace after wondering through a mass of people during my sight-seeing.	
Nov 17 2008 	Preposterous services overall	We held a corporate event at this hotel early Nov 2008 and received preposterous services overall. 99% of the Staffs at the hotel were unable to communicate in English, they were unfriendly and unwilling to provide assistance to guests. I will not recommend anyone to use this hotel for both business and leisure purposes.	
Nov 13 2008	A great experience	This is a new hotel only having opened just prior to the Olympics.The staff were fabulous, polite and very willing to help and accommodate your requests.It is located within a 1 minute walk from the subway station which is part of the new line for the Olympics. The subway enables you to travel around Beijing relatively easily and cheaply.The rooms are modern, comfortable and clean.The executive lounge is pleasant and staffed by a great team of people.The hotel has a good gym and a huge indoor swimming pool. The restaurants are good, although sometimes on occasions some of the buffet food was a little dry, but the variety is good.The bar has a jazz band which can be a little noisy and overwhelming in the evenings, but is still worth a visit.Overall this is an extremely good hotel and one worth staying at as a base for a trip to and around Beijing.	
Aug 26 2008 	A TRUE Grand Hotel	We booked last minute to come to the Olympic, never knew or heard of this Hotel before. What a positive surprise, from the time you step into this true Grand Hotel till you leave. Everyone is sooooo friendly there, the ground floor lobby is where all the action is, a super lounge with very attentive service and a Chinese culture band… not the cheese once one would expect no really nice a pleasant to listen to. There is a Chinese restaurant with super nice food and a large designer breakfast restaurant. The bar is a little wrong and we in our group thought this should be better a sports bar or jazz..Our room was very spacious and also very modern, the location is central with a subway station 2 minutes walk, right in front of the HotelWell we want to come back next year to Beijing to do some more touristy things and definitely will stay in this Hotel again.	
