Nov 23 2009 	Nice hotel.	Check-in at hotel hotel was a breeze as the staffs were fast, friendly and efficient. Rooms were nice and look exactly as seen from the pictures. Its also seems that this hotel is quite popular with tourists as I understand from the staff that all rooms were fully booked during our stay there.Walking distance from Tiananmendong subway, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Wangfujing etc. Convenience stores just opposite the hotel, local eateries nearby where you can have your breakfast along the way as you walk towards the subway.Cozy room and comfortable beds, good range of amenities provided by the hotel. Overall a comfortable stay at a reasonable price. On the negative side, housekeeping service seems inconsistent. Sometimes the housekeeping staff just forgets to replace our toilet paper and we had to call housekeeping to ask for it. On another day, they might forget to empty our rubbish bins etc. One day, we even got the laundry lady knocking on our door which we find annoying.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good location good restaurant  awful staff	Almost nobody speaks English at this Hotel, and that is a problem for everything. The rooms are OK . we paid for the room with garden but we got the room on the sixth floor and just watch the garden from above ... the garden was on fifth floor.	
Nov 7 2009 	Clean hotel with certain charm. Good location and value.	A mid-sized modern hotel with facade that's been themed after bamboos, Kapok is within walkable (~15 min) distance from Subway line 1 Tiananmen East station, Wangfujing station, and line 5 Dengshikou station. Situated near Donhuamen (East gate) of the Forbidden Palace and Wangfujing, it's location-wise competitive and can cost a whole lot less than the larger hotels that are even closer to Subway stations.The hotel is built and furnished with certain design elements that separate it from the run-of-the-mill chains; its interior has glass walls that give a sense of space while in corridors, there are sprinklings of mini-gardens, and the glass-walled bathrooms have rather stylish fixtures. All in all they make for an interesting experience, though not always comfortable (bathrooms could've been designed with more human ergonomics in mind). Rooms are generally clean, except for some mildew on the silicons at shower space. A Fashion room on 3rd floor facing the roads weren't so noisy. Maybe we were lucky. Maids were very friendly and accommodating. The front desk personnels have varying degree of competence, friendliness, and English capabilities.Though not exactly within &quot;easy&quot; walking distance from subway stations, you can go east through Donganmen St for less than five minutes then turn south to Wangfujing for eating and shopping. There are two McDonald's for quick breakfasts. To go to Tiananmen or the Forbidden Palace, go west then turn South to Nanchizi St, which has a few good (though humble-looking) Chinese restaurants that open early and have English menu. We wouldn't eat at the hotel restaurants. Cheap and good breakfasts are available ay nearby eateries, and for dinner, there are hordes of very good restaurants in Wangfujing. There are also a couple of convenience stores to each side of the hotel for stocking up on water and snacks (one near the Donghuamen-Nanchizi junction, and one near the Donganmen-Wangfujing junction).In conclusion, we think this hotel offers a very competitive combination of good location, clean accommodation, nearby nightlife, and attractive price. We do recommend this hotel.	
Nov 4 2009	No View of the Forbidden City	The location is near to Forbidden City and it is great.However, do not expect to have a view of the Forbidden City as shown in the website. All the Courtyard Rooms are facing a residence building block. The little garden is too small even to put a chair to sit outside. I would say it is totally useless.The service is average and given us a wrong room type upon check-in due to overbooking. It seems quite common as well.	
Nov 4 2009 	great location worth a stay	We stayed for two lots of three nights and therefore sampled two courtyard rooms. They were modern and clean. Everything, including the toilet, worked well, and the bed, although firm, was soft enough for us. Breakfasts were OK with a reasonable range. The big plus was the hotel's excellent location very close to the Forbidden city and walking distance to the subway (which we used extensively to get around). The only hitch was the first night when we arrived and were told there was a 'problem' . Despite us having paid in full we were bumped by a group staying an extra night. The manager rectified the problem to our satisfaction by upgrading us to a higher starred hotel with a king bed for the night and providing free breakfasts for the remainder of our first stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	This hotel is wonderful	I stay here a couple of weeks ago and I have to say I am quite impressed. I had a bit of trouble locating it via public transportation however. The hotel is well situated, modern and well kept. It's close to all the main attractions and the service is great. You get a lot of amenities in the room as well. The room was spacious for two people. It's aout a 15 minute walk to the metro, however being from NYC, I did not mind at all. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Beijing. You are right around the corner from the Forbidden City, directly next to Dragonfly (wonderful massages for cheap) and less than a block from the Donghuamen night market.In case anyone needs directions from the Wangfujing subway stop (I sent them to my friend who met me 3 days after I arrived):Once you get to Wangfujing, make sure you exit at the LAST stairwell toward the FRONT of the train. Use exit C (South West exit). Once at street level start walking left on Wangfujing Daje. You will see a McDonalds sign; walk toward the McDonalds. You will stay on Wangfujing Daje for about 3 Avenues Distance. Walk all the way until you hit Donghuamen Dajie. There will be a Kappa store and if you turn right you'll see a Hagaan Daz icecream. Turn LEFT. Walk away from the ice cream store. Stay on the left hand side of the road and you'll walk about 2-3 Avenues on Donghuamen. You'll cross a large intersection and will see the Jade Garden Hotel. Keep walking and Hotel Kapok is right on the left. It's about a 15-20 minute walk.	
Oct 29 2009 	great location but overcharged	We stayed for 4 nights having booked through RATESTOGO and prepaying a 10% deposit. We had a booking confirmation sheet with balance to pay.On arrival we checked that they had received our booking and that we owed the balance- Not the full amount. Our receptionist confirmed this was correct. However, when we went to book out, with a taxi waiting to take us to the airport, things changed. We were told we must pay the full amount and this was their arrangement with RATESTOGO even though we had the paperwork from RATESTOGO saying we only had to pay the balance. They would not budge. Unfortunately we had a plane to catch - so we had little time to sort it out.. Hence a far more expensive experience and not value for money.However prior to this we did enjoy our stay. The concierge was very helpful getting us bikes and taxis and restaurant bookings. The Location was fantastic - very close to the tourist attractions. Fast free broadband and rooms clean and well equippedUnfortunately our final experience left a sour taste.. We returned to Beijing on 26 October for another 4 days and choose the Lee Garden Apartments (just down the road with the same facilities and cheaper price) instead.If you go there check out early so you can sort out any problems without a rush!	
Oct 28 2009 	Mostly good...	I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in Oct. (it was my first trip to Beijing) and was pleased with the swift check-in and the room was to my liking. I thought the all-glass bathroom was kind of unique and because I was travelling by myself, it didn't bother me one bit! Other positives included the fact that it was very close to Tian'anmen Square, the Forbidden City, and the night food market (You MUST try the dumplings at the market! I currently live in Asia and these are the best I've ever had - hands down!). It was also close to convenience stores and a moderate distance from a great little restaurant called Grandma's Kitchen on Beichizi St. As you head left out of the hotel, Beichizi St. is the first street you come to. Turn left and the restaurant is on the right-hand side of the street, maybe 2-3 min. walk from the corner where you turned (about a 7-10 min. walk from hotel)....the restaurant blends into the other buildings there, so if you aren't looking, you may miss it! It has a variety of foods (Western and Asian) that have great flavor and the prices are VERY reasonable! I highly recommend it!!A slight negative about the hotel was the 15 min. walk to the subway, but I expected that having read previous reviews, and the upside was that I discovered the aforementioned resturant! Another relatively-minor negative was the fact that when the maid cleaned the room, she neglected to replace the toilet paper (i.e., there was none in the bathroom at all! Not even a spare roll, which you usually find in many other hotels, even in Asia!)...which is annoying by itself, but even moreso when I had to call down to get some brought to my room and then had to go downstairs to make the request again because it hadn't come after about 10-15 min. of waiting. A more frustrating negative was the difficulty I had one evening trying to get a cab to go to a resturant that was recommended to me by a fellow traveller. My attempts to get help from the hotel receptionist and concierge were pointless, as in the end, they tried to figure out where I wanted to go (even though it was written in pinyang(sp?)) and attempted to flag down no less than 6 cabs and explain where I wanted to go with no success. At that point, I was so annoyed that I decided to just do something different for dinner...but that whole situation could have been a function of the obscurity of where I wanted to go?? Not sure...A more pressing negative was the fact that the phone in my room stopped working on my 2nd day there, which I normally wouldn't care about; However, I was waiting for a phone call, so when I returned from a long day of touring and the message indicator light wasn't on, I naturally attempted to make a call the front desk about it, which was how I discovered it wasn't working. When I went down to report that I thought my phone might be faulty and that I was concerned because I was expecting a phone call from my tour guide for the next day, they did not indicate that they were aware of the problem, nor did they indicate that he had called. It was only 5-10 min. later when one of the bellmen came up to my room to give me a handwritten message that it was evident that they knew about the phone problem! In fact, when I returned the tour guide's call, he said that he had called 10 times (literally!) and when the hotel person finally told him that there was a problem with my phone, he asked that a message be hand-delivered to me in person. When I asked him what time this transpired, he said it was 2-3 hours prior! Needless to say, he was extremely annoyed and frustrated, as was I! My frustration was intensified when I tried to explain the problem to the front desk person and got NO WHERE! Anyway, I didn't let that color the rest of my trip - I truly enjoyed the rest of the aspects of my stay in Beijing and I would still recommend this hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	Tried and true staff	Location is excellent - walking distance between the Forbidden City and Wangfujing. Tree lined street. Good mix of western and local cuisine at the fresh breakfast buffet. But the highlight was the desk staff whom we unfortunately severely tested. They were truly extraordinary. Thanks Andy!	
Oct 23 2009 	Property with excellent amenities location BUT ...	We stayed in the hotel for 4 nights. I think there is something with the Front Desk people in this hotel but they don't listen to what you have to say. It took awhile for us to check in and took awhile to check out. Lots of people billeted in this hotel were foreigners from Europe and the US.The bellhop, waiters and cleaning people have little command of english. I would have rated this property higher had they been able to communicate better. Waiters also are not too attentive by Asian standards. Even at dinner time. But they were always pleasant unlike the Front Desk people - sadly. All 4 to 5 of those I dealt with. But I think one was pleasant to talk to.Location was excellent. Just 10 minutes walk to busy Wangfujing. On a pleasant day, it can be a pleasant walk. It's also a 10 minute walk to the East Gate of the Forbidden City on the opposite side. NICE! Just don't get a room facing the street though. The backside were we were wasn't anything great - you'd be looking at other people's apartments. Breakfast food was ok. At RMB80 per person. Buffet. Spread wasn't too great but for the amount and convenience, I took it everyday. They had pancakes, french toast, salmon, omelette, lots of bread, buns, siomai, veggies, noodles, sausage, ham, coffee, juices - apple, orange and I forgot the third, salmon, cheeses, century egg, fruit, corn flakes. And a few more. They didn't change much each day.Will try to post pictures of my room soon.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good hotel but rude staff in reception...	We stayed 4 nights in Kapok Hote. It is very well situated near Wanfujing street and Tiananment square.The hotel is only 4 years old, but all the furniture is bad conservated. However all the room is very modern and comfortable.The bad thing about this hotel were the staff. All of them were very rude. We had to remake the room key 3 of the 4 nights and nobody told us &quot;sorry&quot; at all. If we asked some info about the town, they answered us whit poor information and very rude.Every service in the hotel was very very expensive. Internet in bussines center, 12 yuanes per minute!!Bad service in a good hotel	
Oct 4 2009 	Could not sleep here	I love design hotels so I asked my husband if we could stay here. We booked a courtyard room but they upgraded us to a fashion suite. The room was HUGE. the location was terrific. However the room was right next to the road. We were on the 5th floor and we could hear every conversation on the bustling road. If you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs and request a room that does not face the street. We were already unpacked and I would have felt like a dork complaining about an upgraded room (at first). The big round bathtub was very cool and comfortable. The bed was a little hard but that's Asia. The C Store across the street was helpful. We got coffee there and wine for our room.. The night market was very cool. We had our best meal in Beijing at the local place immediately across the street to the left of the store with a green awning ( no clue what the name was). Our meal and a bottle of wine was less than US $20. It was superb. the table rocked back and forth and we were the only westerners there but it was awesome. We also tried the Courtyard. Save yourself and your money. It is SOOOO Overrated. it cost us $300+ for dinner, wine, dessert and they had no one who could recommend a wine (from a supposedly award winning list), their English was limited, which is really not a big deal for me, but the food was SO BLAND. The service was sterile. It should have cost US $75 and for that I would have been disappointed. Another group we ran into in the lobby had the same experience and recommended the green canopy place the next night for which I would have paid double. it's that good. The other group gave us that recommendation because the front desk was unable to provide a dinner recommendation, so you may want to do recon before you go. The hotel staff was less than helpful. We did not try the place with the skewers but if we had one more night we would have. We went to the Great Wall at Muityanu. We hired John. His email is johnyellowcarathotmail.com (obviously use the at sign and email me if you have any questions).He was prompt (waiting for us at the appointed time,) called us the prior day to confirm. His English was great but most importantly his attitude was awesome. He took us to a great place for Lunch after hiking the great wall for 4 hours, and then we went to the Summer Palace. I cannot recommend him enough. He is also available for city tours. The hotel is in an excellent location but was hard for me to sleep there. Also the lighting was very dim.	
Oct 4 2009 	We can't recommend this hotel.	We stayed for 3 nights in a Fashion room which we booked for 100USD through Agoda. The location is excellent, but would try the Day's Inn next time which is nearby and about 30USD cheaper.When we arrived, they said the only room available was a windowless room and that we should pay an additional 15USD to upgrade to a Courtyard room. The staff were completely unwilling to make any concessions for us. This is simply poor policy and strategy on the hotel's part, and totally unacceptable.Another point you should be aware of is that the bathroom walls are clear glass and the bathroom is doorless. So from the bedroom, everything in the bathroom can be seen and heard. Maybe a problem, maybe not -- up to you. The location, however, is excellent - just a 15 minute walk to the main entrance to the Forbidden City.Free internet is a plus, while expensive breakfast is a negative.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Location Trendy hotel so-so staff	Location: near subway, Wangfujing shopping district, Forbidden city, and Tiananmen square.Hotel: The rooms are somewhat swanky. Of course, being in china the beds are very firm. The gym has cardio and weights. Free internet in the room. Garden rooms are nice, yet didn't seem to have anywhere to sit outside.Staff: Front desk clerks seem rather indifferent. The wait staff is friendlier.	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	The hotel was a bit run down but it was great value for money (USD 87 / night from Agoda). The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The location, in between Wangfujing and Forbidden City was unbeatable. The best part was that there are a lot of small eateries around the area that had great local food for breakfast, lunch and dinner. My favourite is a tiny shop on the first corner to the left of the hotel. I had breakfasts and a lunch there. The downside of this place is that the subway stop is a 15 minutes' walk away. Hence, at the end of a long day of sightseeing, we usually just took a cab back to the hotel instead of braving the subway and the walk. Dragonfly, a well known chain for massage is a few doors away and hotel guests get a 5% discount !	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location terrific room lousy service	I stayed here with my husband and parents for five nights in September. We booked two 'Fashion suites' which overlooked the street and were terrific - big spaces, well designed bathrooms, well planned living space and generally great design. The free internet in the room is terrific, as were the flat screen TV and the walk in robe to stow your luggage.The location of the hotel is unbeatable - a block or two from the Forbidden City and plenty of other great places to visit nearby. Bring your walking shoes! The night market is a block away and is great for cheap, interesting eats, up to ten at night.The drawback was the service, or I should say the complete lack of it. Neither of the suites had been cleaned when we checked in at 4.30 in the afternoon (and we'd already paid in full). We waited over an hour to get access to our rooms, then they weren't cleaned properly the next day. There was a ring around the bath for three days of our stay (our ring though so it did get cleaned between guests... albeit while we were waiting outside, unable to access the room.)There are a few staff who do their best to ensure you can do and see what you want, but many others are so aloof as to be almost comical. However we'd just come from Vietnam where service was excellent, so perhaps we were comparing apples with oranges.I would recommend this hotel as it is in a great location, the rooms are big, modern, well designed and very comfortable and there are good corner stores and a travel agent just across the road, Wangfujing mall is two blocks away with another marketplace that's good for quick and cheap food. In all, we had a very good experience at he Kapok.	
Sep 20 2009 	Feels like Home	Looks - From the outside, does not look like a boutique hotel. Once you go inside, it is different. The rooms are beautiful! Feels and look like a bedroom instead of a hotel. Big toilet which is built around see-through glass so those who have privacy issue, might feel insecure here esp when sharing a room! Nice garden as a balcony. Love it.Comfort - good. very clean sheets and hot water. aircon can be strong too! TV has about 70 channels but in the end, you prob will watch only channels 60-70 for the rest are in mandarin.Price - it was rather reasonable. We got it at a disc since we booked in advance, so about USD100 per night. Location - Not too bad, about 5 mins walk from Wang Fu Jing.. and 2 mins walk from the east gate of Forbidden City and 25mins walk from the back of Forbidden City.. 30mins walk to Jingshan Park. However, there is no nearby train and the nearest will be WangFuJing station which takes about 15mins to walk there.. we ended up cabbing most of the time.Service - Some good some bad. Did not like this front desk lady. Upon check in, she just asked for our passport and give us room key and asked us to go up. no advice on where to go, what breakfast they have, never offer any map, never explain facilities. never offer to help bring laggage up. CURT. but room service and bellboy was good. bellboy helped in getting cab.Internet - Free broadband in the room. fast and good.	
Sep 9 2009 	Unbeatable location nice clean good value. What else can you ask?	We stayed for touristic one week visit in May'08, through a great offer on wotif.The hotel is incredibly well locate 5 minutes walk away from the forbidden city, Tiananmen Square and the main shopping street (think it was called Wanfujing).The building and decor are modern, everything is in good condition and spotlessly clean. There are four types of rooms. We reserved the second west one (standard suite) for about 100 $/night breakfast included, and got upgraded to a massive corner suite (the best type) on arrival. The room had a king size bed, two sofas, computer with complimentary internet access (though restricted, it is China!), two sofas and view of the moat surrounding the forbidden city from one angle. The bathroom was big with both a nice walk-in shower and a big bathtub that could fit two people perfectly. It was separated from the room by glass walls wich made it great if you wanted to look at TV from the bath, but courtains could be closed for privacy. Nice touches of complimentary water and juices every day since tap water is not drinkable in Beijing.Breakfast was nice, both Western and Chinese options, open from very early in the morning, and room service was pretty decent (we stayed in a few nights after a lot of walking!Special mention goes to the travel agents in the ground floor who helped us organize a one day return trip to Xi'An to see the terracotta warriors, as well as the trip to the Great Wall. Maybe not the cheapest out there but they spoke good English for Chinese standards and everything worked to perfection.	
Sep 7 2009 	Location Location Location!	This place was in the middle of everything. It was right next to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. As such, there are camera accessory shops and cheap restaurants all around. We walked from the hotel to Beihai Park, and on the way, passed the National Art Museum. The hotel is a short distance from the metro, night markets, and other great shops. The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful. It's so stylishly decorated. The staff was also very helpful. They had their own tours, but they helped us find cheaper ways of getting to the Great Wall and the Summer Palaces. Also, they brought chopsticks to the room promptly when I called. There was always new bottles of water when we returned to our room, which is very important when traveling in China. And the price was right. All around, a great stay.If you don't bring a laptop, however, the hotel will charge you 2RMB a minute for using the internet on their computers. Pricey!	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel great location	If you're looking for a nice, clean and tidy base, that's in the middle of all of the major tourist sites, then this is it. The staff are welcoming, and helpful. The hotel is modern as are the rooms and at an excellent price. The Forbidden City is 5 minutes away by foot as are the major shopping areas and restaurants, ideal for those looking to save a few pennies on taxi fares and enjoy the culture of China at first hand.	
Jul 21 2009 	Brilliant location and lovely rooms	We stayed at the Hotel Kapok in July 09. From the outside the hotel isn't very special, but once inside the rooms are spacious and lovely - they actually look like the pictures on the website! The bathroom is a glass room with curtain round the outside (no door), so would suggest not to stay hear if you are a new couple maybe! Great buffet breakfast in the morning at a reasonable price for a hotel (770 RMB). The location is the best part of it, it's a short walk to the forbidden city, to the food night market and to the centre. I don't think we could have been in a better location! Also, given the location, the hotel was very quiet, there was no noise from outside.If you stay here make sure you book a non smoking room, we were given a smoking room which did smell, but they changed it immediately for us without any fuss.	
Jul 16 2009 	Decent rooms but is you need service don't bother good 3 star no more	Stayed 3 nights, whilst the rooms were good the facilities a little basic. Asking for just about anything like a towel for the gym or getting things fixed in the room is a no no. Just lacks the Western standards. Good breakfast in a nice restaurant though. Good location	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We booked a week stay in Hotel Kapok, through Orbitz. When we arrived we were upgraded to a Fashion Room. It is huge and roomy. There is a sitting area, huge bathroom, and a king bed. There are floor to ceiling windows that look out over the neighborhood street, a TV, and a computer with internet (that we are currently using to write the review.) I loved the huge tub and the people watching from the window. Also the perfect location for walking to the Forbidden City, Wangfuging street, and lots of hutongs to explore. The staff was incredibly nice and helped us out whenever we needed assistance. We had no trouble getting a taxi to take us home at the end of a long day of exploring. We didn't try the hotel resturant, but try the small resturant across the street, directly across the hotel, 2 doors left from Subway. There is a small deli case out front. The food is amazing (even if you are unsure what you are eating) and the people are really friendly.	
Jul 12 2009 	excellent location ..but	First let me say the best thing about the Kapok is its location to the Forbidden city and Tiannamen square , out the door turn left and your on your way . The hotel is modern but is starting to show signs of age , the clean edges and small details are not quite as they should be and the bathroom set up is awful , having to fight with a curtain each time you need to use the toilet is not fun . The hotel cafe I used once in order to let my room be cleaned , and was charged three pound twenty for a small cup of tea ,(should have gone to starbucks i know ) The impressioon from other reviewers that taxi's are easily available is some-what mis-leading , on a regular basis we were refused taxi's by the drivers , and often told to get out as the driver did not want to go our way (hardly the friendliest of people) .My overall view is spend that little bit more on a good hotel , the idea that everything is made in china so it is available in china is not correct and Beijing is an exspensive city compared to other asian capitals , oh and everyone you meet will try to rip you off .	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Value	Booked this hotel on the strength of it's previous reports and was not disappointed. The Kapok has a great location being about ten minutes walk from the Forbidden City in central Beijing. Taxis wait outside the hotel and are very cheap to travel anywhere within the city. The hotel bellhop (Tiger) is also very helpful in translating/passing destinations on to the taxis and obtaining taxis for day trips (to the Great Wall etc). Rooms were very clean and comfortable with firm beds (as always in China!) and PCs in every room. Good breakfast buffet in the morning (contrary to a previous report so this must have been improved). Restaurant did not seem to be used much (we didnt) but there are many reasonable restaurants in the vicinity including a large food centre in the basement of a nearby shopping mall. Overall, excellent value, given the price and location, this hotel would be very difficult to beat.	
Jul 7 2009 	Contemporary retreat in busy city	Excellent hotel for the price. The rooms were modern and clean with comfortable, but firm beds. It is conveniently located for walking to the Forbidden City and night market. Taxis were inexpensive and easy to get. Many good restaurant choices near hotel ranging from dumplings for breakfast to Bejing Duck. The Subway across the street brewed coffee as ordered and convenience store across the street was handy for drinks and snacks. I would highly recommend for easy entry into China that met western standards.	
Jul 2 2009 	Stylish hotel great location wonderful price!	I just completed a stay at Hotel Kapok and I cannot say enough good things, especially in comparison with some of the more grotty Chinese hotels in which I had stayed on this trip. Modern, interesting architecture, great location, good English from the staff, and very friendly service. Plus the price is right! I got a great deal on the internet, especially compared with hotels on Wangfujing just a few blocks away.The breakfast buffet was very good with choices for American, European, Japanese and Chinese tastes. Even smoked salmon, my way of judging hotel breakfasts, plus ground to order coffee as well as made to order eggs. I didn’t eat dinner at the hotel, preferring the range of Chinese restaurants right on the street. I also went twice to the massage place nearby, one of the nicest I have visited outside of a fancy spa. For sightseeing, the proximity to the Forbidden City and other famous places is great.Who should not stay at Hotel Kapok? If you need a full range of business services, this is not the place. There was free internet connection in the room that worked perfectly. I needed to print something from the internet and the small business center could handle that, but didn’t look like they could do much more.Similarly, if you need concierge service for sightseeing, transportation, and the like, I don’t think the staff can handle very much. Getting taxis—no problem. Arranging for a tour could be a challenge.I liked the emphasis on glass throughout the hotel, but some people might freak out at the glass walls around the bathroom. If you or your roommate might be embarrassed by showering in full view, you can pull the curtains but then much of the charm is gone.The hotel is new and fairly small so taxi drivers don’t know it. The name in Chinese is mu mian hua but even that doesn’t help a lot. Once you check into the hotel you will have a card with a map and the address although some drivers still seemed perplexed. Before leaving home, I carefully copied the name of the hotel off the website, and wrote the address in Chinese characters so I had something to give to the taxi driver at the airport. Otherwise it would have been difficult to get there. I wish the hotel would give this information on its website so prospective guests could print it out when making reservations.I will definitely stay there on my next Beijing trip!	
Jun 20 2009 	Fab location neat hotel with reasonable rates	We arrived 7 am in the morning, and even we had not informed them in advance, two rooms were provided immediately without a question. Also, when we left, we were allowed to keep the room for couple extra hours (3 hours).Don't be put-off by the facade, it is a little dull, but inside is totally different. The rooms were nicely decorated, new and clean. Some fruits and drinking water was also provided. The breakfast wasn't impressive, but as it was included to the rate (about 800 CNY/night for double room), it was enough to keep us going for some hours. And we kept going: Tian An Men Square, Forbidden City, Walking / shopping street, Royal Palace are all within walking distance. In the evening a night market opens up 200 meters from the hotel, on the same street. I would, and likely will, go back to Kapok Hotel, if rates remain reasonable. Now, I know you can get a room with much less than 300 CNY from almost any city in China. But I want to enjoy my vacation, and for that (or, for business trip, they also provide free internet) this was a good choice.	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	We really loved this unique hotel! Once again tripadvisor proved very reliable because I booked this hotel on the basis of recommendations and its amazing value for money. We stayed for 5 nights after decamping from our conference hotel further out of the city. The hotel's website makes the Kapok look a little minimalist and cool, but in fact it has a very warm vibe with some nice, quirky touches. The rooms are light, warm and pleasant and the courtyards make a big difference. Staff were very friendly and helpful and spoke pretty good English. Free internet access from your room was a plus. There's also an excellent restaurant across the road from the hotel, although the hotel has a restaurant, there's so many good ones within walking distance.As others have noted, the location's great. I'd defininitely stay here again and recommend it highly.	
Jun 11 2009 	Gorgeous hotel perfect location for tourists	I booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews, as it was rated amongst much more expensive hotels, and was impressed with everything from the moment I arrived. All the staff I encountered spoke English well, the reception and bar area were modern and welcoming and the rooms...gorgeous. I had a courtyard room and although the courtyard was facing into the hotel corridor and not outside it was such a pretty addition to the room and different to anything I've ever seen before.The room was spacious and very clean, the mini bar was well stocked and the room service menu had a decent selection of reasonably priced Western and Chinese dishes. I ate room service a couple of times and the food was on a par with anything I've had from room service in European 5* hotels. The glass bathroom walls added to the feeling of spaciousness (great for a lone traveller, there are curtains if you have company) and a good selection of toiletries - toothbrush, shaving kit, comb, the usual soapy things. The TV wasn't showing any English language channels due to a fault but I wasn't in Beijing to watch television. The bed was firm bordering on hard the way all beds in Chinese hotels seem to be and my view was onto the back of some apartments. Not an issue for me as I didn't spend much time looking out of the window. You can order a selection of pillows to be brought to your room which is a nice idea, although I was fine with the ones already there.The location of the hotel is as good as you could ask for as a tourist new to Beijing. The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square were both 5 minutes walk away and Wangfujing was 2 minutes walk in the opposite direction. Over the road is a Subway and there are plenty of Western chains in Wangfujing. Lots of shops to stock up on wine, beer and snacks nearby as the mini bar isn't particularly cheap. Beware of local tour guidestouting for business if you're new to Beijing. I thought 'why not?' and paid one to go round the Forbidden City, but I was whisked round in about 90 minutes when other people have said they spent several hours there. On the other hand I had also pre-booked a personal guide for a day via Expedia and this was excellent - I had a limited amount of time and he was able to help me see lots in one day because he knew the ropes when it came to getting in places - at the Olympic sites for example you buy a ticket at one place and the entrance is elsewhere. I'd recommend this for anyone passing through and wanting to pack in as much sight seeing as possible. £60ish for 8 hours and they can hold the things you're not allowed to take through the Mao mausoleum and know where is nearby and what is open when to get best use of your time. If you do one thing while you're in Beijing, it's get as far away as possible and get on an unrestored part of the Great Wall. I hiked between Jinshanling and Simatai and was blown away by it. You need to be quite fit to do it and wear trainers because the terrain is very steep and at times rubbly but you will be completely immersed in the wall and start to understand what a feat it was to build it. This part was very quiet too, just our tour group. I'm almost reluctant to post this part because it's so unspoiled it seems a shame to encourage more people to go.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great find!	The good: Clean, modern, free (and fast) internet, great amenities and very comfortable! Staff were friendly and rooms were nice and spacious.The not-so-good:Location is not as central for sight-seeing, although it is within walking distance to Wangfujing and the Forbidden City. Hailing a taxi is not as easy and the taxi drivers don't seem to know where this hotel is exactly. I cannot really fault this hotel. For the price we paid, it really is a hotel that is worth staying in.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great experience !!	Very nice location. Very nice rooms. Great environment. Check pictures enclosed.	
May 30 2009	Loved it!	Had a 2 night stay at Kapok in April. Was pleasantly upgraded to the suite and it was simply amazing! Huge room and great bathroom with a massive bathtub and powerful rain shower head. The bed was comfy and there was even a desktop computer with free internet to use. Lights were a little dim, but other than that it was simply perfect. With its location right next to the Forbidden City, it's difficult to find another hotel quite as perfect as this!	
May 28 2009 	The perfect spot in Beijing - May 09	Stayed here 4 nights beginning May 17. I've been to Beijing several times and this hotel is a gem for the money, less than $100 USD. Modern in design yet functionally comfortable it makes one feel safely tucked away. The bed and bath were both clean and comfortable, the air conditioning worked great, and the little garden outside the window was a nice touch.The staff were all polite, knowledgeable and helpful. The hotel is 2 short blocks off of Wangfujing and you pass the night market - a very interesting local eating area - on the walk from the shoping district. I highly recommend it.	
May 23 2009 	Initial Problems: but great once smoothed out...	This hotel cannot be criticized for location, however, when we arrived at 1am they had given our room away even though we had called from the plane in Hong Kong to reassure them we were coming! After some arguing, shouting and requests to see/speak to their manager, they managed to find us an upgraded room (though they had already stated that the hotel was full and could they transfer us to a 5 star hotel somewhere else - at one in the a.m I don't think so, especially as 5 star in China means nothing!) Once we were in our suite things started looking up immediately, a great room and bathroom, just like on their website. The staff were courteous and helpful most of the time but needed a little persuasion and a reminder that it was their job to help!! Overall it's a very decent boutique hotel at a great price, very modern and very well located - 5 minutes literally to the Forbidden City - can't beat that! I would recommend it to anyone that likes nice hotels but you have to understand that the Chinese hotel standards are very different to the West - this seems to be a 4 star boutique hotel by Western standards. Feel free to ask me any questions.	
May 16 2009 	Very Poor Customer Service at Hotel Kapok	Stayed at Hotel Kapok for 4 nights. Actually started out okay, but, went downhill pretty fast. 1. Was told that the buffet was included, only to be charged for it after the fact (very poor).2. Although the hotel indicates air conditioning, this is only partially true. The hotel decides when you can have the air conditioning on. I had no less than FOUR different requests to have the AIR turned ON. At one point, I made them call the hotel manager at home, to explain my displeasure of waking up at 4:00 am in an 80 degree room (was told &quot;it is night time, no need air conditioning&quot;. 3. Had a large bathtub in the room, kind of nice, but, water pressure was so bad that by the time it was 1/2 filled, the water was cold. 4. LOUD LOUD LOUD. Was repeatedly woken up by doors slamming (they slam on their own when people don't try to make them quiet). Also, was woken up by traffic.5. NOT familiar even with their own neighborhood. I asked for Grandma's Kitchen. After 15 minutes of searching, they found one that was 20 minutes away. But, when I walked literally around the corner, it was there. 6. Smelled like cigarette smoke, very bad at times. 7. Light switch to the (glass) bathroom was on the outside, so, you had to turn the light on, then go in and pull the curtain (thus waking up anyone else in the room). 8. BEDS Are ROCK HARD, almost like sleeping on a board (but, the comforter was nice). 9. Housekeeping was marginal at best (dust animals on the floor during my entire stay, but, kind of got used to them)10. Asked for the Hotel Manager to call me before I checked out, never called (Adam is his name). Overall, the hotel was a big disappointment. I do not recommend ! ! ! !	
May 2 2009 	Fantastic hotel definately recommend it	This hotel is great. It is in a good location, very close to the Forbidden city and Wanjujing. It is also near the night food market where you can try local chinese delicacies. The staff are always very friendly and helpful and extremely efficient. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone going to beijing and would definately stay there again.	
Apr 30 2009 	Location Location Location! And a great hotel to boot!	Very clean and modern hotel located a 5 minute walk from the Forbidden City...just a perfect, central location. The neighborhood is a nice, tree-lined area but very authentic Chinese...lots of locals around and it did not seem touristy like around the other Beijing tourist hotels. The night market down the street is definitely something to experience! The concierge service is friendly and very good for booking event tickets and train tickets for a very low fee. The WiFi is free but you have to pay to use a computer in their business center. We paid $99 on hotels.com...an incredible value for the money!	
Apr 27 2009 	neat un-annoying hotel	stayed here in a courtyard room in april 2009 for four nites. the location was pretty convenient for visiting forbidden city, tiananmen square and the other locations on that axis. the room was clean and well-presented. the 3rd floor courtyard room did not in fact have a courtyard of its own but was overlooking a little garden one floor below. the glass-walled bathroom mentioned in other reviews did have a thick curtain and it was as far from the beds as possible, alongside a corridor, but still felt like a sort of a &quot;design choice&quot; to have a bathroom with glass walls.there was a decent strong wifi signal downstairs, free, unsecured no password no hassle. i could get a connection from a restaurant on the other side of the street too. the staircase with the text KAPOK written with bookends you see in the pictures is not the hotel lobby, it does not lead anywhere, it's a kind of dead-end corridor in the ground floor. except having the forbidden city at a walking distance and a number of reasonably priced convenience stores right opposite the hotel, the location was otherwise pretty dull, i felt that tourist streams had sucked out any life from the nearby neighbourhood, the wangfujing district. the nearest shopping mall, beijing apm, was half-empty. we were hassled by students wanting us to visit their tearooms, art exhibitions or whatnot.don't expect anything luxurious or super-cool, but a decent clean well-run non-chain hotel and you won't be disappointed. as such its good value for money.a particular plus is that the service was friendly and helpful but not intrusive. the concierge downstairs booked us hotels and flights for no charge.a particular minus is that the internet pc's downstairs are super expensive. they were also playing the same flute music over and over again in the corridors, which could be clearly heard inside the rooms. (woke up to it jetlagged, thinking at first it was a a/c pipe whistling.)saw the gym and sauna downstairs, nobody there, did not try. also the restaurant was empty most of the time.	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent all round	I can simply state that my 3 days there were a pleasure in the heaving mass that is Beijing.The staff spoke good English and were very helpful. I did not eat there, so I cannot comment on that side of things. However, the room was huge, really well appointed and comfortable. Not sure what the scene is with the bathroom/toilet being so open as many others have commented on, but draw the curtains when doing you business in the presence of others. Location wise, its to the east side of the Forbidden City and takes about 5 minutes to walk to the front of it and Tianamen Square. To the right of the hotel is the shopping area,, the name of which escapes me, but a little further on is a metro station a mere 10-15 minutes away.Upshot is, I would highly recommend this place based on my expereince and felt that I had truly got value for my money. One thing i would raise is that as I was pushed for time, the tour I booked through the hotel to the Wall was rubbish in my opinion. Whilst it was busy due to it being a holiday weekend in China when I was there, we spent more time in tourist rip-offs called the jade factory and the silk museum. I would recommend that you try and source a direct trip to the wall, preferably not at Badaling and enjoy the place without the hordes.	
Apr 22 2009 	Fabulous hotel great location value for $	We stayed here for 6 nights at US$69 per night and include free broadband connection. Our room was on the third floor overlooking the street. Room was quite and we didn't here anything from our neighbours. Bathroom had a full range of shower supplies.We were pleasantly surprise that this is 4.5-star luxury accomodation was very cheap compared to other hotels. 5 minute walk to Wangfujing St for shopping plazas passing the night food market selling various exotic delicacies on offer. A 10-15 minute walk to the subway (either Wangfujing, or Tian'anmen East stations). For 2 yuan per trip on the subway can get get you anyway except for the airport express line. There is a mini bar and you had to pay for tea and coffee, etc. We just went to the OLE supermarket to get a supply of tea, coffee and milk instead. For the price, service and location I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Perfect in every way!	We stayed there for 4 nights, and I did not want to leave. This is a 5-star luxury accomodation at dirt-cheap rates, within 2 minutes walking from the East gate (Donghuamen) of the Forbidden City, 5 minute walk of Wangfujing St., and 10-15 minute walk to the subway (either Wangfujing, or Tian'anmendong stations). However: their advertised rate is much higher than what we paid. We've been told that one negotiates prices in China - barring that, one books via online sites, which generally have the highest discounts. We found this to be absolutely true. When we called the hotel and asked for the cheapest room (Fashion Room), we were told none was available, and the next higher (Courtyard Room) was 880 yuan/night. We then went online at elong.net (NB: this is a Chinese website, with English interface, which gets much better rates within China than expedia, priceline etc.) and found that the Fashion Room WAS available, for 518 yuan/night, and the Courtyard was 780 yuan/night. We booked the cheapest - without providing any credit card information, just a name and email, and got back the confirmation within minutes. The hotel received this reservation without problem, honored the quoted rate, and upgraded us for free to a Courtyard. I have no idea what the Fashion Room looks like, but the Courtyard is unbelievable. You have a small pebble/flower garden inside your room, futuristic looking temperature and light controls, every conceivable amenity in the bathroom and bar (let me just say: 2 sets of flip-flops, one for the bedroom, one for the bath), complimentary fruit basket upon arrival, prompt and unobtrusive daily service (and no stinting on shower supplies, either). The room is big, the bathroom is huge (shower-only, though). I want such a bathroom for my own house! Internet: Kapok has free internet (via Ethernet cable) in the room, and free wireless on the first floor (also available from parts of our 2nd fl. room). We did not have a laptop, but we had a WiFi smart phone, which proved quite useful. If you have neither, you can pay rip-off prices for access to a computer in their business center. As an aside, there's also a library on the 1st floor, with some English books you can check out.The staff at Kapok speaks fluent English, right down to the bellhop. They were infallibly attentive and polite - but unlike most Chinese places, they do expect tips. Breakfast was not included in our discount rate, but we could see the restaurant through large windows, and it looked fully stocked with all the Continental staples. We could have bought breakfast for 80 yuan/person, but opted not to. There's a Subway restaurant just across the street (good luck explaining the concept of &quot;black coffee&quot; to them, though!)	
Apr 18 2009 	Loved the hotel hated the city	Hooray for Hotel Kapok, an oasis in Beijing. Location is great, central but just that little bit off the beaten track and in an area which feels authentically Chinese (unlike in the area just down the road full of the plush hotels which could be anywhere). Three good restaurants a stone's throw away - one next door in a hotel (out the door, turn right), buffet lunch for 68Y each including drinks. Cantonese restaurant with great Peking Duck, out of the door, turn left, on the corner with big flashing sign. And by the Forbidden City, have a budget blow out at The Courtyard, although that's more Western fusion.Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, some speak very good English (especially the bellboy). Room great - we had a garden room on the 2nd floor. The bathroom wall is all glass, so go with a very good friend. Or you'll be good friends afterwards for sure! The bed is the hardest I have ever slept on but it wasn't an issue. A bit of noise from the neighbouring rooms - we could hear upstairs showering and next door in the throes of passion.... well at least someone's getting some. There's free cabled internet and a LCD TV, plus fridge and mini bar. They charge Western prices though - a beer is £2.50 when you can buy them in the supermarket 2 roads down for 39p. Also there's a charge for tea and coffee, plus one of those nasty fake milk sachets is 40p - that's a bit tight, but then everyone wants your cash in Beijing. Do what we did and help yourself to some extra teabags at breakfast time. And some milk. One up for us - ha. Breakfast is extensive but somehow misses the mark.Very glad we stayed here. It proved a comfortable oasis in a city we couldn't wait to leave. So if you really must come to Beijing, at least stay here!	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent	We stayed 4 nights in Hotel Kapok. The location of this hotel is superb. Close to Wanfujing and around the corner of the Forbidden City. The staff is very helpful and friendly and spoke decent English. The design of the hotel is modern and clean. And their prices (EUR 70 a night) are the best in town. Try also the spa (I think it was called dragonfly) which is located next to the hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	rundown "boutique" hotel	Boutique has now too often become a generic term for a small corporate hotel with glitzy furniture and an overall white look. this one is pleasant to the eye, but one should just look! it's an incredibly poorly built place, which means one can hear what happens in the room next door, the shower from upstairs, the climate control, etc. the overall feeling is that it is rundown if clean. while the location is excellent, this hotel needs serious improvement.staff is courteous and helping, and the food was decent.	
Apr 5 2009 	Very cool hotel	We spent the first two nights of our trip to China at this hotel. We chose it because of the excellent reviews and the fact that it was just 5 minutes walk from the East Gate of the Forbidden City. We were certainly not disappointed! We chose a courtyard room and loved the cool design, especially the bathroom. Staff were helpful and courteous, especially the doorman who helped us arrange a trip to the Great Wall. We ate twice in the restaurant and the food was reasonably priced and delicious. It was just a few minutes walk from the Night Market, where a host of strange delicacies were on offer - it was colourful to see, but we were warned off buying the food by a local, who told us that we risked a seriously upset stomach! It was also just a few minutes walk from the main shopping street, Wanfujing although it was actually located in a very interesting hutong area. For the price, we found this hotel to be unbeatable!	
Apr 3 2009 	Great hotel if you know what you want	I stayed for three nights at this charming, modern hotel. It has a terrific location on a tree lined street which is different than most of the larger hotels in Beijing. The staff was friendly and personable. The rooms are fun, clean and attractive. Mine had a patio. I thought it was a great deal for the price and would stay again.However, if you are a five star hotel person, and demand that kind of service, this might not be your place. Their English is only OK and there are some quirks to the place. But if you're young (or young at heart), easy going and dread staying at huge corporate hotels, this could be the perfect place for you.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great hotel - with minor issues to keep in mind	I recommend this hotel highly - great location, convenient places nearby (ie Quickie-mart, Subway place, massage place, and some decent restaurants), nice clean rooms, and internet connection included.When we checked in, they did not have a non-smoking room available, as this was specifically requested in our reservation. Staff tried to show us other rooms and seemed to indicate that it was not a smoking room &quot;today&quot;! Non-smoking rooms have a sign right on the door to indicate, and the 6th floor is all non-smoking. They were all booked; this went on for an hour while they showed us several rooms. Finally, one of the cleaning staff (not front desk staff) indicated there was a non-smoking room that had just been renovated for minor repairs, and was not generally available, but they made it available to us. The rest of the stay was fine once we had what we paid for.We had the Courtyard room. Decent size room for the price, but rooms were not designed for a business traveler. We had to pull the internet connection wire to the side and create a little workstation with the sitting chair 6 ft away. Very uncomfortable, but it worked.	
Mar 30 2009 	Modern hotel close to the acient forbidden city. Stay here is a must.	If you like modern sleek design, this is the hotel for you in Beijing. Spacious reception, friendly staff, including the very helpful door staff. Only down side is that there is no real seating area, a problem when I was waiting for a visitor. Rooms well equipped with free internet, fashion room - bring your own laptop.Excellent buffet breakfast covering western and Chinese cuisine.Price - pre booked in UK, but when my Chinese colleges heard the price they got me to cancel and they re-booked the same room for approx. 33% cheaper. Excellent price for an excellent hotel.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!!	Nice and clean hotel in the perfect location. Next to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing Shopping Area. Closer to Bejing APM Mall end of Wangfujing rather than Oriental Plaza end of Wangfujing. It's not close to subway. But Taxi is the main transport within Beijing.The bathroom needs a little bit of extra work to maintain and keep clean due to the color of its white tiles.	
Feb 13 2009	A design hotel needs diligent maintenance and housekeeping to keep up the look	You can't get any closer to the Forbidden City than its location. Wangfujing is also within walking distance. This is a &quot;design&quot; hotel. But to maintain a designer look, It takes a lot of work to look sleek, especially the glass bathroom. Unfortunately, the hardwares look very sleek, but the soft work fails to live up to the standard.Re taxi in front of the hotel, get off if you can't see the digits of the metre. The one took us to the airport not only hid the metre under a section of invoice but also parked in the farthest lane instead of the designated taxi lane at the airport. And he gave us a preprinted invoice and charged us triple. I wrote down the driver's name and registration no. and alerted the hotel but never got a reply.	
Feb 11 2009 	Wonderful Place - indeed home away from home	my stay at the Kapok was indeed memorable. a really cool hotel. I chanced upon some pictures of this hotel before my trip in 2007. i was wowed by the design and modern feel of the Kapok. furthermore, it was just next to the forbidden city!!I booked it straight away. the rooms are really cool and i didnt feel like leaving the hotel sometimes. honest! the toilets had floor to ceiling glass panels (dont worry there is a curtain too) and the decor of each room is simple and modern and clean. fruits were also given in the evening. the reading area in the lobby was also really nice. service from the staff was great too. its a short walk to the forbidden city and while walking over, u will chance upon some old beijing streets. really nice area. not too noisy as well.but its also near the food street and wangfujing.i hope to be back and hope i can try out their suites next time. its even nicer!	
Feb 8 2009 	Amazingly good value	Is someone having a joke? How can they offer such amazingly cool rooms and such a lovely boutique hotel in such a stunning position at this level of pricing? It is undoubtedly the best hotel value in Beijing. We were amazed on seeing the rooms on offer. True it was New Year and the demand for rooms was low but still it was something of a bargain.Things started a bit badly - we complained because the water in our room was slow flowing and the hot took such a long time to come through. However we were immediately moved to a better room which meant a free upgrade. We had our own small garden and a much larger room all for about £60. Though breakfast was not included.The rooms are superb, extremely stylish and well fitted out, light and airy.One small grump - each room had only one bedside lamp.Suites have their own pc with broadband.The hotel reception space is attractive and spacious with a small library area.We didnt try the restaurant but it certainly looked good from what we could see. The Business Centre was up to date and efficient. Most staff spoke some English and the doormen were always friendly and on hand.Superb value.	
Jan 27 2009	very nice hotel!	Very nice hotel! We were staying in Kapok, in July 2008 for about 5 nights. Hotel from outside looks a bit strange (I love it), but some people may think is ordinary and kind of ugly but the treasure is hidden inside. Nice lobby, big restaurant, and I don't know why was every single night empty but food was extraordinary with great service. Rooms were big, spacious and always clean. Amazing glass bathrooms. Hotel is very close to Forbidden city, and basically just 100 meters away from one of the best restaurants I have ever eat, and how called Conde Nest Traveller Top 50 Hot Tables, with amazing wine list. not far from the hotel on a way to Forbidden city there is another nice place for fantastic brunch and breakfast called &quot; Grandma's kitchen&quot; try the french toast!!!	
Jan 8 2009 	Boutique hotel in a terrific location	Despite its funny name, the Kapok is a sophisticated hotel whose interesting design doesn't sacrifice on comfort. You can see the Forbidden city from its top floors (the East Gate is a block away) and it's very close to the Wangfujing shopping street. It was a great place to decompress and orient ourselves to Beijing after the long journey from the States.	
Dec 30 2008 	Good location nice hotel under renovation however...	First thing first you must take the address in Chinese as no-one knows the hotel, there are many many hotels in Beijing and with this being a new one they dont know it, I left my chinese address at home so we had fun finding it, should cost about 100CYN in a taxi (10GBP) HOTEL OVERALL: The hotel has a nice reception area, some staff speak good english some you can barely speak to, it depends who is working, concierge always lovely and helpful. Unfortunately the hotel was undergoing some renovation work which we were not informed about when we booked so 8am-8pm each day there was a lot of noise and banging, not a major problem for us as we were always out but we feel the should have told us. Layout is minimal, pleasant and clean. library area is nice but was closed cos of work, real shame. ROOM; Very well designed, again clean minimal lots of fgreebies, slippers, comb, tothbrusah kit, shoeshine etc etc and robes but a lot smaller than it looked on the website. Nice big bed, was quite hard but i like it this way. Glass cube bathroom, so you need to be sharing with someone you are comfortable with, there is a curtain, but you can hear every drop so you can get stage fright! overall very nice.LOCATION; Great, literally a stones throw from one entrance to the forbidden city and 4 mins walk to Wafujing street (shops, rests etc.)	
Dec 7 2008	Good location by the forbidden city	Location close to forbidden city, only 10 mins walk. Nice local food around the neighbohood. Stay during nov2008, the library area under renovation ...noise during daytime. Compliant to the front desk and was then upgraded to higher floor to a mini suite. Excellent. Make sure to bring the hotel address card with you as many taxi drivers may not know the hotel.Calvin	
Dec 3 2008 	Absolutely Charming	Charming, The staff were so helpful. Even though there were some language barriers - they always found a way around the barrier and managed to help. They always did it in a pleasant manner as wellRoom was very very clean and nice (Courtyard room)Would definately stay here again	
Dec 2 2008 	The first hotel I've ever stayed in that I couldn't actually fault	The Kapok is a stunning little hotel right in the centre of Beijing, around 10 minutes walk from the Forbidden City of Wangfujing Street. The nearest subway station is a good 15-20 minute walk away, but taxi's are plentiful and very very cheap.From the outside it's probably best described as 'interesting' but, once inside, it's a lovely hotel. The staff are ever present and helpful - there's probably too many, but having so many people helping you as you go in and out of the hotel each day is a pleasure.The room (our was a Courtyard Room, a small upgrade) was spacious and beautifully designed. On entering there's a corridor to the main room, which is a mix of dark woods and bright white light, with a large bed and plenty of floor space. Enough storage, a large TV and an enormous mini-bar finished off the living area, while a stunning glass walled bathroom added a bit of glamour. Curtains are in place to wrap around the bathroom for those times a bit of privacy is needed. At the front of the room, and despite being on the fifth floor, we had our own garden, complete with table and chairs. Really.The bar area was again a light and spacious area, although perhaps a little expensive. That said, hotel bars are never cheap. I didn't use the restaurant, but having poked my head round the door, it looked suitably high quality - I have to assume the food matched the surroundings, but that may not be the case. In the basement is a fitness room and a tourist sales office. The latter was extremely helpful, managing to acquire, through means I didn't investigate too thoroughly, some overnight sleeper tickets that had sold out when we checked elsewhere. A small fee is charged, but nothing that would put you off. This is also where the internet PC's are, and they offered pretty good value for money.For the price (around £85 a night), it's one of the best hotels I've stayed in, and proved to be a valuable respite from the non-stop activity of Beijing.Highly recommended.	
Nov 19 2008 	Overall Very Good	Very nice, boutique style hotel. Reserved in advance thru the hotel booking agent in the US. Since everything is negotiable, in China, the request we made was to have breakfast included in the price and to upgrade room if possible. The agent assured me she would take care of it. Check in was easy but they only set-up one breakfast in the cost and no mention in the agents notes about the possible upgrade.The person on the desk was very nice and arranged for 2 breakfasts and for 8,00 per night we upgraded to a Garden Room. The garden room was attached to a 10 x 15 foot beautiful garden with bamboo and table and chairs (well worth it). We looked at the suites and they were magnificent.The lobby and breakfast room was clean and well staffed. The food was plenty, Chinese and American style. Plenty of good choices, good coffee, etc.The location was a 5 minute walk to the Forbidden City. Not the greatest area but no problems, even at 3:00 AM.Close to the snack street and easy to get around with taxis - the metro stop wasn't close/The room was beautiful. The bathroom was all glass walls with a floor to ceiling pull curtain. Everything was clean and serviced daily. Plenty of storage in modern upstyle build-ins.The staff spoke very good English and helped with tours to the Great Wall and directions anywhere. Make sure you have the hotel card- taxi drivers did not speak English.Only bad taste was on check-ou they tried to charge us for 3 washcloths my wife used to take off her make-up. They said they could not get them cleaned but I refused to pay for them. They dropped it.Overall, good location, clean hotel, good staff, fair price. Paid 153.00 per night for Garden Room with 2 breakfasts (including all service fees)	
Nov 4 2008	5 nights stay-superb deal  very close but also very isolated lousy breakfast	I booked the room through Splendia.com for about $112/nts in Last April '08 and it was the cheapest without sacrificing the quality. But there are areas you can definitely will notice it cannot be compared to 5 star hotels.Initially, the night crew tried to check me into a very small cornered room, insisting that is the deluxe. Well, it wasn't and I insisted I couldn't stay there and the pics from my reservation were not the same. All of sudden, although it was fully booked in the hotel, one deluxe room was released and I could check into the better rooms that you can see in the pics other reviewers provided here. But it gave me a wrong idea. There was nothing you can do around that area at night-after 11pm. And, we walked around the little hutong around the Forbidden city wall. That was most memorable 2 hours of walk.Then we had a very late dinner across the hotel. This was a very small eatery where the humble locals hang out after finishing days hard works, The owner was a very handsome guy with great smiles to us, and he chose 4 dishes for two of us. And, it was most delicious meal I had for the entire 2 week stay in China. And, the food only cost us $13 with drinks. Unfortunately I did not know how to pronounce the name but it was next to the mart/convenient store across the hotel and it is open till 3-4am. Well, the location is great, at first, as you can walk easily to Tienanmen Square-20-30min., Yes, it is like walking in Moscow and things are really far stretched out but you could almost sea the east gate to the city wall. Very grand. But, at night, it is frustrating as the bicyclists approach you to trade something all along, or, even the bell boys cannot find taxi and we had to walk to the main street. The street itself is very dark but it is just like anywhere in beiing and I rather like it. There is no threat with the locals and you will feel safe anywhere.The bed was great, and the gas mask in the room was a bit funny. The shower glass booth is the excellent gesture with the curtain surrounds. The view to the outside is a wall and you would not want to peek out as it is a drab neighboring building just across a narrow alley.The breakfast room is still nicely located but I would not even compare it to that of Holiday or Ramada Inn in USA at $10. But, there is no other option around the hotel for the morning really. When we went to Silk Market and other new developmed area with CCTV, I found bigger hotels with Western Scale Boulavards but I thought the choice we made was still good and it was a definitely different experience as we actually stayed on/in the hutong, the old neighbors along the castle walls. That made the Kapok special. But, the taxi driver did not know the name even with the fully printed address in Chinese. So, that is the minus. If you like a good deal, you will be pleasantly surprised with the room decor and its size. And, If you like to hit two great walls locations in one day, hire a taxi driver for a day- $130 +$20 tip including a 1 hour drive over the olympic sites. it took us 12 hours and it was worth it for two.The hotel staff, Zhao Yao and Andy Liu speak decent English and their help outshined the minor incconveniences. They were really helpful., And, they wouldn''t take my tips initially on the check out day. But, in the street, the ordinary Beijing people are not that cool, but they are definitely peaceful and I find them more charming than Shanhai people. I hope they stay the same when i return someday.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great location	The Hotel Kapok is in a great location in central Beijing. It is a short walk from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. Further down the road it is in is the city's night food market - complete with deep fried silk worms and crickets. It is also near the Wangfujing shopping area.We paid for the cheapest-rate courtyard room but on arrival were upgraded to a suite. This was fantastic - spacious, huge bath, and included a computer with free internet access.The only niggles are the services. We booked a private trip to the great wall through the hotel's travel booking service, which was very poor. Room service always came with mistakes (the staff answering the phone didn't speak much English). The restaurant's breakfast buffet had a lot of choice but the food wasn't great quality e.g. stale, hard pastries and muffins.But on the whole I would heartily recommend this hotel because of it's great location and nice rooms.	
Oct 20 2008 	A hidden treasure	We just returned from 2 nights at Kapok Hotel in Beijing. Their committment to service was excellent in all regards with doormen, reception desk, business travel center, housekeeping and morning buffet food service. The evening staff went out of their way to provide a box and packing tape for us before we departed.Other high points: excellent morning buffet (not included in our room rate), free internet service, and excellent location near the Forbidden City.Our Fashion room was fun-modern style with glass bathroom walls (and curtains to pull if desired). Overall a refreshing, clean, friendly, fun hotel. We will definitely recommend this hotel. Especially good for couples, also newlyweds. Be sure to ask for a Fashion Room on the courtyard.	
Oct 19 2008 	Fantastic Kapok - loved it!	We loved the Kapok so much we stayed there 3 times over a 3 week period while coming and going from Beijing! It is in a fabulous location, is modern and funky, has a great bar and restaurants and fantastic staff. Added to this was the excellent price. We'll definitely go back.	
Oct 16 2008 	Loved the Kapok!	We spent 4 nights at the hotel Kapok, and really liked it! Location is excellent, between historic attractions, shopping district, and the night street market! Kapok is a beautiful, very modern,not too big (some 7 floors) boutique hotel, it has a nice, contemporary decor with lovely courtyards and beautiful plants. A feature of this hotel are that some walls are glass, so there's plenty of light. We had a courtyard room which had access to a lovely little garden. The room was large, very nice and modern, with a sleek design, hardwood floors, with a huge, extremely comfortable bed. The bath has glass walls, and it's very large, it has lots of supplies and a nice rainforest shower, which is not environmentally responsible (uses too much water) but is nice nevertheless. The room had a minibar, with complimentary juices and water, TV, desk, a large window and three closets. Room and bath were spotless, and towels, sheets were new and very clean too.Breakfast was very good, with a lot of nice options (Chinese and Western style) for all palates. The staff was professional and friendly, they all spoke good English. They kept our suitcase for 10 days while we were traveling in China, which was nice. Our rate was 780rmb per night with two breakast, very reasonable for a very nice, clean, superbly located hotel!	
Oct 16 2008 	Good hotel good location no complaints	Booked a 3 night stay in a courtyard room for RMB928 a night including buffet breakfast for 2 through ctrip.com. Upon arrival at the airport, we took a taxi to the hotel, and the bill came to RMB132. I had printed out the hotel address in Mandarin (found it on the internet) for the taxi driver and so there was no confusion on his part as to the location. Check in took about 10-15 minutes although we were the only ones there. Upon walking into our room on the 3rd floor, I had the feeling that we'd been given a cheaper room (the room wasn't prepaid) so I went back to reception and enquired about the different types of courtyard rooms. We were then moved to another room on the 5th floor which had access to a little garden. This room was slightly bigger as well, and I was assured that I needn't pay more for it. The receptionist who dealt with my request for a room change was quite patient and friendly and even helped us move our luggage (not sure where the porter had gone).No complaints about the room. We didn't spend much time in it anyway as we were out sightseeing all day. The buffet breakfast was quite good and my husband and I stuffed ourselves every morning as we normally skip a proper lunch when we're out sightseeing. My husband had bacon, eggs made to order, toast, muffins. Other things on offer - fruits, pastries, noodles, fried rice, stir fried chicken or pork, sausages, cereals, yogurt, etc... We had two young ones with us aged 2 and 4, and since the buffet breakfast was only for 2, I gave them some instant oats in the room before we came down for breakfast, and then gave them a muffin or some banana chips from the breakfast table just to keep them occupied. We were made to sign a bill everyday at breakfast although we told the staff in charge that breakfast was included in our room rate. In the end, we weren't charged extra for it. On the last day, the staff had an additional bill for the children but I told him that I'd only given them some chips as they'd already eaten in their room so he then took the bill away. The proper entrance to the Forbidden City is about a 15 minute walking distance to the hotel but you could get on a bus from the Eastern Gate (which is 5 minute walking distance from the hotel) and transported to the other entrance for 1 yuan per person. The Wangfujing Shopping Street and the Donghuamen Night market are all walking distance from the hotel. On our last night, we stayed at a hutong hotel, the Double Happiness Courtyard Hotel, which was also very nice. If you are a first timer to Beijing and are there for sightseeing, then I would highly recommend the Kapok Hotel simply because it is a good hotel in a very good location.	
Oct 9 2008 	Nice clean hotel very close to Tiananmen and Forbidden City	We wanted to stay somewhere other than franchised hotel like Hyatt, and this seems like a good choice for us. We stayed at the courtyard room and because of our limited time in Beijing, the location of the hotel is perfect for us. we dont have to travel too far anywhere. Service is excellent, they assist us about our sightseeing plan in Beijing.  One bad things is taxi ride to the hotel is kinda hard unless you can speak mandarin, explaining to them how to get here can be pretty challenging, but manageable.	
Aug 22 2008 	Avoid the Kapok Hotel!! Terrible customer service!	We stayed at the Hotel Kapok in Beijing for 11 nights during the Olympic Games in August 2008 as part of our honeymoon. We had pre-booked the accommodation (a Courtyard room) about 9 months in advance using asiahotels.com/hotelclub.net and had a pre-paid voucher for the entire stay with us.We arrived after a long 15 hour trip and presented the voucher to the front desk manager. After examining the voucher for about 20 minutes due to a lack of English language capabilities we were informed that the hotel would not be honouring the voucher since the rates that we had paid were &quot;too cheap since it was the Olympics&quot;. Apparently we would be able to stay in the hotel for 2 nights only before needing to move out. We explained that we had pre-paid and booked the accommodation in advance and the fact that the hotel had agreed to the rates then meant that we had a valid contract to stay at the prices we had paid. The front desk manager checked us in for 2 days saying she would try and extend our stay.At this point we contact Hotelclub.net in Australia and requested them to sort out the issue and they said they would follow up on this. Approximately two hours later we receive a call from the front desk saying we will need to move out of the hotel since Government officials had booked all the rooms and we would not be able to stay in the hotel. Again we informed Hotelclub about this. Over the course of the next 2 days we were hassled by the hotel staff to the extent that they sent porters to our door to try and remove our luggage from our room, whilst Hotelclub was very ineffective in resolving the problem. Their resolution consisted of trying to move us to a lower grade hotel which we rejected or to a sister hotel of the Kapok that no one had heard of. Both of these options were not satisfactory to us. As far as we were concerned the issue was between Hotel Kapok and Hotelclub to sort out as regards rates/bookings etc. we had a valid confirmation voucher and were now being evicted from our room.In the end Hotel Kapok &quot;managed&quot; to find us another room where we could stay which was of a lower standard then we had booked (a regular room vs. a courtyard room) and did not have any windows, only a roof light. Moreover, the bathroom is surrounded by clear glass and unlike the courtyard room which has a curtain to surround the bathroom, our second room did not have this and was clearly meant for single occupancy only. To add insult to injury throughout the time we were there, we did not see a single Government official and the only other occupants we saw were Western tourists. Cleaning staff also confirmed that the rooms were empty and there was no reason for all the problems we had experienced that wasted 2 days of our honeymoon and ruined the start of our Beijing visit.No apologies, explanations etc. have followed from either Hotel Kapok or Hotelclub. In addition, when we were checking out, the front desk staff tried to charge us again for the nights we had stayed at the hotel despite us again presenting the pre-paid hotel voucher. It took another 30 minutes to sort this issue out.Overall, I would recommend avoiding this hotel as the level of customer service is sub-standard considering the rates they charge and I would recommend at staying at one of the well-known brands whilst in Beijing (e.g. The Grand Hyatt, Regent Hotel, Peninsulta etc.) as the locally-owned boutique hotels still have a way to go with regards to their understanding of customers.This is a shame as the hotel has a lot of things going for it: cleanliness, excellent location for shopping on Wangfujing and visiting the main sites in Central Beijing (Forbidden city, Tiananmen square, Temple of Heaven etc.). We are both seasoned travellers and this is the first time that I have really been shocked by the standards of service and respect for customers, and will be following up with the management at both Hotelclub.net and Hotel Kapok to re-iterate our concerns about the treatment we were subjected to.	
Aug 7 2008 	Close to Forbidden City	Wow what a modern looking hotel! The outer shell of the building is too 'artisy' for my wife and I but the inside (reception area) is fabulous looking! Very modern and the staff were always very helpful! The room is breathtaking! The all glass washroom is different and took some getting use to but the hardwood floors, firm queensize bed, flat screen TV, high speed internet made this a 4 star hotel with a 2 / 3star price!The daily maid service is outstanding as they gave us 4 bottles of mouth wash, shampoo, plenty of soaps and nice towels!The hotel is located blocks from the famous Wangfujing Road (lots of food and shopping) and you can literally walk straight into the Forbidden City (only several blocks north of this hotel).I recommend trying the nearby Golden Jaguar buffet. It's only 198 RMB per person for lunch and it puts some of the Las Vegas buffets to shame! Also free booze ...yes free Bud beer on tap, white and red wines, ciders, etc. All free with price of admission!If you want a lighter meal, go to the food court at the nearby mall on Wangfujing road! All meals are about $3 CND and are north american sizes!!	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Location	Ideal location for walking around the city. Modern hotel not sure about the glass bathroom!! We didn't spend any time in the bar as is basically just reception but clean and a good price.	
Jul 6 2008 	Perfect for Us!	We stayed in the Fashion Suite and it was perfect for us. A very large room with large bed and two modern sofas (for my teenage boys to sleep on) - the room was very comfortable for FOUR of us - even though I think the official max is 3 people. They were happy to make up the sofas with quilts and pillows! The bathroom was fabulous with a round tub the size of a hottub! We arrived to a fruit plate water and juices - very nice!The location was perfect - walkable to Tiananmen, Forbidden City, evening food market and lots of shopping. Staff was very friendly, but Engish lacking (no biggie for us). I would definitely stay here again!Breakfast buffet was very good.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great location simple hotel	Stayed in the hotel Kapok for three days in June 08, and found it to be a great location, with friendly staff, simple, clean rooms and well managed. My room was not that large, and had no view to speak of, but had small patio doors that opened onto a small courtyard garden area (shared with the room next door). Free internet access was a bonus, but the breakfasts were really expensive - not a problem as I ate at street food stalls, and if you want it there are lots of places to eat at the malls on Wangfujing St. a few hundered metres away. The location is brilliant for eating, with a great array of street food available at the night market 200m to the East, and top-notch (and expensive) dining at the Courtyard restaurant 200m to the west.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good hotel; great location	Modern and Design hotel in the heart of Beijing. 5-10 minutes walk to the forbidden city, 5 minutes walk to shopping area. My room was clean and the service good. Obviously the staff speaks poor english but that's common in China. I would recommend a room on the court side as they are much more quieter. I tried the local tourist agent, and took a tour to the great city. If you don't mind the attempts to forced sales (again common in China), it's a good deal. I will stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights in June. The hotel is in a great location, the Forbidden City is at the end of the road, about 5 minutes walk, Tianamen sq is also very close by as is the shopping area (10 minutes walk).The staff were friendly and helpful, the room (fashion room) was spacious and modern, everything was also very clean. We tried the breakfast for one day, it was a buffet with quite a large variety but at 80rmb it is quite expensive compared with what you can buy outside.Overall the hotel is excellent value for money and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 20 2008	Unbeatable!	We had two nights here on our own after a three night paid-for stay at the plush Beijing Shangrila. This was just what we wanted. In the heart of the historic centre, with the Forbidden City a 5-minute walk away and Tiananmen Square not much more. Also minutes away was the upmarket shopping area of Wanfujing with excellent malls and great food- including the not-to-be-missed Quanjude Roast Duck restaurant. The famous Snack Street is just around the corner with snake, dragon-fly, scorpion, silk-worm, and run-of-the-mill fish and fowl, fruit and vegetables on the menu!The hotel is shiny, clean and modern. Our twin-room was spacious with lots and lots of cupboard space, large bathroom, robes, slippers, electronic safe...all the mod cons. Only minusno free tea and coffee in the room. The facilities were there, from kettle to the sachets of milk and sugar, but all chargeable. Luckily we knew this rom previous Tripadvisor reviews so we carried our own! Oh yes! While the bathrooms and cupboards lit up very brightly, the light in the room was a little dim- not good enough to read comfortably. But no matter. We weren't in Beijing to read. The staff was excellent. With passable English, always attentive and smiling and helpful with directions. Previous reviews suggest they aren't too forthcoming with nearby-restaurant recommendations. No wonder. We found the Chinese eateries across the hotel rip-offs. Definitely charging more than double for the English-language menus.The exception being Grandma's Kitchen for a European menu with free delivery for a minimum order of 50 yuan. Try them for breakfast. The hotel's rate is 80 yuan for middling fare. The Reception gives out the hotel's card with its address in Chinese and a small list of phrases one might need to use. English for us, Chinese equivalent opposite. Very handy. I loved this place. Hated leaving! Made our trip to Beijing a happy one.	
Jun 17 2008 	Pleasant Hotel in Amazing Amazing Location	Hotel Kapok is in an unbelievable location. Its just a 5 minute walk to the Forbidden City, 8 mins to Tiananmen Square, and 4 mins to one of the longest shopping streets in the inner city district. Very affordable at just 100US a night, the American restaurant downstairs offers delicious food at great prices. Check-in was seamless but concierge is a bit brisk in patience when asking about recommendations for restaurants to eat at outside the hotel, or asking about finding certain places. A tour company has a stand by the elevators so arranging tours is efficient and relatively inexpensive although I negotiated with them on prices for a 2 person personal tour, saving 100rmb each, and later realized that other companies in the area are still 50-70rmb or so cheaper. They were very prompt and accomodating when we wanted to make fequent and sometimes lengthy stops for photos though, so it all worked out in the end.Rooms were quite large and everything was clean. Basic amenities such as soap, shampoo, toothbrush comb, vanity set and hair dryer are provided. Internet is complimentary and house-keeping is meticulous (although I was upset when they &quot;put up&quot; some of my clothing and personal items and I couldn't find them around at first). The bed is slightly on the hard side, but after sight-seeing and walking all day, you barely notice it.The hotel seems older compared to the new hotels around, but for price and location, it simply can't be beat. Do note that many of the taxi drivers did not seem to know where it is located (because so many are new to the city), so be sure to bring a visual map around for them when out and about or when coming from the airport. Or simply have them drop you off at the corresponding gate at the Forbidden city and walk the block or so back.	
Jun 11 2008 	Mysterious but Elegant	The exterior of the hotel is a bit mysterious as it seems to be an overlay of a greenish glass lattice over an older concrete structure. The entrance does not look like a hotel entrance but an office entrance. That said, once inside it is quite nice. There is a simple and elegant European flair to the interior design..dark hardwood floors. Single room was smallish but very clean and comfortable. Suite size room was great. Service was very friendly. Lacks a real restaurant or even a functional coffee shop, but as it is near Wangfujing there are many choices nearby. Glad I stayed and would certainly stay again.	
Jun 4 2008 	Shhh don't tell anyone about this place...	I've been very fortunate over the years to stay in a lot of very nice hotels with work, all over the world. This time it was my own money. However, I can honestly say that this is one of the nicest hotels i've ever stayed in. It's very very rare that i'm sad enough to take photos of my hotel room, but i was blown away at how cool it was. Very modern design, glass throughout, and a glass bathroom. Everyone that's seen photos has been agog, and these are friends who work in design/media and are used to 'trendy'..Plus, it's close to Wangfujing, and close to the forbidden city and Tiann'men square.There's free wifi in the lobby, the food is excellent, the staff very friendly. I was beaming for most of my stay there... The best thing is i paid £53 a night for a courtyard room..For the quality of the hotel, i'd pay £100 happily... I overheard a number of other guests raving about it as well.. Very very pleased indeed!	
May 26 2008	This place doesn't compare with the Park Plaza	Last year we stayed at the Park Plaza down the road (note there are 2 Park Plazas in Beijing) and unfortunately this year we booked late and the Park Plaza was full. We tried Hotel Kapok but it compares badly. We booked the fashion suite and while it looks pretty - the shower had holes in the silicon around the base and it leaked all over the floor, they offered a kettle in the room but you needed to pay if you wanted to have tea or instant coffee satchels to use with the boiled water (thank heavens for the all night 7/Eleven type shop in front of the hotel), there was an oil burner in the room but you needed to pay RMB4 for a candle to use it.... They also made a mess with our booking and had only 1 night registered instead of 2 and before they even allowed us to check in and go to our room after a long drive, they made me go to the business centre downstairs and print out my reservation. Overall not impressed with the service and I have seen a lot more stylish hotels. I continue to recommend the Park Plaza in Beijing.	
May 25 2008 	Great Location Great Style	After getting a great deal on Expedia for a Fashion Suite (US $175) we where so happy to find a hotel that lived up to all the hype. The room was huge, with a great walk in robe and huge bathroom with a very large round bath. As written in most reviews the beds are hard, but after all the walking you will do, you will tend to sleep on anything. The computer in the room was great for looking up travel sites whilst in Beijing and searching for directions to places.The staff are all very friendly and helpful. I probably would not bother with the breakfast as there are so many local places to eat in Beijing for next to nothing. The location of the Kapok is possible the best in Beijing. You can actually walk to the Forbidden Palace as it is only about 300 metres down the road. The main shopping strip of Beijing and the night food markets are also very close by.Overall if you are thinking of booking here I would say do it before word gets out and everyone wants to stay here.	
May 22 2008 	Ready for the Olympics	I travelled to this hotel with my husband and 17 month old daughter. We booked directly with the hotel to ensure we got a cot for the baby, and they were prepared to match the lowest available price we had found (we paid 768RMB for a double, no breakfast). We could have paid extra and gotten one breakfast thrown into the price, but there is no need - there are so many little shops and restaurants around - including the standard fast food places in a busy shopping mall about 5 minutes walk away.We were very pleasantly surprised when, on arrival, we could check in prior to the usual check-in time, and were upgraded to a suite for no extra cost! The suite was on the second floor and I worried about the street noise, but there was no problem in the end. While you can hear a few cars, there is very little noise at night.The suite was comfortable and spacious. One thing I was concerned about was the glassed bathroom - but there are two sets of curtains, block out on the inside and privacy curtains on the outside of the glass wall of the bathroom - so if you are travelling with someone who needs privacy, this can be assured. We used the curtain at night when we didn't want to wake our daughter with bright light.Another bonus was a free internet connection in the room (the suite provided a computer). There was tea and coffee making facilities but no free tea or coffee - so bring some (or buy some in the many tea shops) if you want to save some money. There is a little shop just across the road where we got drinks and milk for the baby.The staff are friendly and all speak some English.The only downsides were: a very hard bed (I am getting used to this in this part of the world) and the fact that our credit card deposit had been lost when we were checking out. So far there has been no unexpected charge on our credit card, but I am keeping my eye on our account, just in case.	
May 19 2008 	Excellent location - modern hotel	I can only subscribe to what the other travellers have said about the KAPOK. The location is great if you want to tackle all sightseeing spots in central Beijing, Forbidden City, Tienanmen etc. The Hotel rooms have nice and modern furnishing, bathrooms are striking. Downside is the WLAN connections not working and the PC available in each Room only being able to display Windows messages, boxes in Mandarin. The beds are hard....as others have mentioned which is the only downside.If you plan to leave for business trips to areas outside the first 2 rings in the early morning, expect heavy morning traffic and bear in mind that your taxi trip from the KAPOK may take quite a long time due. We ended up taking the METRO at WANFUJIN after havint been resufed by several taxis to take us to Ring 5 due to the congestions.	
May 16 2008 	Excellent Hotel Great Value Amazing Location	We just finished our 3 nights at this hotel, and it is really top notch excellent. There are many factors that make this one of the top hotels in Beijing. First, the location is outstanding, just 3 minute walk to Forbidden City and 5-10 minutes to Tiananmen Square. In the opposite direction, you walk for 5 minutes, and you're in the commercial center of Beijing. Despite the central location, the hotel is on a quiet street with not a lot of noise. There is a bicycle rental place just across the river (2 minutes walk), so if you want to do a bicycle tour, it's very easy. Also, there is a really great massage place and spa just 1 minute walk towards the Forbidden City, where you can get anything from Chinese to Foot massage at very good prices (we payed an equivalent of US $20 for 1 hour Chinese massage (which by the way is kind of harsh but interesting to experience).Second, the rooms are spectacular. We booked a basic double but got upgraded to a suite on the 5th floor and it was completely 5-stars, including a computer with connection to fast internet, flat screen tv, a large spa-sized bathtub, and an overall clean and deluxe finish. The bed was maybe a bit hard, but that's not much of a complaint. The hotel overall is very clean and stylish.Finally, the staff are very helpful and friendly. They helped us arrange a car to the Great Wall, and the price they gave us was actually the same as what Lonely Planet quotes as a minimum. By the way, if you're planning to see the GW, go early in the morning (we left at 6am) and head south on the wall when you get to Badaling. We did this and had the wall all to ourselves for 2 hours. It was magical. By the time we were coming back, the tour buses have just pulled up, and there were literally thousands of people there. Overall, I highly recommend Kapok. In fact, if I ever came back to Beijing, I would not stay anywhere else. This one is a gem.	
May 9 2008 	Good boutique hotel in BJ	I recommend this hotel to fellow travellers. Very good location for seeing the main sights. Friendly staff whose English is a lot better than my Mandarin, but not perfect. We had our 2yr old daughter with us and the hotel provided a 'baby bed' - - standard collapsible baby cot w/ bedding - - without hesitation. Rooms are decent size, good shower, very clean and modern decor. Really nothing to complain about, so perhaps I should give it 5 *s. On making the reservation, I called the hotel and negotiated the quoted rate down a little over 10%. Our rate strangely included breakfast for 1 person per day although we were 2 adults. As we were staying for 2 nights I asked at check-in if we could have our breakfast for 2 persons on the same which was readily agreed to. There is a collection of small shops and food shacks across the road where we took our other breakfast. I feel the hotel provides very good value and a pleasant experience. I stay at the Westin when in BJ on business but if I came for another holiday weekend I would stay again at the Kapok.	
Apr 24 2008 	Couldn't Find Fault	I've just spent a week in the Kapok Hotel in Beijing and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants a peaceful retreat in the heart of the city. The staff all spoke good English, very unusual but extremely useful over there, were polite and cheerful and went out of their way to be helpful. It's a boutique hotel with 89 rooms and would suit couples, single travellers or buisiness people.I was upgraded to a deluxe room free of charge, without asking and would recommend this grade if you can afford it. The room was huge and contained a relaxing area with 2 sofas and a coffee table; a long desk with a computer, flat screen monitor (there's fast, free internet usage in all rooms in the hotel) and flat screen TV; a refreshment centre (well stocked fridge, glass shelves, kettle and an area to make drinks etc all enclosed behind double doors); a huge bed, a bedside table and 2 other low tables with large table lamps. The bathroom was amazing! It was separated from the bedroom by a wall of glass and a glass door (no problems with privacy as there were curtains on the inside and outside of the glass). It had a circular, freestanding bath measuring 1.5 metres in diameter, a matching circular wash basin and circular toilet, plus a separate shower unit. There was a linen basket to drop towels in if you want them changed, weighing scales (seems standard in China), 2 stools and the bathroom was large enough to need 2 waste bins! Everything, without exception, in the room was modern, stylish, carefully designed, spacious and well thought out. It was a pleasure to spend time in the room and in the hotel in general.The lobby, bar, restaurant, gym and other areas were similarly stunningly designed and I'm sure feng shui was high on their list of priorities when the hotel was built. Breakfast and other meals in the hotel were excellent too and, of course, the service was impeccable.I've thought hard, but can't actually think of any ways in which the hotel could be improved. The hotel is in a quiet part of the street, 100 metres or so from the side of the Forbiden City, has a famous night food market at the other end of the street 5 minutes' walk away and is 6 or 7 minutes' walk from the main shopping area of Wangfujing and the Oriental Plaza, so it's not far from a lively area with plenty to do in the evenings. I felt very safe walking around the area at night.I can highly recommend the Dragonfly Spa, a 2 minutes walk down the road towards the Forbidden City and open until 1am. It's also mentioned in various travel guides and I was glad to have had massages there. They're very professional but very cheap compared with British prices!If you're wondering where to stay in Beijing, don't hesitate to book this hotel - you won't regret it!	
Apr 12 2008 	Cream of the Crop Kapok rises to the top!	This review is fresh off the oven, having returned from china only this morning. Kapok is without doubt, a great hotel, situated minutes from the forbidden city and tianamen square. It is one of those boutique hotels which break away from the norms set by bigger chains, so if you're looking for something like the sheraton or the crown plaza etc, this is not the hotel for you.However if you're looking for a complete and might i add, positive change, then Hotel Kapok is the place to stay. From outside, it has a modest appearance, but the minute you step inside the hotel, you know you've made the right choice. Built by a famed architect, its built on minimalistic lines, and the use of cubes and spaces and lights is brilliant. We stayed in a fashion room, and had a balcony as well, not that we ever used it, but it was there, and aesthetically pleasing it was. The washroom is another one of kapok's trump cards, being built entirely of glass, and that too see through. so watch out, somebody's watching you :)In general, there is a massive problem of communication in beijing if you don't know chinese, and kapok was no exception. However, the staff was very helpful, and did whatever we asked of them, without much fuss. the only issue was that we had to patiently explain to them what we wanted.if there is one thing we missed at the hotel, then it was a buffet breakfast, but that's not a point deducted, just a point not won.To cap it all, kapok is a brilliantly designed hotel, and a great place to come back to, after a hectic day's walking, sightseeing and shopping in Beijing.	
Apr 4 2008 	Okey hotel to stay	I chose this hotel, cause I was very interested in #10 ranking hotel among over 500 hotels in BJ at the rather economical price.Pls dont expect something like Penninsula or Regentwhich are ranking below this hotel at Tripadvisor.combecause you dont pay that much.For those who travel very often worldwide can accept this hotel,but for those who prefer fancy things would feel this is NOT a right hotel to stay.It is clean, but since the hotel is based on white color andhas already been years since open, you might find it shabbyjust after you enter the lobby.But you have to recall that you are not paying enough moneyto overcome your expectation.The room is okey as well.It s not big , but since the bedroom and bathroom are devided with glass, it looks bigger than it actually is.The bed is very hard, and the pillows are very poor.Free internet is an advantage if you bring along your own pc.Oh, by the way, I dont know why they dont provide tissues.The staffs are friendly, but not so much as hotels in BKK.The breakfast is also okey with variety of dishesfrom chinese to western.The location is good. close to sightseeing spots like Palace or Peoples Square, and close to shopping area.After all, the hotel is average, considering the price.Am I too severe ?I would choose other hotels if the price gets higher.	
Mar 28 2008	Excellent hotel in great location	MY TRAVEL STYLE: I hate business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the “wow” experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Perfect! 20 minutes walking distance from Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. 5 minutes walking to a very high end mall. Restaurants surround the hotel. TYPE OF ROOM: Fashion SuiteBED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Bed is on the hard side with good quality linens that were brand new and should hopefully get softer with use. Pillows are medium thickness and fine.LIGHTING: Tons of lighting in both bedroom and bathroom. Didn’t like that the light switch lights (so you can see where they are at night) light up too brightly when trying to sleep.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Incredible in the suite. Round tub is excellent and the shower has medium shower pressure with the hot water never running out. Towels are of excellent quality.TOILETRIES: Good, nothing too special, but fine.CLEANLINESS: The entire room and hotel is very cleanA/C: A/C and heat works quietly and quickly would get the room warm or cool.CLOSET SPACE: Walk in closet is one of the most impressive seen in any hotel. Huge!STYLE OF ROOM: Contemporary and beautiful. Wouldn’t change much here. The room has floor to ceiling windows and runs for wall to wall, impressive!QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: The room was very quiet with the exception of music that would play during the daytime from across the street. Almost sounded like being next to a nightclub but not as loud. If you require complete silence, you may have better luck asking for a room away from the street that is in front of the hotel. Curtains would block out all morning sun light.FOOD: We only had room service which was mediocre (pizza &amp; soup). Would suggest ordering from Grandma’s kitchen one block away with free delivery.TV/INTERNET: TV is flat screen and of good size for the room. About 3-5 channels in English including a few movie channels. Internet is very fast and included at no charge (via wire only). There is a computer in our room if you don’t have laptop with you. SERVICE: Staff are very helpful with good enough English to answer any of your travel questions. We were very disappointed with the housekeeping that wouldn’t replace towels, clean very well, and replace toiletries often enough.COMMON AREA: Exterior of building is not so nice but the lobby is good with a semi-hip feel to the environment. There is a bar in the lobby and places to hang out but I would rather spend my time in the beautiful fashion suite or some of the nicer bars in Beijing with better atmosphere. No pool. The gym equipment looked new, but the location is strange since it is out in the open in the dark basement below (but the gym is lighted well). ROOM &amp; CITY TIPS: There is a travel agent in the basement that can provide tours and airline/train tickets. Definitely splurge for the fashion suite as it is a very worthwhile upgrade. If you don’t have breakfast included, Grandma’s kitchen is a 3 minute walk away and has western style breakfast (they deliver at n/c too). Also, there is a starbucks at the oriental plaza mall (basement of the mall on the right side once you cross the main pedestrian path). Booking through a source other than the hotel provided us with half price rooms.	
Mar 17 2008 	Amazing Hotel in perfect location	This hotel was unexpectedly AWESOME. Our suite was amazing, large, dark wood floors, contemporarily decorated and furnished, computer w/ internet in our room, flat screen TV, and a bathroom to die for..... all glass walls overlooking street, glass walls in bathroom! and a soup bowl bath tub... about 4' round &amp; 2 1/2' deep and a great shower. (even the standard rooms are very nice) the breakfast was interesting with both local and western selections. the staff was helpful. the location was the reason i selected the hotel (thank you trip advisor) as it is only 2 blocks from the Forbidden City and about 8 blocks from Tiannenman Square. Several cafes on both of the streets to choose from which we did....with interesting and pleasing results....	
Mar 17 2008 	Winner!	Stayed at Kapok from March 13-16, 2008 and we loved it! The Hotel is modern, sleek and very stylish. It has a unique sense of style not typical of a Chinese hotel. Hotel staff can speak a bit of english and are friendly. We booked through the internet and got a fashion room for 680 CNY per night . The room has a king-sized bed (fits 3 guests of asian built) and a see-through bathroom made of transparent glass. No need to worry though, they made sure curtains are available to cover the whole bathroom and give privacy to the user. The best thing about this hotel is its location. Positioned in the middle of Wangfujing and the Forbidden City, both tourist spots are walking distance away (5-10 minutes). Night Food Strip is also nearby for the adventure eaters. Scorpions and silk worms are among the most exotic ones I saw.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great hotel!	When we were in Beijing we started by staying in a typical old-fashioned court yard hotel. However our second day walking around the city we accidently walked by Kopac hotel and were intrigued by the interesting facade of the building. We asked to see one of the rooms and decided directly to leave our other hotel and move to Kopac. The rooms are new, modern and clean. The bathroom in my room was pretty &quot;cool&quot; with only glass walls. There are curtains to give you privacy however they are still see-through. So if you are not comfortable sharing &quot;private&quot; moments with your room-mate than ask for a room that has a bathroom with at least one &quot;real&quot; wall!  The beds are very hard. I love hard beds however my travel companion was having a hard time sleeping.  The staff spoke sufficient english and were friendly and helpful. The location was great with walking distant to many interesting parts of the city.This was probably one of the best hotels I have stayed in.	
Feb 14 2008 	Really nice hotel.....	Stayed here in January and thought it was a great hotel. We had a suite and it was a really good size with lovely sofas and big bed (albeit a bit hard!). The bathroom was fabulous and had the biggest bath I had ever seen! Location was great - walking distance to Forbidden City and Tianamen Square and frequent taxis to take us anywhere further!Staff were really helpful in helping us with directions etc.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great location	This hotel is an excellent choice for tourists. The location is right in the center of all the activities for active travelers. Wangfujing street is the main shopping area for tourists and it is right next to the Forbidden City.  My wife and I walked to Tianenmen Sq, Forbidden City, Beihai Park, and several other parks in the area.  The hotel is unexceptional on the outside but inside it is very modern and clean. The rooms are unique with all the glass and mirrors and lights. A real treat!!! Broadband internet was free also, along with one complimentry buffet breakfast.  The staff were very helpful getting me a taxi to the Great Wall at a good price and an excellent driver. The same driver took me to the airport for an early departure also. The bottom floor has an excellent gym and travel agency which got me overnite tickets to Shanghai. The staff at the hotel desk even let us leave some of our baggage in their storeroom while we were gone for a few days until we returned. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great stay at the Kapok	This was a generally pleasant stay for us, certainly different in character to the Novotel Peace Beijing, where we stayed for the earlier part of our trip. The location is excellent, in a quieter area, yet a stone’s throw to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping areas. Although sitting in an older building, the hotel interior is totally refurbished and spanking new. The modern, boutique style will sit well with younger travelers and those averse to the overblown and faded grandeur of the older hotels. Reception and related service was excellent, very friendly and helpful although we did have to speak in Chinese to be very effective. The business centre was terrible however – the staff was un-knowledgeable to the extreme, and although polite, lacked any sort of initiative and helpfulness.The rooms are clean-cut with modern layout (interesting all-glass bathroom), and space was adequate. Overall very comfortable and squeaky clean surroundings. Contrary to previous reviews, the heating in our room worked extremely well, unlike in other hotels in Beijing we stayed in. Some of my fellow travelers complained that the lighting was slightly too dim (sacrificing functionality for design). Opposite the hotel are several local food shops, which are great for an early and authentic breakfast. The Donghuamen Night Market just down the street is a great evening experience. Spa lovers shouldn’t miss Dragonfly Spa just a few doors away – fantastic massages at a very reasonable priceI would recommend this hotel for younger travelers and those who are pretty self-sufficient (i.e. do not need the huge breakfasts etc of hotel chains). Do remember to bring the hotel card everywhere you go, and use the Donghuamen night market as a reference for taxi drivers who will not know this hotel 99% of the time.	
Nov 4 2007 	Fashionably Fabulous	Date of Stay: October 29 to November 1,2007Room Type: Yard RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: RMB868.00 ($117.00)Reservation Method: Tour Operator in BeijingLoyalty Card: noneAirport/Hotel Transfer: Didn’t need hotel transfer because I’m just moving from the Grand Hyatt to join my friends here.Location: Located at the end of Donghuamen Road. Almost at the eastern wall of the Forbidden City and about 2 blocks away from Wangfujing road and if you’re hungy at night there is the Donghuamen Road foodie stalls.Check-in: Quick check-in, only very few staff speaks English but they do get by. I came in at 8am and they were able to get me a room immediately. Room: Quite big, it had its own garden to your left when you enter the door, there is a door but in winter its really not a good idea to stay out. A long narrow hallway opens up to a nice bedroom with an illuminated headboard. TV is quite small and channels are VERY limited. Free Broadband Internet, good closet space and glass enclosed bathroom (with curtains if you want some privacy)Bed: The bed was HARD, in fact hard might still be an understatement. The pillows were hard too. But after a long days worth of walking…its still a good place to sleep on. Breakfast: Breakfast was okay, they had traditional Chinese breakfast and some sausages, and toast…very adequate. Check-out: Check out was fast, I forgot something in my room and the housekeeping staff was quick to take it down. Overall Evaluation: A good hotel to stay in if you’re on a budget. It’s very chic but some cabbies don’t exactly know where it is so you might have some problems getting back to your hotel.	
Oct 24 2007	Kapok was great!!	After reading the reviews, I've booked this hotel on sinohotel.com...seemed to have the best rate for this hotel. We've reserved 3 rooms at this hotel, they ended up upgrading 2 of our basic room to a courtyard room. The hotel and the rooms were very clean, everything is new, modern/trendy, free internet and at least 1 staff knew how to speak english per shift. The bathroom is a see through window, however, there's curtains you can close around the bathroom (looks very trendy)! The staff there were all very helpful. My family just loved this hotel for the price we paid!	
Oct 12 2007 	Generally a good boutique hotel but some carelessness nonetheless		
Aug 13 2007 	First class in Beijing		
Aug 4 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel close to Forbidden City		
Jul 12 2007 	Boutique unique in Beijing		
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel à recommander		
Oct 28 2009 	posizione eccezionale bell'albergo		
Oct 19 2009 	Très déçue		
Sep 23 2009 	Lage Top		
Aug 31 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Jun 19 2009 	un lujo a tu alcance perfecta localizacion		
Jun 2 2009 	Pas tout a fait un hotel boutique		
May 19 2009	Der beste Deal in Beijing		
Apr 19 2009 	Qualité/prix super		
Nov 24 2008 	J'ai adoré!		
Oct 24 2008 	Superschick!		
Jun 14 2008 	Modernes Hotel in guter Lage!		
Jan 7 2008 	Hotel Design dans la ville Impériale		
