	Top notch Western Hotel in China	We recently spent four nights at this hotel and were impressed by several things. First, the rooms are definitely 5-star and well maintained. Second the complimentary breakfast was the most broad selection of menu choices we'd ever experienced. Both hot and cold menu options, both western and traditional Chinese breakfast fare. Service by concierge and bell staff was excellent. We would highly recommend for a westerner who wants the comforts of home in the midst of China.	
Nov 26 2009 	Superb stay!	Even though we arrived at the hotel long before check in time, we were taken to our room straight away. From the moment we first entered the hotel until our departure nine days later, all of the staff were fantastic. All very courteous. True service with a smile. They made us feel very welcome.Our room was situated on the 11th floor. A very stylish and comfy double room. Sui Yuan restaurant on the 3rd floor is worth a visit, especially for the peking duck with pancakes. It was to die for and at such a good price (8 GBP for a whole duck!). We were with three people and had a lot of duck left, because it was huge.The waitress was very pro active and offered to have two other dishes made of the duck. They were also excellent.Drinks at the bar on the ground floor are nice after a long day of sightseeing (they do a good Singapore sling).I don't fully agree with some of the other reviewers about the location of the hotel being a minus. As Beijing is a massive city, getting around basically takes time from any part in town. It doesn't really matter where you are, in rush hour ( 7-9 am and 5-7 pm) any ride will take long. Other than this, none of the temples and places of interest are in one part of town anyway. So no matter where you are in between the 1st and 2nd ring road, you'll have to travel! I thought this was quite pleasant too. Taxis are cheap and with traveling around the different areas you get to see a lot. Ask the concierge to write down the places you want to visit on a card in Chinese. This definitely saves a lot of heartache as a lot of taxi drivers don't speak English.Xi'dan area is a very trendy area with lots of big shopping malls and bars/restaurants. This area is approx 5 minutes by taxi from the hotel. At night this is a popular hang out for Chinese youngsters. Worth a visit at night.The Park Hyatt is a must for a meal on the 66th floor at China Grill or a drink in the bar on the 65th floor. The food is a real treat and the view is out of this world! All in all we had a superb stay at the Doubletree Hilton Beijing and would absolutely go again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Comfortable	Fantastic hotel that is managed by Hilton . Excellent breakfast ( I shared some pictures ).Kind and excellent staff . The pool water was cold in Autumn !! No body couldn't swim in that.Comfortable rooms and beds ( Really good beds ).Wireless internet in lobby.There is a big supermarket and a good CONFECTIONERY near hotel . Finding Muslim foods near the hotel is a hassle but you can buy vegetable pizza from Pappa Jonse restaurant. The nearest Subway station is not close to the hotel but you can walk to there and it takes about half an hour(ChangChun Jie station) or take a taxi to there. You can travel with 2 RMB to any station like Beijing Zoo.( There is a fantastic and cheap shopping center in front of Beijing zoo ( on top of Bus stations ) )I recommend Hilton hotels in Beijing to my friends.Sincerely	
Nov 2 2009 	very pleased very nice 5 stars	i booked 3 nights with my hilton points, was given a very nice 1 bedroom suite with acces to executive lounge, free great breakfast, evening hors d'oeuvres, drinks and wireless internet,i love it so now im staying 2 more nights in the same suite for less than 100$ with taxes, special deal at the front desk.im not pleased with internet 100 yuan, 15$ and location...10 mins taxi from nearest subway and it is very hard to get a taxi around subway stations or in the streets and had to wait up to 30 mins each time...very fustration in long winter months.everybody is very very nice and professional, i will come back for sure if i get the same deal, less then 100$ for 1 bedroom suite with acces to executive lounge.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Management	Upon arriving to this hotel, the room accomodations were not up to proper standards. Though the hotel was booked, the on-duty manager, Kenny, went far above and beyond the call of duty and not only fixed the problem, but did so with great professionalism, proficiency, and attentiveness. I and my colleagues are now very pleased with Kenny's efforts and the response of his staff, and we would highly recommend this hotel to other travelers.	
Oct 19 2009 	Amazing service and awesome staff	I must say that they have a fantastic team! Very helpful, friendly, a true service with a smile and professional (from Concierge to Front Office, Restaurant, Room Service and Housekeeping). Not a single complaint from me and my friend. This being my first trip to Beijing, I was clueless...Ray and the rest of his concierge team assist us with travel tips and transportation arrangement. Staying in Doubletree by Hilton Beijing felt like a home away from home.	
Oct 12 2009 	Everything's good except for the location	I booked this hotel via Expedia during their 2-for-1 promo. This hotel is quite new, probably built just in time for the Olympics last year. All in all, this hotel is grand and beautiful. The exterior and the interior are both very western and modern. Rooms are on the small side, judged by US standards, but very functional. By the way, loved the long sectional sofa/coach/chaise along the floor-to-ceiling window. The amenities are adequate of the Hilton standard. Restaurants serve good breakfast buffet and decent meals. Tip: there is another breakfast buffet location up on the business floors, if you want to escape the hectic crowd in the main hall - but choices of food items are limited at this location. All in all, quite satisfied with the services and the price I paid. One thing - although this hotel is located just outside the 2nd Ring Road on a main avenue, it is actually not close to any major sites or a subway station. Sometimes, taxis are hard to find. And often, you end up sitting in the traffic for a long time to get somewhere.	
Oct 9 2009 	5 star luxury at a 3 star price	As its a relatively new hotel, all facilities are fresh and new. A grand entrance hall awaits you where your bags are taken to your room after check in. All staff were particularly friendly and welcoming. On the ground floor there is a sublime warm and cozy bar, adjacent to the restaurant / breakfast room. The rooms are modern and spacious, with the finest decor and facilities. The hotel also features a 3rd floor outdoor roof garden, swimming pool and health spa. A 4 star rating doesnt really do it enough justice.	
Sep 9 2009	nothing was too much trouble - friendly clean and beautiful	Lovely hotel with beautiful rooms. Staff friendly and helpful - nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast wonderful, as there was a large Chinese food counter and also a well stocked Western breakfast counter. Noticing that I was breakfasting alone, a friendly girl attendant brought me a newspaper to read and that was typical of the kind of service you got there. The air-con control was difficult to work out but when I phoned reception, someone came within a few minutes and sorted it with a smile..The fitness suite and pool were spotlessly clean, attractive and fresh.The hotel reception coped admirably and were not fazed by the arrival of 140 of us - even giving us padlocks for our luggage when we left for an overnight train journey.It's not central but the location is pleasant and - yes - taxis are cheap.	
Aug 17 2009 	Book an Executive Floor Room and enjoy the view and SUPERB services t the Executive Lounge.	Excellent services from Front Desk, Concierge, Car Attendants, Executive Lounge staffs are SUPERB...Nearby Subway Station is just a Taxi ride away (about 10-15 CNY)!	
Aug 2 2009 	I enjoyed being there!	Excellent Breakfast, Charming personnel, Real Exchange Rate with no extra fees but not more than US $ 300!	
Jul 18 2009 	Very good service and hotel decoration	This is the best hotel in Xuan Wu District, Beijing. Hotel is very new and staff is very warm and friendly. Wonderful faclities, swimming pool on the rooftop garden very good feeling after a hard day work. I will definite come back to this hotel on my next trip.	
Jul 12 2009 	Doubletree-Beijing - Great Room Front Desk Conceirge and Service	My wife and I recently took our 13 year old Grandson to Beijing. We booked early with the Doubletree and worked via phone and email with their Conceirge team to help plan our stay. They were terrific. They arranged guide services, tours, and evening events before our arrival. When asked, they made adjustments to the plans and were simply a joy to work with. And the breakfast buffets had Grandson Will's eyes popping. The food was terrific, interesting, and plentiful. The service crew was also very good. Our 2 bedroom suite was spacious and very comfortable.We really did get 5-Star treatment throughout our stay. Thanks Doubletree-Beijing!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel helpful staff but ......	We stayed at the Doubletree for 4 nights on the last leg of our trip to HK and China. It is a great hotel, very modern and our room was excellent; it is quite quirky to have the glass wall in the bathroom, as can be seen from the photos posted by other members. The breakfasts were everything you would expect from a hotel of this class and we also enjoyed the meals we had in the restaurant, which we also thought were very reasonably priced. There was nothing actually that we could find fault with about the hotel, ..... apart from it's location. For us, it was a little too far from the centre of Beijing. Because of the location we were the first 'pick up' for our tours (usually at 7.00am) and then the coach would spend up to 2 hours picking up from other hotels. At the end of each day we were the last couple to get dropped off - normally around 6.00pm. No criticism here, and each tour was completely fantastic, but it did mean that we really felt that we couldn't face travelling back into the centre of the city at night. It sometimes felt like quite an ordeal facing the very heavy traffic. This was the only small complaint that we had and this is the only reason that I wouldn't recommend the hotel to a friend. We organised a tour of the Hutongs through the concierge and our guide for this was delightful and I'd like to recommend her to anyone out there planning to visit Beijing. Her name is Skye and she would be happy to arrange tours to the Hutongs, the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, Temple of Heaven etc etc. If anyone wants an excellent guide, or any tours organised, in Beijing, feel free to contact me and I will let you have her email address.	
Jul 5 2009 	Good service Comfortable room Nice rooftop garden	I've been this Doubletree for 5 days, which located in long historical district of downtown Beijing, It has friendly service, good restaurants, comfortable rooms, so many wonderful art works, and especially a pretty good rooftop garden including an in-door swimming pool near the seperate spa rooms and gym. That's totally an unforgetable experience in Beijing.	
Jun 28 2009 	Terrible location 	We stayed at the Doubletree for 5 nights while visiting Beijing. The hotel turned out to be a disappointment. Its location is not near any of the major Beijing attractions. There are bus stops near by but with the heavy traffic congestion in Beijing, it takes about an hour by car to get to Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven or Olympic Village. Metro is the best bid but metro stop is not near by. You'll have to take a taxi or bus to get to the metro stop. Beijing Taxi is just like in NY City or any other major city, you better have a idea of the distance and cost. The Concierge desk is just too busy trying to get us to go on a package tour every time we ask for directions. We asked for a City map at the concierge but this hotel had no map what so ever. We were given a faded copy of metro map in black &amp; white. We asked for directions to Mutianyu Great Wall and was told that there were only two ways to get there 1. Join a tour for $320 Chinese yuan (about $50 US) per person or 2. Hire a Hotel car for $600 Yuan (about $95 US). I found out from the Information Desk at the Forbidden City to take the dedicated Bus line #6 to Mutianyu Great Wall for $50 yuan (about $8 US) round trip. Another disappointment, our room was not serviced after the first night. We got back to the room at 10 pm to find the room not cleaned or made up. We were just too tire to be bothered. I told the front desk next morning and thereafter was fine but no wash cloth. The swimming pool was not open during our stay.There is restaurant onsite but pricy. You can go to the restaurants across the street for a great meal for 1/3 of the cost. Don't be afraid to mingle with the locals, we found great food and value than the hotel would tell us. The room rate does not include breakfast or internet access. There is additional $120 yuan (about $20 US) for 24 hours internet connection which is very high. Overall, the hotel is new, the room size is same as that of a typical hotel in the US, quiet and comfortable. The location is not desirable, not convenient or near any attractions. The concierge service is poor and hard to get any information. We had great time in Beijing with many thanks from tips provided by locals and City Information Office.	
May 30 2009 	Great hotel - excellent rooms - real value for money	The Doubletree was opened for the Olympic Games in Beijing in 2008. Accordingly everything is still very new. Rooms are very spacious and extremly clean. And though the guests are mainly from Asian countries the breakfast buffet is great also for European travellers seeking an Continental Breakfast. Access by public transport is fine. Though a little bit remote, the next subway station is a 5-10 min. 15-20 CYN ride away. Close to the hotel you find a number of authentic low budget Chinese restaurants, if you don't want to eat in the hotel. I can fully recommend the Doubletree Beijing both for Business and Sightseeing in Beijing.	
May 22 2009 	Clean oasis in Beijing	It was a pleasure to come back to this hotel each evening. I stayed for three nights.The room was clean, modern and very comfortable. The service for breakfast was outstanding. The front desk staff were also excellent. The only minus was that you could hear some traffic through the windows. I would stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Has potential	We stayed here for three nights as part of our 15 days customized china tour. It's fairly new so the rooms were clean and the decor very modern--there were some issues with my parent's bathroom door with the knobs falling apart and the toilet in our room not flushing well, but they fixed it quickly the next day. the heater doesn't work during spring time so had to turn off the central cooling system. the rooms were quiet--as they recently completed all construction. one complaint that I have is the service--but the service sector seems to be a problem throughout China as it lags desparately behind its economic growth (which is a pity as it makes China a very unattractive place for future visits). For a self-proclaimed five star hotel, the people at the check-in counter do not smile or greet their guests as they should -- I was standing at the counter for over five minutes waiting to change money, right in front of the lady receptionist who was looking down at whatever she was doing -- I was waiting for her to look up and say hello but she never did, so I had to speak up first and say &quot;excuse me, can you help me change money please&quot;? She then replied, &quot;okay, wait-a-minute please&quot;--like I wasn't waiting for SEVERAL Minutes already!.....I casually mentioned this to my tour guide however, and she reported this to her boss who called the hotel--the next day, I received a personal apology from the assistant manager who also provided fruits for us in our rooms. The man at the concierge was not very helpful either--he too never looked at us while he was talking and was very inpatient. My husband had broken his camera lens and we needed to find a replacement, but all he was able to do was point across the street and said to wait for the morning to go there. My husband went that night and saw absolutely no electronic stores, it was just a mall full of department stores! We went the next morning to ask another guy and at least he was smart enough to look through the internet for a place, although it was 2 hours away from the hotel. well, good thing our tour guide new of a cheap electronic center just FIVE minutes away from the hotel! Most of the workers (especially waiters) did not speak any English at all which made communication difficult (this is not expected for a &quot;hilton&quot; hotel). Overall, nice comfortable rooms but service can be variable depending on who you get stuck with--definitely room for improvement. Of note though, we did call 3 weeks after our stay to see if they can help us contact our tour guide, and a lady by the name of Louisa was very diligent in helping us acquire that number. One last thing, hotel is far from city center and traffic from one place to another is HORRIBLE!	
Apr 12 2009 	Chic and very modern with excellent staff	I stayed here with my wife, mother and sister-in-law for 3 nights. Overall, we were very impressed with how helpful everyone was and the overall layout and design of the hotel.Location: If you are wanting to sight-see, this hotel is somewhat out of the way of that. It is in the south-west of the city. We took the #7 bus to the subway, which took about 15 minutes. The subway is not within walking distance. The only two monuments that I could walk to where not that impressive.The staff speak excellent English and are very helpful. We booked the great wall tour through them. It is 400RMB/person for an all day tour as well as the Ming Tombs as your first stop. Our guide (Lu Lu) was great! Her english was excellent and she was very knowledgeable. They picked us up at 7am and we got back around 6 or 7. However, be forewarned that they also stop at a traditional chinese medicine place where you can pay 20RMB for a 10 minute foot massage and receive a quick pulse and tongue examination and diagnosis. The price is good, so we did it.  The doctor was actually pretty impressive as just by feeling my wife's pulse, he could tell that she had sinus problems. They of course then recommend some herbal treatment, which is kind of pricey. Being as we live in Changsha, Hunan as teachers, we will check out the prices here.The hotel was very modern and chic. Our guest room did not have a tub, but the shower was great. A nice overhead shower head with great water pressure. The 21st executive lounge is nice for relaxing and if you are an honors member, you can also check in there if you arrive while a huge tour group is downstairs in the lobby.The breakfast is nice.The coffee lounge was nice too. 40RMB or so for a mocha and/or latte/ cappicino, but the cups are large and it was very good.The Miso soup was excellent.The location is quiet, but as I said, you are a little ways away from both restaurants and sights. With the side that we were on, we bordered an executive building, so we could see right into their office, and I'm sure vice-versa. :)	
Apr 10 2009 	Great hotel friendly and helpful staff	Although on the west side of Beijing, the hotel was perfect for our three day visit. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. The room was large and well maintained. The food in the two restaurants within the hotel was outstanding.Overall a great stay.	
Jan 23 2009 	Doubletree by Hilton Beijing	I was in many Hilton Hotels around the world but this is so so no good no bad. This hotel still under construction, 80% of this hotel is empty like the other hotels in Beijing. The ubication is far far away from the center and principal atractions, spend 50 yuans round trip and the traffic is terrible, worse than in New York or the 395 in Washington DC, busy busy traffic all day....i was in the suite for 10 days and was too noisy and cold, the quality of this hotel is not the best u can feel the cold and the noise of the traffic through the window there are an open window between the windows and that is why the room is cold and u feel the wind.Because of this problem my girlfriend get a flu for the next week really bad-well no the chicken flu eh!!-The hotel is nice looks like a 5 stars hotel have huge cold areas and the employees walking around like in Siberia.The restaurant is nice good food, good service, People speak english, tours in cash -bad-For the price i recomend another hotel in the center if u make numbers plus the taxi and tips and the time i recomend other hotel there are more than 2000 new hotels in Beijing and today for the crisis are empty...and the best are cheap, This hotel is good for business no for honey moon only for stay 3 days or less nothing around and most of the taxis dont know where is this hotel.Beware with the price looks cheap but the charges are so expensive.The happy hour is good, but i think the best is in the Hilton Bangkok.After this hotel we move to a new hotel in the center close to the New Trade Center Mall and was the best choice cheap warm and close to everything and the taxi only 10 yuans.	
Jan 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I am a seasoned traveller. I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel with my daughter and wife. The hotel was new and I loved the decor. I have stayed in many hotels (some that were technically in a &quot;better&quot; class). However, this hotel gave me the best experience/feeling ever. The combination of a nice new hotel with the friendliest, most helpful staff I have ever come across made this stay memorable. I will all travellers to Beijing could experience this hotel. No, it is not the most central hotel. However, taxies are inexpensive. Bring a card from the hotel with the address and give it to the cab driver. This brought us directly to the hotel every time. I suggest brining a map from the hotel also. This seemed to work well. I would LOVE to go back to this hotel.My sentiments are shared by wife and 8 year old daughter.	
Nov 26 2008 	New Hotel but Far From CBD	New hotel. Service was nice and friendly. Excellent 5 star hotel. Only downside, as a prior reviewer mentioned, is that taxis don't know where the hotel is. They frequently take you to the Hilton instead of the Doubletree. This problem will resolve itself though as taxi drivers become more familiar with the hotel.The hotel itself is about half an hour from the Haidian district by taxi and in a residential district. There is a local shopping mall about a block away with a Pizza Hut, McDonalds, Yoshinoya (Japanese fast food chain featuring beef over rice), Xiabu Xiabu (Chinese hot pot chain), a supermarket and other stores. Also, a KTV nearby if you're up for it.	
Nov 7 2008 	Customer Service is second to none at Doubletree	My partner and I have just come back from a weeks holiday in Beijing. we stayed at the Doubletree. The hotel is very new and only opened 2 months ago, so everything is very clean, new and shiny. The rooms are very comfortable and quite spacious and you have a choice of a rainshower or power shower in the bathroom. The hotel is not centrally located within walking distance to Tianamen Square or the Forbidden City and shopping district Wangfujing like all the other 5 star western hotels but you would pay almost double for the same quality and comfort. It is very easy to get a taxi to the centre only 10 mins and costs around £1-2 pounds which is nothing. There are also buses just outside the hotel which will take you to the centre for the princely cost of 10p (1 yuan).The conceirge service is fantastic. They were very friendly and helpful and catered to our every need, from arranging our private tour and negotiating us a good price to running around the streets trying to find us a taxi during rush hour.There's an outdor pool which was closed as it was winter time and a very nice gym and spa, which makes a difference from the usual pokey hotel gyms and spa areas.Everyone in the hotel made you feel very welcome and I would certainly stay at the double again if I ever went back to Beijing!	
Aug 31 2008 	Loved the Doubletree	New Hotel. completed July 2008.We stayed there for the Olympics and had a wonderful experience.The staff were all very friendly and could not do enough for us.Meals in the all day restaurant were buffet style or al a carte and very good choices.The rooms were excellent, spaceous light and airy , Bathrooms modern light and very clean.Rooftop pool and gardenAlthough not in the centre of Beijing there are always taxis outside the hotel and they are very cheap, takes about 10 mins to the centre.Only drawback is taxis keep taking you back to the wrong Hilton, this may be because it is so new, hopefully the Hilton Group will sort this problem.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice and kindly		
