Oct 23 2008 	OK But Old Service Average	Overall: Not too expensive by Beijing standards. Decent clean rooms but showing its age everywhere. Can probably find better places to stay that are more central.Location/Access: About 5 minutes and RMB10 by taxi west of Xizhimen station. Note that you can't realistically walk to the hotel from the subway. There isn't much immediately around the hotel although as others said, Carrefour is right across the main street. Taxi directly from the airport would likely cost about RMB80-90 and take about 40 minutes.Lobby: Huge marbled lobby although the reception is not immediately obvious. The public areas really need to be renovated. Many places, such as the elevator area, have chipped paint or chrome. The deco, especially the light colored wood panels, is like a rewind to the early 90's.Rooms: Decent size and comfortable colors. Lighting is too dim overall even with all the lights on. Beds are firm and comfortable. Old style TV with mostly Chinese channels for selection. Two small bottles of free water provided although the ones at the mini bar were a whopping RMB36. A/C never got cool and felt more like a fan. Very small built-in alarm clock. Overall, could use renovation as well. Requested non-smoking but could only get smoking room. Smell was faint though so ok.Food: Tried the cafe at the ground level and the food was expensive and very average. Breakfast is served at the function room on the 4th floor with huge round tables covered by old pink/orange tablecloth so you sit with people you don't know. The entire breakfast room setting seemed very out-of-date although the food is halfway decent. However, if you have had buffets in Hong Kong or Thailand hotels, this one pales by comparison. Breakfast simply didn't feel comfortable due to the setting.Service: Ok but not particularly friendly. They seemed to frown a bit when they couldn't understand you or vice versa.Value for money: The rate was around USD130 for a single with breakfast. Double occupancy would have given me the same room except breakfast would have cost another USD10. The rate is reasonable by Beijing standards although you can stay more central at a similar price.	
Jun 14 2008 	From Califronia	We booked the Nikko through RCI time share and felt we received excellent value. We were concerned beacuse the hotel wasn't in the center of town but loved the location. We were only a 10-15 minute taxi ride from the Old Quarter costing 2-3 US$. The Nikko must have done some redecorating since reviews were written in 2006. We found the hotel to be very pretty and our room which was spacious was very tastefully appointed. Counldn't have asked for a better breakfast. Asian and Western food were in abundance with good quality. Evening meals in the 2 restaurants were delicious with a wide variety to choose from. The bell staff, concierges and front desk staff all spoke very good English and took care of all our needs. The peanuts they serve in the bar and the Asian restaurant before dinner were the most delicious I have ever eaten. We took an overnight trip to Halong Bay which should not be missed. Overall our experiences in Hanoi and the Nikko were one of the best trips we've ever taken. We highly recommend both. We found the Vietnam people to be the most polite and friendly people we have ever met.	
Apr 20 2008 	Nice enough	Stayed at the New Century with my wife who was on business. When the job ended, we stayed in Beijing for an extra week but moved to a much cheaper, three-star hotel (Beijing Shatan) that we liked better (particularly its location). Our New Century room was spacious by Beijing standards, though a bit shabby in spots (smudges on the wall, frayed spots on the carpet, etc.). Beds were comfortable and the bathroom was clean. The staff was friendly and helpful, and many spoke fairly good English. The breakfast buffet was quite amazingly comprehensive (Western, Japanese and Chinese choices). I used the gym a couple of times -- it was well equipped and almost completely empty.Don't even touch the New Century's outrageously overpriced minibar goods, which are expensive even by Western standards (including $7 Tibetan bottled water). Make a trip across the expressway (using the pedestrian walkway) and visit the Carrefour -- a French-owned department/grocery store for snacks and supplies. It's one of the most useful shopping spots in Beijing. A double-sized bottle of beer at the Carrefour will set you back less than 50 cents.If you're travelling on a five-star budget, you might check out other alternatives. If you're at all careful of your money, you can do better. But there's no particular reason to avoid the New Century.	
Apr 16 2008 	skanky flophouse with a marble lobby	OK, I travel a lot, and I stay in a lot of hotels, and I'm not particularly hard to please. But this hotel, which was booked for me by a customer, was one of the most disappointing I've ever stayed in. You would expect a good experience from a Nikko hotel, wouldn't you? With this &quot;property&quot; you can probably expect one or more of the following: a.) dead bugs in the bathroom; b.) stinky plumbing; c.) matted hair in the drains; d.) filthy mirrors and surfaces that you don't want to touch; e.) stained carpet; f.) poor, stale, smoky ventilation; g.) thin walls; h.) banged up furniture; i.) TVs that don't work; j.) burned-out light bulbs; k.) surly non English-speaking service; l.) holed, cracked, gouged, chipped, scuffed walls that don't even meet up with the moldings; m.) cracked and mildewed tiles missing grout; n.) a strange, inconvenient location; o.) banged-up furniture; p.) do you need any other reasons to NOT STAY HERE??Let's just imagine one of your typical interstate motels with a big fluorescent sign out front for $49.99 per night with &quot;color TV&quot; and &quot;air conditioning&quot;. You take that, you add like 30 floors to it, throw a fancy lobby on to it, put it in China and there you have the Nikko New Century. There are gazillions of other options in Beijing that are way better. If you have to go with a tour group, fine. But for heavens sake, don't stay here if you don't have to.	
Mar 1 2008 	Nice enough hotel	We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour for 2 nights. The lobby looks beautiful, but then you quickly come to learn that there aren't any places to sit and wait for people, which is a little inconvenient. The hotel rooms themselves were nice, but it seems as if the cleaning crew missed a few spots of mildew here and there in the bathroom.The swimming pool is just kind of gross...with hot and cold spots. It probably wouldn't have seemed so terrible if it weren't freezing outside. The changing rooms and locker rooms aren't very easy to navigate, and there are a bunch of rules that you wouldn't get (like having to wear communal slippers to the pool) if you didn't speak Chinese.Overall it was a nice place to stay, but if I were to come back to Beijing on my own, I'd probably look into other options	
Dec 21 2007	Lovely start to our vacation	We were placed in this lovely hotel by Princess Cruises prior to our cruise. The hotel is in a very good location, superb common areas and lovely bedrooms. We took an excellent tour from the hotel, bus with super guide, pedicars, Chinese home and studio, the Olympic stadium, great Chinese banquet and night tour, all for £25!I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Bejing	
Dec 7 2007 	O.K. for one night	Lovely public areas and very helpful staff. Polite waitresses in the lounge area too, but this wouldn't get a five star rating elsewhere. The room was clean but looked tired. Wallpaper ws beginning to peel off and the carpet had a few stains. The tiles in the bathroom needed either replacing or a good scrub. I stayed for one night with my wife prior to flying out of Beijing airport and it was O.K. for that, but I wouldn't want to stay for any length of time.	
Nov 9 2007 	Tourist class hotel/dingy rooms	We stayed here for 4 nights in November while attending a conference. A very beautiful lobby was as a quite misleading opening to the rooms. The hallways are bland and unappealing. Although clean, the room is extremely small for two people, the rug was old, mattress hard and uncomfortable, bathroom had granite counter but floor and bathtub need cleaning and along with a stained shower curtain. Fortunately, we were busy all day so we only had to spend evening hours here. It calls itself a five star hotel but what I found out about China is that once one earns this rating it is never re-evaluated. This may have been a 5-star 20 years ago but it is barely a 2-3 star today.On the positive side, the catering for the conference was excellent. In addition, the staff is very responsive to the customer, e.g., we had a problem with our TV and someone came to the room in less than 1 minute. Any other similar requests were handled in the same manner. It was as if someone was positioned on each floor to respond immediately. So, Kudos to them for excellent customer service!Perhaps it is ungrateful to complain because our room and board were being paid for by Peking University as speakers at the Beijing Forum and we appreciated this very much.	
Oct 12 2007	Better than I expected	Stayed our first 4 nights in China here and found the hotel to be far better than I expected. The room was very clean, nice bathroom, tea and coffee making facilities (a little tight with the coffee sachets), bottles of drinking water supplied daily. View on the 6th floor was a little obscured but able to see a lot of high rise buildings. Breakfasts were very good (buffet) and the buffet dining room we used was excellent with a good range of dishes. Swimming pool available, bank facilities, shops, postage stamps available.Staff were very helpful.We were very happy with this hotel and have no hesitation in recommending it to others.	
Aug 24 2007	Worst 5-star hotel	Hotel is definitely about 3-4 stars. Public areas OK but rooms small, and carpets dirty. Our first night there, when we first turned on the water in the bathroom sink, the color was yellowish and had sewage smell with no hot water. The water eventually cleared out but the stinky sewage smell was still there. We had to switch to a different room. The breakfast is ok but the worst we have seen for a 5-star hotel. We would not stay there again.	
Jul 6 2007 	Very stylish; some flaws	Stayed four nights at the Hotel Nikko New Century. My room was very clean and stylish, with a comfortable bed, and the bathroom was very nice. The shower was a circular area outside the tub with a sliding door. Water pressure was great. Refrigerator and coffee supplies were nice, but the electricity goes off when you leave the room (key activated), so had difficulty keeping things cold.On the down side, the room was very small, with paper thin walls (think hearing your neighbor brush his teeth) , and no drawers for clothing. The lobby is very nice, with shops and restaurants, and a bank for currency exchange. There is a store with supplies and groceries within walking distance, and US type food as well (KFC, Pizza Hut).It was very nice, but the room-to-room noise is quite annoying.	
May 4 2007 	Excellent Executive Floor Room	I was at this hotel for business. The room was very comfortable and functional for working. Because this room was on the Executive Floor, internet access was free. Other amenities included a fax machine, flat panel TV, a safe, light switches for all lights in the room in several places in the room (like right above the nightstand), separate shower and bathtub, and free water. There was a large window between the bedroom and bathroom that had blinds, if needed.The room rate included a full breakfast in the lobby restaurant or a continental breakfast in the Executive floor business center. Services in the business center (except food) were quite expensive - you had to pay a lot (I've forgotten how much now) to print something from one of their computers. Beside a continental breakfast in the morning, there were snacks and free wine/beer in the afternoon.The lobby was immaculate and very attractive. There are several restaurants in the hotel. I ate twice at the traditional Chinese restaurant , called the Golden Palace Restaurant, on the third floor. The prices in this restaurant were very reasonable, and the food and service were excellent.	
Apr 29 2007 	beige palace	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in April for a conference. The Nikko claims to be a five star but is pushing it to be a three star unlike the Shangri La nearby which is a genuine 5 star. The Nikko has begun renovation on the upper floors but I had a suite on the 8th floor. The room are shabby and generally pretty grubby with very worrying stains on the carpet and the shower floor. The rooms are permeated with the smell of cigarette smoke and even though you can partly open the windows it cannot be shifted. The rooms while providing instant coffee provide only jasmine tea in the home of tea drinking and they found the whole idea of providing free milk for a cup of coffee in your room very novel indeed! The rooms are large but depressingly beige with no low level lamps or 5 star room dressing features like throw cushions or paintings to soften the almost dormitory like decor. Everything is worn and sad looking. The hotel is in the business district and not close to any of the tourist sights. The views from the hotel are of rather dirty and run down office blocks. The restuarants leave much to be desired with very ordinary food [including the Chinese menu] and the attitude to service is sloppy, unsmiling and unwelcoming. I did not encounter anyone in the hotel who spoke english beyond the words 'bill' and 'pay', certainly not 'thank-you'.The business centre is ruinously expensive and charged 12 yuan per page if you printed anything out. In addition, while there were plenty of staff in the business centre they were much more interested in having long loud gossipy chats with each other in Chinese rather than being helpful. The noise level also made it very difficult to concentrate in the centre. All up I would say that there are much better located and more stylish hotels for the same price with a better developed service culture for western business or tourim visitors. Unless your like beige and guessing what may have caused the mystery stains in every room - give it a miss and run, do not walk, to the Shangri La down the road.	
Nov 9 2006	Good Not Great	Our tour group stayed there the first three nights of our trip. While not a true 5 star hotel, this is certainly a nice place with comfortable, though fairly small rooms. The beds were good and the bathroom was adequate but there was no comfortable chair and the television only brought in two English language stations. The lobby was magnificent. The breakfast was about average for Chinese hotels serving western food. The hotel was not centrally located though it made little difference to us since the tour bus picked us up in the morning.	
Aug 7 2006 	Better than expected	Our first night's stay was provided by a cruise line and rather than change hotels we simply extended our stay to four days. Initially we were assigned a smoking room on the 12th floor. The hotel has limited non smoking rooms and changing rooms created a few difficulties. My only language is English but found this presented no problems. Both the smoking room and the non smoking room were identical. They are about the size of an average US motel room. Amenities include all the usual plus a safe, scale, hair dryer, and a mini bar with a kettle. The closet was minimal size. The hotel was recently updated with one exception, the carpets. Both rooms and all carpeted areas throughout the hotel, including the elevators, need recarpeting or a good steaming at the very least. If you can overlook them the rest of the hotel decor is quite nice although it would be nice to have a few chairs in the large lobby. The location is not particularly good for the tourist as the hotel is some distance from the city center. .	
Aug 1 2006 	Good business hotel	Arriving at the Nikko Beijing around midnight, I could have used some help getting my bags to the front desk, but no working bellhops were in sight. The young man at the kerb just stared at me - perhaps they are not used to seeing a woman show up at a business hotel dressed in motorcycle leathers. But, my leathers are the warmest things I own, and I get quite chilled on the long distance flights. The young lady at the desk was polite and efficient, and got me checked in and summoned a youngster who got my bags to my room and helped me knock a little of the rust off my Chinese. Apparantly I speak with a slight Cantonese accent - not surprising, as most Hawai`i Chinese are. . . . Cantonese! I really like the breakfast buffet, which came with the room. Good, basic food, just like grandma used to make. Two kinds of jook (congee) every day, condiments, lots and lots of fruit, two to four kinds of bao (stuffed steamed breads), noodles, lots of juices, yoghurt, tea, coffee, and American food.  I don't know how the American food was, personally, but my fellow conference attendees enjoyed it. I did a lot of my business by just showing up early and nibbling through the entire breakfast service as different contacts came and went. The supper buffet also was nice, though at 130 kwai (RMB), a bit pricy, IMO. The hot pot restaurant down the street only charges 150 kwai for a meal for three people. But it had a good selection of yummies, sliced small enough that one could sample a bite of everything, plus a nice sushi bar. Wine, beer, and sake were included. The room was tidy, though the carpet sould have been replaced some ten years ago. It took two days for the laundry service to figure out I wanted laundry service, and by then I had washed everything in the bathtub. It's all good. I saved a few kwai. I found the staff friendly and helpful. Most spoke decent English and were very good about not laughing at my atrocious Mandarin, and even put up with my incessant questions on vocabulary and pronunciation. Checkout was friendly and efficient. The doorman hailed me the only cab around at 4:00 am and gave me a little yellow slip with the cabbie's license number. It has instructions in Chinese and English to give it the hotel if you have problems with the cabbie.  I'll be mailing it to the hotel with a reccomendation to ban that cabbie from the place. He ripped me off 20 kwai for the toll booth - toll charges are included in the fare - and refused to give me a receipt. You don't have time to fight when you have a plane to catch. You should pay 100 to 130 RMB - 150 absolute tops - between the Nikko and the airport.  If I had business again in that area, I would not hesitate to book with the Nikko New Century Beijing.	
Jul 27 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed for four nights at end of June and must disagree with previous lukewarm reviews. I found the public areas of the hotel to be in excellent condition; my business class room was comfortable and in superb condition. The bed was fabulous! Staff was helpful when asked, but thankfully did not hover around you as in so many other places in China. I rented the doorman's bicycle and rode throughout Beijing for a morning -- what a trip!	
Jun 10 2006	Not terribly impressed	This hotel of the Nikko Hotel chain provides all amenities that you would expect of this group and class. However, the overall impression is a bit lower than other Nikko hotels in Asia. The rooms would greatly benefit from a renovation - or at least from a proper cleaning (cutains and floor). Internet connection (wireless) worked without problem and the staff was generally friendly and helpfu - although English skills are generally low. But after all it is China...Would recommend the hotel to anyone who is on business and needs to be at the nearby exhibition centre. Otherwise there are certainly nicer locations and hotels, particularly if on vacation.	
Feb 23 2006 	Above average for a 4* meeting hotel not a palace.	I stayed at the hotel for a conference. The equipment are good: large swimming pool, well stocked occidental bar and oriental tea parlour. Have to agree with all the previous comments that this is not a palace : The toilet seat is in the bathroom, soundproofing is less than perfect. Rooms are not large, but I enjoyed a lot the view from the 22th floor. As for the location, it's far from the big tourist places but taxi is cheap. There are plenty of restaurants around, starting at Y4 (four yuan) for a bowl of noodles soup. The Carrefour across the street stocks a good selection of teas on the lower floor, and has a special outlet in the mall gallery for the more fancy ones. The most expensive are of course in the hotel. Expect beer around Y50, and tea from Y80 to Y200 (yes, it is very good tea).By all means, avoid the Great Wall tour with the hotel agency (Hualong International Travel Service) if you don't want to do the &quot;jade factory&quot; and the &quot;chinese clinic&quot; tourist traps. Any other travel agency will be happy to pick up at the hotel.Minh	
Dec 6 2005	Seen better days....	Hotel has seen better days. Public areas OK but rooms shabby and small, I still have no idea where exactly this hotel was located, it did not seem close to anything. Took cabs everywhere. Plenty of good five star hotels in this city that you can give this one a miss. Wde would not stay there again.	
Oct 28 2005	Not a five star	The hotel stay at the new century was a part of the cruise line operational package. Service is resonable, but I would not call it a five star. Three is more appropiate.When our bus arrived, there was absolutley no bell service, we had to drag our luggage from the bus to our room. I cannot recall any hotel staff ever come up to greet us during our entire stay. As the room was rather stuffy, we turned on the air conditioning only to find out that the chiller was not operatiional that time of the year. We only had air circulation and was told to open our window if we need more.	
Oct 24 2005	Great value for the money	The New Century is a 5 star modern hotel in Beijing's west end near the Panda Zoo and the Purple Bamboo Park. Would like to have been closer to the centre but transportation is reasonable (Taxi to Tiennamen Square 30 yuan, to the silk market 50 yuan). Staff at the New Century are competent,friendly and extremely helpful. Always willing to help you out or give you the directions you need. An excellent concierge staff as well. The on-premises pool and health club are excellent too. Standard rooms are good sized and comfortable. If you have breakfast included, it is both Western and Asian (buffet style). There is a need to get the Omelette station some more choices (cheese and ham would be nice), but I quibble. Supper at the hotel can be quite reasonable with a Western and Asian Buffet starting at 110 Yuan plus 15% service(includes all the beer and softdrinks you want as well). The weekend buffet was 135 yuan and featured Japanese fare.Hint for the budget conscious. There is a Carrefoure store just across from the hotel . Ideal to buy those snacks you might miss/find too pricey, in the hotel room; or, get some supplies for a picnic lunch. It's good if you forgot some necessities and want to replace them. No bargaining allowed.We were at several other 4-5 star hotels in China during our stay but this was one of the best.	
Nov 15 2009 	??????????		
Oct 31 2009 	????????????????????		
Oct 31 2009 	????		
Oct 4 2009 	??????		
Sep 19 2009 	??????		
Sep 12 2009 	PReis und Leistung waren sehr zufriedenstellend		
Sep 8 2009 	??????		
Sep 7 2009 	??????		
Aug 31 2009	????????????		
Aug 21 2009	??????????????????		
Aug 20 2009 	?????????????		
Jul 6 2009 	?????		
Jun 30 2009 	?????????????????		
Feb 22 2009	????????		
Dec 30 2008 	????????		
Oct 22 2008 	??????????????????		
Sep 18 2008 	???????		
Nov 7 2007 	Me gusto la estancia		
