Nov 14 2009 	Brilliant holiday	We [hubby and myself] have just come back from 2 weeks at the Shah Tan hotel, and had a brilliant time. We made our own way from the airport to the Hotel, we got a taxi which cost 12 Yuan [£12]; as soon as we pulled up at the hotel, the porter from the Hotel was there to take our cases up to the room for us. The room was immaculate; rooms were made up daily but towels and sheets were not always changed. Shower gel/shampoo, toothbrushes, shower cap, combs, slippers and a hair-dryer were provided. Rooms are air-conditioned. There are tea making facilities in the room which were free and there is also a mini bar. There was a wide screen TV [but only 2 or 3 English channels], and a safety deposit box.We visited a number of places. The Forbidden City is a 10-15 minute walk from the Hotel. Entrance fee - 60 Yuan [£6] plus we hired an audio guide [costing 40 Yuan with a returnable deposit of 100 Yuan]. A full day could easily be spent in the Forbidden City - we were there from 10am until 230pm and hadn’t seen everywhere. Jingshan Park: entrance fee- 20 yuan [£2]. It’s a huge public park just a couple of minutes walk from the hotel. The park is very popular with locals who gather in many groups to exercise, play music, sing and dance; there are also café’s, as well as some pavilion’s to look around. The Temple of Heaven: entrance fee 25 Yuan [£2.50]. The surrounding of the Temple of Heaven is a very popular park for exercising, and with musicians, singers, dancers and games players. Great Wall/Ming Tombs: we did a trip organised through the hotel which went to the Great Wall, Ming Tombs, a jade factory, silk factory then the International Stadium for a foot massage. The Great Wall was absolutely fab for to see, but steps are really steep; there are different parts of the Great Wall to see but we went to the Badaling Site. We were picked up from the Hotel at 7am, and dropped off again at 530pm and the trip was well worth doing. Birds Nest Stadium: entrance fee: 50yuan [£5]. There are souvenir shops and places to buy drinks etc. Lama temple: entrance fee 25 Yuan [£2.50] . The Buddhist temple has 5 halls separated by courtyards, each hall taller than the preceding one; there are prayer halls and several rather beautiful incense burners. Getting out and about is easy enough; there is a good subway which charges 20 Yuan per journey whether you do 1 stop or 20 it’s the same price. Everything is in English as well as Mandarin as well. Nearest subway to the Hotel is Dongsi, about 10-15mins minutes walkEating out:We spent some mornings in the hotel for breakfast; this cost 38 yuan per person per breakfast. It was buffet style and felt there was a good choice - melon and bananas, various types of bread, cakes but also a good choice of cooked food to choose from. We also stayed in the hotel for dinner a couple of nights; they have two menus – a Chinese menu from which there is a large selection to choose from; there is also a ‘Western menu’ which has burgers, pasta/spaghetti amongst others. One night we had a meal in the hotel – we both had tofu with chilli and rice as well as 2 cokes and 2 lagers. The bill came to 64 yuan [£6.40].If we didn’t stay in the hotel for breakfast, we went to a place called Alley Café which was just down from the Hotel. There was a choice of omelette, corn flakes, pancakes with syrup as well as different types of eggs with toast; there was also the choice of either apple juice, orange juice, tea, or coffee. 30yuan each. They have internet access too. A couple of nights we went there for dinner; they do different types of meals, burgers, chips, pizza etc. I had margarita pizza which cost 45 yuan [£4.50], and two beers costing 25 yuan each.A favourite restaurant [but a bit more expensive] is the pub called ‘No Name’ in the Xicheng district. Hubby wanted to try the duck and we’d passed this pub looking for another place so went in there. We paid 20 yuan for duck for hubby, tofu dish for me and spring rolls as well as 4 beers. [approx £20]	
Nov 1 2009 	Highly recommandable!	After a thorough research with the help of Tripadvisor we booked the Shatan Hotel in Beijing. Upon arrival we were greeted in English by Anne the receptionist who told us that we had booked a standard twin room which have no windows and if we would like to book a superior standard room with windows. Her colleague and Reception Manager Payne, who speaks equally good English showed us the superior room with windows which is, in size and amenities, the same as a standard room. We finally opted for the standard room without windows. The ameneties we found were: Flatscreen TV, Hairdryer, Showergel and Shampoo, Coffee/Tea making facilities, Individually controleable and quiet Aircon, Keycard system, Safe deposit box and Minibar. Internet facilities at the reception area for a minimal charge. Housekeeping is doing an excellent job in keeping the rooms above average clean. Due to the excellent aircirculation system in the room we did not find our room stuffy smelling at any one time of our stay.Excellent Location: 8 minutes walking distance to the Forbidden City, 30 minutes to Tiananmen Square, 20 minutes to Night Food Market, 3 minutes to Jingshan Park, 25 minutes to the Bell &amp; Drum Tower, 10 minutes to Jade Islet and Beihai Lake. A 3 minutes walk to the right in the same street you will find a small but very well supplied Supermarket called &quot;Chaoshifa&quot; as well as many little local restaurants and shops.In short we were really happy with the choice of the Shatan Hotel, its location and the very helpful two receptionists Anne and Payne who were ever ready to give pleasant and accurate information.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great place to stay in Beijing for a budget price	Stayed in Shatan Hotel during a 4 month backpacking holiday and felt very spoilt. The hotel is lovely with 24hr concierge and in a great secluded location behind the forbidden city. The street that the hotel is on seems very rustic but the hotel itself is very nice. The enterance to the beautiful jinshang park is only meters away and here you can get incredible photos of the whole of the forbidden city. Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location...	I stayed at the Shatan hotel for five days in September. The hotel is within walking distance to the Forbidden city and many of the other main attractions in Beijing. The staff was friendly and courteous. English was haltingly spoken. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is authentic Beijing. Overall I had a good experience.	
Oct 6 2009 	A great place to start your trip	This was our first destination on a world trip - and the Shatan offered a great medium between the totally new and what we're used to at home and in europe.The hotel is largely business focussed but the rooms were fanatastic, clean, spacious, great bathroom and shower and really handy for local tuorist attractions, particularly the forbidden city and the the many city parks.Its set on a very local/authentic street with markets and foodstalls and some good value restaurants etc but the hotel staff all spoke excellent english and were always hugely helpful.Chinese food is wonderful - but if you get tired of chillies and garlic at breakfast our tip for anybody staying would be to check out the Alley Cafe at the bottom of the street, its has a chinese and western menu and free internet - a bonus for any traveller. They even have a pet cat.	
Aug 30 2009 	worst hotel known	staff very unfriendly and thay don't almost speak english. the deluxe room is very small and very noisy. breakfast is very poor.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location great service	We just left Beijing and had a wonderful stay. The room was nice, clean, cool and modern...having 3 english TV channels was a bonus for the nights we were too tired from touring to stay out late. Breakfasts were good and different every morning. The front desk staff were very helpful...especially Sunny who helped us book tours and outings and Margaret who lent me her personal umbrella when they ran out of the hotel's supply on the one rainy day we were there.As mentioned before, the only drawback of the location was that taxi drivers had a hard time finding it...now, that being said, we think the problem was the taxi drivers...the one from the airport was fine (he called them when confused) but others literally would not take us as they didn't understand where it was even with their card...we found most of the drivers to be rude...the only negative experience while in Beijing and at the hotel...otherwise, a great deal!	
Aug 13 2009 	Decent rooms and affordable price	The hotel was in a hutong just behind the Forbidden City so the location is pretty good. We were able to walk to Wangfujing (shopping district) and several other tourist locations. There was a nice little Western style cafe across the street we frequented for breakfast. The rooms were of a decent size but our room had no window so that made it a bit difficult to tell the time in the morning (I guess that's what a clock is for). The restaurant wasn't the greatest but there are plenty of good restaurants in Beijing to make up for it. I'd stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great location and value for price	Hotel with a great location between Forbidden city, Jinshan park and the northern lakes. Main shopping street Wangfujing-lu is also quite close. Hotel is not luxurious, but clean. Great food in the street nearby.	
Jul 29 2009 	Quite ok hotel!	This hotel is really a good bargain, and its hard to find anything negative to put the finger on. The location is ok as its close to major attractions, and a short walk to shopping areas. There are also some shops in the street outside it, but I stayed away from those as they are too overpriced compared to others - probably because of all the tourists in the street/area.Also, I agree on the comments on the problems to find the hotel, as its in a backstreet., but it was no bigger issue as soon as we got familiar with the area.We booked a superior room, which was pretty nice, roomy and comfy. On the negative side, it was facing the backstreet, with lots of noise, cars honking etc. All the honking in the crowded backstreet was very annoying, especially if you had window open.Room was clean and in good shape, with tiles on floor and walls in the bathroom. Also, the minibar in the room was well stocked, and ok prices. I found it on the plus side that there were coffee in the room, yet only a few portion bags. Nothing to comment on the cleaning, which was satisfying all the time (we stayed 1 week). The rest of the hotel looked clean too. As for noise from the hallways and other rooms, we didnt experience any, making this a pretty quiet hotel (internally).The bed in the room was very comfortable, same with the chair in the room. Several of the other hotels we stayed at on our trip to China, didnt have many foreign TV channels, but this hotel had at least 2 movie channels in english. We did miss some news channels in english tho.We only tried the restaurant a few times, and it was on the middle scale. They had a breakfast with both western and european food, but even tho we ate early in the morning, the food didnt impress us. Plain ok, would sum my opinion.The reception is helpful, and same with the bellboys. The receptionists we spoke to didnt speek too well english, but enough to have the basic communication done. They were also smiling and nice.The hotel is not &quot;impressing&quot;, but there arent many things to tell a negative comment on. Therefore I think this is a pretty ok hotel, with good value for the money - very recommended.Internet was booth speedy and stable, and was free (thumbs up for that). There were also some PC's for guests who didnt bring their own (thumbs up).	
Jul 21 2009 	Shatan	I could not think of one reason not to stay in any other Beijing hotel. Clean, nice rooms, local to everything and great restaurants outside the front door.	
Jul 11 2009 	Will be back!	Have stayed at The Shatan before, and booked the hotel again because of the wonderful location, and the vibrant street it is located on. All of the restaurants on this street are wonderful, and you´ll get that authentic chinese feeling!The rooms were very clean and had extremely comfortable beds. We initially booked a deluxe double with an extra bed, but we just kept on waiting and waiting in the lobby because they claimed the room wasn´t ready yet. After waiting around for 3 hours they offered us 2 rooms for the price of 1. Very good service, though a bit confusing.They also organise trips to the great wall with a very very sweet driver.The location of the hotel can´t be beat with the beautiful jingshan park right across the street and the forbidden city a short stroll away. Also make sure you spend a whole day at the summer palace, it is HUGE!	
Jul 9 2009 	Everything was great but subway station is not within walking distance.	What's great:- Very comfortable/roomy- Clean- Helpful staff- $50/night- they provide you a small card that lists all of the main attractions in chinese/english so you can easily tell the taxi driver where you want to go.- Hotel food was actually decent.What's not great:- subway station is too far. I like using public transportation because that's how you experience the local life. But if I have to walk for 20 mins in then heat, then forget it!- taxi drivers don't usually know how to get here. Make sure to get hotel's address written in chinese. They can't read english.- Although it's a couple of blocks behind the Forbidden City, you would have to walk at least 15-20 mins to get to the main entrance.	
Jul 8 2009 	Worst experience ever	I don't know if I am the most unlucky, but at your own risk and peril, I had to move my things two times, once back to my room, because the told me they have make a mistake and was it the good room after all, and the second time, they wake me up the next morning because I had to move right now. I tried to argue, but nothing could be done. Also, they didn't gave me any help. I shoul d not forget, the first night, I almost didn't sleep because air con wasn't working, and had to ask twice to make it work, and same thing in the new room. So overall, it was a nightmare, even if the location is nice, close to the Forbidden city, but a little far from the subway, about 15 minutes by walk. The deluxe room is a bit small also.	
Jun 29 2009 	super location	the hotel was whaat we required because of the location being so close to the forbidden city , about 600m plus the bonus of the forbidden park just around the corner , the hotel cannot be better for price and location , we also booked thro the hotel a vist to the great wall , they arrange is for about 22 pounds and what a super day we had , we did the ming tombs etc on the day but the highligt was the wall , we could either walk or take a lift to the top , they also put on a meal. the room was clean and tidy we stayed for 5 nights , the back street the hotel is in has all the street life ie shops food etc super place AND ALWAYS TAKE A TAXI PLUS TAKE THE HOTEL NAME IN CHINNESE FOR TAXI DRIVER	
Jun 24 2009 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the ShaTan Hotel in Beijing for 10 days this month, and had a very positive experience. (I found out about it from ctrip.com, but also saw that it was recommended on TripAdvisor.) The staff (including the front desk, the housekeepers, the bellman, and the business center) were always helpful and well-informed The front desk staff also speaks English, though you may have to slow yourself down to communicate effectively. I stayed in a small room for only US$30 per night. The hotel is also immaculate and completely air-conditioned. Just down the street is a good grocery store, and there are fruit and vegetable stands on the street, as well as a stand where you can get a tasty Chinese-style &quot;burrito&quot; for almost nothing. Around the block to the east is an ATM, and around the block to the west is a small electronics store where you can get cell phones, camera accessories, etc. This hotel is about 1 block north of the Forbidden City and 1 block east of JingShan Park, which has a wonderful overlook of the Forbidden City and the rest of Beijing. This hotel is a perfect jumping-off point for seeing many of Beijing's top sites. The only negative about it is that is on an obscure street, so taxi drivers have some problems finding it, but the hotel provides taxi instruction cards that you can show your driver. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 15 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL - GREAT ROOMS AND EXCELLENT STAFF	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel as part of our round the world honeymoon and we absolutely loved it. The location is fanstastic - only 5 minutes walk from the back of the forbidden city. The rooms are perfect size for travellers with lots of stuff - plenty of room to hang stuff. The staff were very helpful, providing maps and information and letting us use the internet (for a small fee!) when necessary. The only downside was the cost of the breakfast, which we didn't try as it just seemed way too expensive when you could get a fantastic, cheap breakfast just a few doors down.All in all I thoroughly recommend the Shatan and will certainly be going back myself one day!	
May 29 2009 	Cant get closer to the Forbidden City	Hotel is located on a small street with tiny markets, restaurants, and street food vendors--great if you want to get a quick snack or grab a meal nearby. Location is great, as it is literally a 3-5 minute walk to the Forbidden City. Only on one occasion did our taxi driver not want to drive down the narrow street to drop us off in front of the hotel, but it was only a minute walk from the end of the street to the hotel.The carpets in the room are pretty disgusting, but otherwise the room and bathroom are very clean. Staff is helpful, but not overly friendly. They can get you taxis and sign you up for a tour if thats your thing--we scheduled a tour to the Great Wall through the front desk. Overall, would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	This Hotel is so good and the location is in the Centre of Beijing.	The hotel is next to the Forbidden City and Jingshan Park. Our room was at the back (328) and was very clean and comfortable with two single beds, robe, safe , fridge, flat screen tv and a very clean modern bathroom. The staff were excellent and very knowledgable and spoke some english.We used the minimart in the street to obtain bottled water etc.. and found prices very cheap. We ate most nights at one of the restaurants in the street and found all to be well priced with good menus. There is a cafe serveing European Breakfast and Coffee. You can also get your Laundry done in the street and there is also a ladies hairdresser and barber near the hotel. We used cabs to get around and always made sure the meter was used. To get to the Great Wall we used the website Sinohotels and had a great tour including the Ming Tombs and lunch for US$17..We had the best week just walking around and using public transport/cabs etc.. and managed to see all the mjor sights without spending a fortune.The location of this hotel really helped to get around as it is so central to everything else.The nearby Jjingshan Park was a delight in the mornings where one found many people were flying kites,working theirTai Chi as well as learning Ballroom and Fan Dancing.	
Apr 15 2009 	All we expected and more! A must stay.	This was our first trip to Asia and we were a little unsure about booking sight-unseen but the previous reviews sounded mostly positive. The location was central to everything we wanted to see and we especially did not want to stay in a big chain hotel. I booked a couple of months in advance and hoped all went well when we arrived. The hotel was exactly as described. As this was our first time in China, we wanted to experience the culture and day-to-day life of the local people. The hotel is on a small street beside one of the old hutongs - which you must explore! We had fresh fruit daily from the local street vendors and the most delicious scrambled egg crepes that they make on the spot for you. You must try them. There is a supermarket around the corner where you can buy bottled water, milk, tea, snacks whatever you need to supplement your hotel fridge. A wise choice because the hotel items are a little pricey - as in all hotels. It is an easy walk to the Forbidden City and Jingshan Park, which is a must see. The location was ideal.The hotel is definitely only a three star hotel but it is clean and comfortable. The carpets need replacing but otherwise all else was good. Our first night we had a room at the front of the hotel which we found to be too noisy for us. We asked if we could be changed to the other side of the hotel and they immediately accomodated us. Christine (their concierge?) was extremely helpful in all aspects. She speaks very good English and was invaluable in researching on the Internet for us (which is free by the way). She would write out directions in Chinese for us to give to the taxi drivers and we never got lost. Although tipping is not normal or expected we did leave her a tip at the end of our trip. She was indispensible! If you want to experience the real China, stay in this location!	
Apr 8 2009 	Please read this review - 10 out of 10	We booked 2 suites at Shatan for 14 days, for our family of 5, going on holiday to Beijing, 11 to 25 April 2009.We got a very good rate on the basis that the booking was non cancellable and non refundable. Our accommodation was all prepaid by us.One week before we are due to fly my Wife has been diagnosed with breast cancer. She is scheduled for surgery next week which has meant that at the last minute we have had to cancel our entire holiday. As a courtesy I advised our travel agency and asked them to let Shatan know that we unfortunately wouldn't be able to make it. Although the rooms are paid for I felt it was important to let them know we couldn't be there.Now, I have just received an email advising that due to the circumstances the Hotel will give us a full refund.In todays troubled financial times how many businesses would do that??We are extremely grateful to the Hotel Management for their wonderful gesture.Although we have not yet got to stay there I can only highly recommend them for what they have done.Once my Wife is ok we will be rebooking - and it will be with Shatan Hotel for sure.Thankyou very much for some positive news at an awkward time.	
Mar 30 2009 	Centrally located hotel for site seeing - definitely worth the reasonable price.	We found this hotel to be a relatively small but nice for being such a reasonably priced hotel. When we went, it was one of the most inexpensive 3 star hotels that still looked like it had updated decor and was relatively decent sized. One of my favorite things about the hotel is its location on a side street off a main road about two blocks north of The Forbidden City wall. It's a great, central location for site-seeing, as you can catch a taxi half a block away, or walk less than a mile further north to the Back Lakes area for some good restaurants and shopping. This location made it easy for us to return to the room to rest several days, during the the hottest and most humid time in the afternoon. On the second to last day we realized that the subway wasn't all that far - the closest station was on the newer purple line (Line 5) about a mile or so away. I found it pleasant to open up the windows in the morning while getting ready to hear the locals sweeping outside their shops and getting ready for the day ahead. It was also nice picking up some pancake style breads for breakfast on our way out site-seeing. The rooms decor was updated and the rooms themselves were definitely small by American standards, but comfortable and enough room for two. The bathroom was relatively clean compared to others we saw throughout the trip. Our room had a &quot;regular&quot; toilet as opposed to a squater, which was very much appreciated. The front desk was helpful, letting us borrow a plug adapter at no charge. When we had questions about locations or the room, the staff tried very hard to help us. There was always at least one staff member at the front desk who spoke relatively good English. Our room size was decent by Beijing standards, and it was very helpful that our room had free Internet so we could send back daily updates to our friends and family back home. Yes, we had to pay for the tourist map in the desk drawer, but frankly it was a very helpful map during our week long stay and worth the few dollars. One major con was that the carpet was old and looked like it needed a good steam cleaning, but we just used the slippers provided by the hotel free of charge. Biggest con was that the air conditioning let in some of the smoke smell from other rooms. However, in our research we could not find budget friendly smoke-free hotels that were centrally located. Overall, the price and was right for this centrally-located and friendly hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Charged twice!	We stayed at the Shatan Hotel in January. The girl on reception put my debit card through twice saying it hadn't gone through the first time. I asked her if she was sure and she assured me I hadn't been charged twice. I returned home to find out I had been charged twice for the 3 night stay. After sending proof - twice! and numerous emails through Venere who I booked through I'm still waiting for my money back two months later!!	
Feb 22 2009 	Lovely Hotel it is worth Upgrading!	We found China one of the more difficult countries to travel in, although we have spoken to other people who have found it fine! Beijing is a city full of culture and this hotel is a fabulous place to explore it from. It is very clean, with English television and the upgraded suite had excellent coffee making facilities, which we were dying for by the time we got here. You can easily book tours to the Great Wall and also the KungFu from here. All and all a great place to stay with the only problem being some of the staff having limited English.	
Feb 9 2009	My favorite after 5 trips to China	We stumbled across the Sha Tan after some miserable experiences at some of the 'nicer' hotels in Beijing. I was traveling with 3 young kids, a surly wife, and a neighbor and her daughter. we all remember it fondly. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms clean, and thankfully the internet access was reliable. It is on a quiet (for Beijing) and lively little street, directly adjacent to Jin Shang Park - which is great place to spend the morning if you like to rise early and enjoy tai ji, ballroom dancing, aerobics, swordplay, singing and such - or just enjoy the tranquil scenery in the middle of a huge city. It also one (long) block from the entrance to the Forbidden City / Palace Museum (take at least 2 days to see it all). I also recommend the tiny bao zi (steamed bun) vendor on the corner NW of the hotel - it ain't pretty but it's safe and delicious. We were easily able to negotiate a rate much better than what I've seen posted here.	
Dec 14 2008 	Not Up To Standard	We were attracted to this hotel because of some earlier reviews. Yes, the location is good even it is not near a metro station. The local activity around the hotel is interesting and we had absolutely no problems with taxis finding the hotel or even getting a taxi. We did not book the cheaper room but rather a &quot;deluxe&quot; one hoping that this could add some value to our stay. On arrival, the checkin was efficient but on entering the room the air conditioning was not working. By 11.30pm it was sorted only to stop yet again the next day. Despite repeated requests, it was still not working when we left after five days - only the fan in the unit was working with us having no control over temperature. To counter the heat in the room, we slept with the window open even though it was -6C most nights. On one day the room was not made up and at 9pm they reluctantly gave us fresh towels etc. We made the beds. Toilet paper is treated like gold - half size rolls in all directions and only one in the bathroom at any one time! They don't seem to understand that with two people a second roll might be handy some times. The water in the bathroom was advised as not to be drunk directly. On checkout we were charged for drinking one of the small water bottles in the room which we thought petty given no access to drinking water. Also on checkout we had to unlock our suitcase to return to them a tourist brochure about Beijing. No, it was not a book but only a brochure. We had intended to give it to someone soon to visit Beijing. This hotel needs to understand the usefulness of this type of marketing - for the country and for the hotel and especially so with the current downturn in tourism worldwide. Finally, the walls between the rooms are very thin - noises of a personal nature from the next room could be easily heard in our room. This would definitely not be a hotel to recommend to honeymooners!! To conclude, it was not an intolerable experience but the lack of concern over the air con and the checkout nonsense left a very sour taste in our mouths. No we will definitiely not be back nor could we recommend the hotel to anyone we wanted to keep as a friend.	
Nov 30 2008 	Started badly - Got worse.	Stayed at the Shatan at the end of Nov for 4 nights.Although the location appears good as its only a short walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Sq. it is also very far from almost anything else.As many have said before, it is on a very narrow Hutong full of local shops and although this can be seen as a good view of local Chinese life, for a first timer in the city it can initially be a bit daunting. (However, despite previous comments a taxi will be able to drive down the Hutong) The taxi (which you will need to get almost everywhere - the City is vast) situation is very strange. Whenever you try and take one from elsewhere in the city the driver invariably has no clue what or were you are talking about (just keep a map with you and point to JinShang Park). But - at various times throughout the day there is literally 8 or 9 waiting outside the hotel lobby, so obviously some of them know it!Lastly the staff are pretty poor, the staff wont let you leave the hotel after check-out until they have sent in a cleaner to check up on you, whilst you stand at the front desk. They then charge you if one of the hand-towels isn`t sparkling white still (which is fairly unlikely as the never changed them for 4 days!).Do not put yourself through this - it is a great city - but stay closer to the Sunlitun Embassy district for a better experience.	
Nov 26 2008 	Was definately not as expected	We were actually looking forward to our stay at this hotel after reading previous reviews however we were sadly disappointed. The hotel did not realise we were staying for 5 nights so had to find us an available room, after saying there were no double rooms left they magically managed to locate one for us. The room was small and cramped and the bathroom smelt of either sewage or damp which would not go away despite the hotel cleaning it after we had complained, and everytime we had a shower the bathroom floor would flood due to a gap in the shower door. The reception staff were not friendly and seemed at times reluctant to help. The only good thing about this hotel is it's location otherwise we were greatly disappointed and would not stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Fantastic Hotel and Service	Stayed at the Sha Tan Hotel for 7 nights in September 2008. The hotel is hard to beat for it's location, service and price. Stayed in a room with a double bed, which was very clean and modern, although very small but still comfortably cozy for 2 people. The lobby was well-maintained and the maid service was good. The room provided 2 bottles of complimentary water, and there was green tea available with no charge. The hotel has business cards with their address and a map on it to hand to taxi drivers. On one side of the car there is a list of popular tourist attractions that you can just check off and hand to the taxi drivers. The day shift staff spoke much better English than the overnight staff so if you require information or want to book a taxi to the airport of Great Wall (just under $100 Canadian to one of teh further sections of the Wall), be sure to ask during the day. The staff will gladly write down the addresses and names of places you want to go in Mandarin to hand to a taxi driver. The hotel's restaurant had a decent buffet breakfast of simple western and Chinese dishes- so don't go expecting pancakes and waffles and you'll be fine. Dinner however was lacklustre so don't bother as there are many delicious and cheap local restaurants on the same street as the hotel including a cafe in a traditional courtyard house which also serves a cheap breakfast and Western as well as Chinese food. The restaurants on the street are fantastic with either English menus or pictures on the menus.Be sure to have the hotel's phone number and a map if possible before you arrive in Beijing. Some taxi drivers had a difficult time finding the hotel, even with a map, but with the hotel's phoen number it was easy enough to ask for directions. The hotel is conveniently located a block from teh north entrance of the Forbidden City, a block from Jingshan Park, and about a 15 minute walk to the nearest subway entrance and main shopping street. The subway stops are not really convenient as they are not really near any major attractions. You are much better off taking a taxi which are inexpensive and charge a flat rate in the evening regardless of distance travelled. You can walk along the outside of the Forbidden City to Tianenmen Square in about 30 minutes, and it's about a 20 minute walk north to the back lakes area.The hotel is located on a hutong or back street. It is busy with locals and can be noisy, but with the hotel windows closed the noise is minimal and rooms are air conditioned anyway. Just be prepared that no one speaks English in Beijing, so ask any complicated questions at the hotel. I would absolutely stay here again for the price.	
Nov 20 2008 	Fair Good	The Hotel is as follows: Location: Its really hard to find it, almost all taxi drivers refuse to go as the address is not that descriptive, and the location is some how hidden, you need to tell them to drop you on the Shatan Street which is near to the Forbidden City Wall. then u can walk it from there. Location is inside a Local Street Poor alittle, with Some Fruit/Vegtable Markets and 2 small supermarket (incase you want to buy water ). you should consider always haveing the hotel card in ur pocket. Room: Fair Good as i advised, they have free internet but i just knew this when i was leaving as there is not sign saying free internet!!Bathroom is small but enough for a 3 Star hotel, and Beds were fair enough for havin a sleep , Street is quiet @ night. Breakfast: is the worst thing ....its from 7-9, and usually if you got there @ 8 , you will find everything is almost finished ...they dunt re-fill! Anyway, i just spend 3 days so i was not really suffering as most of the time i was out of the room. i just used it for sleeping.	
Nov 19 2008 	Avoid if possible	Were there in October 2008. The hotel rooms are extremely small and dirty. Upon check-out, bottles of water which were marked with &quot;complimentary&quot; were charged. Also the included breakfast was charged and discussions did not help as the lady's english was poor and we were in a rush to the airport.Also, at the second underground floor is a brothel marked with &quot;sauna&quot;.Other problems:- Taxi drivers don't know the hotel, so its difficult to get there- Environment very dirty- Absolutely no view	
Nov 10 2008 	Don't pick this hotel unless you are familiar with the area	The hotel is located at the center of Beijing city and in a residential area. Local residents live on the same narrow street and you will see their daily life, grocery shopping, meat markets, people riding bicyles or walking. One advantage of staying in this hotel is it is near the Forbidden City and Jingshan Park. There were some things we were unhappy with, such us, the room is small, the bed is hard, AC didn't work well, shower flooded the bathroom floow, breakfast is Chinese-style although they advertised western-style. It was impossible to change the room once we checked in even though we were not satisfied and complained to the management.	
Nov 4 2008	Good Location and Value	The hotel is very close walking distance to the Forbidden City. My room was spacious, clean, nicely furnished and had a flat screen TV. Hotel staff was good and price was great. Good overall experience.	
Nov 2 2008 	Excellent value	This hotel is excellent value. it is very central (Forbidden City in easy walking distance). The room was large enough and clean. The breakfast was OK and when we once had dinner there we noticed that the other guests were Chinese, which we took to be a good sign - most of the hotel guests were back-packer types.The staff were very helpful. We would go there again.	
Oct 21 2008 	great location	located in the north side of the forbidden city- the street is congested during the day with tour groups but in the morning and at night, the local flavor definitely comes out. skip the hotel's restaurant in the morning for some fresh soymilk, fruits, and scallion pankcakes for breakfast- all available on that street. the hotel staff was ok. they spoke english but wasn't so accomodating. michele gave me bad directions but she also refused to help me beyond what she already did (which were giving me wrong directions) when i asked her if she could call the place- she just denied me. the hallway smells of smoke and sometimes in the morning, smoke lingers into your room- but its all ok for 44/night- without windows. honestly- met my expectations and more.	
Oct 6 2008 	outstanding value	Just returned from Beijing and staying at the Shatan. This hotel represents outstanding value. We booked a 2 room suite for $87 USD @ night. The room was fantastic. The location of the hotel is also perfect. It's right behind the Forbidden City and a huge park. It's located on a small typically Chinese back street with all the hustle and bustle associated with it. You certainly can stay at one of the chains on one of the main streets, but if your intention is to see and experience Beijing/China this would be the ideal place. I highly recommend this hotel. As a side note, we arranged at the front dest for a cab to take us to the Wall. It cost $500 RMB and the driver waited while we toured and then drove us back- 6 hours in total. I really don't think you need a special guide or pay more than I did.	
Oct 5 2008 	Excellent location	The location of his hotel is brilliant, within short walking distance to the Forbidden City and Wanfujing shopping street, and was a great price for the location.The counter staff all speak English well and although they aren't overly friendly, they are helpful.The breakfast was alright, I like to have a decent sized breakfast in the morning and there was plenty on offer. I can't say I was that impressed with the dinner menu though.For the traveller whose main concerns are cost and location, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great location shame about the breakfast!	As other reviewers have already stated, the location of this hotel is really fantastic. In fact, it's almost unbeatable... and that in a city, which is very spread out and also prone to traffic problems. It's situated just behind the back gate of the Forbidden City in a hutong area... which gives an extra dash of local colour. We visited right at the end of the Olympics and the service there was excellent and very helpful. The room was not huge, but it was both comfortable and clean. There was a nice bathroom and a pretty large TV with a wide selection of channels (mainly Chinese). The only two slight drawbacks was that the tap water was not suitable for drinking and also the fact that the room was a little smelly. There is a business centre on the ground floor and the speed of the computers is pretty good. Another nice touch is the fact that there are free bikes available... and cycling is a great way of exploring the city. You just need to leave a deposit and off you go! The only really big problem that we had was with the breakfast. The restaurant is in a rather dingy room in the basement and the food selection is definitely geared to Chinese tastes. If you don't want to eat pork and noodles before noon, then this may not be the place for you. The Western alternatives are pretty limited and not very appetising (supermarket-style sliced white bread, for instance) and every time I saw a palatable Chinese option, I lifted up the lid of the tureen in question only to find that it was empty. So, all in all, a very nice stay, but one which left us rather hungry!	
Sep 14 2008 	Hilghly recommended	I don't normally post reviews of hotels online, but felt compelled after the excellent service offered at Sha Tan during our week's stay. The staff were very kind and really are prepared to go the extra mile to make your stay happy. I agree with all the positive reviews about the location and staff, and also the negative ones about the carpet. This is a minor gripe however. We stayed in a 5-star hotel in the more modern Xidan area the week before whilst I was on business - we definitely did the right thing in moving to the Sha Tan, lest we would have missed out on seeing the local neighbourhood lifestyle. The street is great for people watching as this is an actual functioning neighbourhood. Great value food can be found in the restaurants here - don't be foolded, these are not ritzy restaurants but local diners, though they are used to seeing foregners and some have English menus. Varied fare available and you won't have a chance to get bored with the cuisine. So much so that we hardly used the hotel's restaurant, so I can only comment on the one occasion when we did use room service. The translated menu was hilariously unfathomable (&quot;Black pepper Italy Surface&quot;, anyone?) but the food was tasty. Services available within a minute's walk include laundry, a bank, greengrocers and a supermarket.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Little Hotel Close to The Forbidden City	This is a great little hotel in an ideal location. It is within three minutes of walking to The Forbidden City. Also, it is located within a traditional Beijing hutong neighborhood, so I recommend going out early in the morning or late at night to walk around the neighborhood to get a sense of how locals live in their daily lives. When I was flying from Shanghai to Beijing, the Beijing airport got shut down because of very heavy rains, and my flight was canceled. I thought the hotel would have charged me for that first night, as I became a &quot;no show&quot; without a proper cancellation. When I arrived the next morning, they told me that they would not charge me for that missed night, as they knew it had been beyond my control.Sunny Yu speaks very good English, and can also help you with tours to The Great Wall, or other places, if you are interested.My room was a bit small, but was very clean. Overall, it's a great hotel, and I am grateful to them for the generously in not charging me for the missed night.	
Aug 2 2008 	Good little hotel	A decent location and a nice price. It's not extremely close to the metro, about a 20 min walk, but we walked there when we needed it. It''s also less than 5 minutes from the north entrance to the Forbidden City, and a 20 yuan taxi ride from the Beijing Railway Station. It was on a hutong, so hard for the taxi drivers to find, but the hotel e-mailed us a map a couple of days before our arrival and that was all we needed to give the taxi driver. Another benefit from the location was it was on a quiet street, so I slept like a baby. My only complains were that all the glasses and cups in the room were visibly dirty, as well as the white carpet was in need of a good cleaning, but that's China for you.	
Jun 22 2008 	Overall good	Stayed at the Shatan for 9 nights in June for about 430 euro. Its on a quiet street or hutong very close to the North gate of Forbidden City. Very quiet at night so easy to sleep. Room was large and looked it had been renovated. Carpet could do with a clean but apart from that, it was fine. Tea/coffee/water in room for extra charge but better off to go to shop - much cheaper. Subway is about 15 mins walk away. This wasn't a big deal until recently as there was only 1 subway line but there are 4 now with more to come soyou may want to be closer. Good to see how locals live but beware that if you buy dumlings, fruit etc from the stalls next to the hotel, you will be charged more than locals so only buy where prices are displayed. a couple of good restaurants on the street.overall good hotel on quiet street at good value.	
Jun 21 2008 	Good hotel great location	Clean room, great location, service was good, and room was reasonably priced. We took a room without a window but with breakfast included. It was a good trade off as we spent little time in the room and their breakfast was a good start to the day. Room was quiet and only time we wouldn't have minded having a window available was after using the shower. I should mention, i've seen some previous posts concerning the height of the ceiling ... i'm 6'1' and had plenty of space between my head and the ceiling so perhaps this is a room specific issue.Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Amazing Price!	We went to Beijing in April/May of 2008 and stayed at the ShaTan for a few nights. The service was excellent!!!! Sunny and Margaret were so accomodating we wanted to take them home! The room was nice considering the great price we got. The bed was firm but that seems to be the case in many Chinese hotels. The only con might have been the carpet but that does not compare to the nicely decorated room, the excellent service and amazing staff! I would definitly reccomend this hotel to somebody who has a budget but still wants to have a great stay in Beijing. TWO THUMBS UP!	
Jun 10 2008 	Couldn't Beat the Location	This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel, HOWEVER what it lacks in quality it more than makes up for in location. You can walk to the Forbidden City and surrounding venues. There are stores and restaurants and atm nearby. The rooms were showing a little wear, but they were clean. You do get some street noise (construction going on nearby). The bed was not overly hard, but it was firm. The morning breakfast does not have much variety, so if you are looking for a Western breakfast, you will leave hungry. Fortunately there is a great little coffee shop a block away (Alley Coffee House) that serves great Western meals (only drawback is they don't open until 8am). Lots of small food vendors, stores, bank ATM, and even a laundry all within a block of the hotel. The staff is very helpful. ... If a main focus was to experience the Forbidden City or if I wanted to be nearby Cycle China for other tours (less than two blocks from the hotel), then I would stay here again. Good value for the location.	
May 25 2008 	Good hotel in excellent location	The Sha Tan Hotel in Beijing was well worth the price paid -- the location was excellent, and the service was top-notch. The front desk spoke perfect English, and the rooms were comfortable.The hotel itself is a short-walk from the Forbidden City, and pretty close to Tiananmen Square as well, as well as several very nice restaurants (though I'd imagine it's pretty hard to get by in those without speaking Mandarin, which my girlfriend did).In short, I definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 25 2008 	My latest visit!!	This was my 3rd visit to ShaTan Hotel! And I was coming home!!The people, the street, the restaurants, It was all like coming home! I am sure when i come to Chine in 2009 im coming &quot;home&quot; again!!!!!!	
Apr 29 2008	The Shatan - great budget hotel in gd location	3 of us stayed 5 nites at the shatan. the staff were helpful &amp; the brekky quite good. Approx 5-10mins walk from northern gate of forbidden city, in a little local street. Was interesting for all to walk within this street. would definitely recommend to travellers for budget and location. ($327AUD with brekky for 3)	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful location	Loved this hotel, mainly for the location on an interesting Chinese street, very close to the Forbidden City and other tourist sites (although it is quite a walk to the nearest subway station). Reception staff are friendly and speak English fairly well. The rooms are of a good standard for the price. Breakfast hours are a bit restricted (7am - 9am), but have a wide range of Chinese foods to try with the option to create an equivalent of a full English.	
Apr 23 2008	A Hidden Gem in an Awesome Location!	Our group of 15 students and teachers stayed at the Beijing Shatan from March 16 to March 21, 2008. I booked the Beijing Shatan because it was located on a hutong only a short walk from the back exit of the Forbidden City. The hotel turned out to be an excellent choice! The staff were friendly, efficient, spoke English and went out of their way to make sure our stay was comfortable. The rooms were modern, clean and each had a mini-bar-fridge and safe. A delicious Chinese/Western buffet breakfast was included in the price of the room. There was also another good restaurant in the hotel and a variety of small inexpensive restaurants, fruit stores, bakeries and a grocery store just a few steps up the hutong from our hotel. In the evening, our students enjoyed using the pool table and games tables located in the basement. I’ve visited Beijing many times and this hotel was the best for it’s value and location. I will definitely stay at the Beijing Shatan the next time I visit Beijing.Gwena SchuckRichmond, B.C.Canada	
Apr 19 2008	Three-star hotel five-star overall experience	We stayed at Beijing Shatan for six nights, April 5-10, 2008. We booked the room on the internet and paid 488 CNY per night for a second-floor room with a double bed, and a large window overlooking the street. When we arrived, we were told that our rate included only one breakfast, and we would have to pay if we wanted a second. We agreed to pay an extra 38 CNY per day, but gradually learned that the front-desk staff is empowered to haggle. If we had bargained (opening with an offer of, say, at 20 CNY) we likely could have cut the cost to around 25. If you’re arriving without a reservation, be prepared to negotiate for your room rate as well.We moved to the Shatan from a five-star hotel at well over twice the price (The New Century) and were actually happier and more comfortable in our new digs.The location is FABULOUS. A stone's throw from the Forbidden City, yet on a hutong with very few foreign faces. We enjoyed getting to know &quot;our&quot; neighbourhood. Our #1 tip? Try a Sunday morning stroll through Jingshan Park.Our room included free high-speed internet (standard in all Shatan rooms, I believe) -- a real boon, as we were travelling with a notebook computer.Now for my take on some of the observations/complaints in other reviews.Yes, the carpet is badly stained. That is the ONLY fault we could find with our room, and it didn't particularly bother us. Beijing is no place for the dainty.The bed was very firm, but that was the case in every Chinese hotel we stayed at. Fortunately, we love a firm bed. We found the Shatan's bed as comfortable as any we've slept in -- anywhere. The bathroom was small but clean, with an excellent shower.The ceiling in our room (front, second floor) was not unusually low (and I'm 6'6&quot;). That must be a problem only in some rooms. Our flat-screen TV had perfectly acceptable sound and picture, but, then again, who comes to China to watch TV?I couldn't detect any cigarette smell in our non-smoking room. Your mileage may vary -- non-smokers should arrive in Beijing with a healthy dose of forbearance, as smoking is still widely tolerated here.Stay away from the minibar goods -- there’s a good supermarket down the street where you can get the same stuff for less than half the price. You'll have to start by making a trip there to buy bottled water (don't worry -- the cashiers cheerfully help new arrivals figure out Chinese currency). That said, the hotel minibar prices are still a fraction of those in a Western hotel. A beer was about $1.15.The active street life makes for a bit of a noisy room, but we loved being in the middle of the hustle and bustle. 98 percent of the faces you see out the window are locals, not tourists (I have posted a couple of photos). Bring good ear plugs if you’re a light sleeper like me. The breakfast was excellent. Lots of Chinese breakfast foods, but even a finicky Westerner will do fine (there are fried eggs, toast and jam, and plenty of fresh fruit). We steered clear of the hotel's dinners, based on reports from other TripAdvisor users.We ate at three different restaurants on our street, and had GREAT suppers each time. I carefully noted the addresses. At #9 they have an English-language menu (though one &quot;aubergine&quot; dish we ordered was actually apple fritters!). The restaurant was also slightly pricier than the others we tried. We also had a very nice (and cheaper) meal next door at #7.Our favourite, though, was the restaurant at #8-2. This was the one recommended in WalkIt's review (see below). The menu is in Mandarin (with photos) but the owner was very helpful in deciphering the choices for us in his limited English. We had two meals there, featuring six different dishes, and they were all delicious -- and cheap! Warmly recommended.	
Apr 9 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed at Shatan hotel for three nights. I had three hotels in the same price range to choose from, and chose Shatan based on the reviews here on TripAdvisor compared to the other two. Everything looked exactly like in the pictures I found posted here, so there were no surprises. I enjoyed my stay, and must say it was good value. China is really cheap, but I'm sure you can pay just as much for a hotel not nearly as good as this one. I have nothing bad to say really, except this one time in the evening my first day there when someone knocked on my door, and it was two hotel employees (a guy and a girl) who gave me a newspaper, asked me something I didn't understand and left again. The newspaper was in Chinese, which I can't read, and they didn't give me any more newpapers the rest of my stay. Weird. I almost suspected (not to sound paranoid) they made up an excuse to knock on my door to see the blonde girl staying at their hotel alone. Maybe that's not normal to them. It wasn't a big deal to me or anything, just a little strange.I enjoyed my stay, think it was well worth my money and would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff also spoke English well, at least the people in the reception did.	
Apr 6 2008 	What a great place to stay!	I stayed in Beijing Shatan Hotel for 5 days 4 nights on March 21-25, 2008. I booked 2 standard rooms, double bed, no window, each only costs me 398 yuan (around USD 61). Overall, we were satisfied with everything. This is a 3 star hotel but the facility is above the average of a 3 star hotel. I chose this hotel based on reviews on this site and I am so happy that my choice was right. The bed, furnitures, TV, bathroom, all was in good condition, clean, and worked properly. Thank God they had HBO channel. Otherwise, we could not see the TV because all programs were in Chinese and China made their own programs. Unlike in Indonesia, none was adopted from abroad in here (i.e. National Geography, Grey's Anatomy, Oprah Winfrey etc). I can see why some people complaint about ceiling and the bathroom because the ceiling was too low for them. For a person with heights of 2 metres and above, of course it feels like you are going into a cave. Also, the bath box was too small for Caucasian in average. For Asian like me (my height is 1.65 metres), the space is okay and enough.I was also afraid because there was a comment about how hard the bed was (One of the reviewer said it was so hard as if you slept on the door) but I found that the bed was okay, nothing wrong, soft enough to have a good sleep. So, no worry about the bed.The room we chose did not have a window so it is a bit strange for me. It was my first experience of staying in the room without window like that. But, on the other hand, I thought if we had windows, probably we would face a problem with noise coming from the street. So, maybe it is better not to have a window at all.I agreed with other travellers about the carpet. It had stains here and there. It seems the cleaning service did not clean the carpet although every morning I saw a vacuum cleaner standing outside the rooms but I never heard it run.I found all staffs has a limited English capability. When we told them about something, they just guessed what we want to say. Sometimes, they guessed wrongly. On the last day we stayed, the electricity was down in our room. So, my husband went down to the lobby to report that. In the lobby, instead of sending someone to fix the problem, the front desk just assumed that my husband wanted to check out. While he talked about the electricity, she kept repeating asking about &quot;You want to check out?&quot; &quot;Do you want to check out?&quot; over and over and she said &quot;Okay, wait a moment&quot; and then she process all the bills, ignoring my husband's intention of telling her about the electricity!The bellboy could not speak English as well but the bell boy wearing the eyeglass was nice and always had a smile on his face.The breakfast had many varieties enough for us to choose. As some reviewers said, the service was pretty slow in replenishing the empty plates. But, it did not bother us that much because so far we never in a situation where we were running out of everything. The taste was also great. Not spicy, tasteless, salty or whatever. It was just great.The location was the greatest thing of this hotel. It was near a traditional market and a minimarket. If we need something, we just walked out from the hotel and bought everything easily. We loved to buy fruits from that market. The strawberries were big, red, sweet, fresh, and juicy. There was also some mangoes that were so tiny I wonder how to peel it off. If you wander along the street especially in the evening, you can feel the local atmosphere, the bustle of people, buyers and sellers made transactions, many things were displayed, and it was a nice experience for foreigners.If you walked out the hotel and went left, you will find Jingshan Park in front of you. In Jingshan Park, you can climb the stairs to the top of the hill to see the whole Forbidden city. After go through Jingshan Park (paid 2 Yuan per adult and 1 Yuan per child above 2 yrs old), you can go on to Beihai Park (in adjacent to Jingshan Park) where there is a white Pagoda. From the hotel, you can also find Forbidden city easily by walking within 5 minutes. Just went left from the hotel untill you find a big road then turn left. There you go, the Forbidden city, North gate section; is in front of your face. Just cross the road and you can start your journey from there. So, you don't need to hire a tour and travel or taxi to go through this interesting places from the hotel. That would be saving money.Well, I am sure that we will stay again in Beijing Shatan Hotel if we have a chance to visit Beijing again in the future. It was very value of money.	
Mar 27 2008 	Emersed in Local Life Culture and History	I stayed at the Shatan Beijing for 3 nights last week. It is a 3-star hotel offering basic necessities, but comfortably so. Although it is located in the hutong area (narrow back lane in traditional old-style beijing), most cab drivers can find it easily. There is some construction ongoing along the lane leading up to the hotel, which makes it quite tricky for the cars coming and going along the busy lane.The best part of staying at the Shatan is its location. It is within walking distance to quite a few places of interest eg the Beihai Park, Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square (the latter is adjacent to Forbidden City). Walking along the lanes to and from the hotel can be very interesting because you get to see many small old-beijing style shops selling vegetables, fruit and even centuries old snacks. You can buy cheap bottled water here (I paid 6 yuan for 4 bottles of 500ml each)There is one shop selling Shao Pin (traditional flour cakes baked on the spot) with a long queue - too bad I didn't get a chance to sample the delicious looking stuff or take a video of the cook at work!The hotel room was small but quite clean. There were some stains on the carpet but they didn't bother me. My top concerns were the bathroom - which was impeccably clean, and the bed, which was also clean and comfortable, so I was happy. My room was on the 2nd flr and had windows that faced the front of the hotel. It was a bit noisy at times because it was in the hutong area after all, with lots of activity on the streets, but you soon get used to it unless you were an extremely light sleeper. I didn't mind because I got to see the daily life's panorama playing before me when I looked out the windows.Three things I wasn't too impressed with my room were the faint smell of cigarette smoke, the thin door/walls and the lack of replenishment of the teabags (even though I put a tip for the housekeeper each morning!). The room I stayed in was supposed to be a non-smoking room but I could smell the faint cigarette smell coming from other rooms or perhaps from the corridors. I admit I do have a sensitive nose though. I could also hear the sounds of people coming and going along the corridors and occasionally from upstairs as well. You also have to be careful with the coffee and teabags supplied. Some are chargeable and the words indicating as such are in Chinese. I made the mistake of opening up the wrong teabag the first night I was there (my room was supposed to come with complimentary tea/coffee making facilities). The complimentary ones (only chinese tea) are put in a separate corner!Breakfast was substantial but nothing fancy. It was inclusive in my room rates, so I just went for it to fill up the stomach for the necessary energy before venturing outdoors. The restaurant opens from 7am - 9am, so you will likely miss breakfast if you wake up late, but if you go too early (as I did the first morning - at 7:10am) everything's still cold. However, the 'in-between' timing was quite crowded and the food finished fast and got replenished slow. I guess you need to practise a bit to get the timing just right!The bellboys were very friendly and always had a smile on their face, which made the guests feel very welcome. The hotel staff were quite flexible and allowed me to use their business center's computer and internet for free when I needed to use it for around 10mins. I was also allowed an early check-in (11 am) and late check-out (2pm) which worked out great for me.	
Mar 6 2008 	Good Deal and AMAZING location	Great price at $80 per night. the location is almost too good to be true, you walk for less than a minute and you are looking at the forbidden city. The hotel includes breakfast which is pretty OK and daily housekeeping which is also OK. The carpets were unbelievably filthy but I think that is par for the course in China. They do however provide you with new slippers every day. the TV may say it's an LCD but its total junk, we couldn't even stand it being on. Did I mention how great this location is? Forbidden city 1 minute walk and it's right in the middle of what is called a houjie which is like a hutong I guess but what it translates to is that you are staying in a real neighbourhood not some super glass and steel thing that has been cooked up for we the tourists, we got foot massages every day across the street for $5 and the little grocery store up the street is kind of hidden but had cheap eats, there is a litle cafe at the entrance to the street which is kind of western and the owner speaks pretty good english, he offers free internet to customers and he is just an all around great guy. oh and he also rents the best bikes in beijing, well maintained and newish.I would recommend this place to friends and if you want to stay somewhere even cheaper we moved into another hotel 3 doors up for $27 per night called Jinshaling which wasn't quite as nice and no breakfast but great rate and friendly staff.	
Jan 27 2008 	A Home away from Home.	My wife and I stayed at the Beijing Shatan Hotel in June and July of 2007 on two separate occasions, and despite being a long way from home (Tasmania), were made to feel at home by the most helpful and friendly staff.The language barrier was minimized by the fact that most of the counter staff spoke acceptable and in some cases good English.The food in the restaurant was good and the restaurant staff were overwhelmingly obliging.Staff were always eager to help us when we needed to find out about the local bus service and tourist attractions, and everyone from the bellboy up greeted us at all times with a smile.The facilities were most acceptable, and despite being in Beijing in the midst of a scorching summer, our air conditioned room always provided relief. The location of the hotel is a big plus as well, being only a six or seven minute walk from the Forbidden City, and just around the corner from the delightful Jingshan Park, where the locals gather to play games and to sing and dance and play music. Also, it is only about a six or seven minute bus ride from Wangfujing Dajie, which is, to the best of my knowledge, the main shopping mall in Beijing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience central Beijing in comfort and for a reasonable cost.	
Dec 28 2007 	Very nice	Good hotel at a decent location and with great service. My wife and I got the standard bedroom with the large bed in late November when it was really cold and we found it very comfortable. The bed was relaxing, the central heater worked great (although it made watery sounds whenever it auto-heated the room at your specified temperature) and the shower was quick to heat at all hours. TV had free HBO.Every morning we would hurry on downstairs to eat the FREE breakfast which is made in the traditional Chinese way. Breakfast served everything from vegetables to fruits to meats that were very hearty and satisfying. We never ate anywhere else for breakfast. But you only have until 7am to 9am to catch yourself a plate of food before they start telling everyone (even people who are still eating!) that the restaurant is closing.Never mind the dinners they serve in the evening. They are horrible. But the family restaurants that stay open into the wee hours on the same street as the hotel are a worthy place to dine for your entire stay in Beijing. (I couldn’t read the name of this one restaurant we always ate at but the owner is a heavy man with buck teeth that’s always sitting at the desk near the front door and we ate there everyday.) I would order 3 plates of food that ranged from 2 to 3 dollars and just devour them regardless if I was full or not it was that good. So seriously check this place out.The Hotel staff was helpful and sweet. Come to them for any need and they’ll do their best.Location was also convenient, as is any hotel near the center of the city. There’s a Grocery store on the same street as the hotel and many small shops that sell water, snacks or whatever little thing you may need.	
Dec 20 2007 	Not so clean	Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. Didn't enjoy my stay here as the room reeked of cigarettes even though we had asked for a non-smoking room. The smell is extremely strong after the bathroom ventilator is turned on. No offence to smokers pls!We are not early wakers, as such, we couldn't make it for the breakfast as it ended at 9 in the morning. The corridor is noisy, especially in the morning.The carpet is very stained and the bathroom floor tiles were coming off. The towel looks unclean too. There were fruits in the room when we checked in, but a staff had come to collect it back and we had no idea why!Overall, it had been an unpleasant stay for us.	
Dec 2 2007 	very good value for the price	I am a 40 y.o. canadian traveller. Was my first time in China. Stayed in luxury 5 star China World before but that is not real China. Shatan hotel is located in a small street near Jinsang park ( spelling may be wrong)Location is excellent for someone who wants to feel real China. Lots of small and very good native restaurants, little shops, dry cleaner, general market within 5 minutes walking. There is a ATM machine next to corner but doesn not accept all foreign cards( not mine, PLUS network from Canada)There is a decent restaurant at the hotel but never tried. All other things that have been said on this hotel previously are acurate.Ask for a room at the back if you need to be quiet coz I had a room directly on front street ant it is very crowdy and noisy( not an issue for me) Taxis are easily available. Staff is quite fun to deal with and ready to help for anything. Enjoyed a lotYES I would go back( approx rate 500 rmb per night including breakfast)Mike from Montreal Canada	
Nov 18 2007 	Not too bad - pleasant surprise	Shatan hotel is located near the forbidden city, in a chinese back street. Taxi drivers english is non existant so it is important to get the hotel name in Chinese. From the airport you can catch a bus to the Forbidden city stop-extremely cheap, ask someone where the bus stop is. Then catch a taxi from the forbidden city stop to the hotel. The hotel tself is very clean and comfortable. The hotel staff speak some english, there is one lady there who speaks excellent english. Get them to book a taxi for you when you want to go out. Also ask the staff to write the location you want to go to in Chinese.We booked on Venere and a double was around A$75 to A$80 per night including breakfast - if you like Chinese for breakfast its great, if you want western, not much on offer, mainly cakes, coffee and juice.Dont be put off by the location of the hotel - it is on Shatan Houji (back street), walk down the street mix with the locals, they are harmless. Travel everywhere by taxi, the fares are ridiculously cheap. Make sure you get a card with the hotel address in chinese from reception, they also have cards with some of the tourist attractions in Chinese.We went on a day trip to the great wall of China, dont go on an organised tour, Beiling city offers tours to the great wall for 90RMB or 160RMB to see the Ming tombs as well-you get a guide and lunch is included. The bus stays with you the whole day and it drops you off at Ming Tombs for 70 minutes and then continues on to Great wall and you have 2 hours here. It is a good price and a good experience. Talk to the lady at Shatan Hotel reception, the one which speaks good english - you catch the bus near tianamin square. Overall good comfortable hotel with helpful staff	
Oct 20 2007 	Great Hotel!	Just came back from 4 days in Shatan Hotel and we were really happy about the hotel. Great location, clean and confortable rooms and very helpful staff. I would definitely recommend it for future stays in Beijing.	
Oct 8 2007	Great hotel	A good quality three star hotel. Clean facilities and clean rooms. friendly front counter staff. The hotel is close to Forbidden City. Getting around is a little difficult as it is quite a walk to the subway.Hotel breakfast was included in our package. We really enjoyed the wide variety of Chinese style dishes for breakfast. Very little western style breakfast which didn't worry us as we were enjoying the variety. The hotel is located on an interesting hutong (backstreet) which by itself (the hutong) is worth the trip to Beijing.At the end of the street is a nice cafe selling real espresso coffee.There is a bank with ATM around the corner although the exchange rate at the hotel was just the same.I would stay at Shatan Hotel again.	
Sep 22 2007	unbeatable location and price good enough comfort	while in beijing i found (i was just passing by i walked in) this fantastic hotel right behind the forbidden city -what means that the location is truly unbeatable. it's website is [--], not a luxury hotel by any means but far above average, including air-con in all rooms, of course private bathroom, also flat-screen... no cnn however since this is basically a real chinese hotel, ideal for those looking for a genuine chinese experience without paying a price in comfort of going too far in terms of cultural immersion. breakfast is good enough -again, no luxury but you will not get hungry and they have both chinese and western food -and it's complimentary. staff are very attentive -there english is basic but good enough, if you run into any little problem the manager is a very young guy with a lot of enthusiasm...he's willing to help. they have a small travel agency that can help with flight reservations (i cant remember if they charge any fee but in any case it was nothing significant), the hotel also has a &quot;business center&quot;, in practice a small room with two computers and an internet conection which can keep you in touch with the rest of the world. if one can afford a super luxury hotel, this is not for you. if, however, you're looking for an affordable price with just decent comfort + and unbeatable location this is your place (by the way, taxi drivers may not know the place but as soon as you show them the map they will have no trouble finding it...even taxi drivers can believe this hotel is right behind the forbidden city).	
Sep 17 2007 	great location !	the location of the hotel is just a short walk from the forbidden city and it's quite a central location. However, no taxi drivers have heard of the hotel and you have to be sure to tell the adjacent street.The breakfast is not too good but the room is nicely furnished and comfortable with a large LCD tv. bed is very comfy and although it's a 3 star, it's better than some of the 4 star i stayed in China. A hotel owned by the china petroleum group and the rooms looks to be quite newly renovated which is definitely a plus. The whole of beijing is quite newly touched up so it's a nice time to visit Beijing now and stay at this hotel. Oh, forget to mention there is a supermarket just beside the hotel which is excellent! there are fruit stalls down the street as well. Great! I enjoyed my stay at the Shatan to say the least..	
Jul 20 2007 	Great Situation		
Jun 4 2007	Recommend!!		
Mar 4 2006	Great location wonderful service		
Nov 12 2009 	perfetto		
Jun 26 2009 	Buena opción para Beijing		
May 12 2009 	L'hotel presque parfait !		
Nov 10 2008 	a 2 passi dalla Città Proibita		
Apr 8 2008 	Ottima scelta		
Dec 1 2007 	Estupendo hotel		
Nov 6 2007	Excelente hotel buen servicio hablan ingles y buen desayuno seguro y limpio.		
Aug 2 2007	Super !! très bon choix		
Nov 17 2006	Günstige Lage !		
