Oct 9 2009 	Excellent location for walking/exploring and fabulous breakfast for China!	h my nine year old daughter and would normally overlook hostels, but I was drawn to this one by the reviews and location. The ensuite with two twin beds was small but convenient, with cozy duvets and cable TV. (Also includes an electric water pot and tea, a chair, desk and side table.) For $37 US, it was a very good deal, especially in all the hubbub leading up to the 60th Anniversary. The bathroom had a strong sewer smell (welcome to China; it's pretty normal) and the one extra electric outlet was broken, but it was generally clean and the public areas were immaculate.The hostel is tucked in a quiet alley not far (maybe one block) from a bus stop. (Catch the #2 on the same side of street as the hostel to head to Tiananmen East/ #1 subway line or Qianmen/ #2 line) It is nestled between the Forbidden City and WanfangJie, the walking &amp; shopping street. It is also just a few blocks from the Night Market (tasty and exotic treats - from candied fruits to grilled lizards and seahorses), which runs from about 6-10 pm nightly. My daughter is pretty tough for 9 and we walked all over the city, but the front desk will also help arrange taxis or the information room attendant can help with travel logistics. They also have several tours they'll sell you (expensive compared to using public transit, but competitive prices compared to other tour operators). We opted for public transit and had a blast (and total solitude!) at Great Wall Simatai. We walked to the Forbidden City, to JingshanYuan (2 kuai, highest point in the city with a bueatiful temple that looks straight down on the Forbidden City), Bei Hai Park (20 kuai, with 5 kuai ferry rides across the lake and plenty of cultural relics and nice park areas) and all around T Square. We also used the subway often, which was crowded but easy to navigate and VERY cheap (2kuai per single journey).We were gone all day every day, so took advantage of the safe lockers by the front desk - 1 kuai each time you lock it but well worth it &amp; big enough for a computer and small personal items.We stayed several days and enjoyed the breakfast - the best I've seen in China, even in the fancier high dollar hotels. It always had a couple of Chinese dishes (spring rolls, noodles, fried rice,) either scrambled or fried eggs plus boiled eggs, croissants &amp; jam, veggies and dressing, meusli and fresh yogurt and fruit. The breakfast area and reading room are nicely decorated in traditional style, and don't forget to try on the Emperor/ Empress suits in the Information room and get your photo! (Take your own photo, but donning the suits is free.)There is a supermarket (turn left outside the alley, about one block on left) with plenty of fresh fruits &amp; veggies and even some western niceties (lunch meat &amp; sliced bread - even wheat!) without the upscale import prices. There's decent wireless internet in the lobby, and I was sometimes also able to pick it up in the room. It's free, but I believe there's a small charge for using their computers in the internet room.Overall, the staff was really friendly but not necessarily very helpful. They speak some decent English and run to help you with taxis, but if there is a problem you may get the Asian shrug-off. With the great location, breakfast, and moderately nice facility, I would certainly stay again and recommend it to friends. Had I not had my daughter, I would not have opted for the ensuite - save yourself the stink and get an even better deal for a fabulous location! As always, take ear plugs just in case! (I never needed mine.)	
Aug 20 2009 	Great place to stay	Really affordable with friendly staff. Located about 10 mins from Forbidden City which is a must see attraction. Handy supermarket a couple of doors down, with really cheap water and other food stuffs. If you opt for breakfast as a extra it's a little expensive compared with food everywhere else at 30Y , but is an all you can eat, we enjoyed the museli. The information office here are really helpful and can book tours along the great wall etc. and train tickets, they found us cheap flights to Hong Kong.	
Jul 29 2009 	Jade International Youth hotel	Excellent budget hotel with all the facilities that you need. In walking distance for shopping and most of the major sights.Would recommend to anyone.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good value in great location	Friendly staff, secure and pleasant facilities, right in heart of historic area. While there are more exotic and charming hostelling locations in the city, this facility is a well-run hotel-like option (as opposed to siheyuan/courtyard house option) within 10 minute walk of the east end of Tiananmen Square. However, being halfway down a long alley, it is not a well-known hotel nor is it an easy location to describe to a taxi driver.Free WiFi in the lobby is a nice amenity. Hostel staff took my heavy rolling luggage and escorted me into the lobby when I first arrived--better service than expected! They also watched the courtyard to ensure those who entered were residents or had business there.I was pleased with my three night stay.	
Apr 9 2009 	Exceptionally Good	We booked just the one night here due to time constraints.The service was excellent - polite, efficient and informed.We were surprised by quite how good the en-suite twin room was. This is only supposed to be a hostel but it is 3-star hotel standard.The location is excellent - close by the Forbidden City and a leisurely 15-minute stroll down to Tian'anmen Square. The nearest metro (Dengshikou, I think it was) is about 10 minutes walk away (once you realise that it's quicker walking down the alleys) and the nearest bus stop is about two minutes away.The amenities are very good - reception, restaurant and tourist office.We liked everything about this place.If you require very comfortable accommodation in a very central location with very helpful staff then this place is it - at an unbeatable price.	
Feb 18 2009 	Love this hostel :)	This hostel is so cool. Staff are all friendly and nice. Clean rooms. Wi-fi access in lobby is very useful. Location also rocks. Rates are very affordable. You'll be amazed when you see the rooms. If you'll go to Beijing, I will suggest that you stay here. More value for money? Stay in this hostel :) It's also near food strip.	
Nov 2 2008 	Hotel standard rooms...	Rooms here are small, but clean. We stayed in a standard room with private ensuite. TV in room. Comfortable bed. Room is cleaned daily, and towels, soap, toothbrushes etc are provided. Chinese style bathroom: no partition between the shower area and the rest of the bathroom. Good location: 10 mins walk to Forbidden City or Wangfujing shopping street. Free bike hire with 600 RMB deposit. Free wireless internet in the lobby and bar area. Otherwise you can use their computers for 1 RMB for 6 minutes. Huge common area with TV, stereo and couches and books to read.Can be a little noisy at night, so bring ear-plugs if you are a light sleeper. Reception staff are very helpful with directions etc. Washing machine and dryer facilities available for a fee. They provide a free pick-up service from Beijing Railway Station if you call in advance. We took the Airport Bus from PEK (18 RMB), then jumped in a cab to get to the hostel. Cab driver got lost, so we had to put him on the phone to the hostel. Buffet breakfast is 35 RMB. Eggs, onion rings, toast, croissants, fried rice, noodles etc. Ok, but not fabulous.	
Apr 16 2008 	Loved the fish tank	Booked accommodation through a language school - stayed for just over two weeks. I have never stayed in a youth hostel and didn't know what to expect this experience was a good one. I had a room on the third floor, twin for single use with shower room(standard). I didn't have any problems with noise, just the occasional late returner to hotel at weekend and that can be the same in any hotel. The hotel was refurbished about two years ago. The shower room is modern with pretty good fittings, tiled floor modern toilet (a toilet to sit on is not always found in Beijing) hairdryer and regular supplies of toilet paper, towels changed every day. Bedroom is part tiled and part wood effect flooring. TV and kettle provided with a couple of T bags every day. Lighting in room is OK but if you like reading in bed take a mini light. The hotel has a lot of English speaking staff - some have the minimum few words others a pretty good command of the language and they battle with the dozens of accents they come across every day. Comfortable seating in the reception area try to be there when they feed the fish with other tiny live fish. Seating area in the bar with big widescreen TV with DVDs available. Food and drink prices are reasonable, bar food is mostly western style and aimed at backpackers/students. Its not bad though and I believe Chinese food is available but I'm not sure when because I never managed to be there. Breakfast buffet is now 35 yuan. Food OK. Tea and coffee arrangements are hit and miss. Take your own tea bag and ask for hot water. Coffee isn't bad if it is hot. Internet access is not wireless so if you have skype etc you need the right equipment pay at reception and then find your allocated PC. The hotel is clean, well serviced and the staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel position is great for walking to sights - it won't suit you if you want a subway station on the doorstep. No problem if you understand the bus routes or are prepared to walk (about 15 mins). The hotel has the required cards to show taxi drivers to get you to the tourist areas or back to the hotel. If you are going to use the taxis a lot get someone in the hotel to write out the address in large print. Lots of the taxi drivers just need to wear glasses for reading! If you find a good taxi driver try to get their card and get a quote for anything you want to do farther afield. 3 or 4 people in a taxi to the wall is cheaper than an organised bus trip and you can get their earlier before the crowds.Beijing is safe to walk around, the area is residential so you won't see that many people late at night but it's OK even as a lone female. The people in the hutong close to the hotel are pleasant and used to the guests tramping through on the way into the centre. Bikes can be rented and tours/cars to airport can be arranged by the hotel. Changing money at reception is actually cheaper than using an ATM. Security boxes available 1 yuan per use.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Budget Accomodations	I booked a private room at this youth hostel. Having stayed at hostels before, I can say this was much better than most, if not all. Clean, all the amenities you could ever want or need, and you can't beat the location.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great location - friendly staff and clean	Myself and my girlfriend stayed at the Jade Youth Hostel for a few nights while passing through Beijing. The location is fantastic - only a few minutes walk from the Forbidden City.Our room was very clean. Staff spoke decent english. Staff also booked our train tickets to Xi'an and a tour to the Great Wall.I would definately recommend this hostel if staying in Beijing. It looks more like a hotel than a hostel - so not so cozy - but definately comfortable.Rgds,GPS	
Sep 3 2007 	Beijing Jade international youth hostel	I booked this hostel through (--) (v good website that contains unbiased reviews from travellers)I stayed in the Beijing Jade Youth Hostel (part of international hostelling)address is No.5, North Zhide Alley, Beiheyan Street,, Dongcheng District costs 75Y (=£6) for one bed in a 4 bed dorm for one night (shared bathroom outside of room). They also have 6 bed dorms and twins with ensuite.It is very smart, clean, light and airy for a hostel. You can also get a breakfast buffet for 25Y and the nice communal bar area does food throughout most of the day. They have a tourist info office and you can arrange tours to great wall etc.I found it to be in the best location compared to othe hotels and hostels. It is walkable to forbidden city, tiannmen sqaure, main shopiing street, night market. Beijing is a very pread out city so be prepared to walk alot.Best way to get around is by taxi (cheap) - beijing is a very speard out city so be preparedt o do a lot of walking.I took the shuttle bus from airport to just opposite the department stores on Xichang'an jie - you can then walk to hostel = 40 min or take a taxi for 30Y.I was a single female travelling on my own and found it to be a safe city. Just be wary of young people coming up to you posing as struggling art students who then take you to their art shop and conn you into buying paintings that are a lot more exp than what you can get in the market. Also be careful of the rickshaw drivers. I had an experience where i wanted to go from A to B and I bartered for a price before hand. He then took me on a long tour of the backstreets with historical facts and then demanded a lot more money!English is spoken by very few and those few only speak it to a degree so best to always have a map in english AND CHINEESE so you can point to where you want to go as taxi drivers tend not to speak english.It is a facinating city on the verge of change as they are preparing for the 2008 olympics. Lots of construction work going on!	
Apr 3 2007 	Superb buget accomodation in Beijing	I have been teaching in China for seven months now and I have stayed a total of nearly 40 nights at the Jade Youth Hostel. The rest of thetime I live in a City some two hours away.If your looking for something cheaper than the hotel chains, the likes of Novotel etc, but something better than a typical YHA Youth Hostel, this place fits the bill. Everything about it is superb. From the friendly staff, spottlessly clean reception, great bar, tasty restaurant to the clean and comfy rooms. Located just 5mins walk from The Forbidden City, this gives you an idea of its great central location. For the cheapest way to book, go via www.hostelbookers.com or one of the similar sites. You get it slightly cheaper than paying at the front desk, though at the prices they ask, its not much at all! For a single bed in an 8 person dormitory - Y50. A single bed in a 4 person dormitory - Y60. Neither are en-suite, instead they share a shower room and toilet room. Both are cleaned very regularly, and are spotless for the majority of the time. Above that, a private double en-suite costs Y200 for the room. Having stayed in all of them, I would advise the 4 bedroom dorm over the 8, only because it can sometimes get a little noisy with people coming and going from the 8 person. The private rooms are ideal for those wanting a little more privacy.There is a tour agent within the hostel, where it is possible to book taxis to the airport, visits to the Great Walk and other City tours, all of which I've tried and found perfect.There is an internet bar that does what it says on the tin, cheaply (5Y for 30mins). The Bar / Lounge is very popular. A chill-out place to watch movies during the day, and a great place to warm up before going out on the night, with beers a mere Y4 and table football. There are some other hostels nearby that I have heard good reviews from too, but the fact that I never felt the need to go elsewhere on one of my many visits speaks for itself.The easiest way to get there is to jump in a taxi, call the front desk of the hostel, and get them to direct the taxi driver. Simple and easy.	
Apr 24 2006	Sound sleeper?	While the hotel had great prices (cheaper booking online in advance) and the rooms were adequate it's quite noisy. Not only are other guests yelling at each other in the thin walled hallways (they do have shhhh please signs posted to no avail), but one morning the employees were even on their walkie-talkies at 5:30am with the thing buzzing back and forth. If you're a light sleeper, it's not great. The rooms are on the small side but good enough for two of us, the shower is part of the bathroom so the whole floor gets wet, most of the hostel type part is spread out so there isn't that meeting others feeling. The taxi had to call them twice on the way from the airport to find them but they are located within walking distance of a few places and it's easy enough to get a taxi at the end of the street, even at 5:30 in the morning! We'd stay again, it wasn't awful, it just wasn't great.	
Nov 17 2005	Beijing Jade Youth Hostel - Great budget accomdation	We stayed at the Beijing Jade Youth Hostel (Address: 5 Zhide Beixing, Beiheyan Dajie) in Beijing in September 2005 and we would highly recommend it to anyone looking for cheap but decent accomodation in the city. I think we paid around US$15-20maximum for a double room with ensuite. They also have dorm rooms available which are much cheaper...	
Nov 17 2005	comodo e assolutamente dignitoso		
