Oct 25 2009 	Excellent	Facilities are very nice, modern and clean. Beautiful view of '08 Olympic venue, particularly at night.. Superb Intercontinental hotel staff make all the difference. I was particularly pleased with the professionalism and assistance provided by the Club Lounge staff, especially the manager, Ella, and the business center staff. Their English is excellent. Club Lounge staff's knowledge of the city and time it takes to travel by taxi to various areas of the city was a great help.	
Aug 17 2009 	all that glitters is not gold!	big entrance thats all - not what you would expect from an intercontinental hotel. Red paint stains in room, tacky looking boxes in bathroom, room service was a disaster, had the worst spaghetti EVER there. I really could not believe that was meant to spaghetti with beef sauce, had to leave it uneaten. so called guest-relations were not there to help as we requested butler service! the only good thing is the view in the evening! And there is nothing other than the stadium around. it takes time to get taxi as well.	
Aug 13 2009 	best concierge services in town!	Room Amenities: The room is spacious, and so as the bathroom. The amenities in the room are nothing to criticize, nice mega Plasma TV, well-equipped executive work desk with stationery ….and more crucial is the housekeeper service, so courteous! View: as Bird Nest &amp; Water Cube are just around the corner, i.e. 5-10 mins walking distance, Beijing Contin. Beichen is the BEST choice if u wanna to explore these Olympics venues more~ nice view from my room window. Night scenic of Water Cube is so impressive!One thing needs to mention is the security system of this hotel! Each hotel guest can only access to their own floor by using the digital hotel room card when they use the lift. Location: the only drawback~ a bit far from the city centre, lets say 30 mins to downtown Wangfujing, Temple of Heaven, 20 mins to Sanlitun Street, etc~ but definitely convenient if u get on a taxi, fare is reasonable!The last thing I would like to mention here and the most remarkable thing is the best concierge services they provided in which impress me a lot. Both my friends and I are very pleased and impressed by Lolita, Anson and Adam. Three of them are very cordial, sincere, along with knowledgeable of various tourist sites and nice restaurants. Not only giving appropriate recommendation of our travel itinerary, but also patient in answering our enquiries. They are indeed very customer-oriented, more specifically, attention to details. We are very glad to meet them in Intercontinental Beichen that makes our trip more memorable. Many thanks to three of you! We’ll definitely stay here again if we visit Beijing in future!	
Aug 3 2009 	New World Elegance Adjacent to the Olympic Green	This hotel had the feel of a Four Seasons or similar. Very upscale, modern, elegant furnishings and first class service, with most of the very cordial and helpful staff speaking English well. The breakfast buffet can't be beat (pricey but worth it) with a wide selection of Asian and Western food of good quality. We booked through the website and the room, with breakfast was $150 per night. The room had all sorts of amenities beyond the usual bathrobes, slippers, etc. including a hot pot and french press and condoms in the bedside table. The large screen LCD tv had a good selection of English speaking stations. The bed was quite comfortable (unusual for China), lots of marble, and dark soothing color scheme. The fitness center was well equipped with a beautiful infinity pool. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants other than for breakfast. The only downside was that other than the Olympic Green across the street and the National Convention Center next door, there was nothing near by. We had to walk a ways to find a grocery store to get some snacks. NOTE: If you're attending a conference, make sure you're wanting to stay near the National Convention Center, not the Beijing International Convention Center as I was confused. The latter is a 30 minute hike across the Olympic park (which wasn't too bad and I wouldn't have wanted to stay at any of the hotels near it, the Crown Plaza adjacent to it was yuck).	
Jul 25 2009 	Good hotel but very bad restaurant service	We stayed in the Intercontinental Beijing Beichen for 6 nights in July 09. I was in Beijing for a conference and wanted to make some sightseeing, too. The location of the hotel is good if you want to go to the convention centers. However, if you want to go to the city it is far away, you have to change the subway at lest 2 times. We were upgraded to a king-size room with a view to the olympic stadium the bird nest. This was really nice, especially in the evening. The room is spacious, very clean and very nice, very well equipped with complementary tooth-brushes, comb, and office supplies. Nice bathroom, too. The bed is very comfy. The service at the front desk and the concierge was very good, too. They recommeded us two restaurants which were really good and exactly what we had asked for.The bar in the lobby is very nice with a good barkeeper. However, prices are ridiculous. For a small coke you pay almost 10$! What we really disliked was the Chinese restaurant &quot;Di&quot;. We had dinner there but only once since this was a very bad experience! The service was the worst I have ever had. The waitress was visibly annoyed to serve us dinner. When we ordered our menue she interrupted us and talked to other waitresses several times until we asked if we can continue our order. She had absolutely no interest in giving us a good service. On the top, prices for beverages were really ridiculous, for a small coke we paid 10$!! Food was ok, although nothing special. No wonder we were the only guests....The breakfast buffet is big with lots of Chinese food such as dumplings and Chinese pasta. It looked good, but it was more a lunch than a breakfast buffet for my taste. There is also a section with a western-style breakfast. It looks really nice but it has nothing to do with good American or European bread or orange juice. We were astonished that an intercontinental hotel did not know how to serve some American or European breakfast. It tasted bad! So although it was included in our booking we did not have breakfast there very often.For a business trip bring your own laptop. The business center is nice but internet is not complimentary, for every minute you pay 3 RMB. The connection is so slow that you need at least 10 minutes just to check your mails.However, besides these two points the hotel is good. If you do not want to eat or drink something there and you need no internet, I absolutely recommend it!	
Jul 18 2009 	First class hotel living up to its reputation	Modern and classy hotel not too far from the airport. Facilities we found excellent with a large double bedroom and marble bathroom. The breakfast to satisfy many cultures was second to non I have eaten in Asia. Would always return to this hotel especially if you need to travel to the airport for an early flight.	
May 21 2009 	A bit far from the city.	The hotel is pretty much brand new, as it only opened during the Olympics. However, it is a bit far from the action, and it takes about 45 minutes to 1 hour by subway to the city center. The room is spacious, and the bathroom got a nice bath. The flatscreen TV is nice too!!In general, if you do not mind the travelling, it is a good hotel with decent price. It is cheaper than the same quality hotel in the city centre.	
Apr 28 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with the best staff.	I have stayed in many hotels but this is by far the best by far. i come to China on average once every 2 months and I have tried for 2 years to find a fabulous hotel. And here it is. The staff are incredible - friendly and caring and very knowledgeable. I love staying here as I feel like it is a home away from home - something that is not easily achieved in any hotel. The rooms are large very comfortable, very attractive and as a business traveller that is essential. I not only recommend you stay here but insist on it! Although some distance from the shopping area of Wangfujing the quiet streets at night more than make up for it and it is only a 30 min cab ride to Wangfujing. There are great restaurants only 5-10 mins away. I love this place and have now ensured all my colleagues stay here. This is my 6th stay and I would not contemplate staying anywhere else.	
Apr 7 2009 	Totally amazing hotel - The best in the WORLD..Big statement but see for yourself	He stayed at this First Class hotel in March on a holiday through China.We read the reviews on here and decided to stay.The hotel was amazing - great facilities - awesome friendly and professional service.Food amazing - amenities amazing - the pool and spa areas first class.I have attached some pictures of the pool and also some dishes we has in the Chinese restuarant at the hotel. The Chef and staff were so helpful and the food was the best Chinese I have eaten anywhere!The rooms are very large and the bathroom is awesome.A nightly turn down service will suprise you!Make sure you say hi to &quot;Vince&quot; in the buffet area - very helpful and a great source of information.Nearly forgot - the Birds Nest and Olympic venues are across the road!	
Mar 12 2009 	The best hotel stay I ever had!	From the moment of the reservation up to my departure, my experience was perfect.A warm welcome whilst checking in, a very helpful concierge, great rooms with lots of space and lots of attention to the detail, great breakfast, lunch and dinner - all in all the service was overwelming and just like it should be.The hotel offers a state-of-the-art wellness and fitness center where you can easily hide after a long day of meetings.I will never ever go to another hotel while staying in Beijing!	
Mar 1 2009 	Hidden Gem in Beijing	Located in the Olympic Stadium area the hotel has a great feeling of space and quiet that is rare in Beijing. Its a lovely hotel, big rooms and its new. The arrival experience from the airport sets the stage for an enjoyable stay and I do recommend taking the hotel limousine. Excellent concierge, helpful staff who are eager to please. There are good dining options, rooms are excellently priced and the pianist at the lounge is great.There is not much around the hotel but the subway is a 2 minute walk and its a quick run into the main areas of town. Its a big bonus to stroll around the lovely stadium areas - try and get a room facing the arenas to enjoy the light show at night.The fitness centre and pool are superb but unfortunately it was a busy trip and I will have to try these next time.	
Feb 20 2009 	Amazing Hotel - Amazing Amenities - Across the road from the Birds Nest	We stayed at the Beichen for 4 nights on a trip.We were amazed at the service and amenities at the Hotel.Beds with pillow menus - soft, hard, firm, down etc.The room we had was 2 single beds (they are the size of a double bed) with an amazing bathroom and plasma TV. Large rooms with large amounts of storage and a dedicated table and chair and office supplies for a business man are a great feature.Coffee in the lounge area is an experience in its self - see the pictures.Then you have the breakfast and dinner buffet in the o2 restaurant - if you cannot find something from the vegeterian, chinese, cantonese, japanese, indian, seafood, western and amazing dessert buffet (all in one) that includes soft drinks and tea and coffee you will never be pleased!An amazing hotel with amzing service - there was snow outside around -2degrees celcius and we could swim in the indoor heated pool at 28 degrees celcius. (check the pictures out).We booked this through our travel agent with a breakfast for around $145 AUD per night - this is the best value hotel I think I have stayed in the world!	
Feb 14 2009 	Impeccable service	I stayed in InterContinental Beijing Beichen on Nov, December, Jan and Feb 2008 and 2009, one who travel as mush as I do, you are the difficult customer and have vary little tolerance for any think that does wrong, this hotel makes certain that nothing goes wrong, and make every attempt to make me very happy.Having traveling in and around China as well as around the world for many years. As a frequent traveler, the hotel has meets all my needs and requests during the time I stayed there. All the staffs are excellence. They are very friendly and can speak good English and they always offer me the best service to make each of my days to be the best one.The staffs make me feel that InterContinental is the second home for me. They treat me like I am a part of their family. If you are a frequent traveler like me, its great hotel, I highly recommend this hotel to you.Club InterContinental, if you like great vine and cheese like I do, check it out the service is impeccable By the way, my view of the Olympic park a green area, is spectacular, Bird Nest, Water cube, indoor stadium and the TV tower this has got to be the best view in Beijing.Steve Moreau Knorr Brake LTDField Service EngineerService Clientele675 Development DriveK7M-4W6Kingston Ontario Office 613-389-4660 Cell    613-484-5213Chinese Cell +86 15801082280Fax    613-389-8703	
Dec 5 2008 	Delightful Experience!	My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Intercontinental Beijing Beichen in November 2008. Since the hotel is relatively new we could not find any reviews prior to our stay; we decided to fly blind and hoped for the best! Upon arrival we were immediately greeted by two lovely doorwomen and a bellboy helping with our luggage. Check-in was efficient and the reception offered currency exchange service - a convenient feature. The hotel is located across the Olympic site and offers a spectacular view of the Bird's Nest stadium, Water Cube, TV Tower and the surrounding neighborhoods. The whole Olympic area was heavily guarded against vandalism so we felt extremely safe the entire time. Our room on the top floor is beautifully decorated with espresso furniture (my favorite!), flat screen TV, ample closet space, comfy bed and linens, and an ultra modern bathroom with enormous shower stall. The hotel appeared to be quite deserted due to slow season and post-Olympic games. Aside from the hotel staff we only ran into no more than 5 other hotel guests! Fortunately Intercontinental didn't compromise its quality of service in all aspects; breakfast and lunch at the Cafe were well presented and decent. We enjoyed the ambience and live piano music at the lobby lounge after a hectic day of sightseeing. The Peking duck and dishes at the Chinese restaurant were scrumptious, and we felt like Royals being served by 5 waitresses since we were the only two customers. I guessed they were so bored and eager to look for something to do! Lolita at the concierge desk was very knowledgeable with arranging our daily excursions to various attractions; and our room attendants were also helpful with our requests for little things like bringing in ice (for the mini-bar), menus, etc. The one thing I would like to see improvement on is the lighting of the guest room as it turned out to be a little dark and unwelcoming. Overall, we loved the hotel a lot and would definitely return for our next visit to Beijing. I hope Intercontinental keeps up with the good work and get the words out about this lovely establishment.	
Nov 27 2008 	Ghost hotel?	Stayed at this hotel for my last night in Beijing after a week of business travel in China. I decided to spend some extra money to finalize my trip. When I arrived at the entrance, there was nobody to help me with my luggage or to open the door. Once I entered the hotel, I noticed there was only 1 guest in the lobby/bar. During my stay at the InterContinental Beijing Beichen I didn't see any other guests. The check-in was smooth and friendly but the bellboy clearly expected a tip for bringing the luggage to my room, something which is not standard in China. When I made a walk through the hotel, it became clear several floors were deserted, garbage laying around, dust, etc... It really felt like a ghost hotel, and so does the whole Olympic Green area. Lights are put off after 10pm (to save energy I guess) but this makes the view less attractive. I paid extra to have a view on the olympic green, but the size of the window in my room was only 1/3 of the front wall. Very weird feeling when I opened the curtains which covered the whole front wall, to find out it only had a small window! Minibar was also very expensive, 50RMB for a bottle of Evian water. The hotel only opened in August 2008, but some features in the room were already run down (I was on the 14th floor). Looking at the details/finishing of the hotel interior, I got the feeling it was constructed in a rush, which must have been the case since I visited the site two months before the games, and still a lot of work had to be done.Intercontinetal (and the Beijing government) will need to take some serious action to make the hotel and the Olympic Green area more attractive, otherwise it will end up like the Athens 2004 site.	
Nov 22 2008 	Love this Hotel	This is a wonderful hotel to stay if you want to be close to Olympic Park. It's walking distance to Water Cube and Bird's Nest. Night time view is wonderful and I really enjoy my stay there for 4 evening. Their breakfast and dinner buffet is one of the best.	
Nov 5 2009 	Top Hotel		
Jun 22 2009 	Fantastisches Hotel		
