Nov 4 2009 	Not bad in fact quite good	I took a group of university students to Beijing to attend a week long conference. Each morning, bright and early, our free breakfast was vast, fresh, and delicious.As we needed to often secure taxis, the concierge was more than helpful, getting up Google maps of our destination, and talking in Chinese to our taxi drivers to make sure they understood where we were going.The hotel is elegant; however, the staff was impeccable. Always smiling,always accommodating.We were impressed. I suspect you will be too.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed there three nights in July. Got upgraded to Club Level (due to Marriott Rewards status), and had a very nice top floor room. Very friendly and helpful staff.Located between city center and airport. 5 minutes walk to Holiday Inn-area with many restaurants. Also 5 minutes walk to shopping center (can be a bit hard to find, though).Breakfast buffet was ok, but not more than that.Downstairs, the bar advertized with Guinness pints for CNY55, but served 25cl (~half pint), yet still charged CNY55, even though I explained how much a pint actually is.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great service for first time visitors	My husband, daughter, and I recently stayed in the Beijing Marriot Courtyard Hotel along with other family members and friends while visiting China. We found the hotel and its staff to be tremendously helpful and courteous at all times. the staff at the front desk handled all of our reservations very well, our rooms were very clean and comfortable, the facilities were comfortable and well located. The highlight of the hotel, however, is its quality of service particularly by the concierge. Davis was so very helpful with every question, problem, need, request, etc. at any time. He booked plane tickets, show tickets, hailed taxis, provided information and maps and generally provided a superior quality of service. to people new to china and to beijing in particular, his advice and quality of information was very helpful and much appreciated.	
Aug 6 2009 	Perfect Beginning and Ending for a China Trip	We stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott Beijing Northeast twice -- once in July when we arrived in China and again in August before our departure from the country. We chose the hotel because of its convenience to the airport, about 20 minutes by cab. The new high-rise building features immaculate, spacious rooms with extremely comfortable beds ... no hard rocks here, which seem to be typical throughout China. The ultramodern bathroom features a huge walk-in shower with many water heads to massage the body. The flat-screen television has myriad English channels, including HBO. The first night we stayed on the 18th floor; the second night on the 16th. Both times we overlooked the rear of the building, which was absolutely quiet.It was impossible to include breakfast when we booked the hotel on the Internet. We thought that $20 (U.S.) per person was rather expensive for a buffet breakfast, so we opted to grab something to eat at the airport. It is possible, however, to buy pastries 50 percent off from the MoMo Cafe in the lobby after 5 p.m. and nibble on them in the morning while drinking tea or coffee in the room. The high-priced second-floor restaurant (Chinese and Western) had a special during our stay -- 50 percent off all food selections. We ate there twice and found the food to be tasty and good value, because of the special. We checked out the large, modern fitness room and thought it offered the most equipment we've seen in our travels worldwide. The pristine lap pool and adjacent hot tub also beckoned. No one was using any of these amenities when we were in the area.English-speaking staff stood ready to assist us with information, directions, etc. They offered big smiles and exceptional service. We could not have asked for more.I would like to comment about some descriptions that appeared in early reviews about this hotel. They do not seem to describe the place accurately, so I wonder if a couple got posted in the wrong place. For example, the hotel is not next to a mall and there is no food place across the street. There is no nearby Starbucks to the right of the entrance. Also, a comment about bathrooms being left out of renovations made no sense, because this is a new hotel with fabulously modern bathrooms.If you want a Starbucks, there is one about a 10- to 15-minute walk away. Exit the main entrance and walk to the left to the first traffic light. Cross the street and pass under the light rail system. When you come to the Holiday Inn on the right, enter the hotel and you will find a mall that holds many shops, including a Starbucks.As other reviewers have mentioned, be prepared for airport cab drivers to have a hard time finding the hotel, even with maps and concise directions in Chinese. Our driver for our second stay realized he was going around in circles and turned off the meter. It should cost about Y60 (Y50 for the taxi and Y10 for the road toll) to go between the airport and the hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	My favorite stay in Asia...DON'T skip breakfast	What an awesome hotel! My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our 7-night stay at this hotel. All the staff speak English very well (which is good because I don't know a word of Chinese). They set us up with a Marriott rewards program for free without us even asking. The room was spectacular. It was very new, modern, and sleek. The views were nice too.Location is a tricky thing in Beijing. The city isn't like other very large cities. It is very spread out which makes 1 particular location not as important to stay in for a Leisurely traveler like us. The cabs in Beijing are so ridiculously cheap, I didn't mind spending the $5 trip to almost any location in Beijing I needed. Plus, the hotel staff will inform the driver where you want to go and its no issues from there. If the subway is what you want to use, then just hop on a bus outside the hotel, take it 1 to 2 stops and youre right at the subway station. Plus, it was great to be so much closer to the airport than most other hotels. The taxi ride price didn't hurt as much as it could have to the airport.Breakfast is tricky, so make sure you do it right. Make sure to book your hotel stay with BREAKFAST INCLUDED. When I booked the hotel online myself, it was only $3 extra per night (for both me and my wife total!). The breakfast is amazing! The staff at the restaurant knew our hotel room number without us telling them by the 3rd day. They are sooo friendly and our at your service at every possible second. (I've never seen a hotel breakfast staff so attentive). The food at the breakfast is of course the best part....fruit, pancakes, sausage, potato wedges, cereal, salad, egg station, pastries, donuts, dumplings, etc etc etc. Just amazing. Coffee and tea are served to you immediately upon sitting as well.Next, the gym. Very nice gym and very modern. Free for use and I appreciated it very much since I was there for 7 nights. Individualized TVs are at all the cardio equipment and there's plenty of weight machines for whatever you need. There's enough free-weights for a good workout as well. Also included is a nice lap pool and spa tub. Didn't use those two, but they looked very nice...so bring your bathing suit.The only minor issue I had with this hotel was the internet. The price was out of this world. Something to the effect of $15 for 20 minutes....ouch.There's just too many good things to say about this hotel to list here. Normally I'm not so positive about hotels (you can see that by my other reviews), but I just loved this hotel! I'm a big fan and fully recommend. While it appeared that most guests to this hotel were business travelers, I recommend it to leisurely ones too. Plus the concierge was great and very very helpful with suggestions and making reservations.	
Jan 25 2009	Great Airport Convenience	We stayed at the Beijing Courtyard Marriott North East because of a layover in Beijing [flights from the interior of china may not get one to Beijing in time to collect bags and check in again for an international flight – a 3 hour process]. We chose this hotel because of the Marriott brand and because of its advertised proximity to the airport. The hotel is excellent if you have just one night to spend in Beijing or if you have business in the neighborhood. The hotel is far from Beijing city sights so it may not be the best choice when traveling as a tourist to see Beijing. This particular Courtyard Marriott lacks a courtyard. Instead the hotel is in a tall high-rise building from which guests can enjoy a sunrise or sunset through the Beijing smog.Our room was finished in ultra modern style with large flat screen TV, ability to upload PC presentations or DVD or MP3 to the TV/sound system. Internet was available [wired] at prices above most business class hotels. The beds were equivalent to good quality western hotels – not at all the hard style typical of China. The bathroom was shiny and new and of course clean. An interesting architectural twist of our room’s bathroom was an interior window that enabled one to see into the bedroom. The Courtyard Marriott has a fine buffet breakfast with plenty of western food. When we ate there, we could see plenty of business days getting started at tables where half the guests were Western and half Chinese. Our business was simply to catch our plane back to the US.The Courtyard Marriott does not have a courtesy bus. So to get to the Courtyard, one takes a taxi from a regular stop outside baggage claim. Tip: Have the Chinese character name and address of the hotel available for the driver. Our driver had no idea where to go and spent 5 minutes asking around. Note: drivers are not too happy to get a short fare to Courtyard Marriott rather than a long fare to Beijing center. We gave our driver a tip in addition to the 60Y fare.	
Jan 24 2009 	Much better than expected	After reading the previous reviews on this newer hotel, I was a little skeptical on staying here..but I was pleasantly surprised with everything!The hotel is located about 20 minutes from the airport, and 10 minutes to downtown without any traffic. No subway station is close by..the nearest is on the same road but about 2 miles away. Taxi cost about 50rmb from Term 3.Check in was flawless. From the moment we pulled up we were taken care of by the english speaking staff. Took photocopies of our passports and checked us in to a high floor as requested. (I recommend you get a high floor as well due to traffic noise from the busy street.)Now the entire hotel looks and even smells new. It is eloquently designed and is very modern. Our room on the 15th floor had two double beds and the bellman showed us every amenity the hotel had to offer and even gave us a map.Room was large, modern, lcd tv, and everything you would expect out of a newer hotel. Only complaint was that there was no wall seperating the bathroom from the bedroom and the window was only &quot;shut&quot; by two flimsy see-thru curtains...not much privacy.Restaurants and mini bar usage are expensive....just venture outside and you will everything you want at about 1/10 the cost.One word of caution, although not the hotels fault, is the location. It is on a VERY main road, think the service road from the Airport Expressway and right off the 4th Ring Road...however every single cab driver on our trip looked at our little map of the hotel and shrugged. Lots of driving around pointing at the building trying to find out how to get there!Checkout was as flawless as check in. Wonderful english and always a smile. Will stay here again when in Beijing.	
Jan 3 2009 	Decent but needs improvement	Our stay here was arranged through China Travel Service where they organized a tour for us with a guide over 4 days. I can recommend a private tour guide who's English was great! Message me if you need the details. He's about $35 a day or so but that INCLUDES a driver and pick up from the aiport (but don't quote me on that!)First off - one thing is sure in Asia - the beds are HARD. You'll just have to get over it because there are no soft beds in Asia. Anywhere!I liked that the hotel was modern looking. Flat screen TV, nice room but bathroms were missed in the renovation??? Good location - close to many main attractions. Conveniently located next to a mall incase you forget to pack your husband's underwear like I did! LOL!!!Breakfast was included in our package. Someone needs to teach hygiene to the young gentleman that was working in the omelette stand. First of all, he obviously had a cold. his nose was red and eyes were runny - and he was preparing food! I watched and heard him clear his throat and SPIT in the drain by his feet. disgusting! The rest of the food, well, eat there only if it is included in your room fee like ours was. I liked the noodles but that was about it.If you're feeling adventurous, DO go across the street from the main entrance of the hotel. There is a little door to a market where locals line up to get food. There is also a market there and candy stalls. Very interesting if you're looking for food culture!!WESTERN AMENITIES:Starbucks! Yes, there is strong coffee around the corner. Walk out the main entrance, turn right and you'll see it in about 30 seconds (as well as a McDonalds).MASSAGE:Tired from walking around all day? This SAVED US:Walk out the main entrance about a block and a half. Pass the shady hotel that is on your right hand side and there is a massage spa parlor there. We tried it out and BOY were we surprised!!! It's a gorgeous zen-like spa - they have a menu at the front desk but all we wanted was an hour long foot massage and we managed to get one with awesome service in a private room for $12 USD for ONE HOUR! The room was great too with comfy brown and modern microfibre couches and a TV inside. they serve you tea or coffee. Next thing you know, you're out like a light!!!	
Jan 1 2009	Nice rooms good location skip breakfast	Good location near the forbidden city and attached to a shopping mall (great when it is cold). Excellent veggie restaurant one block away. Skip the breakfast. $20 a head and better food can be found in the neighborhood for more like $3 a head. Rooms are nice and modern.	
Nov 8 2008 	OK  could be better	This hotel is modern and very well located to the major tourist attractions within Beijing. The rooms are nicely appointed though not huge. We stayed in a standard room on the 11th floor about $125 per night. You want a high floor in China due to construction and traffic .There is a modern mall right next door to this hotel however the prices and items sold in it would not be of interest to Western tourists. What is of interest is the supermarket located in the basement of the mall which is convenient for snacks, beverages and sundries. There are restaurants in the area for a quick bite but the nicer restaurants are located a short cab ride away and you need to make reservations.The food at the hotel itself , although overpriced, is not bad. There is an ATM which takes international cards around the corner of the block. The hotel is more oriented to businessmen than tourists so plan accordingly if you are a tourist . The breakfast (which is usually included ) is very busy around 8AM at the cafe but clears up at about 9AM. Also, You really need to arrive with your tourist sight seeing package already booked since I did not see an agency in the hotel. The one area which is seriously lacking at this hotel is the service quality at the front desk. I tried to extend my reservation one day and the front desk could not accomodate me even though there was room in the hotel. I had to go online to a Marriot website to book the room myself and then show the front desk. They also had trouble with foreign exchange transactions and are clearly inexperienced handling money. Use the ATM instead though expect about a 3.50 fee charged. Otherwise, the service at the hotel was fine.	
Oct 22 2008	Enjoyed my stay at the Courtyard	We Visted China for the Olympics and stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Northeast, Beijing. 11 of us visited for 11 nights we really enoyed our stay and the staff at the hotel is unbeivably efficient. I have a memory foam mattress at home and the rooms are so comfortable that I didn't even miss my own bed. The entire decor of the rooms are very nice, the staff at the bellmans desk are very helpful and you don't have to wait five minutes for a cab.Before I went to China I did'nt eat Chinese food because of a heart condition, I explained this to the chef and he prepared my meals specially so I was able to eat chinese food while I was there without getting sick. The MOMO Cafe which is the resturant in the hotel prepare an exquisite buffet every day. The food was not prepared the way I know Chinese food to be prepared in the western world ,much better than I expected.Two things I found was that it was absolutely very expensive and that none of the housekeeping and few of the front of the House staff spoke or understood english . However , best hotel I have stayed in, were treated very nice and we enjoyed our stay. If I went back to China I would stay there again.	
Nov 18 2009	Neu und gut		
