Sep 11 2009	Luxury serviced resident cheats people... be careful	We have booked this hotel through booking.com and cancel the booking 3 weeks before the booking date. According cancel condition this should cost 0 USD. After our trip to China we discovered the Luxery serviced resedent has charged us for 1 night even the booking.com has confirmed the fault of the hotel. The hotel will not return money at once. The manager said it will take 3 months to refund the money. After a lot of communication the Luxury serviced resident stops communcate with us.... So what can we do ... the booking.com will not take the responsibility as well. We can not do any thing else than just wait....That why: don't ever ever give your credit card information to this hotel. They will cheat you and don't care any thing about customers satifation	
Sep 2 2009 	Okay stay for family	We stayed for three nights in a two bedroom apartment which was very spacious and had heaps of space for the four of us. The location is good with the main road only five minutes up the road, heaps of buses going downtown for next to nothing and lots of atms around for cash. There is a 7/11 across the carpark - cheap beer and snacks - there is quite a smell in there and I don't know about eating some of the food in the heating servers. The front desk were helpful and always smiling. The only issue was cleanliness of the apartment - it didn't really feel hotel clean but it was okay - though we did have to keep the kitchen door closed the whole time. We didn't bother eating at MCS as the food was very average and even with the breakfast included in the price we decided that cornflakes and milk from 7/11 was better. There was a great restaurant up the road about 5 mins walk called De Tai Lou - nice food, reasonable price and walking distance after a few drinks - the menu is a laugh. Chips or french fries are called &quot;Department of the Bombing&quot; - the kids had them every meal just to say it. Overall the apartment is okay, space for a family of four (sharing beds), the 7/11 is handy, good location and the De Tai Lou is lovely for a meal.	
Jul 8 2009 	just okay	We stayed in this hotel last October. We had some mixed feelings about the place - some good, some bad, but none fantastic or horrible.First impressions were mixed. We were arriving late at night and once we navigated into the city and onto the street of the hotel it took us 20 minutes to actually find the place. It's not directly on the road, but off in a plaza, with no well lit signage at night and no direct driveway. Our poor taxi driver didn't know where it was either, and we just kept circling around. Finally we spotted it, and had to lug our bags over a grassy median and through a parking lot to get to the hotel.The reception staff was extremely friendly, a young woman who was very enthusiastic even at the late hour. Her english was pretty good.The hotel itself feels old and creaky, but it's not necessarily a negative thing. The main halls and lobby all seemed quite clean and well cared for. There are two elevators to access the rooms.The room itself was a one bedroom loft. A split level with living/dining/kitchen/bathroom on main floor, and bedroom/shower/bathroom on top floor. It's rare to find a one bedroom two bathroom hotel room. The shower is a wet room style - you shower over the sink and among some grimy looking pipes. The furniture seemed clean but not new, the rooms were the same. They were definitely not spotless (lots of dust and grime in the bathrooms, cracks along the walls), but they were not filthy enough to make us uncomfortable - no bugs or real causes for concern, just well worn. The bed sheets were relatively clean (I had a black smudge on my pillow case). Generally we were happy with our choice - great location, good service, rooms were okay. I could see that a place like this would be great for a family, or to have a space to hang out (the split level made it feel more like a home rather than a hotel room). We enjoyed it for what we needed it for - a bed to come home to at night, and a shower.The hotel is located on a side street (Jianhua Nan lu), just off the main strip of Jianguomenwai Ave. There is not a ton of stuff right around the hotel, but there is a 24 hour 7-11 store (great to buy water, snacks, etc), and Jianguomenwai gets you to all the attractions in a flash. If you are traveling alone you might want to taxi it to the hotel at night as the side street is not well lit.There was also a great cafe right around the corner - breakfast was included for hotel guests there every morning, which was quite tasty, a mix of continental and chinese fare. Also we'd go there late at night for some tea, to use their free wireless internet and listen to their great jazz music. The staff at this cafe were so friendly, and they made a mean cup of tea.I'd probably stay here again if I were on a budget. If I could splurge a few more dollars I'd probably stay elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2009 	Can be better	The 3 bedroom apartment we stayed in was great in design, we loved loft. But the large apartment was not very clean. We have to wear disposable slippers to walk around. Mineral water was only given on first day. All other hotels we stayed in during our trip gave us 2 bottles of mineral water every day every room. The toiletries are also not properly replenished. We had to use one roll of toilet paper collected from a previous hotel. But our apartment was serviced daily. Problem with the air-con remote control was speedily remedied. Front desk staff have to be trained to greet guests, many just ignore you. Bellhop, some open the door for you and greet you, but not others. Assistant manager was helpful and courteous throughout, from reserving room to checking-out. She even called to find out how we were. If only all the staff can be trained to be of her quality. It was the same with the MCS coffee around the corner, which provided breakfast for the Luxury guests. Helpful, obliging, but could do with more smiles. Food was o.k., my only worry are the occasional flies. But there are covers for the dishes. But I didn't take the jams. The security in the hotel is assuring, but the laundrette room is outside of the security door in the carpark in basement 1. A bit scary to go there, I zoom in and out as soon as I can each time. 3 washers and 2 dryers (1 more out of order) were inside the room, each machine require a bronze coin from the front desk costing RMB 20. Washing powder is provided free in the room. There is a 7-eleven in front of the hotel, very useful. YongAnLi subway station is 15 mins walk away. From there you can reach Tiananmen, forbidden city, wangfujin street, tiantan, etc. easily. Fast food, small eateries, restaurants abound in the vicinity, some just round the corner, some 15 minutes walk away. I recommend De Tai Lou (restaurant) which is 3 min walk away. Chinese food, cheap and takeaway allowed. Traffic in the vicinity can be quite heavy at times though.	
Jun 19 2009 	Central location execellent value.	We stayed here for 6 nights and found it a welcome respite after a long day sightseeing around Beijing. Rooms were roomy, clean and comfortable , breakfasts in the attached restraunt were reasonable although simple, although they offered no cereal and when asked did not know what cereal was. We used taxis extensivly and found the cost minimal from this central accomadation. Its not a 5 star hotel but for a family (5 adults) it was very good value.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great base while in Beijing	My partner and I just spent 6 nights at the Luxury Serviced Residence in a 1-bedroomed apt. We found it was a great base at very reasonable rates (We paid $56/night). Apartment:The apartment was huge - which was a nice change from some of the other micro-rooms we stayed in while travelling around China - with a lounge area, separate kitchen and bathroom downstairs; and the bedroom, desk area, second bathroom - and even a separate clothes drying room (which we made good use of) upstairs. The space is so large that there are 3 air conditioners to keep it cool. The funishings were definitely on the cheap side and a little worn, but perfectly adequate and the bed was comfortable. Apt had free internet.We found the front desk staff friendly, but not terribly knowledgable. The workout room is reasonable with a couple of running machines, universal equipment and some free weights.Location:The location is fine - the good news is that all the main tourist spots are only about a $2.00 taxi ride away. The bad news is that all the main tourist spots are a $2.00 taxi ride away!! The only thing of interest within walking distance is the Silk market. The nearest subway entance is about a 10-15 min walk (right by the Silk market).The apartment complex is hard for taxi drivers to find - it is near the base of the road on the Western side. Just keep an eye out for signs for the 7/11.Nearby Amenities:As others have mentioned there is a 7/11 less than 2 min walk, as well as a huge Western style supermarket in the SciTech plaza about a 7 minute walk away - with everything you could possible want. There is also a street of Western style restaurants on Xiushui St ( directly behind the Friendship store) popular with the large expat population in the area. Includes an American diner and an excellent Tibetan restaurant we ate at one night.Cons:The only thing that annoyed us is that machines in the laundry room require tokens (at $4.00 a pop) which you have to buy at the front desk. We bought a half dozen when we first arrived and ended up having a couple left over at the end of the week. When we went to return these to the front desk we were told that they were nonrefundable. (They gave us a weak excuse that the money had already been logged by accounting!!) - even thought the money is just stored in a small tin along with the tokens. It would have been nice if they had told us that when we bought them!!	
Apr 4 2009 	Best Kept Secret for the Greatest Value in Beijing	We looked through Tripadvisor and found this great hotel Luxury serviced residence .We were so happy we cancelled our reservations at Marriott ! We stayed in a one bedroom unit. This comes with a living room, full kitchen, seperate bedroom in the upper level, 2 bathrooms ! cooking utensils, dishes, microwave, refrigerator etc etc ! We felt perfectly at home . This is our 4 th night ! The staff is always very friendly and helpful. They will guide you to anything ! Change money at great rates. There is a 24 hr seven eleven across. This comes with coupons for breakfast at MCS coffee. Taxis are cheap and we can get to anywhere in 10 to 20 RMB ! Dont forget to visit The Place , the new mall just 5 mins cab ride ! We wish we had such a hotel in every city we travel ! We booked through expedia and got 30 % offf for every 3 nights you book ! What a deal ! We got the 790 sq ft apartment for about $ 68 US per night with breakfast !	
Mar 10 2009 	A spacious home away from home with facilities	I booked into the Luxury Serviced Residence on the basis of positive internet reviews and very reasonable cost. My wife and I were very happy with this quiet and spacious apartment which provided all the facilities needed to become our Beijing home for 10 days. Kitchen facilities were very good and the apartment was efficiently serviced daily. The bed was firm just like at home with an inner spring mattress on a slat base, the way we like it. Security was excellent. Desk staff had limited English but helped us wherever they could, and always with a smile. A display of tourist pamphlets would have been helpful but it seemed that in this city tourist are left to find their own way. Fortunately my extensive internet research prior to leaving Australia proved invaluable as a tourist. Neither the downstairs or upstairs ensuite had a bath but we showered comfortably. Breakfast in the downstairs cafe was cold and terrible so we used hotel vouchers wisely and didn't pay for breakfasts that were barely better than nothing. Buses (10 minutes walk) and subway (15 minutes) were regular, cheap and handy for city access although very crowded. If I return to Beijing I'll again stay at the Luxury Residence without hesitation.	
Nov 4 2008 	Outstanding value!	I cannot recommend this hotel/serviced apartment highly enough. - The front desk staff was always extremely helpful and communication was easier than you may be led to believe is likely in China. We relied heavily on the staff for translations of locations (we were in Beijing on business and thus had to travel to several locations during the course of our stay that weren't typical tourist destinations) and they were fantastic.- The apartment itself vastly exceeded our expectations. We stayed in a 3 bedroom apartment, and our space was set up &quot;loft style&quot; with a 2 floor layout; 2 bedrooms above and 1 on the ground floor. The apartment also had a large kitchen, huge main room, respectable Ikea-styled furnishings, and 2 bathrooms. The apartment was clean, well maintained, and even included a DVD player and sound system.- The location was outstanding. The Chaoyang district is large but contains quite a bit of commercial and nightlife/restaurant activity, so you're in the &quot;right&quot; area of the city IMO. You're also relatively close to some of the main tourist attractions (Tienaman, Forbidden City, etc.).- Considering that we paid around $150/night for 3 people, I feel this was an extremely good value. I'm a fairly well seasoned international traveler, and rarely have I been more pleasantly surprised than I was in this instance. This was a comfortable, hassle-free stay and I'd book it again in a heartbeat.- One word of advice...taxi drivers do have some difficulty finding the building. Once we'd arrived, it wasn't a problem because we had our bearings, but on your initial trip in from the airport, you should be aware that the entrance to the building is off the street...you need to go past a gate into a little courtyard/roundabout.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Value 	We stayed here from Oct 11 to Oct 14 2008. Very well located and very well-maintained. Going back to the apartment is like going home each day.LOCATION1. Walking distance to Subway line 1 - Stations are: A. JianGuoMen Station (Line 1 &amp; Line 2) B. YongAnLi (Line 1)2. Taxis have a hard time looking for the entrance because it is very nondescript. Tell them it is near the Beijing Friendship store. Look for SPR Cafe &amp; 7-11. Remember to print the map of the hotel in MANDARIN.3. Embassy area in Chaoyang. Walking distance (15mins) to the famous Silk Market where they sell at the fake stuff.RECEPTION1. Friendly. Anticipated that that we will need toiletries (serviced apartments usually do not provide).2. Not very proficient in navigating around the tourist areas. Was unable to answer question wrt to visiting the Bird's Nest &amp; Water Cube.FOODNo breakfast provided. Hey, you are staying in a serviced apartment with stove, microwave and toaster. There is also a cafe at the same block. So you will not starve......APARTMENTThe pictures speaks for itself! While the apartment is very new (age is starting to show), it is Scandanavian-designed and very well-maintained. Well, we have a soft spot for lofts, and we simply loved it. There is a DVD player. So you can hop to the DVD shop next block, and feast on DVDs (there's not much to do in BJ at night.).OTHER FACILITIESLaunderette, Gym.WOULD WE STAY HERE AGAIN ?Absolutely. We paid less than US$100 per night for the length of stay and I would say it is absolutely worth it!! Very centralised. You can either than the subway (for 3 to 4 stops) to Wangfujing or even take a public bus f(just outside the BJ Friendship store) for RMB1. My bet is on the subway so that you can avoid the horrendous BJ traffic jams.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great apartment hotel in Embassy area!	We booked 8 nights at the Luxury Serviced Residence (An Ascott property) in Sept 08. I had read one other review on Tripadvisor which was positive but it was difficult to find other reviews.We were pleasantly surprised to say the least. The hotel is located in the embassy area which we think is terrific. When we checked in, the desk person took us to our apartment. We were impressed with this personal service and sheer enthusiasm of the tour. She was obviously proud of her hotel's apartment and services. At check in, we were invited to a free party to celebrate the Moon Festival which is a very important celebration in Chinese life. For the party, all we had to do is show up in the lobby and the hotel took care of transferring us to the hutong cafe and hosting the party. (We had a great time).The apartment is large by any standards. The first floor has a living room/ dining room area, a kitchen, and a half bathroom. The second floor has a large bedroom, desk area, and bathroom with a shower. We met several people who have lived at the Luxury Serviced Residence for years. One couple we met at the party has lived there for three years.For those who choose to cook, there is a full sized refrigerator, stove, microwave, hot water pot, toaster, and dishes to match. The only thing we added was some microwavable dishes. There is a 7/11 across the circle driveway for quick snacks and sundries.There always seems to be someone who speaks English on duty. Each time we set out for the day we would stop by the desk and ask that our destination be written out in Chinese. Taxi drivers, in our experience, do not speak English and most do not read maps. There is a subway stop (Jian Guo men) about 1/4 mile away. It is an easy walk and the subway is extremely easy to use. The Bank of China is on the main cross street nearly around the corner. We would recommend this hotel for anyone who prefers an apartment.	
May 19 2008 	very friendly LSR	The first week of May 2008 we stayed at LSR. The people are very friendly and helpfull. The rooms were clean. We stayed there with 2 children. (8 and 4) breakfast is at the corner of the building SPR Cofee. Across the building there is a little supermarket 24 H 7 days a week open.	
