Nov 4 2009 	love this hotel	I've stayed at this hotel twice and I loved it each time. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet has so much variety and the chinese restaurant was great! Its very close to the silk alley market which was nice so we didnt have to get a cab. The gardens outside were great with real ducks! I would stay at this hotel again and again!	
Oct 11 2009 	Nicely situated hotel	The hotel is clean and well appointed. Bedrooms are fairly basic and a bit tired in need of some decoration. Check in staff were quite rude and not very helpfull. The lack of English can make communicating very difficult. The hotel has a lot of trainee staff who we found were excellent. They made the effort to use what little English they had to converse with us. Something that the other hotel staff did not even attempt. The opera is an absolute must, an excellent evening entertainment. The restaraunts in the hotel were average with the best being the Apollo but be prepared to be served lukewarm meals. The location of the hotel is quite good for those who like to do a lot of walking to take in sights. Nearest metro station a good 20 min walk but access to all major attractions could be got to from here.	
Oct 5 2009	Strictly average	Our tour stayed at this hotel, it was billed at 4 star, but this is not an international 4 star rating. The rooms were clean but in need of some refurbishment, especially the hall carpets were very dirty in places. Ask for a non-smoking room if this is important to you - they probably won't guarantee it though! We had rooms that had definately been smoked in and even a room that is smoke free will open onto a corridor which at times can be hazy with smoke - it seems guests go out in the corridor to smoke. Beds were comfortable but pillows hard and weighed a ton - never come across anything like it, you can get a soft pillow if you ask enough times. There was a water dispenser in the room, both hot and cold, which was very useful till on the second day when plugged into the socket (too noisy to leave on all night) it blew up and shorted out all the lights. A replacement was brought quite swiftly but it then proceeded to leak all over the floor. The air conditioning was turned off mid stay as they decided it wasn't necessary any more. Day temperatures were mid 20s and we disagreed. One member of the party managed to get a fan delivered to the room after it was found the windows had been screwed shut and could not be opened. The breakfast is quite good - nasty 'juice' but lots of bacon, eggs etc. plus local food if you like. We did not try the restaurants. The Business Centre is quite expensive for internet connection and when they decide it is time to close they just switch your connection off without warning! They were most accommodating in organising us a packed breakfast one morning when we had a 4am start - it took the chef, banqueting manager and another manager to organise it but they did a great job of a bacon sandwiches! There is a convenient supermarket across the road for soft drinks etc and the hotel's location is quite near both the famous Qianmen Quanjude Roast Duck Restaurant in one direction and Tianmen Square in another - both about 10 minutes by taxi. Whilst English was spoken in the hotel most of the staff wore &quot;Trainee&quot; badges and they definately needed some training on customer service.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Value for Money	At just $50 per night including breakfast, you really can't go wrong. Hotel is nicely decorated but not over the top, rooms and corridors are spotlessly clean, buffet breakfast is pretty standard fare but there is a decent choice between Western and Chinese food. Location is excellent with just a short cab ride to Tianmen square, Temple of Heaven and for those interested in shopping, the Pearl Market. There is also Beijing opera in the hotel if you like that sort of thing.Internet connection is quite expensive, but other than that I would have no hesitation in staying here again.	
Jul 24 2009	Very nice hotel pricey internet	Room spacious, nicely appointed, big soft towels, hard pillows, elegant lobby, Beijing Opera theme, with operas performed nightly (dinner/theater) in hotel theater.Bountiful breakfast served buffet style in Western restaurant and in Chinese/Western restaurant.Charge for internet is 50 Yuan (7 dollars?) for 24 hours (from 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m.)	
May 2 2009 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel, but poor Chinese restaurant and expensive European restaurant. Location is good but you are still depending on taxi to get home. About 30 min walk to Tiananmen Square or temple of heaven park (incl. pearl market) Business center is expensive, 5 RMB to print one page. Internet in your room is 50 RMB each day (from 2 p.m. to 2 p.m.) Reception is helpful, specially the assistant manager.	
Mar 2 2009 	kanon	The hotel has a theatre inside, (but you have to pay). It has at least 4 different restautrants . Very nice rooms, friendly staff. Fresh, clean.	
Nov 27 2008	lovely hotel	i stayed here twice on my holiday to china with just you holidays. it was a lovely hotel, nice and clean and the staff were welcoming. had a lovely large room on the 6th floor. the room i had on the 1st stay had 2 single beds and the 2nd time we stayed i had a very large kingsize bed, if not a superking!! the rooms were both clean and functional. the bathrooms were lovely and clean with a nice selection of toiletries.the buffet breakfast was adequate but could of been hotter, this was due to the fact that people werent shutting the covers on the pans when finished with them. the freshmade omlettes were to die for. the dinners we had in the hotel were ok.the bar on the 2nd floor was lovely and the staff friendly. they did a lovely margurita!! the theatre was lovely and the beijing opera was an enjoyable few hours. i would definately stay here again and reccommend it to anyone.	
Aug 17 2008	Boring - but functional and clean	Qianmen is a tourist hotel, several streets/blocks away from the shopping area and what I believe is the best city of Beijing. You need to take a taxi. However, there is some shops, a McDonalds and a supermarket close by. The hotel overall is very boring, lobby area is without charm and I was really missing a nice bar spot to relax and join a cocktail or two with friends. The bar is there, but it is not welcoming you. Room with good standard equipment, clean and nothing to complain, more then its boring and the brown colors just feeling to much sometimes. Breakfast buffet nice and with several choices. I had problem to pay with my credit card upon check out, and they wasn't to helpful with this.We stayed here during a package trip to China and would never stay here again, just because I prefer a more hip and upper standard hotels - and there are several choices in Beijing for a not to much supplement.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good location and price-quality ratio	The hotel is strategically located and in a nice neighbourhood where you can stroll around or find a non-touristy spot for dinner. The metro stop is a good ten minutes walk but with a taxi you can reach most locations very easily. Rooms are nice, clean and spacious. Breakfast is good. On the down side service is patchy and the internet is exhorbitantly expensive.They also offer basic large hotel services like booking of tourist excursions. There is a theatre in the hotel where you can see some chinese opera or acrobatics (but we did not go).	
Jan 27 2008 	Hao Shie Shie Ni !	I stayed in this hotel right smack in the middle of winter January, 2008. I enjoyed my stay there. The staff were very attentive to my needs. They are always on hand to help with directions, they right down in chinese the direction for the cab driver. Evryone tries to speak english. The room was typical, clean and spacious. The breakfast buffet was laid out with a good selection of food. You can literally stuff yourself for the busy day ahead. Only drawback is the main shopping center is a cab away, a short one though. The location of Merry Mart right across is great for grocery needs. Overall, I would stay again in this hotel.	
Jan 13 2008	nice hotel	I stayed at this hotel in beijing only for three nights, but i can't complain. the room was clean, comfortable and a nice size compared with european rooms. the breakfast was good and the neiborhood was ok. i'd go back	
Dec 8 2007	* Great Hotel *	Great Hotel; very modern, lovely rooms, good food and wonderful &amp; helpful staff but English was not their strong suit. I would, however, recommend this hotel to anyone &amp; everyone. R.O., Sweden	
Nov 22 2007	Good hotel reasonable location atrocious food	Stayed here for 4 nights as part of a tour group. The hotel itself is lovely - sparkling clean with plenty of amenities and clean, spacious rooms. Friendly staff in foyer bar, shops and reception. Visiting the gorgeous in-house theatre for the opera is an experience not to be missed.Location-wise it's ok, but would have preferred somewhere more central. You can't just nip into central Beijing from here.The real downside, however, was the food. As a tour group we were definitely second class citizens, fed in our own room with stone cold gristle, fat and rice, rice, rice. Restaurant staff were off-hand and uninterested. They seemed to want to usher us in, feed us this abominable matter and get us out again as quickly as possible.Maybe the restaurants you pay for separately are ok, but if you're thinking of going on a tour and they are using this hotel, I would seriously look at another tour operator.	
Nov 17 2007	Good location a bit out of the tourist zone	We stayed here for four nights and I was quite happy. Our rooms were nothing special but were clean and quiet. The building is about 50 years old and was probably an important place at one time, but no more.It seemed to me the hotel was mostly full of European tour groups (and I will never complain about rude Americans again). It is busy and the staff seem a bit challenged trying to keep all the foreigners happy, but overall they manage it, except for pleasing some of the more demanding types who don't realize they are in a different part of the world.The location is a bit out of the tourist zone in a very Chinese neighbourhood. Nothing to be afraid of just a nice regular neighbourhood with not alot there to cater specifically to tourists. Lots of shops and restaurants though.Tiananmen is a good 45 minute walk for me, but the Temple of Heaven is 20 minutes straight down the road. If you aren't a big walker take the taxi, they are cheap and will have you there in 10 minutes.Our room included the breakfast buffet which was average at best. The restaurants in the hotel were also average at best. If you are tired of Chinese food there is a McDonalds a couple of blocks away.I really have no complaints about this hotel. It is not a special place but it is good value and a nice location. You can't go wrong here if you have realistic expectations.	
Nov 6 2007 	nice hotel	A 3-star hotel with a 4-star feel. It's reasonably priced and clean with TV. Location wise about 50mins walk to Tiananmen Sq and a 20mins walk to the metro. Perfect for couples, tour groups (older tourists) and business. Not appropriate for single travellers who want to meet other travellers.	
Oct 27 2007 	Hotel tip	Nice hotel. Not to expensive. Near city-highlites	
Jul 21 2007 	Good tourists location in Beijing	Arrived off an early morning flight and were made very welcome, and room ready after breakfast. That's a good start! The room is good, if in need of a some detail cleaning ;-) Free internet is not free, but I'm learning that it's like that in China. Much advertising and/or internet offers don't actually match what is on offer when you get there. The location is good, we walked from the Forbidden City to the hotel one day in about 45 minutes; and walked to the Temple of Heaven about 30 minutes another day. The area seems pretty safe to wander (all of China does actually) and there was a couple of good restaurants nearby. The hotels own restaurants are above average too.	
Jul 2 2007 	Can recommend this hotel	Like many of the reviewers, we found this hotel lovely. There was a pleasant feel about the place, staff were friendly, fixtures &amp; fittings excellant. Good size, quality beds &amp; bathroom.The only slight downside was the Marco Polo restaurant, which served the western breakfast - we followed a large group in for an early breakfast &amp; clearly the staff had made no attempt to clear any tables. It is quite small (without any natural light) - so if you have a strict timetable to meet - be warned!We had a one meal in the Chinese restaurant in the hotel - ground floor, which was fine - but otherwise we went out. You must visit the &quot;ducK&quot; restaurant (Quanjade Roast Duck Restaurant)- its 30 mins walk - its easier &amp; certainly cooler to take a taxi for 10 Y. For a local meal, we went to one recommended by the concierge - turn right outside hotel, cross the road by pelican crossing to the other side of Yongan road (i.e. on opposite side to large supermarket) and carry on down road for about 100 m - it is the 2nd restaurant &amp; has pink tablecloths (1st restaurant does not have any tablecloths &amp; is clearly not as popular with the locals)	
Apr 11 2007 	Very pleased	Reasonably priced. Very nice hotel, beautiful lobby and corridors, comfortable room, clean with all amenities. We paid extra for internet in the room. Subway is about 1 km away, but city bus service to subway (#14 or 15) is frequent and will get you there if you choose not to walk. Some good local food nearby (a little place at 48-2 Beiwei Lu serves excellent porridge, breakfast/ lunch dishes, inexpensive and clean) and Weiduomei Bakery at corner of Hufang Lu and Beiwei Lu makes fresh, excellent pastries, and the cost is very low. Hotel food is decent and good, but not outstanding for the price.	
Feb 2 2007	Great for Group Travel	We stayed here a part of an Australian school group travelling through China and had a fantastic experience. The hotel staff were always friendly and spoke fair to good english. If they weren't sure what you were asking they always checked with someone else. The rooms were really spacious and always clean. Buffet breakfast daily was great with a wide selection available to suit everyone. Also close to restaurants which were fantastic for food and price. The supermarket across the road was good for supplies and an experience on it's own. Although not within walking distance to venues the public transport was a great experience. We always travelled in groups so weren't worried about going out to restaurants etc. at night. The staff will always write down where you want to go in chinese to give to taxis which is a big help and the hotel's card is all you have to give drivers to get home. Staff have a good idea of how much it will cost also which is good to get sorted out with the driver before you start. Taxis come to the hotel door. Hawkers in the street outside are part of the experience and will leave you alone if you say &quot;No Thank You&quot;. Local shops are fairly priced also so don't be afraid to have a look. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Beijing and would stay there again!	
Jul 23 2006 	Terrific hotel	My wife, 20 month old daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights on our trip to Beijing from Australia. We found the hotel rooms to be very large and extremely comfortable. When we arrived a very new looking cot had already been set up for us in the room (and was provided at no charge) which was terrific.Breakfast was buffet style and had everything you could want. There is a large, locally used, supermarket across the road where we were able to buy milk, juice, nappies etc. it was a great experience just to shop there.We were a short Taxi ride to all tourist venues. (less than 10 minutes and about 10- 12 Yuen) and could possibly have walked to most if we were without our 20 month old!! The hotel is out of the CBD in south Beijing and for us this allowed us to see more of the local Chinese then just being in a CBD area in a western hotel.All facilities were great and the staff were always very helpful.Highly recommended for tourists, and families.	
Jun 3 2006	Qianmen hotel was a great experience	The Qianmen hotel was located in an interesting area of Beijing. It was convenient to Tiananmen Square and the Temple of Heaven. The room was very nice and the included breakfast buffet was excellent. The staff was pleasant and helpful.The Liyuan Theatre is located in the hotel (interesting). I would recommend this hotel highly.	
Oct 25 2005	Great Hotel For The Price	Considering it was only US$60 a night I was pleasantly surprised. The room was tidy, the staff were great and it was an ideal place to use as a base for my travels.The staff spoke good English which helped. If I wanted a taxi the staff would go out on the street and get me one, and they would always write my destination in chinese to give to the taxi driver. I found them to be fantastic, considering how cheap the price was.	
Sep 8 2005	Not bad but not great. 2 star.	This hotel was a shock to us after travelling from Hong Kong and staying in five star luxury there. I will start with the positive aspects. The staff is very friendly and speaks fair to good english. The on site restaurants had a good choice of food for both breakfast and dinner, and the service there was friendly and very good. For the price the hotel charges, this may be a good property for those looking to save a little on lodging. There is no Western standard here, but this may be good for travelers whom want to escape that and feel what a local hotel in China is like. The lobby is somewhat comfortable to sit and have a drink and watch people come and go. There is a theatre and two gift shops in the lobby. This hotel appears to cater to many European travelers. As for the negative aspects, the hotel is far from any tourist interests. There is, however, a subway station near by. It was a 10-15 minute cab ride to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. One couldn't walk to much of anything. As soon as you leave the hotel property, you may be approached by street vendors trying to sell something. They are however easy to say &quot;no thank you&quot; to and will leave you alone very shortly. The area surrounding the hotel can make a traveler feel a bit apprehensive to venture out on his or her own. The area doesn’t feel that safe and seems a little poor. Simply crossing the street near the hotel, and in Beijing, can be quite a challenge, especially for those not used to traffic chaos and a seemingly free for all rush. Our room was very outdated, worn out and a little dirty. The hotel feels like it is stuck in the 60's as far as design is concerned.If we return to Beijing someday, we would certainly not stay here again	
Nov 5 2009	Grand luxe		
Sep 15 2009 	Luxe		
