Sep 19 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	Brought a long weekend away at a charity auction for this hotel. It really was a beautiful Hotel - in a French classic style. It seemed to be very quiet during our stay, which didn't bother us. Hotel is about 1 year old. Rooms - very clean and spacious with everything you could ask for in a 5 star hotel. Big bathroom with Loccitane amenites. Slippers and robes were a notch above average which pleased my wife very much !Pool / Gyym / Spa - Gyym is good with plenty of new equipment, the pool was indoor, but not heated, but it was the middle of summer so it was great. (swimming caps were compulsory, which you could buy at the pool reception). Massage prices seemed on the pricier side for China, but you don't expect anything less from a Hotel in this range.Food / Restaurants - Breakfast was normal daily buffett with selection of Asian and western fare. Room service, which I normally make allowances for was actually very good, my wife and I ordered a laksa and a club sandwich after our late night arrival and not sure if it was because we were tired / hungry but the food was great.Portuguese restuarant - very well done technically with good produce, it's just that I don't particularly like Portuguese food I realise now ( stick with Peking Duck at Da Dong, 5th floor above Gucci on next block - 2 minutes walk )Location - Big shopping centre 5 minutes walk. Starbucks across the road. Plenty of dining options nearby. Probably 15 -20 minute walk to Forbidden City and Tiananmen square. 5-10 minute walk to SubwayService was good with the staff more than happy to assist wherever they could. One thing though the hotel corridors look down into the lobby, so those that are afraid of heights I would suggest the lower floors. Not a real big deal though.Would definately stay there when next in Beijing.	
Aug 21 2009 	Most luxurius hotel of the world	I syated at the Legendale Hotel in Beijing for two nights with my wife, and I have no words to describe the hotel...Rooms are huge and abosutely full equiped,Flat screen 42 LCD, Dvd player, incredible bath, huge bed...The pool is also incredible it seems an antique pool of Rome, the health club, has also two jacuzzies, steam bath sauna....Buffet breakfast is incredible, all kind of food a lot of variety...The hotel is located in the best area of Beijing.I have stayed in 5 star hotels all around the world and I have no doubt that the The Legendale is the most luxurious of all...The service is unbeatable...You must go!!!	
