Jun 7 2009 	Great value and excellent service	Despite all the renovation going on - dusty entrance way, gym and pool out of action, really enjoyed my 5 day stay here. Free internet, spacious and very comfortable rooms. Service with a smile everywhere you go, although sometimes a bit difficult to make yourself understood away from the front desk. Food is OK, but i tended to walk across the road to the cheap and tasty local restaurants where you can eat for less than £3!	
Oct 21 2008 	Fine Stay at the Oriental Garden	I stayed at the Oriental Garden over a weekend for business, but found it also to be convenient for a day of sight-seeing. What the hotel lacks in character is more than made up for with sizable and clean rooms ... and what I lack in good Chinese language skills was made up for with a friendly, English-speaking front desk staff!The hotel offers 24-hour room service with a selection of both Asian and Western dishes. Though I did not order from room service, I did eat one breakfast at the hotel and found the buffet to be quite good. Selections included everything from steamed buns to omelets and french toast.The hotel was conveniently located no more than a 10 minute taxi ride from Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City. Taxis were readily available and the doorman will help call one for you.I cannot fault the hotel for anything and my stay was a pleasant one. Though it lacks character and is not within easy walking distance to the historical sights, the hotel represents a good value and I would not hesitate to stay there again on my next trip to Beijing.	
Nov 19 2007	Value for Money	My wife and I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour of China and found it to be quite comfortable with pleasant staff and good surroundings.The hotel boasts a garden complex next door (hence its name) which is free to hotel guests on presentation of your room key. The locals have to pay to get in which many do as it appears to be a central point for early morning exercises such as Tai Chi, Badminton and a variety of other games enjoyed by the Chinese.The rooms have either twin double beds or one king size bed, television, airconditioning, safe, tea and coffee facilities, lounge and combined bath shower. For those that can afford it they even have suites available which are quite large.Breakfast is a combination of western and local foods, plenty of it and it is quite sufficient for most people. The hotel has a small but comprehensive shopping arcade that has for sale a myriad of local items at relatively cheap prices as well as a tailor that promises to make a suit within 24 hours at a moderate price.It has a unique &quot;Old World&quot; ambience about it with everything in dark wood that is characteristic of the Chinese. The staff were friendly enough and could speak fairly good English which made for easy conversation when checking in and out.All in all not a bad hotel.	
Aug 18 2007 	Has some potential but much better places close by	On the surface, the Oriental Garden's rooms seem to be adequate, if a little worn. However, after arriving my business associate and I left the hotel as soon as we could make other arrangements due to a range of problems. First, the beds are almost literally as hard as rocks. Second, as of August 2007 some areas of the hotel are under renovation. A note left in the room indicated that work would be done between 8am and 8pm. However, on some nights work-related noise continued past 10pm. Also, the air conditioning was not adequate. It took several hours at the maximum setting for the air conditioning to make the room comfortable for sleeping in Beijing's August heat. Finally, as others report, the staff's English is less than perfect, though this did not present a major problem.If you are willing to spend a little more, you should definitely look into staying at the excellent Kuntai Royal Hotel located two subway stops south.	
Apr 11 2007 	Has great potential but hasn't reached it yet	The rooms and bathrooms are modern, well-equipped, and elegant. It's true, the staff speaks limited English, but wasn't really a problem for me. Also, the breakfast buffet was crappy and too expensive. The doorman was very polite, as were all the employees. The gym was small. Location is very good, lots to do nearby.I had one major problem: they refused to turn the air conditioning on! The weather outside was mild, but my room was too warm, and the only advice they had was to open the window. The hotel is on a major street and the room was very loud with the window open. Make sure you ask for a room on the back side of the building. This place could be a really nice hotel if they take some classes on how to handle non-chinese guests.	
Oct 18 2006 	friendly but a bit short sighted	we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and found similar problems to the first review. lack of English speaking staff may have been more of a problem for others, but we got by with our mandarin phrase book. we stayed in the exectutive floor which has the bonus of free internet access (broadband - byo laptop) and free snacks in the exec lounge and coffee. our room wasn't ready on our arrival, and we were offered free coffee.the staff are quite young, but we found that everywhere. the front desk and concierge were excellent, but the cleaning staff are not very good. our bathtub had some ugly brown stains on the bottom, and when asked, the cleaning girl said she doesn't clean that. the japanese restaurant has a great lunch offer of teppanyaki for 48Yuan, which was great for a lunch meal.if you're looking for an english orientated hotel, this is not the one, but it was basically clean and good, and i would stay there again for this price range. in china, it can get much worse.don't ask for an early morning wake up call though, ours came about 15 minutes late - we had already woken ourselves up!!!	
Oct 15 2006 	Has Potential But Disappointing	I stayed here on business for 3 nights, and while the hotel itself has attractive decor and much potential for being business friendly, I was quite disappointed. The biggest problem is an utter lack of effort to cater to Western tourists. The staff language skills are terrible, the food, while overpriced as expected for being in a hotel, caters almost exclusively to the Chinese community, and the only TV stations in English were CNN and HBO. (Disclaimer: My only available comparison is the excellent Holiday Inn Shenyang, located in a MUCH less touristy region, whose staff spoke excellent English and made the effort to offer almost a dozen English-speaking TV stations and a wide variety of international dining options.) The cleaning staff was rude and pushy, bothering me even with the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door at 10:30am, saying if they did not clean the room immediately, they would not clean it all day. I was forced to print out a business agreement in the Business Center, which appears well equipped for business needs, but the 40-page agreement at RMB 10 per page cost me an outrageous US $50 for one copy. To its credit, they do have a dedicated non-smoking floor with fairly large rooms and very clean, modern bathrooms, but should I ever come to Beijing again, I will certainly seek out a different place to stay.	
Jan 25 2006	Very nice hotel	Very nice hotel in very good location. Its a 3 minute walk from the dongzhimen subway station (on the blue line) and a 10 RMB cab ride to sanlitun lu (bar street). The rooms are very clean and spacious. The staff is very helpful. Be aware though that most staff doesn't speak much english (beyond the basics).	
