Sep 22 2009 	Truly an heaven on earth	I stayed at the Shangri-la Beijing on my trip to China along with my friends, The Shangri-la hospitality was amazing and the Staff impeccable. I truly salute the wonderful Chinese hospitality	
Sep 16 2009 	Very good 5 star hotel but too far from center	I have stayed for 3 nights in July 2009. The hotel is very good for 5 stars (above Marriot, Hilton, etc). The room is big and the service is good. The spa is great (one of the best I have ever seen) with a very good jacuzzi. Unfortunatelly it is very far from the center of Beijing (about 25 minutes by taxi) but taxies are cheap (You pay around 8 - 10 USD for the trip to the center). The prices for having dinner in the hotel are outrages for Beijing (around 100 USD for 2 persons while outside you can eat very good food for 30).	
Sep 7 2009 	Could be better	We had high expectations - this was the last stop on a trip to China and we had stayed in some fabulous hotels during our 17 day visit. I should have looked into the location more - we were only there for two nights and we had visited Beijing before but some time ago. The hotel is not convenient for anything. It is the other side of town to the airport and given the traffic issues, 30 minutes or more from most places you would want to visit as a tourist.Whilst the staff spoke English, it was not to the standard expected from a 5* eastablishment. There were some bizarre recommendations - we were staying in the most expensive wing of the hotel and the recommendations included a dreadful fake market as a top sight. It took over half an hour to get to and was hard to get back from - and completely rubbish selling nothing you would want. After Shanghai the shopping here was awful.On arrival at the hotel the concierge questioned us - doubting we were staying in the Valley Wing - not a good start. The Valley wing lounge has a view which is like a cross between the A4 or Hammersmith Flyover and Spagetti junction. This was the same view as from our room.The restaurant service was poor - we were made to feel less than welcome when we truned up at 9.30 and last orders were 10pm. The staff were much more interested in going home that serving us.The rooms were comfortable and the lounge offered a free flow of Champagne all day and canapes early evening. The canapes were not as good as at some other hotels we have stayed in, including on this trip. The pool was not particularly inviting, especially given the plastic lane dividers that made it look like a public baths, rather than a plush, comfortable 5*retreat.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good	Nice hotel, a long way from the centre.Very friendly staff, good Horizon Club lounge.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel with friendly staff and wonderful amenities	Our first visit to Beijing. This choice of hotel certainly contibuted to a great visit to this interesting city as it was wonderful coming back to the hotel after a hectic day of sightseeing to be greeted by freindly staff and to have access to a great choice of restaurants on site, a superb gym and to have a comfortable room to return to. Only downfall is the location which is far from downtown as such but this does not influence one's visit if arranging sightseeing tours (through the hotel concierge desk) that collects and drops-off at the hotel. Service staff try hard to speak English with no problems in communication. Superb buffet breakfast and a great choice of various food on the menus at the different restaurants to satisfy all tastes for dinner.	
Feb 9 2009 	Superb in every respect	Oustanding in every respect. Valley Wing Club and rooms are outstanding and service impeccable. Faultless.	
Aug 3 2008 	nice hotel	Great staff and nice lobby. Rooms of average proptions though. Well stocked tea/cofee making facillities. Large beds and very comfy mattresess. However it is a bit far away from touristy bits of the city. Overall no major complaints, however impersonal and a bit cold like many large sized chain hotels!	
Jun 20 2008 	Beautiful Shangri-la	We spent three nights at the very beautiful Beijing Shangrila. Excellent staff- some with good English!Our twin-room on the 24th floor was very comfortable and spacious. Powerful shower and TV with BBC, HBO and ESPN for us to catch the US Open Golf!Breakfast was fantastic. A huge selection of Western and a several Chinese dishes. They have a beautiful garden with a charming bar where we sat out one night for a midnight snack.The only quibble I have is with the location. A little off the beaten track for sightseeing. That said, when one got back after a long day, this was the place you wanted to be in to unwind and relax- comfort to the max.We were part of a conference so our stay was taken care of. For our extended private visit we did moveto a hotel in the centre of the city (The Kapok, also reviewed) to be in the thick of things.	
Jun 7 2008	Great breakfasts / deal difficult membership program	Great buffet breakfasts and deal for this hotel, especially during the 1-week Mid-Year China Holiday in which all hotels in the financial district had large discounts. Buffet breakfasts at this Shangri-La were excellent. Connected to a mall, for convenience.Only minus: Membership program was poor. We stayed 10 nights, only to be offered the opportunity to *start* a membership (and our nights weren't counted towards the membership).	
May 14 2008	Nice hotel for the money	They must have recently updated the rooms and infrastructure as everything was clean and new(ish). The rooms were large and the beds had nice linens. Good bath products and decent towels.The breakfast buffet is varied if a little bland, but the traditional Chinese fare was very good. Give congee a whirl.The gym and spa facilities were extremely nice and clean and a great way to work off some jet lag.Good service and an overall good experience for the business traveler. The 'big' attractions are a $4 cab ride away, but with Beijing traffic is kind of doesn't matter where you stay anyway.	
May 9 2008 	Big Hotel	I attended a conference at the hotel and found it to be grand, flashy and another really big, expensive hotel. There was nothing wrong with it but it offered an experience that was repeatable at virtually any big hotel in the world. It had Chinese folks working and a Chinese garden but had that &quot;global&quot; feel that is universal. The location is a bit remote, and, given Beijing traffic, a good hike to the central sites. But taxis are readily available and inexpensive. On the night I arrived, it was late and rainy so I went to the cafe for food and spent as much for a plate of spaghetti as I had for four really excellent dinners in Shanghai at a local place. Regardless of the location, I rarely feel that there is much value in this kind of hotel. They are very friendly in that &quot;here's what you do&quot; kind of way as they charge outrageous sums for virtually every transaction. The room was lovely, the pool and other facilities were excellent, and the kitchen provided tasty meals but otherwise I could have been anywhere on the globe.	
Apr 19 2008 	Probably OK as businessman's hotel lousy location for everybody else	Booked this hotel as an Oceania pre-cruise option, hence I didn't choose the hotel, it was the only one offered. This hotel and its sister in Kowloon where we stayed after the cruise, couldn't be more different.Where Kowloon was in the thick of it, this hotel is so far removed from the centre of Beijing that you might as well be in another city. OK, so it's not a million miles from the Summer Palace, but you couldn't walk there so that doesn't help much. No, with the exception of the Great Wall at Badaling (where you're nearer to it than from any other top hotel in Beijing, the only problem being that the Great Wall at Mutianyu is far superior and is in the opposite direction!) there is NO reason to stay in this location. If I ever return to Beijing (and it would have to be a damn sight warmer for me to do this) I want to stay within walking distance on Tiananmen Square.Where Kowloon had the world on its doorstep, here there are virtually no worthwhile shops or restaurants within walking distance - although the one eatery we found (where they spoke no English, hence lots of pointing) provided a halfway-edible meal, with several courses and 2 large beers for change out of £7.00 sterling.Where the staff and admin in Kowloon was a well-oiled machine, this one needed some maintenance. Exception: Justin the concierge who found us a driver out to the Wall at short notice and who knows his stuff.Where the view from our room in Kowloon was awesome, in Beijing it was ghastly (see photo). Room quality also not up to much, but then it was a better quality room we had in Kowloon.Where the Kowloon (Horizon Club) breakfast was fantastic, and included in the (admittedly high) price, here it was mediocre and damned expensive for what you got, which is why we skipped breakfast one morning out of two.Only bright spot was the in-house Chinese restaurant, where we had a nicely presented meal, with a good bottle of wine, for less yuan than I was expecting.All in all, forget this hotel as a place to stay in Beijing if you're paying and you therefore get the choice. I suppose that if you're in Beijing on business and if you have absolutely no interest whatsoever in what is outside the front door of your hotel, and your contacts come to you, then there might just be some point. But if this is where you fit in, why not stay nearer the airport? Or better still, stay at home and use video-conferencing!!	
Apr 16 2008 	fantastic time	I can not believe that this hotel does not fall higher up in the ratings for hotels in Beijing.Over the past few years, we have stayed in quite a few Shangri La hotels, but was least looking forward to staying here becasue of the reviews.The hotel itself is smaller than some of the others and is a taxi ride out of the city. (never costing more than £2 to travel anywhere, usually about 50p!) When we arrived at the hotel, we were shown to our room by a lady in guest relations. It was our anniversary and there was a cake, box of chocolates, red roses and a bottle of wine waiting for us. The lady wanted to take our photo, but declined due to 15 hrs travelling. Felt really bad about this later. Everywhere we went in the hotel, we were greeted by name. The service really was exceptional!We had a high floor looking over the city and gardens. We even had blue sky on one day!Breakfast was fantastic, so much to choose from. We also stayed at the Shangri La in Shanghai, but preferred this one.Highly recommended!	
Apr 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel Location OK	We spent 3 days here at the end of March. Our room was in the tower and was, by American standards, a little small. In UK terms it was quite spacious. The bed a full kIng size was very comfortable and the room was very quiet. The bathroom had a shower separate from the bath a real personal plus point.Our view was out of the back of the hotel over the gardens and was fine, I expect rooms on the south side overlooking the highway intersection may be a little noisier. Others have remarked on the proximity of the intersection but we did not find it intrusive. We've stayed in far noisier city hotels elsewhere. In fact on a positive note the location on the third ring road made it easy to travel away from the hotel. But the location is quite isolated - we had transport so for us this was not an issue. But without it I would expect this could be a problem. In fact the only problem with an otherwise flawless hotel.Service was excellent - attentive, friendly, and everyone we encountered had enough English for us to successfully communicate our requirements.The breakfast buffet was enormous and I would defy anyone not to find something to eat either Oriental or Western in addition there was an a la carte menu we didn't need to sample. We also ate here - a light meal in the Yi cafe late one evening and even though they were about to stop serving we were not rushed and watched as they dismantled and removed the ice sculptures from the buffet for repacking in the freezers!Check in was quick and efficient, and I was addressed by name, always a nice touch.All told this was a great first 'Shangri La' experience and one I would repeat without hesitation.	
Apr 10 2008	Mixed experience	Stayed here for 3 nights as part of post-cruise package. Room was in the older wing and showed its age a bit--could use updating. Best part of the experience there was the food in both the Coffee Shop and the Blu Lobster. Also lovely garden which is a respite from the crazy traffic. Location is not great--not pedestrian-friendly. Staff speaks little English but are very nice and try hard to accomodate.	
Mar 24 2008 	Fantastic	Booked this hotel last August reason being as my daughter is at the university in that area so location wise it suited us brilliantly, so after reading reports about this hotel after I had booked it I was thinking I had made a mistake.. Not to be , we stayed in the orinal part of the Hotel not the new wing, rooms maybe a tad dated but fine infact the beds are the comfiest...Breakfast was just brilliant there was such a geart selection that i couldnt even list everything, staff were polite and charming, not hovering over you wanting to be tipped... but Beijingers do not expect to be tipped so dont.Both restauruants in the hotel were brillant... Blu Lobster was the most probably the best I have had the pleasure to eat in... if its good enough for Celine Dion well.......there you go.Location wise yes it is somewhat out of the way... taxis are cheap, I wouldnt recommend the subway as we used it but my daughter is used to it and can speak the language, we did the major attractions and the longest we were in a taxi was about 40 mins... in fact I was glad i booked this hotel and not one nearer to the other attractions, beijing is ssooooo big you will always be stuck in some kind of traffic....	
Jan 21 2008 	Fantastic if you want to be away from the centre of Beijing	First of all, this hotel is really far away from the centre of Beijing (ie Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City etc). I'm talking a 30 minute ride in a taxi. Yes, taxis are extremely cheap in Beijing, but I didn't enjoy spending 5 hours a day in them getting to an from our hotel.Also, being in this location, there are no restaurants or shops anywhere nearby. Nothing worth visiting is within walking distance, so you need to be aware you are very isolated, but to be honest, I was relieved we weren't staying in the centre of the city. It was a relief to get back to our peaceful hotel each day.The restaurants in the hotel were superb. I don't usually like eating in the hotels too much, I think it's important to get out there and 'be with the people', but we had so much trouble finding restaurants where menus were written even partly in English (KFC was really our only choice-if you're a fan, you'll be in heaven in Beijing), so we ate in the hotel every night. The food was amazing - I was never disappointed. It's not cheap though, so bring a credit card with a big limit.The hotel itself is nice. We were in a suite, and it was ok. A little dated, and the zebra print on the walls was a bit hard to get used to, but having 2 bathrooms was fantastic.The Horizon Club was ok (staff were fantastic) but next time I'd stay in the Valley Wing. Much nicer for a very similar price.The only bad thing I can say is the service in the lobby lounge broke my heart. We went there one day after going to the Great Wall, and the girls working there wouldn't let us have a table (perhaps because we looked too 'touristy' compared to all the business guests). I was furious and absolutely mortified. I went up to my room and got a bit upset and had a bit of a teary moment, but the girls in the Horizon Club were really nice to us, so it wasn't everyone in the hotel who was rude. The guys on the door definitely deserve a mention - they had the best English of anyone in the hotel, they were funny and a pleasure to see each day.All in all, this hotel is probably more suited to business travellers than tourists. We did not see one other tourist in the hotel for the entire week while we were there and we were told they were running at about 80% capacity, so you may feel like a fish out of water if you're on holiday.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great service and comfortable rooms but isolated location	If you need or want to stay in the western part of Beijing, Shangri-la is a great option. Rooms are spacious and well-appointed, and hotel staff is eminently professional and courteous. Restaurants are all great, though pricey-- partly because of the dearth of competition in the neighborhood. Shangri-la is designed to be a small oasis in the city, and it succeeds in this, but as a consequence, you tend to pay for it through high-priced food/drink and other amenities. Still, this is my first choice anytime I come to Beijing for an extended period.	
Oct 24 2007 	I miss the Shangri-La Beijing	From the outside it doesnt match how the inside looked like. The front desk, concierge desk and the restaurant at Cafe Cha were great. They were all very helpful. The rooms were so environmently friendly with their key card as a slot for turning on the lights to a friendly reminder of where your key card is. Everything was labeled with what switch goes to what. Their use of furniture is so smart and friendly. The beds to their roll away bed are comfortable. Even if you are there for one night, you must try their jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. Their heath center spa was a great bonus! they have a swimming pool that is beautiful, you wouldnt think it was a swimming pool. They have all these amendities for you. They're breakfast buffet is out of this world and their dinner buffet Desserts are incredible. If you venture out remember to ask the Concierge desk to recommend places to go for a bite. They are prompt, safe and clean. I would definitely go back the Shangri-la.	
Oct 21 2007	OK as far a as travel group htoel but....	We first stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing, then transferred here rto begin our Viking river cruise experience.NOT a 4 star hotel, even in China. Maybe a 3. Staff did not really understand English, and were a bit surly. Room certainly was not 4 star. Food not much better,although breakfast buffet was quite good. Right on a major highway, more polluted than most locations from auto smog. Lousy location also caused us to have to taxi for dinner quite a distance.Bed not very comfortable, AC marginal. Avoid if you can.	
Oct 20 2007 	Stay in the Valley Wing!	From reading reviews it appears choice of which wing you stay in is critical to your opinion of this hotel. I stayed in the Valley wing during my stay and found it to be and extremely comfortable and enjoyable experience.From the check in, where the reception staff escorted you to the room for check in, to the check out where same staff escorted you to the taxi, the service was impeccable.The room was comfortable and practical including king size bed, walk in robe and flat screen TVs in both living room and bathroom (the bathroom a smaller version built into the mirror). For business the desk was set up with multi adapter sockets on the power and the broadband service was free, although a little slow.The Valley Wing has a business lounge on the 12th floor which serves complimentary food and wine throughout the day with an open bar happy hour from 5-7pm- the scene of a few late nightcaps and cause of a few early morning headaches. The breakfast and dinner(snack) buffets were small but good quality.The gym is modern and well equipped although can be a little busy in the morning. There is also a great 25m lap pool.Not matter which wing you stay the hotel is a long way from the centre- approximately 30min by car and the subway is also not convenient to the hotel. There is a travel desk which is efficient in organising either personal or group tours which were good value (personal day tour to Great Wall and Ming Tombs was approx. $150). Restaurants in the hotel are expensive( very!), and would be better advised to travel outside for dinner.In all, recommend if staying here that you upgrade to the Valley Wing and enjoy an extremely comfortable hotel experience.	
Oct 5 2007 	OK hotel could do better	On arrival the receptionist 's attitude was cold and uninterested and despite reconfirming our booking by email they put us in a smoking room which smelt heavily of smoke. My wife rang down and was told they could not do anything until the following day so I went back down to reception and demanded a move. They gave us a non smoking room as required which was obviously for another person as it had a greeting card with fresh fruit saying welcome back Mr xxxx . This 5 * hotel is in a city location but has wonderful gardens to walk thorough. It is quite an old hotel that has been revamped. The bedroom décor is a bit basic and boring with not much attention to detail. That is to say they don’t seem to clean in every corner and our fruit was growing fur by day three and no one had changed it. Bedrooms are ample size but lack storage space and have fridge, kettle, safe, self charging torch and smoke masks! The beds are comfortable with a choice of pillows as all Shangri la hotels offer. There is a writing desk with internet access. A large swimming pool and spa centre on the 5th floor is open 6am -11pm and they provide towels, bathrobes and slippers. The Café Cha serves breakfast and international meals from 6am- midnight and has a great view over the garden area. Blu Lobster restaurant serves Western Cuisine, Nishimura Japanese Cuisine and Shang Palace Cantonese Cuisine. All are a very good standard and vast choice. The waiting on service is efficient and pleasant. I have stayed in five Shangri la hotels and they have been terrific however this one is in need of some T L C. I think they could do better.	
Sep 30 2007 	Okay hotel bad location for leisure travelers	Having stayed at the Kerry Centre many times, I had high expectations for the Shangri-la. While the hotel was okay overall, I wouldn't suggest that others going to Beijing stay there unless they really had to be in that part of town. I had two rooms: the first was a horizon level room in the Garden wing, the second was a Valley wing room. The Garden wing room was not particularly nice - it reminded me of the Excelsior in Hong Kong. The room is small but adequate. The decor is okay, but not particularly nice. Certainly not as nice as the Kerry Centre or the Peninsula. The real problem with this room was noise. I could hear the upstairs neighbors - kids who jumped on the floor until the wee hours of the morning. I moved to a Valley wing room at the suggestion of one of the hotel staff. This room was much nicer - larger, more natural light, a much nicer bathroom, a sitting area separate from the sleeping area. Importantly, I could not hear the neighbors. I was much happier with this room overall. However, I still think it's a bit much to force people to pay extra to stay in the Valley wing to have what they should expect: a room that offers the ability to sleep in peace. The gym is nice - but not any better than the one at the Kerry Centre. I had a massage in the spa and found it to be only okay. The Chi spa chain has a weird way of branding their spa treatments - lots of tea and bells and stuff I don't care about at all. I wasn't there to feel beautiful or whatever they imagined brought me to the spa; I was there because my back never really recovered from the 14 hour trip to Beijing. As elsewhere in the hotel, they tack on a 15% service charge. They also seemed to expect a tip in addition to this, which I found very cheeky. The food was okay but not great - pretty much what I would expect from a hotel. It was, of course, vastly overpriced. While this is what I expect, it's especially annoying because this hotel is located pretty far from commercial districts where there would be more choice. In fact, it's surrounded on two sides by motorways that are pretty much jammed all day long. That sight, and the thought of being stuck for hours in traffic, did not inspire me to go out and be adventurous, something I always did when staying in Chaoyang (where the Kerry Centre is). Overall, this hotel is okay in a pinch - when you need to be out in that part of town. But I would not put it on my short list for any other reason.	
Aug 8 2007 	Luxurious Experience	Made reservation with Shangri-la Beijing mainly because our son joined a Summer Camp located in the same Haidian area, and I was attracted to the hotel's &quot;value package&quot;, which included free breakfast, internet access, laundry &amp; dry-cleaning, &amp; airport transfer. We requested pick-up from another hotel instead of the airport &amp; the arrangement was hassle-free. A few days before check-in, we got an invitation from the hotel to pay a higher rate (+ free room upgrade) to try their new Valley Wing, and we agreed. So we practically changed from the most basic to the most expensive room category by paying ¥400 (+applicable tax) more per night.We have to say the experience was great (though it could have been better)! We were picked up from another hotel by an Audi, greeted at Valley Wing's entrance by an elegant Valley Wing Receptionist, Sally, and escorted to our room, where check-in was done inside the room. The room was nicely prepared with welcome tea, fruit, chocolate, and even stationary with my husband's name pre-printed. It could have been perfect if the followings have not happened: (1) We made reservation for a twin room but were given a dbl room; (2) The room was a connecting room, but the door between the 2 rooms could not be closed; (3) We were not given any introduction to the hotel at all. We ended up going to the business lounge in the old wing instead of going to the Valley Wing. It would have been really impressive if we had a briefing on the facilities of the hotel/ room. Instead, without even appologizing on having mixed up our room, Sally just led us to the new room &amp; left. Moments later, the house-cleaning lady brought the tea, fruit, &amp; chocolate from the other room to our new room, but of course, the impression was discounted.Overall, service in the Valley lounge was of high standard, with esp. credit to Alice &amp; Britany. They made you feel they took extra care. The moment you entered the lounge, the receptionists would greet you &amp; one of them would bring you drinks. One late evening, we had a drink at the lounge, and I found a small mosquito laying dead on one of the pastry, they immediately took everything away, appologised whole-heartedly, promised they would improve on bug-control, &amp; brought us some new ones (not completely defrosted) from the fridge. Apart from that incident, food quality was good. The lounge receptionists arranged our dinner reservation at their famed Chinese restaurant, and we were able to get a nice table by the window.Laundry service was excellent. We moved in with loads of dirty laundry, and check-out with everything washed, ready for our remaining trip to Hong Kong. The small herb-bag they added when the laundry returned was an impressing touch.Overall, an enjoyable first experience at the Shangri-la!	
Jun 28 2007	Out-of-the-Way Group-Oriented Hotel	We stayed at the Shangri-La Beijing for three nights as part of a pre-cruise package. For the previous five days when we were traveling independently, we stayed at The Peninsula Beijing. Though both are 5 star hotels, there is no comparison. The Peninsula wins on all counts.The Shangri-La is quite far from all of the major sights except the Summer Palace. Because of The Peninsula's central location, we could walk or take short taxi rides to the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, Wangfunjing Street, the Back Lakes, Drum Tower, Jinshan Park, the Temple of Heaven, and Lama Temple wasting almost no time in travel. From the Shangri-La these must-see sights are 45 minutes to over an hour away by taxi.The room at the Shangri-La was in the older tower. It was quite large with a comfortable bed. The bath had a tub/shower combination. Unlike many newer hotels, there was no separation of the sinks/toilet/tub areas. Rooms in the new tower may be more modern and luxurious in appearance and function. Much is made of the hotel's location in a park-like, garden setting. In fact, the hotel surrounds a small green area made to look like old Beijing. It is nice but in no way a real park –– just hotel hardscape and landscaping.Except for an ample buffet breakfast which was part of the pre-cruise package, we ate only one meal in the hotel. Surprisingly for such a large hotel, no full-service restaurant was open throughout the day. We settled for deli fare beside the larger lobby restaurant for a late afternoon meal. The charge for two hot sandwiches with fries, some slaw, and two cokes was $55.00 –– quite expensive for what it was.Like the Shangri-La hotels in Bangkok and Hong Kong (Kowloon), this one seemed more oriented toward large groups attending conferences or on tours. It lacked the distinguishing personality and character of many 5 star Asian hotels. But more important its location gave no hint that the visitor was in Beijing. It could have been in any busy, commercial area surrounded by freeways in Asia. For anyone who prefers easy access to sights and freedom to walk to at least some of the sights that they want to see, I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2007 	luxury	Although I was wary of what 5 stars might mean in China, the Shangri La is without a doubt the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in. Rooms have every amenity you could think of, and many you can't! Def fulfulled my expectations. Hotel caters to westerners, so finding extremely helpful staff that spoke understandable English was easy, as was finding recognizable food and drinks. Two standout areas: 1) The gym/spa is incredible. The wood panelled free-weight room will make you want to lift all day! 2)The coffee. Seriously, it and the whole breakfast buffet was awesome. Other recommendation - the garden bar is a great place to enjoy a drink and a Beijing night.	
May 3 2007 	great hotel bad location	The hotel and the amenities were everything I expect in a Shangri-la hotel. I stayed there for 2 nights in the new tower. The room was large and clean and well maintained. The fitness center was well equipped. The food was good and there were lots of options.Access to and from the hotel was easy with Taxi's.The only negative I have for the hotel was it's location. I like to explore the area I'm staying in by walking around. There was nothing around the hotel nearby (within walking distances). You have to know where you want to go and get a taxi to get there.	
Apr 29 2007 	Top Notch	Had a 4 night stay in March and these were our observations.Staff - Wonderfull - nothing was too much for them.Food - Buffet breakfast superb - plenty of western and eastern choices both of very high quality. We also ate in the bar 1 night with very good &quot;nibbly food&quot; which was actually hideously expensive.Rooms - we had a room on the top floor with a great view - seperate walk in shower , lovely amenities , slippers , robes , spotlessly clean.Location - not a great deal for tourists in local area - there is a supermarket in the basement of the shopping mall if you come out the hotel at the front entrance turn right and walk for 2 minutes. Taxi to the local subway station was 15rmb ( £1 ) or to Tiannamen square was 44rmb ( £3 ).Facilities - Had magnificent couples massage at the spa which was out oif this world - best spa we have ever been to oozing class - swimming pool pretty small and a big let down for what is a super hotel.	
Apr 14 2007 	Comfy Hotel Great Service - Make sure the location is right for you.	The Shangri-La Beijing is a very high quality hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff are very courteous and comfortable speaking English. I took advantage of their car service from the airport and was surprised to be greeted at the door and accompanied to my room for in-room check-in.We tried two of the restaurants in the hotel. Cafe Cha has an incredibly diverse buffet with many different styles of food and several stations for made-to-order dishes. Shang Palace had fantastic local cuisine with high class service. We were disappointed that the other restaurants they were advertising in the hotel were not yet open.The location of the hotel probably isn’t ideal for tourists. There just wasn’t much to do within walking distance of the hotel. Fortunately, taxis are cheap and readily available at the hotel. If I go back to Beijing for tourism, I would try to find a place closer to the Wangfujing area.My partner had a massage at the hotel spa and gave it good reviews although he was surprised by the offer of “massage down there” at the end of the hour. The fitness centre has a lap pool, multi-purpose resistance machine, and a small selection of free weights. It’s enough to get by but might be a bit frustrating for someone used to a full-service gym. In summary, it was a very pleasant stay in a comfortable room with high-touch service. If the location makes sense for you, we’d definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 12 2007	A Hotel which Oozes Excellence	The Shangri-La Beijing acts as a beautiful and idyllic retreat from the hustle and bustle city that is Beijing. The rooms are more than just clean, or neat, they are amazing. The cuisine is better than fine, or nice, it is exquisite. The staff surpass all expectations of what one defines as service, the staff are simply brilliant. The physical hotel itself is marvellous; the lobby with its marble floors heighten the sense of luxury and grandeur. However, the greatest aspect of this hotel is the beautiful gardens which are kept to perfection. The Shangri-La Beijing really is an exceptional hotel and any chance to stay here should not be missed.	
Mar 16 2007 	so-so Shangri-La	Beautiful hotel in Beijing. Nicely appointed rooms, great bar and lounge. Very nice restaurant. A bit stiff at the front desk and staff though.	
Feb 23 2007 	Good hotel should be even better once renovation is done	Great hotel. I know it sounds cheesy, but the buffet is great! After spending 1 week in Shanghai prior to coming to Beijing, I was pretty burnt out on Chinese food (cow's face anyone ?). I was very please to come to a GREAT lunch buffet with food from every corner of the globe. Indian, Italian, American, even sushi! And the food was actually quite good. Staff is very friendly, rooms are decent sized. Cleaning staff does good job turning the rooms. Great cigar store in the hotel if you're in the mood for a Cuban.	
Dec 14 2006	great but watch the location	Got into a wide and beautiful room with lots of light and an unusual lay out for the worktable and the fridge area. Hotel is top fly but I realised I was west of the city when all my biz partners are actually located east of Beijing.the buffet restaurant is one of the best I've been in Asia, service was a little unprofessional at time. Great experience overall.	
Nov 30 2006 	Excellent in every aspect	It was a pity that my stay in Beijing was only for 2 days as I would have loved to stay longer at the Shangrila Beijing hotel. Upon arrival, I was greeted by name and escorted to my room for a personalised check in. I was upgraded to an executive suite on the 23rd floor. The suite was excellent and consisted of a living room with a good area allocated as a mini business center with a work table, ample electric sockets, free internet conection and a fax / printer machine. There was a guest toilet next to it. Flat screen TV with DVD player and an assortment of audio CDs were kept. The other room was a bedroom with a large king sized bed , a full bathroom with a separate shower and quality toiletries. Service was exemplary and excellent in every aspect. We had breakfast in the restaurant and the choice was enormous with all sorts of dishes from Chinese, Japanese , Malaysian and American cuisines. The horizon club lounge was also accessible for us. It was a bright lounge, very well decorated and on the 21st floor offering sweeping views. From 5-7 pm there was an assortment of hot and cold quality snacks and desserts as well as drinks. My overall impression of the hotel and staff was nothing but excellent. The only drawback is that the hotel is quite far off the city center and bearing in mind the traffic conditions during weekdays, it can take well over an hour to reach downtown if your work requires so.	
Nov 1 2006 	A Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at this hotel while on a tour of China thru Ritz Tours. We stayed at 5 star hotels all over China and this hotel had the best beds and most comfortable rooms of all. It has a beautiful garden area, wonderful breakfast buffet.I would definitely give it 5 stars.	
Oct 29 2006 	Absolutely SUPERB!	I used TripAdvisor to do some research in hotels in Beijing before we booked it. Dragonair holidays gave us a choice of 4 and 5 star and after researching, we chose this one.We had been warned it was a bit further out from the city but we had our own driver so it was ok.Hotel was absolutely incredibly beautiful. beautiful tranquil garders and the cuisine was awesome.Try the Shang Palace.. food in there was amazing and at a good price too.The rooms were stunning too.. very well decorated and very clean and modern.Anyone staying in Beijing, I would urge you to consider this one.	
Oct 10 2006 	I use this hotel as my base in Beijing	I stay here whenever I travel to Beijing, around 5 or 6 times a year.I stay in the Horizon club rooms and the service in the lounge is absolutely fist class, as are the cocktails and canapes on offer every evening.The Horizon Club rooms are no different from the rest of the hotel however, large, comfortable, clean and well serviced. The staff are, without exception, polite and helpful, without being pushy, and I have to mention, especially, Wilsun Arabind the head chef, who has spent time at my table on a number of visits and always offers to make anything I need, whether it's on the menu or not.The quality of the Cafe Cha buffet is, again, first class with a huge and diverse range of dishes on offer, I think there is probably something to suit every taste imaginable. Room service, on the occasions I've used it, has been prompt and efficient.During a visit in 2005 I was suffering from a heavy cold. I was asked by a member of staff in reception if I needed anything but declined, saying I would try to sleep it off. Five minutes after I arived at my room there was a knock on the door, another member of staff with a Chinese cold remedy. Typical of the staff trying to go out of their way to help.One small gripe:The new tower is currently under construction and it can be noisy during the day - but it isn't intrusive enough to make me move.	
Aug 19 2006	Totally Cool !!		
Apr 11 2006	Lovely accomodations and staff		
Feb 7 2006	Great Hotel for Tourists		
Sep 24 2005	Beautiful hotel good location		
Jul 5 2005 	A good experience		
Jun 25 2005	5 Star for 3 Star Price		
Dec 13 2004	Shangri-La Hotel Excellent!		
Aug 29 2004	not a good choice for tourists		
Aug 12 2004	Excellent SErvice - location is downside		
May 30 2004	Very poor reflection of Shangri-La		
Jan 9 2009	?????		
Aug 30 2008 	????????		
Jun 4 2007	Excellent		
