Nov 25 2009 	Fine hotel for a reasonable price	Decent rooms - friendly staff. Free internet is nice. Very close to Main Train Station and Subway.Many shops, supermarkets and McDonald closeby.Walk to the subway in 5 minutes and explore the city.For those who can not find it:When you stand with your back to the trainstation - go right !There you will pass a busstation. Go into the first street to your right.There is a huge hotel on the corner. At the end of the street you will see a policestation.Go right and after 50 metres you will find the hotel on your left hand.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great value hotel	Would definitely recommend this to anyone travelling on a budget (as we were) who doesn't want to compromise on quality. At first we thought we might never find it as the cab driver stopped at various points to ask for directions, though I guess this is all part of the experience. When we did eventually find it, navigating through the Hutong was abit of a shock to the system considering it was our first time in Asia, but we soon came to realize that this was part of the Zhong-An's charm. The location suited us fine as it was walking distance from the main Beijing Railway Station.The hotel and it's staff catered for all our needs. We speak no Chinese yet we were able to communicate with relative ease. The rooms were well kept and serviced daily. The en-suite facilities were also great - the one time we did have a problem with our toilet it was fixed that morning. The additional facilities that the hotel offers were also a real bonus - free internet access and free bike hire, which is a great way to get around Beijing if you can brave the roads. There is also a well-stocked shop and equally well-maintained courtyard on site if you're looking for somewhere to chill out at the end of a night or plan the day ahead. They also offer an excellent tourist service desk, which we used to book an excursion to the Great Wall (highly recommeneded) and got lots of useful help from on stuff like using the subway system, evening entertainment, getting to the Olympic Park, etc. Makes all the difference in terms of getting the most out of your stay in Beijing.We only booked for the first 2 nights as a precaution, but we were so content we decided to stay there the whole 8 days we were in Beijing.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel for the $ and in an easy location for Beijing travel	I stayed here for three nights in September and rebooked for two nights in October before I flew home. I thought the rooms were more than adequate, cleaned daily and the staff did a super job of handling my sub standard Mandarin. This was my first trip to China and when I return I will definitely consider the Zhong An. Within a couple of blocks of the train, subway and markets, not to mention easy walking to Tian Anmen Square, the Forbidden City and countless other attractions in the area.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location clean place good hotel	This hotel was nice (the second nicest I stayed in in all of China -- 6 different hotels). It was clean, but a bit small. We had a queen sized bed that nearly filled the entire room, leaving little space for bigger luggage, but it was ok. The hotel has 4 flights, but no elevator, and we were on the 4th floor, so checking in an out wasn't the funnest, but it wasn't all that bad.It was a great location, just a couple minutes from the train station, bus stops and subway station, making getting around Beijing as simple and inexpensive as can be. We got off the airplane, got on the subway line that leaves from the airport toward the city, transfered trains at the DongZhiMen Station and hopped on line #2 a few more stops and got off at the Beijing Station stop. From there it was a 5 min walk to the hotel. I've never been to China in my life, but still found it easy to get around and find this place on my own (after reading reviews here on Trip Advisor, of course). So getting from the airport to the hotel is super quick, easy and CHEAP!There are tons of places to get food just across the street, including a shopping mall with some yummy Chinese fast food places (beef noodle soup, noodles, etc).Even though it was right by the train station (when we looked out the window we looked straight out onto the tracks) it wasn't ever so noisy that it woke us up. The staff was helpful and called taxis for us, told us about local attractions. I speak Mandarin, so I was able to chit chat with them, but all of them also had proficient English. Our room (and all rooms, I assume) had free internet and a flat screen TV. We were able to leave our luggage at the hotel for free when we checked out in the morning, and then pick it up in the evening just before catching our train to XiAn. Only negatives were: the lack of an elevator (no biggie), small room size (no biggie) and the fact that they seemed stingy about giving us Toilet Paper every day (which was odd and annoying, but again, no biggie). Really a great place and I would stay there again. Good price for a nice little place in such a great location.	
Sep 7 2009 	Checked out after 3 hours...	We checked into the Zhong An Hotel on Sunday, August 9th. We checked out 3 hours later. We spent those entire 3 hours searching for a way to cancel our booking and find another hotel. When we entered our room a the Zhong An, we realized we had been duped into reserving a rat hole. It was disgusting! The room had just been cleaned, but there were hairs all over the tile floor in little wet clumps (as if they had come from a mop that wasn’t cleaned or replaced in years). Looking out the window, we realized we were literally no more than 30 feet from the train tracks of the Beijing Rail Station – Beijing’s main (and thus busiest) station. Every time a train pulled in or out of the station, we could hear it, feel it, and see it. Walking into the bathroom we were shocked to see more mold in the shower than we’ve ever seen in one place before. It was repulsive. Who wants to take a shower where rubber boots and gloves are needed? The toilet space was hardly a space at all. We’re not large men, but we practically had to sit sideways on the toilet because there was so little room (mere inches) between the seat and the wall in front). And finally, there were packages of condoms sitting at the ready on the counter above the sink. It appeared to be that “kind” of establishment. This hotel was incredibly below standard, and entirely misrepresented - especially by the pictures.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good value for money	This hotel is in No.6 Kuijiachang Hutong, very close to the Railway Station.It's has been very diffucult to reach, cause no one of the taxi drivers knew the address.It's a very little street behind the Central Railway Station.The hotel is very close to the Beijing Youth Hostel and the price are pretty the same, but my personal advice is to prefer this one. The rooms are nice and clean, the service is polite and helpful.Internet is free, if you have your PC. At the opposite it's possible to rent a PC for 10 RMB per night. There is also a public PC in the living room, but it is just for rapid consultations.We didn't like the breakfast: the international one should be improved (we've not tried the chinese one). Please note that booking via Expedia the breakfast is not included.The location is very useful: close to the Central Railway Station (5 minutes by walk), to the Subway station (5 minutes by walk) and to the Airport Shuttle Station (10 minutes by walk).BEST: Value for money/LocationWORST: Not simple to reach via taxi.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very good value good location.	This Chinese hotel (meaning not a typical Western-style tourist hotel) is a very good value, located in a hutong about 3-5 minutes walk to the main Beijing train station and the subway (#2 line). The staff speaks enough English to get by and is very friendly. The breakfast is Chinese style, not Western. This is a good way to experience real Beijing on the cheap. The rooms are adequate and the nearby train station is not as noisy as I thought it would be. They have one computer with internet access available for free use, and will provide a computer for your room very inexpensively if you request one (10rmb per day when I was there).	
Jun 24 2009 	Small Hotel but Great Value for Money	Of course you cannot compare this hotel to a 4 or 5 star hotel; you pay for what you get. For the price I paid for a 2-bedroom suite at this hotel, I am more than happy with what I get. In my opinion, it was great value for money. Rooms were clean and service was good. However, I am not exactly sure if the hotel staff speaks English as I spoke with them in Mandarin.Some have complained about noise from the trains. However, during my 6 night stay there in a room facing the railway tracks, my family barely heard the trains.The hotel is located to the west of the Beijing Railway Station. (Note there are several Railway stations in Beijing) If you are facing the railway station, go towards your left until you hit the traffic lights. At the traffic lights, turn right until you see the police station. The hotel is to the right of the police station. Beijing is a big city so it is best that you carry a map showing the location of the hotel to the taxi driver. You can also reach Beijing Railway Station by the Airport Shuttle Bus. There is a subway station right outside the Beijing Railway Station.Downside of hotel, if any, are that there are no lifts and breakfast is very basic. For westerners, the only familiar food is probably toast and diluted orange juice and coffee. But then, for 10 yuan, what can one really expect? Hotel is also located in a ‘hutong’ so expect the alleys leading to the hotel to be a little dirty. But if you have not seen a Beijing ‘hutong’, you have not really seen Beijing, have you? Have an enjoyable stay in Beijing and expect to do a lot of walking if you want to properly see the sights. The Summer Palace is not to be missed.	
May 27 2009	Bejing ZhongAn Inn: A Suprisingly Good and Inexpensive Hotel	As many other reviewers have mentioned, this little gem is situated in the center of the city and is very convenient for both Beijing sightseeing and traveling between city since the train station is 7 minutes away. The two bedroom suite we stayed in is roomy and, for the most part, well maintained. We stayed at the hotel for three days and the only problem we had was with a leaking shower, which they fixed, for the most part, (it still had a small leakage of water when we took long showers) as soon as they were told about it. It doesn't have all the amenities of a four hotel but for its costs, it was less than $75 for the suite, it is a bargain by any standard. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful with any requests and the breakfast for less than $1 each, while not the most delicious I have tasted, is at least filling and doesn't taste bad. I also enjoyed the free internet access, which has cost me $10 a night at other places we have stayed in Beijing. I would highly recommend the Zhong An Inn to anyone that doesn't need the opulence and luxury of a four star hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	Long-term Visit--Good Experience	I stayed at this hotel for a month while on an extended trip in Beijing. The experience was generally very nice, though it had its ups and downs. On the good side, the rooms were reasonably clean and bright, the staff was very sweet and helpful (with the exception of the girl who booked the tours who lived in her headphones and was perpetually and inexcusably rude), it was fairly inexpensive ($30/night), and the location was generally quite convenient (though there are NO restaurants in the area aside from a couple of fast food places). It was winter, so I took the subway each day (five-minute walk), but in nicer weather, it would be an easy walk to the Silk Market or Guo Mao or to Wangfujing or Tiananmen Square in the other direction. On the not-so-good side, the alley in which the hotel is located was rather disgusting and always wet, though it did not rain and snow once while I was there (which makes you wonder), the restaurant was terrible, and the hotel is, indeed, right on the train tracks. If you are at all a light sleeper, I highly suggest you ask for a room facing the courtyard. I began in a room facing the tracks and couldn't hack it. In addition, while the rooms are, as I said, reasonably clean, I agree with other reviewers who have noted the lack of effort in cleaning the bathrooms. The same hair that was in the corners of the floor when I checked in was there when I left a month later, and it wasn't mine. The shower also leaked like a sieve. I suggest putting a towel on the floor to catch the water.Also worth mentioning, perhaps, is that I started out in a suite because I knew I would be there for some time and wanted the space but switched to a double room after a couple of days. The double room was much smaller, but I preferred it. It was much brighter, the walls were painted in cheery pastels, and while I had originally had thoughts of staying in the suite in order to cook a few meals myself, the &quot;kitchenette&quot; was nothing more than a sink and a vent--no cooking apparatus, no pots, dishes, etc., so there is really no reason to stay in the suite, especially as one person.If you plan to stay for several days, you should ask them about their membership card. It costs Y200, but you save Y40 per night or each night you stay, and breakfast is included in your room rate with the card.On a final note, I noticed while walking around that this hotel has a second branch in Beijing behind Wangfujing (near the Dongdan subway stop). That location is much better, though I do not know if the rates are the same. You might check out that location as well before deciding which to stay in.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good location cheap and clean	This is a small hotel very well located withing 5 minutes walking distance from Beijing's main railway station and its subway station.The location is quite good but the hotel is located in a hutong and thus is hard to locate even by taxi drivers.Despite being in a hutong the area seemed safe and I had no problems. Having a nearby police station probably helps.I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in late December 2008.My room was on the 4th floor. There was no elevator and I had to carry my own bags so take this into consideration when booking a room.The rooms were clean and small though not tiny with more than enough room to place bags and to do some work on my laptop using the Ethernet Internet connection (cable supplied). The floors were wood (parquet) and clean. The bed was good for one though probably too narrow for two with a firm mattress and very clean sheets.The bathroom was tiny but everything was very efficiently arranged so that its size was not a problem. It had a western style toilet and a shower (no bathtub) as well as the usual amenities (comb, soap, shampoo, tooth-paste and brush as well as the usual discardable flip-flops in China). Everything was clean.The room had an LCD TV with only one channel in English (CCTV 6) but the picture quality was not very good.My room was non-smoking and there were no smoke smells in it.From my understanding there are 2 kinds of rooms: some face the courtyard while others face the railway. Mine faced the courtyard and I had no trouble with outside noise but I can't comment on the rooms facing the railway though the rooms did seem to be well insulated both acoustically and thermally.There was an electrical kettle in the room to boil some tee or to prepare some noodles (very common in China).Having stayed there in the Winter I can say that the water based heating was quite good though my travel companion did complain about it being noisy (I didn't hear any noise coming from it).There is a shop open until quite late that sells all sorts of items from water and snacks to lip-balm at reasonable prices that proved quite convenient and a restaurant that I didn't try.At the lobby there is a tour agency where I booked 2 one day tours. One to the Ming tombs and the Great Wall (Badaling) and another to the Summer palace, Forbidden City and Temple of Heaven.The tours were of average price with the first one with 2 &quot;commercial stops&quot; at a jade factory and a tea house and the second one at a cloisonet. We did get a fair amount of time to visit the places and the guide did speak understandable English. Tours are usually on a bus but on the second day the tour was on a car since only 2 people had booked it. My advice is if you can do things on your own do it but in case of some problem (in my case very cold weather) these are an acceptable second choice.The staff was friendly, efficient and spoke understandable English and understood my English with no major difficulties.Overall this hotel is quite good for a no frills stay and considering the rates it's very good value for money.Getting to the hotel can be problematic. Try printing the address in mandarin to show the taxi-driver or some other local.To get there, go to Beijing railway station, face the entrance (you should be facing South), turn 90 degrees to your left and move forward (East, Beijingzhan Dongjie). After the bus stop take the first right turn just before a large hotel (you will be facing South). At the end of this road you should see a police station (this is also a nice reference point to ask the locals for). Go there and take another right turn (West). The hotel should be located at your left side after walking a short distance. Just look for the green and yellow building.The address is ????????????????6? and the phone number [--].If you follow these instructions you should get to the hotel with no trouble.If you go to the hotel by taxi remember to demand that the taxi stops at the door (green and yellow building) because although the road is narrow there is plenty of room for the taxi driver to get to the door. I was dropped far from the hotel assuming it was just around the corner and with very cold weather adding to the disorientation that was not nice experience.You should also have a look at the hotel's website www.zhong-an.com.cn and at my pictures where I include a snapshot of the hotel's card.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great little hotel	This was a great little hotel, it far exceeded our expectations. We knew that our room would be small, but the use of space was very well done, we didn't feel cramped at all. Our room had one king size bed, a small closet, a desk, and a small table that had a tea kettle on it. There was also one of those folding camp chairs in the room ( a bit odd, but I guess just one way to save space). The bed was hard, but I've heard that they are like that just about everywhere in China. They had one hard pillow and one soft pillow. The bathroom had a western style toilet and a small shower (the shower did leak water but we just used the towels to sop it up and they replaced them every day, it really wasn't a hassle). They kept the room and the entire hotel exceptionally clean. The toilets in the downstairs lobby area were the squatter kind, so I would believe that some rooms do have those kind too. We weren't asked what kind of toilet we would prefer, I assume that since we are American they just gave a room with a western toilet. The front desk staff was very helpful with any questions that we had for them. There was always at least one person working whose english was great. They were always willing to help us with anything be it calling a taxi or suggesting a restaurant or even helping us mail things.  The breakfast buffet at the hotel restaurant was great, we tried to eat there every morning when we could. It cost 10 yuan a person and there was plenty to eat. The coffee was scary to look at but it tasted like those instant flavored coffees that were popular a while back, and sometimes the milk was hot, but overall it was very good and filling. They had vegetables, rice, eggs, breads, rolls, toast, cake, and more that I can't remember, but I would definitely recommend eating there. We only had dinner there once and it was good not great, but for the price it couldn't be beat. We found the proximity to the subway to be just perfect, it was only a 3-5 minute walk. The bus stop was even closer than that. I would recommend stopping in the airport at the hotel information areas and having them write the hotel name in Chinese characters, our cab driver still had to call someone to get directions exactly but at least he could read where we wanted to go.  Overall, we had a great experience with this hotel and would stay here again and we would absolutely recommend this hotel to other travellers.	
Dec 26 2008	Reasonable hotel	Beijing Zhongan Hotel October 2008 I stayed in this hotel a couple of months ago, it is within a 10min walk of the Beijing Railway station, which makes it ideal for most travellers. The room I stayed in although overlooking the railway track was clean and tidy. It was part of a suite for a family.  The bathroom though could have looked better, it did look rather grim and not looked after very well., the staff spoke english, and were fine. The hotel also served a western breakfast which was ok.	
Oct 12 2008 	good hotel for the price	I booked this hotel via www.elong.net (as they seemed to have the lowest price 220 yuan for a single) for my short trip to Beijing. It was easy to find per the directions in the other reviews. If you are coming by subway (which is very easy to do now via the airport express subway) leave from the Beijing Railway Station Exit C. As you leave that exit, just keep walking straight. The train station square will be on your right. You'll go under a pedestrian overpass and then pass some shops and restaurants on your right. You do not have to cross the main street there. You'll get to the bus station on your right and at the far northeast corner of the bus station (just before the back of a large hotel in front of you) make a right down the alley. You'll see the police station at the end of the alley. When you reach the police station, turn right and the hotel will be just steps away on your left.Front desk staff were polite with great English skills. No difficulty on check-in. They had my reservation. You do have to leave a 200 Yuan deposit for the room keycard. They do accept credit cards. I had a single room which was typical Asian size with a typical Asian hard bed. It was clean. They had both soft fluff pillows and the hard bean-filled pillows. There was a computer in the room for which I disconnected the internet connection and had no trouble using my laptop on their network. (I changed rooms later and in my second room there was no computer although they did have an internet connection and cable so I could still use my laptop). The bathroom was small but clean and useable. There is no tub and the shower leaked all over the floor (regardless of how I directed the shower head or what I did to the shower door). There was the obligatory comb, toothbrush, soap, and shanpoo. There is an electric kettle with green and black tea in the room, restocked daily. Towels changed daily. I stayed twice at this hotel and the first stay my room faced the courtyard and the second stay faced the railroad tracks. The railroad track noise is only midly bothersome. They have double windows to try and help with some of the noise but I could sleep through it even with the windows open. The breakfast is now 10 Yuan and is as described previously with mostly Chinese food (cooked and raw vegetables, edible but not exactly tasty sausage, fried rice, etc.). They also had hard boiled eggs and the chef an fry eggs for you. There was usually some fruit (watermelon, bananas, tomatoes) and a variety of buns (steamed and baked, sweet and savory). There was weak tea, some &quot;coffee-like&quot; product, milk, and weak orange flavored drink available as well as sliced white bread and a toaster. I did not try the lunch or dinner.Getting a taxi or getting help with local calls was no problem as the desk staff were always willing to help. The location of the hotel was good but could be better. Although there are some restaurants nearby, most either cater to the train travelers and are a bit sketchy or are ultra expensive in the fancy hotels nearby. There is much better fare available downtown. The proximity to the train station and metro stops is a plus. On the weekday mornings during rush hour I suggest walking the little bit extra to get on the subway at Jianguomen. The line to board the subway at the railway station line can be very long and they keep the nearby entrance closed so you must enter through the northwestern corner of the railway station square which is about as far as Jianguomen. Also know that Beijing Railway Station is not the main train station as many trains leaving Beijing will go from Beijing Xi (west) station. All in all a great value and good hotel.	
Oct 9 2008 	Comfortable	We are traveling with two children and woried about geting a family room. Stayed 4 days ( 06 to 10 Oct 2008) in room no. 1101 as suggested by other traveler. The room had two bed rooms and charged 468 CNY.The hotel is clean confortable. Front desk speak english and helpfull. On request restaurent served us vegitarian food in dinner. Location was slightly interior but very close to bus station and railway station. Unlike the earlier previews we found buses not so crowded. Took 10 no. bus to Tianam min Sq. and 122 to Temple of Heaven. Subway was closer and could travel arround the city with children with out any difficulty.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Bargain	I'm actually writing this on the computer in the hotel room. I am giving this an above average rating because for the $28 per night I got this for on Travelocity, you could not expect better. However, I am not completely thrilled with my choice and am going to move to a slightly more expensive hotel after my reservations expire. I should note that I am staying in the least expensive single room. The Good: Friendly staff, good maid service, computer with internet in room, more than 60 channels on flat screen TV (all Mandarin but hopefully you didn't come here to watch TV), wooden floor so no nasty carpet, good air conditioning, clean bed and sheets, relatively new toilet, and convenient location (near Beijing Train Station subway stop)The Bad: Bathroom is moldy, size of room (and doubles don't look much bigger), bed is hard as a rock (common in China), and it's a bit noisy.Expansion on the above: I sleep with earplugs on the rock hard bed and I have slept very well. The location is a blessing and a curse. Yes, it's near the train station and subway and it's down a hutong. But the Hutong is really nasty; you cannot get to the hotel without walking past a foul smelling public bathroom. The kids in the hutong are super cute, but this isn't the quaint hutong that some of the nicer traditional hotels are in. However, despite what your first impression might be, it's quite safe.So, in short, I'd say this is a great hotel for backpackers and budget-seekers. If I were here just to see the sites in Beijing for a few days, I'd think this was just fine. But for a longer stay, for someone who needs to do some business, this probably isn't appropriate.Finally, I should mention that I had avoided the hotel restaurant until today (thinking it might be a bit touristy). Today, I decided to give it a try. I've lived in both Taiwan and mainland China and thought the food was EXCELLENT. Definitely give it a try!	
Aug 30 2008 	Family friendly run hotel	We are a family of 5 whio have just returned from the Olympic Games in Beijing and stayed 8 nights in this great little hotel. After leaving Thailand in a 5/6 star hotel; we were rather worried as to what we would find in Beijing but were very happy with this great little place. As we have 3 kids we have to book 2 rooms in hotels but with the olympics in town this was unaffordable, this hotel however offered us a 2 room appartment which turned out to be ideal. We had heard all the stories of smog and no english spoken and surly taxi drivers but we saw blue skies for most of the trip, road signs and subways in English and taxi drivers as helpful as they could be. The staff were also great at the hotel and keen to pracise their English, best thing was the restaurant serving fabulous chinese food at a fraction of we pay back home. The breakfast was pretty basic with watermelon and toast being the main ingredients unless you can face noodles and what goes with them, no cereals,yoghurts etc and coffee served in a glass.....hey this is China. Being the olympics the hotel had a real cross section of visitors alll dressed in their national colours and we were so pleased we had not chosen some souless large hotel we loved all the characters on display and the camaraderie amongst us all, everyone swopping tips and stories with each other about how to get around what to see etc.The hotel is in a great location amonst the original hutong buildings which are rapidly disappearing as Being is sanitized. You got the option to walk through the hutong area whch we did most days and see how the chinese really live.....very basically!! but we were greeted with smiles and hellos from the children and as long as you made the first move to snile at the people they were very responsive and many times were rewarded with a &quot;Welcome to China&quot;.The only bad thing to say about the hotel was the hardness of the beds and the sand filled pillows.....but after an exhausting day you could sleep on anything.This is a great place to stay in Beijing very central for everything with great staff all eager to please.........thanks we had a great time.	
Jul 25 2008 	Zhong An a Great wee hotel	This little hotel was perfect for my travels within Beijing. I was bit concerned about tracking it down upon arriving at Beijing train station, however do not have any worries.I shall explain how to get there; from busy entrance to train station, proceed walking short distance in Easterly direction along Beijingzhan East street (Beijingzhan Dongjie), past bus stop to shortly reach Dayangmao Hutong road (red road sign).  Just turn Southerly down this side street and stroll down to police station at end. Turning right, Zhongan appears in your face. Can't miss the distinct green/yellow exterior !  Follow these simple instructions from main train station entrance.I have also determined their website, www.zainn.com, then select Beijing Zhongan option from list, of their accommodations. There is wee map to be found here, however I feel my instructions may be clearer.The hotel is near Metro subway Beijingzhan railway station and really is not far from main Wanfujing shopping street, Tiananmen square and Forbidden city to name but a few major attractions. Chongwenmen Metro station is also nearby. I believe the new line running from Capital (PEK) airport, will be operative prior to staging of Olympics.Meanwhile, hotel was Best Value on my Peoples Republic of China adventures. Their Chinese breakfast was extremely cheap and in general, I encountered no reasons to complain whatsoever.My room reminded me of 'student like' living quarters and sounds from the trains at the station, just outside didn't manage to annoy me too much.I would definately return to this wee hotel. It really is &quot; Zhong an (central) and super value &quot;	
Jul 16 2008 	What a great gem	I stayed at this hotel last week. I had read loads of comments regarding the hotel but still went with open mind. Hotel was absolutely great. It’s cheap, yet you have everything you need and more. The hotel is very central in Beijing. The restaurant and shop at the premises offer a great service and value for money. I had a single room that was clean, included free access to internet and television with 13 channels. Room was cleaned every day and the hotel was very tidy overall. My room was facing the inner court in hotel, so the noise from the railway station next to it couldn’t be heard. Staff was helpful and although English wasn’t spoken a great deal, they were still willing to go out of their way to help the guests. I had no problems communicating with anyone at this hotel. The buffet breakfast had everything you wanted, to Eastern or Western taste and the price was ridiculously cheap. The meals at lunch and dinner were equally cheap and very large size. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to explore Beijing at lower budget but with great service. You can also book trips to Great Wall and sightseeing tours around Beijing at affordable prices and they hire bicycles for guest for free, with a small deposit. Beijing is a great city with loads to offer to tourists. I would recommend hiring a bicycle for day for adventurous tourist. This was a great way to explore the city’s disappearing Hutong areas. I also went on a trip to Great Wall with a tour operator organised by hotel. I found that was great value for the money, as it includes other trips on the way to Great Wall. As a single woman traveller, I found Beijing one of the safest metropolitan cities that I’ve visited and travelling is easy with most of the street names/place names/directions and public transport in English. As the hotel is by Beijing’s biggest railway station, seeing the city by underground or bus is not a problem. Do make sure you have directions to this hotel written in Chinese as taxi drivers in Beijing don't speak English and hotel might be difficult to find.I will definitely stay in this hotel when visiting Beijing next time.	
May 11 2008 	Qute difficult to find but not so bas	We spent few days in Beijing in may. Thanks to a tripadvisor review printout, we reached the hotel.Hotel is clean but most of people working there don't speak English so it's quite difficult to ask for something.We booked by internet and when we arrived they gave us a room without window at ground level. We managed to change (without price increase) but we got a room without computer and a window on railways.	
Apr 1 2008 	Recommendation for Zhong An Hotel - Great Value Hotel	1. Travelocity had the best price for this hotel. It was more expensive on Orbitz &amp; similar sites.2. Great for the value - the rooms are compact but not tiny. Space is well organized. They are clean, the bed is slightly hard but comfortable. The rooms are equipped with computers that have internet access - a huge plus.3. Hotel staff is helpful and friendly &amp; every willing to help. 4. Location - A little hard to find but you can get here for RMB 16 (16Yuans) from the airport by bus. I would recommend printing the address in Chinese. The bus from the Beijing airport drops you off at the Beijing Train Station and the hotel is a short walk from there. Really easy to get around Beijing from here using either the local bus (tickets are 1 yuan) or by the Beijing subway (tickets are 2 Yuans.) Taxis are also very cheap.5. Things to look out for -- tours made at the hotel are subjective. I did not have a good experience booking a tour through the travel desk at the hotel. They use a company called Beijing Youth Travel Service. Our guide hardly spoke any English and it was a mixed group of Chinese &amp; English tourists - she primarily interacted with the CHinese tourist which is fine expect I thought I was on an English tour.6. I would highly recomment The QinChunJiaRi International Travel Service. I found them while walking around Tiananmen Sq. Our guide Leena was great, witty, articulate - in short she knew her stuff. If you have time I would recommend booking tours last minute through this company while you are strolling around Tiananmen Sq. on your first day in Beijing.	
Mar 6 2008 	Not bad for the price	We were lucky in that we had a competant taxi driver who phoned the hotel for directions when he was near the railway station. Bit of a worry when you start to go down small laneways. Reception - appears only 1 person was fluent in English and he was effecient, problem when he is not on. There was a change with the bookings so the other family we were travelling with and us shared an apartment type room, 2 bedrooms, sitting area and bathroom. Rooms were clean, no faults at all and the bathroom has a bath. It overlooked the railway line but the trains could not be heard and was good value for the price.Food cheap breakfast but limited unless you like pickled vegetables, coffee and tea was very weak. Dinner, was cheap but Beijing style of cooking is oily and even the Chinese members in our group did not like it. English is not spoken in the restaurant nor does anyone look happy. But food is also available across the main road, say 5 minutes away.Tour desk service was ok.I liked the surrounding hutongs and felt safe walking down them at night. It is well located to 2 underground lines and the main railway station.	
Feb 19 2008 	once you find it...it's ok	mom booked with airfare, hotel must pay alot for website.Very hard to find as no cab drivers speak English. The drivers have a difficult time with traffic around the train station.  Smoking still allowed in lobby and restaurant areas, so if that is an issue, be prepared. The public toilet in the room area lobby can be really smelly, but the rooms are clean. This is a NO Frill place to crash, and for only 5 nights it was ok.  Once you find it, the secret to getting to back is using Beijingzhan &quot;jon&quot; as the cabbies all know where the train station is.	
Dec 8 2007 	Not that great	I don't really get how this hotel has gotten so good reviews.Location: Not that good to be honest. It's better to live closer a subway. Rooms: Sure, clean, but nothing mote. Nothing but chinese channls. Staff: Can't speak englishBreakfast: horribleOverall: It's a hostel. I think it will suit you if you're a really cheap backpacker.	
Oct 25 2007 	mixed review	i stayed here for 2 weeks after booking it on expedia, based on its price and location. it's located by beijing railway station, which is near a subway stop and very convenient to get to the major atractions in beijing. it's located in a hutong, which may look undesirable or depressed to some people but i liked it- it gives you a more realistic picture of how many working people in beijing live. the staff were pleasant most of the time and enough knew english to be able to communicate with me. the single room was very small, no heat, and it had no minibar or frig available. it did have a free computer to use in the room, convenient to get a source of news and weather. the tv had one english language station with official state news on it. breakfast buffet was 67 cents, a great bargain!!! the hotel was clean, housekeeping was good, but the sheets had not been changed when i first got to the room. the hotel was quiet to sleep in, if you ask for a room facing the inner courtyard and not the train tracks. price was reasonable.	
Aug 6 2007 	Convenient Location Cheap Clean and nicer than expected!	As noted, this hotel is a little tricky to find. I printed the home page in Chinese and handed it to the cab driver. I also dialed the hotel phone and when they answered handed it to the driver. I speak almost no Chinese. It's easiest to get taken to the Beijing Railway Station. There is a 16 RMB Shuttle bus (about $2.25 usd) from the airport. A cab will cost you about 90-100rmb (around 12 or 13 usd). Once you arrive at the Beijing train station, if you are facing the front of the station, walk LEFT on the same side of the street as the train station. Walk a couple of blocks and when you get to a parking lot full of buses where you will turn right. Walk to the end of the street where you will see a police station. Take a right here and the hotel is on the left hand side.There are many Westerners staying in this hotel. I think each room has a computer with free internet (mine did). The room was small and clean (i got a single for about 35usd). The staff speaks English and is helpful. There is a travel agent in the lobby that can book you on a full day tour of Beijing, The Great Wall, score you tickets to an acrobat show, etc. The location is a couple of blocks walk to the subway which is almost right outside the railway station. A ride on the subway costs 3 rmb (less than 50 cents). An easy ride to Tianamen Square, Forbidden City and many other attractions. There is a breakfast that costs 5 rmb (about 75 cents). It's totally Chinese, but you may like it. There's a restaurant and cafe where you can order beers and sit in the courtyard. Very nice for 2 stars as someone else stated. Has kind of a youth hostel feel to it, but it's completely fine. You can't beat the price either!	
May 27 2007 	Not the best location	Stayed a few nights in May 2007, and found the location less desirable: many cabs, on showing the hotel business card, refused to take us there. If you have to walk to the hotel, many of the hutong alleys are quite smelly. Moreover as trains pass by the whole place starts trembling.Think there are better places to be found in Beijing.	
Apr 10 2007	Very nice for 2 stars!	We stayed for two nights in April 2007 in the Zhong'an hotel. As Scott said, it is difficult to find, and the street you have to go through to get there is not the most glamorous one. But it is very centric and the hotel itself is very nice, much better than I expected for 2 stars! Everything is very new. We got the room 1101 which is actually the two bedroom appartment. It had 2 big rooms, one with a double bed and another one with twin beds. Both rooms have a nice TV (although nearly all you can watch is in Chinese though), and it is not on the side of the trains so it is very quiet, had a great sleep! The bathroom is very nice and has everything you need, from shampoo to shower gel, plus toothbrush and toothpaste. The appartment also has a little table and chairs, nice for a coffee in the morning!The breakfast was not so great but it is only 5 yuan anyhow, which is around 50 euro cents.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great hotel once you can find it	First thing - know how to get to the hotel. If you catch the bus from Captial Airport, take Route 3 to the Beijing Train Station. When you alight, ignore the touts wanting to give you a lift on their rickshaw - I can tell you from experience that they will leave you stranded (but at least it will be near by).Head from the bus in the direction that the bus is facing and on the same side of the road that you got off the bus on. At no time do you have to cross the main road. As you follow the path, you will go past a couple of walk side shops and then finally through to the forecourt of the Beijing train station. This should take 2 minutes.Cross the forecourt staying close to the road. There will be people everywhere. You will be walking in an easterly direction. Once leaving the forecourt, keep walking past some shops and you will get to a bus interchange. Walk past this and you will see a road to the right. There is a sign post with blue signs in Chinese and then there is one of the bottom that is red indicating a Hutong starting with D (as I am currently staying in the hotel - I will get the name and update shortly). Take this road and follow it right to the end. As you walk along the road, on the left will be the back of the Marriot hotel (under construction at this time). At the end of the street is a police station - turn right at this point and the hotel is on the left just up the street. Green and yellow in colour.The hotel reception staff are friendly and efficent. They charge a 200 Yuan deposit for the room key. The key is a card like you get in major hotels that you swipe over the door panel to get in. The rooms are plain but have heating and aircondioning. The bathroom has a western toilet and towels are provided. There is no fridge.In the room I had there was a computer and free access to the internet, along with a TV. Only one station in English (a news station). The computer also let me download my digital photos and upload to a flash disk.The bed is hard, but you can't have everything. I was in a single room - not sure how much bigger the doubles are.Check on the view - I got a room overlooking the railway line. Could be a problem if you are a light sleeper. There are rooms that face away from the railway line. The window is able to be opened to get some fresh air.Like everywhere in China, you can not escape cigarette smoke. So expect to smell it in your non-smoking room. Try also to get a room away from the stairwells - again not a good option for light sleepers. There are no lifts, but the porter will take your luggage to your room.For the price, this is a great hotel. You can't go wrong.It is a bit of a walk to The Forbidden city, but you can catch the subway to it to save the walk.There are shops in the Henderson Centre across the road from the Railway station (cross the road via the foot bridge). A supemarket is also near by (Park and Shop) - in the building opposite the Hendersen Shopping centre to the east. When you cross the footbridge, turn right and cross the north / south road. Then head north and enter the shopping centre where you see Starbucks. Go one level down. It has everything you need.Hope this all helps my fellow travellers.Scott	
Oct 26 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 23 2009 	????????		
Sep 23 2009 	?????????		
Aug 28 2009 	per carità....		
Jul 17 2009 	???????????????????		
May 31 2009 	De nuevo perfecto		
May 4 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 23 2008 	???????????		
Aug 28 2008 	Economico e perfetto!		
Jun 15 2008 	Voll Zufrieden		
Jun 1 2008 	"der" Insider-Tip		
