May 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel would stay again.	Loved this hotel. Rooms were very nice, hotel staff so friendly nothing too much trouble for them.The swimming pool with the spa pool was an ideal way to finish a day sight seeing. The location is a staright walk to the forbidden city and square it will take about 15 mins. You will pass the wangfuing shopping complex on the way. Lots of shops, mcdonalds starbucks a great stop on the way.We ordered room service, good choice of western food if you have had enough chinese food, reasonably priced.Taxis to summer palace from the hotel was only 700 yen about £7! We hired a driver to take us to the wall really made our trip and only cost 800 yrn for the full day for all of us - about£80 in total, highly recommend this. Beijing is a wonderfully city, safe and easy to get around. If you have never been go, you will love it!	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Service Great Room Overall Great Experience!!!!!!!	Ok so I stayed here for 4 days and I recommend it to anyone who is visiting Beijing. It's very near all the main attractions and its a beautiful luxurious room. Also the service is fantastic and you can go downstairs to the basement to go swimming and to get pampered. Also the staff are very friendly and help out when they can. One thing I recommend is not to phone for a taxi using there service though as they charge you double than what a normal cab would cost as they hire out plush taxi's instead of your normal cab. It should only take 20 minutes to get to the main airport from this hotel and no more than 80 quai for the taxi fair. Anyway hope this helps. :)	
Dec 6 2008 	Quiet Hotel	Walk of 4 long blocks to subway station. Kind of inconvenient. Found out there are scheduled (every half hour) airport shuttle bus to - from Beijing National airport. Do not try to carry luggage taking subway which was told by this hotel. Email to this hotel was not answered. Room 508.Air conditioning does not work. Just blowing fan. Toilet water gets in very slowly after flash. Stain everywhere, carpet, lamp shade, Room service food is priced reasonable, OK and quick, but only a few selections. Our group stayed at 7 different rooms, all air conditioning are poor to deliver cool air.Room 709:Shower stall leaked water at every shower due to non-closure of rubber seals. Shower items, including lotion, soap, bath gel, shampoo, and conditioner not replenished each day. Room temperature remained constant despite attempts to lower degrees. Shower items were of excellent high quality, especially the hand lotion. Very nice complement of bath items offered, including sewing kit, toothbrush, paste. Shower bath gel dispenser on wall was difficult to squeeze especially for those people with smaller hands. Noise control in each room was excellent.Very nice swimming lap pool. Surprise, so quiet, no body use it.Very nice rec room down stairs too. Gym not fully equip.	
Oct 4 2008 	Loved the Xinhai	Absolutely loved this hotel. The room was gorgeous, the restaurant was excellent, the staff were friendly and very helpful and the location was ideal. The travel office staff were very helpful in organising a taxi for us to go to the Great Wall, even offering their mobile telephone numbers in case we had difficulties communicating with the taxi driver, how helpful is that? There is a beautiful swimming pool which sadly we did not have time to use, as well as a sauna, spa, 10 pin bowling alley, table tennis and a gym. Everything you could possibly want. All staff we met were very friendly and polite, desperate to help in any way they could. We felt thoroughly spoit the whole time we were there. Great location just 10 minutes walk from a couple of underground stations, taxis on hand the whole time. We couldn't fault this place at all.	
Aug 26 2008 	Surprisingly Good	Stayed at the Xinhai during the Olympics and was a little wary of a Chinese 4 star but was very pleasantly surprised.The Hotel is a modern well maintained property in a great location, clean and with large well appointed rooms.Jinbao Street is only 10 minutes walk from one of the main shopping streets of Beijing and the underground is less than 5 minutes walk away. In the street are a number of upscale hotels (eg the Regent), restaurants (eg Lei Garden) and car showrooms (Rolls, Ferrari, Maserati) which says something about the area. A new Mall is about to open in the street which will have many of the main upmarket fashion brands.The Hotel itself has some good leisure facilities (a very nice pool, 8 lane bowling alley, table tennis and 4 pool tables) which are reasonably priced and well maintained.The breakfast buffet is excellent.However, there are some annoyances, the lack of English of most staff makes communication difficult when things do not work, the bed is very hard (about as much give as a table) and only CNN and ANX English TV channels.All in all the Xinhai is a very good hotel for a 4 star but is properly classified as that and not a 5 star. Outside of the Olympic period, I am sure it offers great value for money.	
Jul 18 2008 	Best Valued Hotel in Beijing	I did a lot of researching before I chose a hotel in Beijing and I was impressed with the mostly good reviews of the Xinhai Jinjiang. The pictures looked good (but we know how sometimes they exaggerate) and the price was right. I have to say that I was greatly impressed as soon as I walked into the lobby of the hotel and further impressed when I saw my gorgeous room!I stayed for the long weekend and received nothing but excellent service from beginning to the end. The porter was always asking to help me with my shopping bags, the attendant outside always tried to grab me a taxi, the waitress was extremely polite and even the swimming attendants catered to my every need - even when I was the only one in the pool area. It was extremely clean everywhere I went. The hotel room was huge and comfortable. They had excellent complimentary items including toothbrush and toothpaste, razor, shampoo, sewing kit, etc. and they even had complimentary water. They had nice gorgeous, big comfy towels. My bed was turned down every night before I got back to the hotel room. I was in awe of how welcome I felt and how comfortable they made me feel.I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel. It is a service worthly of a Hyatt or Hilton but with a very affordable price. If I ever go back, I will not consider any other hotel. I am returning to the Xinhai. Oh, and the location was perfect. It was a 15 minute walk to Wangfujing Street and another 10 minutes to Forbidden City and Tiannaman Square. Perfect!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Hotel in Beijing	I stayed in the Beijing Xinhai Jinjiang Hotel twice, each time for two nights. It is a ten-minute walk from the north end of Wangfujing, Beijing's pedestrian shopping street. It is about twenty-five minutes from Tiananmen Square, which is off the south end of Wangfujing. It is in a mostly residential area with lots of good little restaurants on the street beside the hotel. The rooms are big and very comfortable. The bathrooms are somewhat lavish. The buffet breakfast is really superb (additional $20 per person per day). The hotel's huge swimming pool is spectacular. The hotel's staff in all departments is gracious, enthusiastically helpful, and very competent.	
Apr 9 2008	Total Disappointment	I had read such rave reviews on Trip Advisor about this hotel that I was really looking forward to staying here during our week long trip to Beijing. The hotel when it was new I'm sure was absolutely beautiful but now the rooms have seen much better days. They look run down and dirty. The bathroom had a massive stand up shower which was great for us but not very good if you value a good soak at the end of the day. They initially had booked us in a room right in front of the elevators so we asked them to change which they did, so that was positive. The hotel is right on the corner of a fairly busy intersection so don't expect to sleep in past 7, that's when the traffic gets busy and the horns get loud. We had issues booking things through the hotel....the concierge do NOT handle that job although some of them make you believe that they do. The hotel has a separate ticket office area where one of the ladies was extremely helpful for us from booking events to writing down destinations in Chinese. Very few of the staff speak fluent English but most of them will at leasty say hello. We had problems with the driver of the private car we hired for a day &quot;recommending&quot; a place to eat that charged us the foreigner price. We were extremely disappointed in that. We thought that by staying in a higher end hotel we wouldn't run into things like that but it seems that's not the case in Beijing. Always make sure Taxi drivers start their meter and always have the name of your hotel written in their language...even with a map they will say they don't know how to get there. The positive thing about the hotel is that it's within walking distance to the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven and the main Wangfujing shopping district. You can walk to the Yashow market if you're up to it but it's a solid hour walk. I think the main issue I had with this hotel was that it didn't seem to cater to very well to English speaking guests. I would recommend staying at a more global chain like the Hilton, Park Plaza etc. This hotel fell really short of what I was expecting....	
Sep 3 2007 	Great price for a great room	We booked one night at the JinJiang Hotel in Beijing, after searching hotels on Trip Advisor. The price seemed out-of-line with the other listings we had reviewed. Thinking that the price was too cheap comparatively we assumed there was some catch. We were very very pleased and shocked to find that not only was the JinJiang Hotel, a good value, at 850 RMB/night...it was a downright steal ! Our room was very new and clean with very stylish decor. The lobby is very lush with marble and crystal everywhere. Although a bit Las Vegas for my personal taste, you can't say it looked anything but expensive. We decided immediately to book additional nights for the remainder of our stay. The restaurant is pleasant, with a nice selection of standard andsome local foods. The price was somewhat expensive, since we did not book a room at a breakfast-included rate. Certainly a small issue to note, when the overall experience was positive. The staff were extremely helpful; struggling with their English, they made every effort to make sure that our needs were attended to.A great great value at the price we paid.	
Aug 7 2007 	All it still needs is a trendy cosy bar.	I have no idea at what rate I stayed in this hotel, but if it was really around $100 then it's extremely good value. Let me think very hard if there was something I didn't like..I liked:- lovely large room with huge flatscreen and prive pc- very posh bathroom (but hip)- amazing breakfast- pool, bowling, billiards, massages- location- helpfull staff- etc. etc.All I can really think of, is that it didn't have a trendy cocktailbar to end the day with your collegues/friends/partner..Recommended!	
Jul 27 2007	A very decent hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in mid-July 2007. I had planned on staying at the Park Plaza but they were already booked up as I did not make any prior reservations. As per the previous review, I also fly standby. However, we find this hotel to be a really good deal. The room was very spacious and comfortably fit 3 people. The service was excellent and the bathroom were very clean with lots of counter space.. It was about a 15 min walk to Wangfujing from the hotel. The only complaint I have is that management 'shuts down' the air-conditioning around 3am for a few hours. The fan is still running but I did notice a difference especially since it was summer and very, very humid outside. Other than that, I was overall very pleased and will consider staying there again.	
Jun 18 2007 	What a Lucky Find	We fly stand by so we had to book a hotel at the airport, which as it turns out is cheaper. I had not researched this hotel but the ones I had were not available so we went for it. How lucky for us, a beautiful hotel with great service. We were fortunate enough to have Rachel Wang, the assistant manager, help us set up an overnight trip to Jin Shanling by interpreting for us. I mentioned that date is our anniversary and less than an hour later she came to our room with a fruit basket and flowers with a Happy Anniversary note. Now that's excellent service!!! We also used their travel booking and business service center and all were pleasent experiences. I had read many reviews that stated problems with English not spoken and dirty rooms. None of that existed here. The rooms are beautiful, and the bathrooms are really nice and very clean. The entire staff was friendly and professional and went out of their way to help.	
Oct 12 2006 	Great place	Wonderful stay.Excellent western style buffet breakfast.American items on coffee shop menu. rooms spacious and comfortable. Staff friendly and helpful, ATM in lobby. Great massaging pool after a hard day of sightseeing.Easy walk to other restaurants and shops.	
Oct 4 2006	An excellent hotel in Beijing that caters for non Chinese	Stayed here with an educational school group from Australia. Very nice hotel, clean, modern, good facilities including gym, and 8 lane indoor tenpin bowling centre!! Foreign exchange facilities. Good breakfast selection - American and Chinese and food quality very good. 6 minute walk to the nearest Starbucks, or 12 minutes to KFC or McDonalds if you've had enough Chinese food by this stage of your trip.Also, many staff had a good command of English.Bedrooms a good size. Very hard beds (but then that is normal in China) but great pillows and continental quilts. Excellent bathroom/shower.Overall, first rate. Would definitely recommend.	
Nov 16 2007	Mucha apariencia pero.....		
Jan 15 2006	Un hotel splendide		
