Oct 11 2009 	A hidden gem	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the start of our holiday and again for 3 nights before returning to the UK. We chose this hotel as a change from the main chain hotels in Beijing which we have stayed in on previous visits.This is a lovely hotel within reasonable walking distance, through the hutongs, to the lakes Houhai &amp; Quanhai. The metro line is a short walk from the hotel and taxis are cheap and plentiful on the main road near to the hotel.Despite being in a very busy part of Beijing the hotel is exceptionally quite and peaceful. We had a suite on the ground floor (room 407). The bed was giantic but, as with most Chinese beds, quite hard. The pillows were the best pillows I have ever slept on and the linen was spotlessly clean as were the rooms.The lounge room furntiure was classical Chinese carved wood, gorgeous to look at but not the most comfortable to sit on. We had a computer in the room with free internet acess which was a bonus. The rooms and the bathroom were spotless. Due to the position of our room there was not a lot of natural light.Breakfast was included in our deal and was ok. The main problem was that some of the food was not hot, in fact somtimes not even warm. That said there was a very good variety and the staff were helpful and friendly.All the staff were very helpful and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't wish to stay in a tall, concrete block where every room is the same.	
Sep 23 2009 	All we were hoping for was there	I booked this hotel based on the reviews I read on Tripadvisor and I found everything I was looking for. The place is beautiful, clean and ideally located, close to the subway (which is very easy to use and gets you quickly anywhere in the city center) and to a number of lovely little restaurants where you can enjoy amazing dinners for less than 10 dollars. The staff is helpful and the frontdesk service impeccable: all of them proved to be attentive and exceedingly kind ( they helped us book restaurants and wrote directions in Chinese for us to show in case we got lost). Besides you get a very good exchange rate for your currency (much better than the one you get at the airport). We also booked from them a taxi service from the airport to the hotel. It wasn't cheap (150 yuan when you would usually pay 60) but we were extremely pleased with it. The driver met us at the arrival gate and we managed to check in without any problem 20 minutes after claiming our luggage - which is good after a 12-hour-long flight. The hutong location is fascinating and absolutely safe. We tried the dumplings place next door recommended by one of the reviewers. It doesn't look very inviting from the outside (the decor is indeed basic) but it is always packed with locals for a good reason: the food is delicious (expect to pay around 5 dollars for your meal).The computer (with free broadband internet) available in every rooms is also very useful.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great value for Money	Excellent room with own computer, great location close to sights, breakfast not great, service okay.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent character hotel	We were delighted with this choice of hotel. It’s situated down a Hutong and takes you by surprise on approach. The road is a bit scruffy but don’t let that put you off. The hotel is a quiet oasis and a short walk from lots of restaurants and the old Bell and Drum towers. The reception staff were friendly (in contrast to some reports that I’d read) and spoke good English. The hotel buildings are set around a tranquil courtyard. The bedrooms are a good size and decorated in Chinese style. There was a huge, comfortable bed. The room was very clean with a nice bathroom and a good shower. There was even a PC in the room for free internet access! The air conditioning worked although I would have liked it to be a little cooler.The breakfast buffet was decent and had enough western food. We ate at the hotel one evening and found it to be very good value.We found it easy to navigate our way to this hotel as it is on the edge of the Hutongs.I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Courtyard hotel in the hutongs	We stayed in a Deluxe Suite for the first several nights of our honeymoon. The room was very large with a bedroom, sitting room and 1.5 bathrooms. The bathrooms were large, modern and clean. The bed was very comfortable with a wooden canopy and red silk bed spread. There was a mini bar, a huge flat screen television and (huge bonus) a computer with free internet access. The staff were polite and even kept the restaurant open for us when we arrived 5 minutes before closing. The food in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast was average but I would recommend going outside the hotel for meals, especially down to the Houhai Lake area. We rented bikes from the hotel which was an adventurous experience. The only negative was the construction just outside the hotel on the road. Since the hotel is in the hutongs, the road was very narrow and we had to walk through the muddy construction to the main road to get a taxi. This hotel is a 15/20 minute walk north of the Drum Tower/Houhai Lake area.	
Jun 1 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel with good service	This hotel had character...genuine Chinese decor which was very pleasing, and a large campus, which we did not explore fully. The restaurant was very good, and everything we ate was well prepared and reasonably priced.There was always someone at the front desk who spoke excellent English, so there was never any problems of communication. The exchange rate offered for currency conversion was also very good. On request, they arranged airport pickup for 150 Rmb, which was a bit on the high side, but efficiently arranged (we managed the return airport trip in 100 Rmb quite easily by another taxi).They also arranged a taxi for the Great Wall for 600 Rmb, which again was slightly on the high side. We tried doing some flight bookings through their travel agent, but his quotes were very high; found much better rates on Ctrip. My only complaint is that the hotel seems to be trying to make too much money on the side by padding up taxi rates, travel agent fees etc.Their website says that they have a laundry room. I presumed that meant we could use the services of a washing machine/dryer. That is not true. They offer laundry services at prohibitive &quot;per piece&quot; rates, so beware.Location is central, but about a 10 minute walk from the Golou metro stop. Wish it was a little closer. Right in the middle of the &quot;Hutong&quot; neighborhood though.Overall good value for money in Beijing. Good rooms, decent prices, and overall quite comfortable. Oh yes, the free computer terminal in the room with internet was a big plus.	
May 22 2009 	A peacefull place in a very busy city	We booked a few nights in this hotel after our trip on the Transmongolia Express. Our travelagent tipped us and she didn't lie: Bamboo Garden is a beautiful hotel. It is in one of the socalled hutongs and it is extremely peacefull. And that is what you need after spending a day in busy Beijing. The staff is nice and helpfull, the rooms are very spacious, nicely decorated and fully equiped. Closeby are good restaurants and bars, shops, one of Beijings lakes.... even within walking distance.There is a computer with internet (ofcourse, so the government can keep an eye on things) in your room, which is very usefull.We had a very pleasant stay!	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent hotel	This was my second stay at the hotel - the first was in 2005 - and the hotel has only got better since. Rooms are beautiful and have TV and a computer with internet access.The bathrooms are well equipped and the shower was brlliant.The hotel is very peaceful and is located in the hutong not far from shops, bars and restaurants. The hotel restaurant serves lovely food at very reasonable prices - around £5 for a main dish. I have recommended this hotel to everyone I know who has travelled to Beijing and everyone has raved about it.	
Mar 31 2009 	The Very Best	This was just a wonderful experience staying at this hotel.The experience did not start out well as I arrived at night and the taxi driver could not locate the lane that the hotel is situated in. When the lane was found it was blocked by a truck and car so we had to walk with our luggage the last part of the lane.This was the only negative to our stay.This is a small hotel in a historic building. The room was excellentwith modern facilities looking out onto spacious gardens.All of the staff were very attentive and spoke very good English. Front office was very helpful and quickly attended to onward bookings, money changingand sightseeing suggestions etc.The only meals that I had at the hotel was breakfasts and these were excellent, freshly cooked eggs and bacon and a wide selection of both Chinese and Western Foods.The location of the hotel is great with a great number of restaurants very close by. A must try is the Le Little Saigon which is very close by and is an excellent restaurant providing both French and Vietnamese dishes.Nearby are both subway, bus and many taxis.It is convenient to many local attractions including The Forbidden City. A walk to the nearby lake is a must.This hotel is truly a hidden gem and I will return.	
Mar 6 2009 	Very convenient location for business!	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on business in Beijing. We love the hotel's location because it's very convenient for us in business or appointment with our dealers. Moreover, staff were very helpful during our staying.Highly recommended this hotel to everyone.	
Feb 22 2009 	Decent hotel	I stayed here for 7 nights in late November 2008. The room I wanted was actually booked so they put me in a suite for the same price prior to my arrival. The suite came with a computer which included free Internet access as well as free water. Service was average but being close to the subway was a plus. Felt safe in the area although the alley to the hotel gets dark at night. This isn't a &quot;must stay at&quot; hotel by any stretch so feel free to scout out other places.	
Feb 17 2009 	Awesome rooms great hotel grounds helpful staff DUMPLINGS!	When we passed the dumpling house and little &quot;bodega&quot; before entering the hotel grounds we knew we were in for a treat! Free internet was a delightful treat after being in Morocco, India, and Egypt the month before. The beds were super comfortable, very very clean room with a nice view of the courtyard. The grounds themselves were an &quot;oasis&quot; in the middle of this sprawling city. Had no trouble getting a cab to hike the Great Wall. There's a cool commercial district with shops and restaurants within walking distance (go to the right out of the little alleyway on the main street and down about 15mins). Oh yeah, the dumpling house that was next door was killer. 15 delightful dumplings for mere $s.If we had been able to have a room with 1 bed instead of 2, that would have been the only change we wanted. Definitely book.	
Jan 23 2009 	A quiet place to stay...	First of all we did have a hard time finding a taxi from the airport that would take us to the hotel because none of them knew where it was. We finally found a driver who was willing to try to find it and he called the hotel from his cell phone and took us directly to the hotel--no problem. The hotel is down a small alley lined with little stores and restaurants but is off a busy main street lined with restaurants and shops and lots of taxi's to take you where you wish to go. The subway is a short 10 minute walk from the hotel and will take you around the city even cheaper and as fast as the taxi's. The hotel was beautiful and comfy. Our room looked out over the gardens and the bed was very soft compared to other beds I have slept on in China. Free internet was a plus also (computer in the room). We only ate at the hotels restaruant for breakfast (a nice blend of Asian and Western food) for about 60 RMB. If you wish all the bells and whistles of a large hotel don't stay here--it's a small, quiet, friendly hotel that was a pleasure to return to each night.	
Nov 15 2008 	Very pleased with our choice!	We were just delighted with the Bamboo Garden Hotel! The gardens are lovely and our room nicely decorated and comfortable. We enjoyed our stay very much. The food at the hotel restaurant was delicious. Be forewarned, the first time you walk down the alleyway to the hotel you might think you've made a big mistake. You haven't! You will be very pleasantly surprised as to what awaits you.The ladies at the front desk are helpful and efficient, but not exactly warm or charming. Perhaps just a cultural difference.It is close to the subway and just a little way to the south there is a terrific park with lakeside eating choices. Wishing you a great time in Beijing!	
Oct 21 2008 	Memorable hotel	We stayed in Bamboo Garden Hotel during the Beijing leg of our China Tour primarily because we don't want generic looking hotels so much and we were not disappointed. It is located in the Hotungs and not very &quot;famous&quot; with taxi drivers but they were always helpful and we were able to go back no problem with help of the hotel card. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Simple service that feels genuine and none of those super trained 5 star hotel types. We went together with our 11 month old and 3 yr old kids. The staff were very kind and entertained them while we are waiting for some reception confirmation, taxi etc. The rooms are ok, clean with huge firm beds. My baby didn't like the crib they provided though( too small) so she slept with us. The huge bed was great!My 3 year old son loved the hotel so much. It's look, it's garden , with the blue birds and especially the red lanterns at night. Until now he still talks about the Bamboo Hotel and asks us to go back :)For my husband the best part is the massage. Really relaxing after a day of touring. The in room computer is also great as we didn't have room to bring our laptop with all the kiddie gear we had. There are several small eateries around but we didn't get to try them. The drumtower is also nearby and from the drumtower other places of interest are a stroll away. Definitely a good location especially if you love walking or biking around. We did not walk so much though with 2 kids in tow. But taxi was not hard to come by :)	
Oct 6 2008	Hello from Lee	I really enjoyed our stay in the Bamboo Garden Hotel and on my next trip in January 2009 I will also be staying again. Thank you very much for your kindness and the warm hospitality – especially the help with our visas! Ciao and kisses from the children!	
Sep 9 2008 	Perfect Hotel Oasis in Beijing!	Like a beautiful bamboo oasis in the middle of urban Beijing, the Bamboo Garden Hotel is an authentic, beautiful and cozy place to hang your hat. The asian inspired rooms are full of comfortable chairs, couches and come equipped with a computer, flat screen tv and meticulously clean bathrooms. The mattresses are a bit hard, but the super soft bedding more than makes up for it. The grounds of the hotel are great to explore and have a couple quaint ivy covered courtyards, red lanterned walkways and mini ponds w/ koi.The breakfast buffet is 60 yuan extra, but convenient and delicious! The front desk staff speak very good english and are very attentive. Tours can be booked through the desk, and money can be changed as well. The location can't be beat - five minute walk to the subway (which is definitely the best way to get around town) ...and a 10 minute walk to the hip part of town where all the trendy restuarants are popping up. We opted for the airport pick up &amp; the driver was right on time!I highly recommend the Bamboo Garden Hotel.. enjoy!	
Aug 20 2008 	Nice hotel in a nice area	Bamboo Garden hotel is located 5-7 minutes to Gulou subway station in a hutong. One can reach the bell and drum towers and the Houhai Lake in less than 10 minutes walking. Especially the lake is quiet nice with lots of shops, restaurants, public dancing and singing etc.The hotel is very quiet, there are some nice courtyards and lots of stuff to care about guests. Our standard suite for app. 800 RMB (close to the Olympics) was very nice, large and clean. It was equipped with a large flat screen TV with lots of foreign channels and a computer with broadband internet. Breakfast was very good but relatively pricey for 60 RMB. Small shops and a supermarket are around the corner.We especially enjoyed staying in a small hotel in a hutong area and not in a large chain-hotel, which seem to be located mostly at main roads with lots of traffic.	
Aug 18 2008 	Hotel History	I stayed at this Hotel a long time ago but would highly reccomend it. I chose this hotel because I had just read &quot;Claws of the Dragon&quot; by John Byron and John Pack., a biography of Kang Sheng, a high level Politburo member during the Cultural Revolution. If you are planing on staying here read this book for some facinating background	
Aug 17 2008 	A Beijing Getaway	The best part of this hotel is that it's not in the hotel district; it's located in a residential area in an old part of the city, a walled district known as a huotang. Also, most guests are independent travelers. We did not encounter any tour groups. The hotel restaurant is excellent and cheap. We had a semi-deluxe room, which was small but adequate. Bathroom was fine, lots of hot water. The air conditioner was loud and it took the staff a day or two to get the temperature right. Beds are hard as they are everywhere in China, but housekeeping put a quilt underneath the sheet for us. Service is great even when you can't find anyone who speaks English. We booked by sending Wendy an e-mail from the hotel website. She arranged our stay, and an excursion to the Jinshanling part of the Great Wall for 150 USD. Do arrange for an airport pick-up, about $25 to $30 USD. It's more expensive than a cab but you won't risk the driver not knowing where the place is. The hotel is close to a subway stop on a line that will take you to all the sites.	
Jul 14 2008 	Peaceful Oasis	I recently spent 3 nights at the Bamboo Garden Hotel with my husband and teenage son. The taxi driver struggled to find the hotel &amp; had to stop to get directions. As we searched for the hotel I was concerned as the area was run down and known as the hutongs. However, as soon as we arrived we knew we had found a hidden gem.The room was filled with authentic furniture and yet it had modern features. The hotel &amp; grounds were peaceful. We particularly enjoyed our visits to the Tea Room which had an underfloor fish pool. The staff were friendly and would not accept tips.We would definitely stay here again.	
May 22 2008 	A great small hotel	I couldn't agree more with Greystones 23 who took the words right out of my mouth. My wife and I also stayed there in April and the only thing I would add to Greystones comments would be that the hotel courtyard was also beautiful with the cherry and apple blossom in full bloom. There are ponds and waterfalls with goldfish, however I must say I did feel a little sorry for the few goldfish in the &quot; font &quot;. A Great little hotel and excellent value for money	
May 17 2008 	A quiet oasis in a noisy city	We stayed here for 3 nights in April 2008 and found it a little oasis in a melee of noise, smells and sounds. We would certainly recommend this hotel.The staff were friendly and laughed at our attempts to try to say hello and thank you in Chinese but did try to help with our pronunciations. The rooms were clean and decorated in traditional Chinese style. The duvets were silk and were warm and comfortable. A tea tray was provided and all bathroom extras were there. The food was excellent when we stayed for dinner as were the breakfasts each morning. We did have to teach the girl behind the bar how to make gin and tonics! We took tea on the tea terrace where we were served tea by the boy with the 'long spouted kettle'.Because it is in a hutong you have to pass the public toilet which can smell a bit but it all adds to the life of the city and one that might disappear quickly with the rate of new building in Beijing. The hotel is bordered by a block of flats that overlooks the garden.	
May 10 2008 	Bamboo Garden - perfect!	Family of four stayed at the Bamboo Garden Hotel. We booked two rooms and both were clean, modern, and lovely. My son spoke some Chinese and that was helpful with the hotel staff.We booked a driver through the hotel to pick us up at the airport - but he/she never arrived. Fortunately, our son met us at the airport and we took a taxi to the hotel - for a lot less than we were quoted by the hotel website staff.The grounds were magical - after sightseeing, it was wonderful to sit on the patio and drink a beer among the blossoms.Hotel staff was helpful, friendly and attentive. Rooms had flat screen TV's and computers with internet access. Each bathroom had soap, shampoo, toothbrushes, toothpaste among other things.The hotel was located down a hutong - with stores that sold food, beer, tea, etc. Each room had a fridge to eat left over goodies from dinners.Hotel was located near many places to eat - all of them wonderful - and most importantly - the hotel was only a few blocks from the subway - a great way to travel in Beijing.I fully recommend this hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Bamboo Garden Beijing a fantastic unconventional hotel	Fantastic experience. I frequently travel for business, but this time it was an holiday I took with my wife in China. In Bamboo Garden Hotel we found nice and kind staff, English is spoken. Western breakfast is available andThe internal restaurant is also good. The hotel was an old noble house of a former imperial minister. Clean, quiet, nice with a wide garden and internal relaxing sight. The hotel is situated in the hutong area, and arriving by taxi, entering in the small street inside the Hutongs, you could have some doubts about your booking...Don't worry: the area is absolutely safe and secure, and entering in the hotel environment you think you are entering in a small paradise in a different time. There you can feel the real chinese life, living in a fantastic environment.This hotel is different than the usual buiness or travel hotels, and we spent our days in Beijing in a non conventional excellent hotel. I recommended it to friends and, for sure, for my next time in Beijing I will reserve again in Bamboo Garden.	
Mar 16 2008	Liked this hotel but problems getting a taxi	There was a lot to like about the Bamboo Garden. Lovely rooms, beautiful garden, great location in the hutongs with a lot of character. And free Internet!The biggest drawback seemed to be getting back at the end of the day. We didn't have a car and driver while in Beijing, so we had our guide write out the name of the hotel (with directions) in Mandarin to give to a taxi driver. However, taxis didn't seem to want to drive to the hutongs, or to be clear on how to get there. One night we had four taxis refuse to drive us before we finally found one who would. And they never drove us down our hutong -- which I understand, as it was quite narrow -- but they never even dropped us off at the right one. Fortunately, the first night we showed the directions to a local resident, who was able to point us in the right direction, and thereafter we memorized how to get there!The food at breakfast and the one dinner we ate there were average.Although we liked many things about the hotel, I wouldn't stay there again unless I had a driver that I knew would take me back at the end of each day.	
Feb 10 2008 	Perfect welcome to China	The Bamboo Garden Hotel was a wonderful oasis of calm in the hustle and bustle of Beijing. I stayed here on my first trip to China, and I had wanted to stay someplace a little &quot;traditional&quot; and this ended up being the perfect choice. The courtyard and gardens are pretty, the facilities in general are nice, the restaurant is good (note the long-spouted tea kettles!), and while the rooms aren't luxurious per se, they are comfortable enough for the jetlagged body. I laughed when I read one negative review criticizing the hotel for not having marble floors, or soft fluffy towels, but give me a break ... this is China! If you want soft fluffy pillows stay at the Grand Hyatt--this is probably not the place for you. If you want a bit more of a traditional experience, and are a little more adventurous, stay here!A few other notes:- As others have commented, make sure you have cash on hand to pay for a taxi into town (the taxi is not associated with the hotel, so it can't just be added to your room fee) ... the airport has an ATM, so I'd recommend using it before heading into town, but the hotel will also change money.- The hotel is located very close to a subway stop ... Beijing's subway is a cheap, easy way to get around town.- Make sure you have the hotel's name in Chinese and a map in case you can't find your way back (but that applies to all hotels in China).- I have seen mixed reviews about the front desk staff ... personally the woman that helped us during our stay was very helpful in arranging activities like the Beijing Opera and transportation (we took a night train to Xi'an from Beijing).	
Feb 7 2008 	A very good choice.	Bamboo Garden BeijingAn excellent choice. Delightful buildings set in beautiful courtyards in a hutong. Location excellent - two blocks to the metro which delivers one to the Forbidden City. Rooms excellent with a free computer. Very good restuarant and plenty of cheaper ones with an easy walk. Organised an excellent vehicle, driver and guide to visit the Great Wall.	
Nov 7 2007 	Favorite hotel in China	I just returned from a trip to China and have to say that my stay at the Bamboo Garden was my favorite. The neighborhood was safe and so interesting to wander around in. I t is just two blocks from the drum tower and a block from the subway station. The room was lovely and the gardens delightful. I enjoyed the restaurant very much. If you want a hotel with a true Chinese feeling to it, this is the place. I can't say enough about the staff who were so helpful and friendly. I was a single woman and felt very safe at the hotel and in the area. Communications with the hotel were promptly responded to and my request for a non smoking room was honored.	
Oct 17 2007 	The perfect getaway in Beijing	What a pleasure to spend the last evening of a two-week whirlwind trip around China on the grounds of this lovely, peaceful hutong hotel.Our flight back into Beijing arrived late at night, but hotel staff was there at the airport ready to receive us and whisk us away to the hotel. Check-in was efficient, and bellhops were courteous and quiet. We were taken aback by the beauty of our room. We had asked for a room with a garden view. Before our eyes were beds covered in lovely Chinese-red comforters, beautiful traditional Chinese furniture, our own computer with internet access, an immaculate bathroom, and windows opening to the garden. We spent a peaceful night and morning in the room and then enjoyed a short stroll across the grounds. Far away is the chaos of Beijing. You're in another world at this hotel. We enjoyed lunch at the hotel restaurant. Tea served from a long-spouted pot, table positioned on top of the transparent floor through which we could see the green pond, courteous service, and delicious food: Eight Treasure Tofu Pot, Bamboo shoots with mushrooms, Sweet and sour pork, and Beijing-style noodles. We loved this meal.We would go back again and again to stay at this hotel. In fact, it is on our list of places to revisit in China.	
Sep 13 2007	Nice origional hotel	Very good hotel for its three star rating. The staff is very friendly. The neighbourhood is not so exciting, but it's near the Beihaipark, so you can walk to that. The room is beautifull and the garden even so. A pity is it, when it is raining you can not sit in the garden.You have free internet, but when your computer has a hardware error you can not use it. The have to repair it, but they didnot came.	
Aug 26 2007	Oasis of peace and gardens good location nice rooms	Bamboo Garden has an authentic feel to it as soon as you step in, so we were surprised to find the flat screen TVs and in-room PC with fast Internet access (which I'm now using to write this review).Cons: room could be a bit cleaner (quite a lot of dust in ours), and the aircon doesn't really work that well. Breakfast isn't a highlight and not really recommended.Pros: rooms are full of character and comfortable, and it feels like you're staying in the real China (my perceived one, anyway). Location is close to old Beijing quarters and I'm pleased we didn't book one of the characterless tourist traps.The grounds and gardens are beautiful and peaceful. Overall we felt it was good value, a good location and a nice environment.	
Jul 27 2007	A secret joy	Like others we had a problem when the car &amp; driver we booked with the hotel to pick us up from the airport didn't show. &quot;Problem&quot;, they said &quot;between the sales desk and reception.&quot;. Hmmm. Fortunately it was late at night and a government taxi from the domestic terminal only cost 70 rmb - 50 rmb less than what the hotel wanted.  Also, as we never found a taxi driver that spoke ANY English, we were dropped off at the wrong guesthouse on this little lane. (Confusion over &quot;Zhu yuan&quot; and &quot;Ju yuan&quot;). So wandering down an unlit laneway at midnight, we were so very pleased to finally see the treasure hidden behind a tiny entrance gate. Once in our room, it was fantastic. The rooms had recently been redone, and the view from our ground floor window was as if we were in a huge park or garden. No noise from nearby reconstruction reached inside (double glazing perhaps), and despite the ferocious summer heat, the room was always cool (maybe a touch too cool).  Our bed was very firm - the Asian style - but I noticed a nagging back ache suddenly disappeared. Very surprised to see the computer with internet provided free in the room, along with the flat screen LCD TV with cable. Not many English channels, but we enough to find the weather and headlines. Room rates were higher than expected - a recent rate hike I expect. At 880 RMB we expected more of a suite, but we enjoyed it so much we didn't complain.  The staff were helpful but only if asked. Otherwise they would sit back and do other things until you were ready. We preferred this than always being bothered. Any time we did ask, no matter how trivial or small they jumped to it. Their English is barely passable, so a little Chinese will always help. Only had one breakfast in the restaurant (40RMB) which was a mixed buffet of Asian and Western (continental) plus a cook that would whip up eggs. The meal was certainly good, but we preferred the hutongs in the early morning where we could find Pork Buns for 7 1/2 jiao (0.75 RMB), and lovely spinach rolls (5 jiao). It was certainly great to be right in there with them rather than the marble palaces in downtown. We bought beer (pi jiu) from the shop next door for 2 or 3 RMB and keep them in our fridge for our return after a hard day shopping in the heat! Fabulous. Occassionally splurged and had a beer on the restaurant terrace to sit and enjoy the garden and its lighting. Got a simple but adequate haircut next door for only 10 RMB. The hotel arranged our car and driver to the Great Wall at Simitai - probably dearer than it should have been at around 600 RMB, but we couldn't be bothered trying to bargain through the official tourist agencies. Just told them the night before and it was there at 6am. Finally, the main streets nearby are mildly interesting but not hugely westernised, so don't expect a wide choice of meals at 3pm. Not a lot of shops, though the Drum Tower is very close, as is the subway and several bus routes. Take a shortcut through the hutongs to get quickly to the Hou Lake for a bit more of the hectic bars &amp; cafes, tourist shops and wonderful scenery. Overall, the Bamboo Garden was like a prize we loved to return to each day out. The serenity was a secret joy that restored and revitalised us our entire week stay.	
Jul 8 2007 	Shaky start great hotel	My first impressions of the hotel were not good - I'd booked the hotel's driver to collect me from the airport but was surprised to be asked at the hotel to pay the driver directly in cash rather than the cost being added to my hotel bill. I just had enough Chinese money with me to pay the driver. The hotel website said they offered currency exchange services so I tried to change $NZ but they wouldn't accept it, so &quot;limited currency exchange&quot; would have been more accurate - unless you have something like $US you're out of luck. The staff member I dealt with through this was not overly friendly or helpful.I had no problems from then on. The setting is great, very peaceful. I was shown to a lovely single room (411) full of character, with a fabulous bathroom and free internet access; later I booked an additional night and got a double room (416) which was just as good - no internet - but had a bit of drain smell in the bathroom - which as I later discovered you get in character hotels here as part of the package and is no problem if you close the bathroom door. The beds were the most comfortable of any I slept on during my trip.I ate a few dinners in the hotel restaurant and the food was OK - breakfast buffet just adequate - but also try the local street vendors and dumpling shops. Restaurant staff spoke very little English. I didn't try their spa; if you go left out the main gate and explore the hutongs you'll find the blind massage place - awesome - 2 mins walk. Make the most of the fabulous location.Most staff here speak limited English but are helpful. Ask them to write down your destination in characters to show taxi drivers, and also ask them to write in characters the hotel name and driving directions to it, as taxi drivers can never find it.This hotel was excellent value for money and offered a good balance between character and comfort.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great hidden gem	We arrived in the evening and the street you drive down is a little ominous in the dark! We asked to see the room before signing in and had a pleasant suprise. The clerk had said the room was chinese style which put us on our guard. The rooms appear to be recently remodeled. It may be Chinese style but has the western touch's of home. Flat screen TV with some english speaking stations. A nice sitting area for tea on your own private veranda overlooking the courtyard. The view to the courtyard is reminisant of a mountain scene. The staff is very friendly and wants to please. The food is good and the breakfast is western style, while lunch and dinner has the Chinese menu. This was a nice place to finish out our trip to China. &quot;AAA for the money&quot;!	
Jun 19 2007 	A taste of old Beijing	We stayed there for 4 nights for a vacation. The best part about this hotel is its classic lush Chinese garden. Especially dining on the restaurant patio, which has a beautiful grapevine cover and a nice view of the garden. It's very relaxing to have a meal or a drink there. The hotel is not exactly comfortable, if you are used to the amenities and services of 5-star conference hotels. The bathroom is too small and they only provide couple very thin towels. The location is fairly good. It takes about 10-15 minutes to walk to the nearest subway station, which is absolutely faster and more efficient than taking a cab. Most guests are older tourists that travel in groups. Although the place is very much a novelty to foreign tourists that want a taste of old Beijing, I don't think I'll choose there again. There are plenty of old Beijing to see in the city while you are out during the day. I would rather come back to a hotel room that has comfortable bed, nice linen, and big marble bathrooms equipped with high quality shampoo and large, soft, fluffy towels....stuff Bamboo Garden does not provide. We booked a small suite with 2 twin beds for $680RMB/night, but they just increased their rate this spring. The same suite would be more than $1,000RMB.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great place to stay	Hotel was brilliant. Good location away from the real hussle and bussle of Beijing but still close enough to get to everywhere easy enough.Tube only a 5 min walk away and good links to everywhere you want to go and if not taxis were always easy to hail down.Room was nice and large and very comfortable with everything you could ask for and with a nice view over the garden. Staff were really helpfull too. If you're after a trip to the great wall we booked ours throught the Youth Hostal just round the corner and couldn't fault it.Make sure you have the hotel written in chinese symbols for when you first arrive as it is a little hard to find being in the middle of the Hutongs.Loved the hotel and love Beijing. Would stay again in an instant.	
Mar 5 2007 	Perfect!	Couldn't be better! Will go there next time for sure.Excellent location (far better than the crowded and not interesting center of the city). Flawless service (the staff helped us in every respect from arranging trips, maps &amp; directions, taxis, and even currency exchange at the bank rate)Beautiful and consistently clean rooms (the traditional chinese decor make it a great experience).No need to look for any other hotel. This one is perfect.March 3rd 2007	
Jan 31 2007	a Great escape!	oh, the tea house! oh, the gardens! oh, the wild vines growing over the roof of the outdoor restaurant! we adored this place and will be staying there again when we return to china this august.we had been booked into the novotel peace hotel in beijing when we first arrived, because we were on an adoption trip and i was very paranoid about having a safe IN the room (for cash, important papers etc.). well, after two days in a hotel that was fine enough, but could have been anywhere, we switched over to the bamboo garden. just driving down that long alleyway, past hutong where people were actually still living and working as in old times (so many of these are being torn down in favor of gleaming skyscrapers as olympics 2008 approach), you just felt like you were getting a taste of the real beijing. we had hired a guide who kept us running around like crazy all day, and when we got back to the bamboo garden, it was like weight literally flew from our shoulders and we were light again. i was able to put all my important stuff in the hotel safe behind the front desk, and all was well.if you don't stay at this hotel, definitely stay at one of the other hutong hotels. they are simply beautiful and magnificient. (the beds were twin, though, a la lucy and ricky, so be prepared for that!)	
Oct 25 2006	Great place to stay!	We loved staying here on our vacation in October 2006. Its much more of an experience than staying at the bland Western-style hotels in Beijing. The best things about the place are the big, peaceful courtyard in the middle... the reception staff speak good English, the bar is really nice with a little waterfall in it with fish swimming around, and the location is great, 5 mins walk from the subway station. I'd really recommend using the subway. Its much less stress than having to deal with Beijing's taxi drivers. On our vacation we had two bad experiences with taxi drivers who charged us 3 times the proper price for the journey. After that we stuck to public transport and found it really easy.A few people have mentioned that the Bamboo Garden has hard beds. To be honest, we actually found them softer than a lot of the hotels we stayed at in China.There dont seem to be many travel websites where you can book rooms at this hotel, but we booked by just emailing them thru the address on their website. Its standard policy for most Chinese hotels to completely ignore any email enquiries they receive, but I found the Bamboo Garden respond to enquiries really quickly during their office hours.If I go back to Beijing I'd definately stay at the Bamboo Garden again.	
Oct 13 2006 	Lots of character in a nice location	I stayed at the Bamboo Garden in early September for 4 nights. I was looking for a place with some character vs the usual 5-star properties, and Bamboo Garden fit the bill. My room was one of the standard suite rooms, with a front room containing Chinese-style furniture and a TV, and a bedroom with large (and somewhat hard) bed, new TV, and the A/C unit. The bedroom faced the front alley but was very quiet. The bathroom was small but functional and clean. There were a few issues but they didn't bother me. Your response may vary. The front room isn't the kind of place you'd want to sit and relax as the furniture is a little too severe. Some of the plaster on the walls near the bathroom was a little soft and showing signs of moisture damage. The hard bed would have been a concern if I had stayed longer, but I took sleeping pills the first few nights to help get over jet lag and really didn't notice.The best aspect of the hotel is its location in a Beijing hutong on the north side of the city. It is a 5-10 minute walk south of the Gulou subway station, down an alley off the main street. It is an old-style courtyard building, with some rooms in a newer-looking building on the inner courtyard (I didn't see these). Since it is not a 5-star hotel the prices for breakfast, Internet access, laundry, etc. are not unreasonable. The location means you are have lots of options. I ate several times at a dumpling place just down the alley from the hotel. They have an English menu probably because they are used to tourists from the hotel eating there, but mostly I saw Chinese eating there. There is a youth hostel a 5-minute walk south on the main street which has 10-yuan per hour Internet access and relatively inexpensive tours on offer. Another 5 minutes or so south is the Houhai Lake area with loads of restaurants, bars, and a few historic sights. I had a delightful day just walking around the hutongs and lakes. Being on the north side of Beijing it is relatively easy to get out to the Summer Palace and Great Wall. Taxis are cheap but traffic can make it difficult at times to reach other areas so I usually took the subway to get close and then a taxi the rest of the way.If I return to Beijing as a tourist I would stay here again. For a business trip, especially if my destination was the CBD over to the east, I would probably pick a 5-star property closer to my destination instead.	
Aug 26 2006 	Wouldn't stay there again		
Jul 6 2006	Simply Delightful		
Jun 24 2006 	Great sanctuary		
Jun 4 2006	Nice Garden		
Jan 8 2006	Peaceful; Decent for the price		
Nov 15 2005	We loved this hotel		
Jul 19 2005	Bamboo Garden for Traveler (not for Tourist)		
Apr 29 2005	Great hotel not so great location		
Apr 26 2005	Traditional		
Nov 17 2004	A neat bamboo garden questionable location		
Jan 31 2009 	????????????		
Nov 17 2008 	El precio que pone es una estafa		
Jul 4 2008 	Un trésor		
