Nov 12 2009 	Old but still very good	Sure the hotel is more than I think 20 years old, but it is still very good. The rooms are large and comfortable. Most important clean. Beds are comfortable.Internet was fast, Skype and iChat worked great.Food in the cafe shop is good and fortunately a lot of western foods.The really great thing is the location. Close to the airport and quite close to the centre of the city and every taxi driver knows the &quot;Lido&quot;.One thing I was missing, was an electric plug next to the bed, so that you can recharge the mobile phone etc next to you.	
Oct 28 2009	Plush 	I have mixed feelings about this one. I seriously do. I was on a company incentive trip and was given this hotel to stay so i did not have a choice. I was first given the room 3414 - please don't ever take that room. It was so warm! There were no windows on ... except for a fake window that was actually a lightbox. And during Oct, they said the air blowing out of the air vent was all warm, even if u switched on the &quot;cool&quot; button. One of the air vent wasn't even blowing out air. I kept waking up in the middle of the night because i was perspiring. I couldn't take it any longer and requested for a change. They said all the rooms were blowing out warm air as it was centrally controlled but thank goodness i changed to 2417! It was nice cool air and sleeping was a breeze.Things i liked:- Bed / Comforter/Pillows : really comfy- Iron and Ironing board provided. Toiletries provided were not bad.- Service at the reception- Variety of international TV channels- walk to the back of the hotel - Lido place where there was Starbucks and Watsons. U can go to the Starbucks for internet instead of paying for it at the hotel if u just need it for while. From there, cross the road outside opposite and walk straight - the taipan massage place is really good!Now comes the part of housekeeping that was really the turn-off for me. (1) i came back to the room after they did housekeeping, despite them saying that they would only clear bath towels that are left in the bathtub as part of their environmental efforts, i left mine at the door hook but everyday they just cleared my towels and gave me fresh ones. So much for me trying to &quot;save the earth&quot;.(2) I didn't mind reusing my shower cap but everyday they threw away the shower cap i hung and put a new one.(3) I put my own toiletries at the bathtub area for my easy access to them whilst bathing but they shifted it back to the sink area everytime i'm back! can't they just clean up without shifting things all around?(4) then when i used their hotel shower gel only once on one of the days, they threw it away for me when they came in and did not replace my shower gel. they also threw away my shower cap without throwing away. When i asked them about it, they sent someone to bring these 2 items but the guy brought the shampoo instead of the shower gel. when i quickly opened up my door to hopefully inform him in time, he nodded and said ok....but i waited for the next 15 mins and had to call housekeeping . the guy forgot!!(5) There were 2 nights i requested &quot;do not disturb&quot; for the day however i realised in the night that they still came in anyway ..... i honestly felt that was very rude and despite informing them for the 1st night that i wanted to make sure that they understood what &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; meant, it still happened the 2nd time!!overall, this brought the tinge of disappointment because it was not as if there were language barriers that could result in this.lastly, as i stayed there for 5 nights, i wished that the breakfast had a little more variety. it was very routine despite the good spread of variety. that got really boring after a while.	
Aug 26 2009 	Wonderful hospitable people fascinating town	The Patio restaurant had a choice of A la carte or help yourself buffet - which was good value at around £13. Same applied to breakfast with a mixture of Western and Oriental food. The leisure facilities looked great, but the hotel also has various shops and other restaurants + bank and supermarket. A town in itself. It was not situated up town however, and took 20 mins to get to Tian Anmen and about the same to Olympic Park.	
Jun 25 2009 	Fine place to stay	This was the best place I have stayed in on all my trips to China put together. There are just so many things to do here, shopping, eating, there's even a post office. Comfortable rooms and warm courteous staff made the stay worthwhile.	
Jun 9 2009 	Ok hotel. Not fantastic and not bad either	Stayed here for 6 nights in the first week of May because this was the recommended hotel as it was near my work location. My flight arrived late and the taxi driver dropped me off at the office tower, which I then had to figure out my way to the lobby. I followed someone who appeared to know where he was going and found myself at the lobby after about 3 minutes walk. Why didn't the cab driver drop me off at the hotel lobby entrance?? Strange.Check-in was smooth and didn't have much interaction with the staff after that. Walked myself to the room which was on the 2nd floor. Room is fairly spacious but the furnishings appeared pretty old. I found out later that this was the first Holiday Inn hotel in Beijing. Clean though and I didn't smell any cigarette smoking leftovers. *yuck*Internet was charged by the minute up to a maximum of CNY120 for a 24 hour period. It doesn't take long to hit the maximum, btw.Concierge was pretty helpful and always got me a taxi in no time at all. :) Didn't seem to be much around the hotel and I wasn't too keen to explore the area at night as there appeared to be lots of &quot;questionable&quot; activities going on out there.I guess this is one of those &quot;ok&quot; hotels which don't leave a mark in my memory but it was comfortable nonetheless.	
Apr 24 2009 	Decent Hotel	I recent stayed at this hotel at a special rate of 398 CNY per night plus 15% service charges for 6 nights. Overall the room is decent, it is getting old. The purpose of my visit was for business.As a business traveller, there were the biggest factors in choosing a hotel1. Laundry - very efficient and no extra charge for same day return as long as they pick it up before 12 noon. They can even turn it around in 2 hours for extra charge, very convenient for those needing pressed clothes for first day of the meeting.2. Internet - I thought the cost of the internet connection was fairly expensive, maxing out at 120 CNY per day. This can add up to be quite expensive.3. Location - I picked this hotel because of its proximity to my office. Beware that if your office is in Chaoyang district, it is a very big district and this is on the outer edge. It is not near any subway or large malls. The location is probably its biggest drawback.Overall, if you must be staying at this location, then it is a decent choice, otherwise, pick something closer to downtown.	
Apr 20 2009 	My first China trip	I was recently in Beijing China on a business trip. Holiday Inn Lido was nearest the preferred hotel to my company's office.I stayed in the hotel for 3 days and 2 nights.First thing it was not very far from the airport. Costed me around 57 CYN for taxi including the toll. It was 20mins drive and the taxi drive had no difficulty in locating the hotel though he didnt know English. Checkin was very quick and I was glad that finally there was someone at the checkin desk who knew English.I opted for King size room and it was decent though some of the furniture was looking little old.The bar was well stocked. The TV in the room had fewer English channels.Dining options were good. There is a coffee shop Patio in the lobby. Pig &amp; Thistle English Pub, Thai and Indian Restaurants.Overall I enjoyed my stay in the hotel. Attached to hotel was the Lido place which was quite vibrant through the day.	
Feb 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel for long term stays	I was very fortunate to have stayed at the Hotel Lido for three and a half months during the Summer of 2008 while working on the Olympic Games In Beijing. I stayed in one of the Suite Towers, in a two bedroom, two bath apartment that included a full western style kitchen, dining and living rooms and full laundry. Quite simply, I felt at home. The entire hotel staff was friendly, courteous and helpful without a fault. The hotel compound had nearly every ammenity a person could want, including a variety of restaurants, a deli and grocery store that carried western foods and beer, wine and liquor. There are a number of wonderful restaurents within a short walking distance and a shopping store right across the street named Susans where you could find nearly everything the Silk Market carries. While the hotel is not located within close walking distance of Beijings major site- seeing locations, they are only a short taxi drive away (15 to 20 minutes). I never spent more than about seven dollas US on any cab ride and I went everywhere. There was a large number of my Colleagues staying in the hotel with and virtually everyone was extremely pleased. The hotel staff was always more than willing to take care of any little problem that arose and did so quiickly, efficiantly and to everyone's complete satisfaction. I highly reccomend this hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	Beijing in the summer	Coming from one of the hottest places on Earth (Rio de Janeiro) I thought I could handle high temperatures. How wrong was I. Words cannot describe what Beijing is like in the summer. So any attempt to describe this hotel is tampered by the overwhelming memory of discomfort I felt throughout my stay in Beijing for the Olympic Games. If you're considering a trip to Beijing, I can't stress enough how important it is to avoid visiting in the summer.Regarding the hotel, it's true that this is not among the newest constructions in the Chinese capital and it lacks charm. But it has its qualities: is conveniently located near the airport, there are a lot of stores inside and around the hotel complex, and the staff go to lengths to help you any way they can. There is even a bowling place here.To be honest, I have stayed not in the regular hotel rooms in the main tower, but in the full-sized three-bedroom apartments in the adjacent towers, so I can't really talk about the main tower. But If I were to return to Beijing, besides avoiding summer, I would probably stay somewhere closer to Sanlitun district or the Ho Hai lake area, which are more interesting for tourists.This hotel, however, is home to the single most interesting and tastiest vegetarian restaurant I have ever seen, the Pure Lotus.	
Sep 24 2008 	Disappointing	I usually explain to friends that the typical Holiday Inn in China is much better than in North America. Well, this one is not. This hotel is obviously outdated and needs improvements. I have stayed at various hotels in Beijing and this is the one that offers the less value for money. You can get much better for that price. The breakfast buffet was ok although not great but it is expensive. The good thing is there is a Starbucks in the complex.I could not get the air conditioning to work properly and it was freezing no matter what I did to the thermostat. The bed is not very comfortable and in general you feel like you are in a Holiday Inn in America, I guess this says it all........	
Sep 7 2008 	Exec floor - or go somewhere else	Fortunately this was business travel so I stayed on the Exec floor-as I have done numerous times over the past few years. Except its proximity to the airport, the Exec floor is the best thing about this hotel - the rooms are fine, the lounge is good and the staff are very friendly and efficient and speak good English. However the rest of the hotel does not merit its star rating. It definitely needs the revamp which is imminent - as the building work next door testifies. The hotel used to be good - but not any more.I'm especially critical of the hotel-owned food outlets. The Texan restaurant is now appalling. The house singers have been there for years and do an unintentionally good job of making it easy to get a reservation - it was empty whilst I was there but service was still slow and the food nothing to write home about. Its lack of popularity is not surprising when the Endura restaurant is immediately outside the hotel and has atmosphere, is reasonably priced and serves good food.The bars - Pig and Whistle (loud music and old men and young girls) and the upstairs bar (a very unattractive lady asked if I wanted her to sit with me) are not suitable for the happily married.Avoid - The Sheraton just down the road is far better.	
Apr 28 2008 	Clean simple and "near" the airport	This hotel is a basic level hotel. My room was huge and looked to have been recently remodeled. It was clean, the bed was comfy, and the shower was decent. The bathroom is a typicaly small hotel bathroom. The hotel is apparently one of the closest to the airport. That means it's not very close at all. There are plenty of cabs and the hotel does offer a car service to the airport that you can charge to your room. The hotel restuarant was a buffet dinner. There are also several restaurants in the adjoining office building. We ate at a local looking place where the food was quite good. Beijing, during the week days, is an expensive place. For the price, this Holiday Inn was worth it. Nothing fancy; just basic comfortable lodging. If you have an early flight, it's a good place to stay.	
Apr 19 2008 	Overpriced with poor customer service	In my opinion this hotel is overpriced for Beijing and has some big problems. The first room we were given , even though we were paying , or rather my husband's company was paying -$250US a night was half-facing a wall, facing cold north so was very dark and was next door to the chamber-maids &quot;room&quot; . We were duely woken up at 7am the next morning listening to the chambermaids ' chattering. We were moved , on request, to a brighter room on 3rd floor but the chambermaids had no concept of the &quot; do Not Disturb&quot; door sign and sound-proofing was such one was woken at 7am every morning to the sound of other guests' doors closing! The gym/pool is the other huge problem - most of the clientel are paying membership locals and not guests so it's always busy with lots of familes/kids. Not really what you want after a busy day working or sightseeing. Not a restful experience and definately not worth the money! And the bar was hideous and they do not allow you to run a tab against the room - it's cash or credit card on the spot? Not very 21st century and certainly not very American.	
Apr 15 2008 	Airport hotel	Technically speaking, I can claim to have been to Tokyo, I guess, but the only thing I've seen there is Narita Airport. Similarly, I've been to Beijing, and although I got out of the airport there, the only part of Beijing I've seen is the Holiday Inn Lido, which is almost the same thing as not having visited at all. Not that there's anything wrong with the Holiday Inn Lido, not at all. If you are in transit through Beijing or have missed a flight connection, the hotel is a convenient and comfortable place to spend the night before resuming your travels. If you arrive into Beijing late in the evening, like I did, it will cost you less than 50 yuan (about $6) by cab to get to the hotel. If you arrive earlier in the day, you may be able to catch the hotel shuttle, which runs every couple of hours and costs 35 yuan each way. In either case, the hotel is 15 or 20 minutes on the tollway from Beijing International Airport. According to the hotel website, the Lido is the first HI property in China. It's beginning to show a bit of age, but is still a decent enough place. After a couple of weeks in less-popular areas, however, I was shocked at how expensive the hotel was - my room (arranged through a travel agent) was nearly $200 per night. I strongly suspect there are better deals available out there. Price notwithstanding, I don't have much to complain about. After a blessedly low-key cab ride from the airport, my checkin at the hotel was similarly uneventful - my reservation was on file, the reception clerks spoke excellent English, and I was ensconced in my first floor room within a matter of minutes. I had a spacious room with king bed and a western-style pillowtop mattress. After two weeks of sleeping on ultra-firm Chinese style mattresses, I really appreciated the softer mattress and bedding provided. Other features of the room included a work table with Ethernet internet access (for a fee); a dresser; 25&quot; TV with numerous English channels and HBO; an upholstered armchair; and a large but rather dated bathroom. The bath was functional, with a tub/shower combination, spacious counter, single sink, western-style toilet, and lots of complimentary toiletries. Towels were plentiful if rather threadbare, and the whole room was in need of updating. Consistent with my experience in other Chinese hotels, my room was scrupulously clean, even though it showed obvious signs of wear. I had a rather overpriced draft beer in the mezzanine-level lounge, and breakfast the next morning in the lobby restaurant. A hallway leading out of the lobby connects to the Lido Place, a shopping mall that includes a number of specialty shops (jewelry, Belgian chocolates, handbags), as well as at least three restaurants (a Texas-style steak house, Indian, and Thai), a rowdy, hooker-filled pub (The Pig &amp; Thistle), and, of all things, a bowling alley. I strolled through the mall but didn't avail myself of any of its amenities. Checkout was fast, accurate, and unremarkable, which makes it sort of remarkable for China, where many of the simplest transactions are burdened with an abundance of paperwork, bureaucracy, and inefficiency. The Lido was entirely reminiscent of a western hotel, not only in its efficiency, but also in its overall generic amenities. It's a place that will not challenge even the most US-centric of visitors, with its western-style decor, its almost-American menu, and its cordially professional service. Only problem with the place, in my opinion, is that it's just the slightest bit boring - if I want to stay at a hotel like this, I certainly don't need to travel all the way to Beijing.	
Apr 5 2008	Best hotel if you want to be near the Airport (4 star)	MY TRAVEL STYLE: I hate business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the “wow” experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Good if you want to be close to the airport (about 25 minutes away with no traffic). Bad if you want be close to tourist sights.BEST WAY TO GET THERE: Taxi from the hotel TO the airport was 70 Yuan including tolls. I think we got ripped off by taking the hotel taxi. If you are going from the hotel to the airport, I would try one of the taxis that hang out just out front of the hotel (but beyond the hotel driveway).TYPE OF ROOM: Standard.BED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Bed is soft (especially for asia). Sheets were of above average quality but nothing special. Hotel offers a pillow menu for your choice of pillow type. Our down pillows were very comfortable.LIGHTING: Fine in both bathroom and bedroom. BATHROOM/SHOWER: Shower has excellent water pressure and the temperature is consistently hot if desired.TOILETRIES: Very good, perhaps worth taking back home.CLEANLINESS: Room and bathroom were clean.A/C: This was the biggest issue with the room. It’s March and cold outside. The room would get too warm to sleep and the A/C wouldn’t get the room cold which made it very difficult to sleep.STYLE OF ROOM: Nothing special, just average. Probably nice many, many years ago. 1970’s table next to the bed with old school light switches needs to go… now. Bathroom looks remodeled but not done that well. Good average 4 star looking room.QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: Our room was quiet with the occasional neighbor slamming their door. We were never at the hotel during sunlight hours.FOOD: Never ate at the hotel but saw the breakfast buffet in which the selection looked quite extensive.TV/INTERNET: TV was new enough but not flatscreen. At least 10 English channels with several movie stations available. Internet is available in room at a cost (I think it was 190 Yuan for 24 hours or a separate per hour/minute fee).SERVICE: Didn’t use the hotel beyond check-in/out. COMMON AREA: Good 4 star hotel lobby, probably 5 star many years ago. Very nice to have so many restaurants (starbucks, baskin-robbins) and shops sharing the hotel’s common area. There is even a bowling alley and post office there. Even though I was on vacation, staying at this hotel made me feel as if I had a business meeting or conference to attend.ROOM &amp; CITY TIPS: Definitely the place to stay if you want to be airport close. According to my research, there are hotels closer than this to the airport but they aren’t very nice. We also stayed at Hotel Kapok in an incredible location, with a price half of this hotel and a room that was stunning (see my review). I think this hotel is very overpriced, but if you want a touch (and I mean just a touch) of luxury and want to be close to the airport and away from tourist sites this is a good choice.	
Mar 8 2008 	Very nice hotel with all necessary amenities	I stayed at the Holiday inn Lido Beijing for a week and found it to be completely different from other Holiday Inns I have ever stayed inn. This hotel is a 4-star property and has many amenities, such as a large gym, immaculate pool, sauna, beauty center, shops, etc. The rooms are quite simple, but comfortable and impeccable in terms of cleanliness. You are also provided with a robe and slippers. We found restaurants to be quite good - you have a choice of buffet, vegetarian, indian and thai. You can also order room service.You are about 15 minutes away from downtown, but the cab will cost you $2-3. The area is extremely safe with guards and policemen everywhere (this is also the case in the city).You have many English and also 2 French channels on TV (in addition, to Chinese, of course).All in all, I found this hotel very comofrtable and the service just excellent.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfectly Adequate	We stayed here in August 06 as a family of 4 2 kids 6 and 9. The hotel is fairly close to the airport a bonus after a long overnight flight which arrived early in the morning. I was surprised when we arrived to check in at 7.00am they had a room for us which was a bonus. The 1st room they showed us was no smoking and appeared to have been recently refurbished to a good standard. One problem only 1 small double bed not much good for a family of 4 ! Eventually we were put in a room with 2 double beds - this was an older room which had not been refurbished but was perfectly adequate and no smoking. The hotel itself is some 40 - 60 minutes from the city centre but cab fares are cheap. As we were jet lagged and tired for the 4 nights we were there the lack of ease of access to night life was not a problem. Breakfast was buffet style with an excellent choice and overall very good. One of the best we have ever had.The hotel had good leisure facilities and a nice big pool ideal for the kids to unwind after sight seeing.Close by to the hotel was a good selection of shops and restaurants both local and western. Part of the hotel complex included a starbucks if you so fancied.Overall a good choice comfortable with pleasant staff and the bonus of an early check in the morning of arrival. The only down side being distance from the city centre.	
Nov 27 2007	After 12 nights it was very comfortable	Just returned from Beijing accompanying my husband on his business trip. I arrived 3 days prior and was in my third room due to cig. smoke problems when my husband arrived. That said, I got to know housekeeping and I can say wholeheartedly that they will accommodate you in any way possible. The front desk put me in 2 old smoking rooms (which said nonsmoking but still stank) as I was not my husband and the Priority member so I kept moving until I was on the the BusinessClub floor in the Nonsmoking section which we had reserved to begin with. My name is different and not the member so they didn't treat me as such and we had problems paying at the end being charged twice for my first three nights. That was confusing. But they are renovating the rooms and the one on Business Floor was updated and fresh flowers in the room. But the smokers still smoked in that section as I could smell it in the mornings when they opened the rooms to clean. The hotel location was great because it was not so busy surrounding area and more local. I'm glad we weren't downtown as I enjoyed walking in the tree lined neighborhoods in the area and seeing local people where there is also a park and going into local shops. I did take a tour from the hotel and it was perfect. I loved the Lido and the staff especially in Housekeeping. After being there 12 nights it was like home. The problem with the smoking is that the smokers take the nonsmoking rooms because they don't stink like the stench of cigs. and then they smoke and the hotel does not protect the nonsmokers like they should I felt. I suggested they charge their credit cards a big cleaning fee like in the USA.Holiday Inns and Marriott chains. And I wrote that as a suggestion and complaint. The complex had everything you needed and the shopping across the street was good to bargin and plenty of places for feet massage etc. The Lido knows they have competition and working hard to rennovate and improve and every person was kind, and helpful. Yes we would certainly stay there again rather than downtown. Their heart and intent is great customer service and it was a very busy hotel but still it was quiet and Housekeeping was very attentive to make sure everything was all right.	
Jul 27 2007 	Staff couldn't do more	From the doorman to the cleaners - the staff are fantastic. A great western holiday in a bustling eastern city. The range of food is amazing. Regardless of which country you are from I am sure you will find foods to your taste. The Buffet breakfast caters for everyone. The restaurant in the evening has fantastic chinese food and great western choices. A swimming pool, bowling alley, deli, shops etc.	
Jul 24 2007 	Worst Holiday Inn in Beijing	The Holiday Inn Lido is by far the worst of the Holiday Inn's in Beijing. It has been there since the 80's and it seems like it has never had a makeover. The rooms are worn out and the hotel looks very old overall. The hotel bar is one of the worst hooker joints around. Some restaurants are excellent, especially the Indian. Priority Club elite status is honored.	
Jun 22 2007 	Service is Very Very Poor	I've stayed at this hotel several times between 1999 and 2006 and seen a steady decline in service. The location is convenient to the airport and the lido complex is nice in having a good grocery store (with OK wine), very good bakery/deli, and a bank of China. The rooms are very comfortable.However, the service is very uneven and if you have problems, their service in problem resolution is terrible. I recently was given a very smoky smoking room (even though I reserved non-) and they intially refused to change rooms. They then moved me to a room with 1 bed (I reserved 2), and finally put me in a different smoking room. They were difficult through the entire process. This is just 1 example of the indifferent staff. It's true that back in the day this was one of the few excellent hotels in Beijing. However, now there are dozens of much better hotels in this price range with similar and better amenities. I stay at the Kempinski now and will not be back to the Lido.	
Apr 16 2007 	Better than US holiday inns	Stayed here at the end of our china trip b/c of it's close proximity to the airport (~45 RMB). The hotel is part of the Lido mall/restaurant complex. Overall, it is more sophisticated than the typical holiday inns found in america. The entrance is grand and everyone (front desk, concierge, doormen) speak excellent english. The rooms are standard. Rooms are large. If you need adjoining rooms for kids, this hotel is equipped with them. Good selection of television channels. The breakfast buffet cannot compare to other 5star hotels but it's adequate. Probably more western options than chinese/asian. The hotel contains about 4 distinct restaurants: thai, indian, BBQ, veggie only, and a starbucks. The surronding area has some dining and nightlife options as well, but these seem geared to the foreign tourists. It can't compare to staying in the heart of downtown beijing such as Wangfujin. This place is popular with airline crew members. The hotel can book all tours and offers a free shuttle (preset schedule) to the Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square area. Alternatively, a taxi will cost about 40 RMB. Overall, it's good 3-4star hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Good place for American travelers	I've been to the Holiday Inn Lido about 20 times over the last several years. I don't know if I actually stayed in October of 2005, but I've been staying there since 199.This is not the best hotel in Beijing, but it's pretty good. It's the closest nice hotel to the airport, which is really nice when you're entering the country - especially if you're just spending the night to catch another flight to go further into China. It's nice if you want to stay away from all the traffic in the city center.At one point, this was advertised as the largest Holiday Inn in the world. It's got all the amenities that a Westerner might need in China - international restaurant, steak house, Thai restaurant, Indian restaurant, Italian restaurant, two bars, bowling alley, hair salon, pool, exercise room, doctor, overpriced shops, a Baskin-Robbins, and a Starbucks. Plus, you can walk just one block and get your knock-off purses and DVDs.	
Oct 2 2006 	Fine but not great	Just stayed two night at the Lido. It is basically fine and convenient for the airport and for the many new businesses springing up around Chaoyang. Rooms a little old fashioned and WiFi costs rather steep. Didn' t have time to check out all the retail therapy available. If you are suffering from Chinese culture shock this might be a good place to feel you are back in a fairly Westernised environment.	
Jul 18 2006 	Impolite Receptionists	The five star hotel has lots of facilities but does not have the 'Service' that a Five Star hotel should have offered. During the check in time, a number of receptionists were standing there but nobody gave a simple smile. They didn't explain where the breakfast would be served neither. Then when I asked to do some exchange of Canadian dollars to RMB, I was treated like I have committed a crime because they didn't recognize the bill I gave them. It was again an ATTITUDE problem. Instead of admitting not knowing the bill and request the customer to wait and check on their file (they have a whole files of typical bill), the receptionist just said gave me a &quot;new' one. This one is no good. (Well, but I know the bill has no problem) And then when she finally looked it up after I complaint, she started to exchange as if she was doing me a big favour! There was no apology, nothing! I really doubt any five star hotel can tolerate that kind of staff attitude. On check out time, once again, they were completely inefficient. There were 3 receptionists standing there with only one guest checking out ahead of me. They completely ignored me until they completely finished with that one guest before me with no smile and without asking me to wait at all. With the price they are charging, no way this is a Five Star hotel service!	
Jul 1 2006	Yuck.	The Holiday Inn, Beijing was an horrible hotel. When I first entered the hotel it smelled of smoke. You are allowed to smoke in the lobby. The door to the Holiday in is quite fancy but it traps the smoke in which makes matters worse. Getting to your room is quite difficult because of the long corridors. The lift is tiny and lots of people try to squeeze in. The 'gym' is on a platform next to the restaurant and the people eating at the restaurant can watch you work out. The staff are not that friendly and when you ask for an extra pillow or something it takes them hours to get it for you. The restaurant serves food that only animals should be eating. I regret choosing this hotel to stay in. DON'T STAY IT IS HORRIBLE!!!	
Dec 8 2005 	Everything works well - recommended	I stayed on the executive floor and the room was spacious and everything worked including the broad band. Lots of convenient restaurants and handy for the airport.	
Dec 5 2005 	Good for me	The Holiday Inn Lido suited me very well. On arrival I was not surprised, thanks to previous posts, to be ‘up-sold’ to the Executive room but I was ready for this and I got full value through soft drinks, breakfast, and laundry to justify the extra cost. It was particularly useful to put my suit in for pressing express on a Sunday afternoon. I would probably not have managed this in my fatigued state without the Executive desk support. It is confusing though to be given the upgrade price in USD when everything else is in local currency. Later I found that up-selling is a national skill practiced at every opportunity, the Lido hotel is quite mild in this respect.Porters and Concierge were good, I’m not used to these luxuries. The hotel had everything I needed on site apart from my meeting locations. There are several restaurants, although signage could be better, a big pool and a lot of shops. I found the Patio Restaurant competent with an extensive buffet and there was a pianist every night. The Texan was satisfactory with very good live music from a local duo who sing Country and Western then popular classics like The Boxer very well. There are more restaurants upstairs towards the bowling alley. The lobby’s upstairs bar has become a smoking room. Having read the comments in other posts I didn’t try the Pig and Thistle.The 2 most useful shops to me were Nick’s outside at the back where a young lady sold good value China tea and crockery and Jenny’s across the road as mentioned by a previous comment. Jenny's is worth a visit just to watch and listen to the haggling over prices. There is also Tom’s CD shop (20 Y or 2 pounds for a double). A travelling companion also recommended the DVD shop. Jenny’s in particular seems to be a favourite return haunt as many of the shoppers had clearly been before on previous trips and valued having this shop in the locality.A taxi down town takes about 30 minutes mid morning and costs 38 Yuan on the meter(5 USD, 3 GBP). Coming back at 6 pm will take an hour (30 minutes of the first 45 is waiting time) and the cost was 46 Y. You can find taxis to return from town by looking at one of the downtown hotels, I didn‘t find a taxi rank. Tips are not expected. I was very pleased with the taxis. You can easily get a taxi from the airport if you walk out to the front, this will probably be about 150 Y including a road toll fee, or you can book someone to meet you and show you the taxis for 300 Y. For the extra 150 they hold up your name, walk you to the door, and hail a cab. There is a hotel shuttle to downtown but I couldn’t make the times. There are daily tours with China Tour Service from the lobby every day, to places like the Great Wall and the Forbidden City. These were excellent, they pick up from the Hilton and other hotels as well.Hotel website pictures are accurate.A good hotel for the busines traveller.	
Sep 26 2005 	You find better around there!	The &quot;Lido&quot; lives from its reputation as one of the first international hotels in Beijing back 20 years ago. Then still in the fields around Beijing... The core of the hotel rooms is pretty old, the rooms are old-fashioned and every time I stay there, I think, this particular room needed refurbishment long ago. The traffic situation around the hotel is terrible, but the hotel cannot be blamed for that.Finally I was very much annoyed due to their &quot;reservation policy&quot;: on several occasions by telephone they quoted only superior rooms at higher prices. Arriving there to check-in, that very room category was not available and they offered the much simpler and cheaper rooms - which were actually required by telephone - or an upgrade inside the compound´s business apartments. Foot walk 10 minutes included...The management eplained that with &quot;misunderstandings&quot; - however, if three different persons, Chinese as well as foreigners, call there at different times and always receive the answer &quot;only more expensive rooms available&quot; - which finally were not! - then, what shall I call that?Besides: just across the street is a very acceptable and inexpensive Chinese hotel situated, down the street is another international hotel (formerly known as &quot;Harbour View&quot;).	
Apr 26 2005	Nice hotel even had optional Lively? entertainment.	6 nights March 05, Very well organized hotel, you get a map with all the tourist locations as part of your key holder. It has the locations listed in English and Chinese so you can just show it to a Cab driver to get around. Rooms and resturants are very good. I wouldn't recommand the Texas steak house, Pricey and Beef is not like USDA approved. Across the street is a small clothing, purse, backpack and silk knockoff store called &quot;Jenny's&quot;. I bought coats and purses at prices I could not duplicate at markets throughout China for the next 3 weeks. If your intrested in &quot;Fresh Young Meat&quot; The Pig and Thistle English pub on the bottom floor is alive with very attractive and friendly Chinese ladies. Some speak english.  As I walked in the second night I told the crowd of 15 at the door that my traveling companion was &quot;Rich and Horny&quot; 4 of them carried him to the bar.The conversation was safe and fun and you can leave alone with no problem.	
May 23 2004	Convenient hotel great restaurents	I had stayed at the Lido for the last 7 or 8 years and always found it very comfortable, a nice home away from home. Over the last year or two I have been staying at the Hilton which is not as close to the airport as the Lido. The Lido has MANY restaurents for all tastes, I still find myself eating there sometimes even if I don't stay there anymore. They have a great steak house (US steaks), Italian upstairs, friendly pub too. Many tourists stay at this hotel which makes it a littel busy at times, but it is very large so you can stay out of their way.Closest western hotel to the airport, about 15 minutes, but be warned, the cab drivers don't like making the run from the airport after waiting 4 hours in line. The meter will only read 30 rmb, but give them 50, heck it is only $6.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nichts zu meckern!!		
