	Great Location Great Staff Great Value for Money	My parents and I stayed here during their visit to China and we had a fantastic time. The two most notable aspects of this hotel are the service and the location.The location is excellent both for walking and taking the subway - which is great if you don't speak much Chinese because the subway can be a good backup plan if you can't get a cabbie to understand you or if you tire of Beijing traffic (which you will). The hotel is practically on top of Dengshikou station on Line 5, only a few stops away on the same line from the Temple of Heaven and Hongqiao Pearl Market. It is also walking distance to the Wangfujing Shopping Street and the Donghuamen Night Market. Technically it is walking distance to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City but its not a short walk, especially if you have already been walking around all day. There are a couple convenience stores within a 2 or 3 blocks for snacks, etc. also. The neighborhood appears sterile at first (nice hotels, department stores) but there are some interesting hutong streets also if you walk around a bit.The staff at the hotel were excellent, especially at the restaurants. The concierge was very helpful in making bookings and arranging tours as well as giving directions. For some reason they recommend taking a taxi as opposed to the subway everywhere but maybe that's because they didn't trust me to get around on my own in the subway - its really quite easy so don't hesitate to take it even if they tell you a cab is their recommendation.The rooms are nice and the beds and pillows are comfortable. All the food we had was good - particularly at the steak restaurant (on our break from Chinese food night). The gym is also well-equipped and larger than I expected.My only complaint was that rooms on the street side of the hotel are pretty noisy. Although they have a nice view if you're sensitive to noise I recommend you stay on the courtyard side.For the money I can't imagine you could find a better hotel in Beijing. The rate we found was at least US$100 less than any of the other five star hotels I looked at.	
	Wonderful	I had stayed at the Peninsula on my two previous trips to Beijing. I decided to try the Regent this time because it was about $100 a night cheaper and the suites looked wonderful. It was true! The suite was the nicest we have ever had - even two bathrooms! The President of Korea was there for a short time during our stay - security was tight - in fact, everyone was on our floor. We had the club room option and it was also wonderful. The only thing I found different from the Peninsula was that the staff did not have a good grasp of the English language. It was difficult at times to get our thoughts across. All in all it was a fantastic bargain and I will stay there on my next trip.	
Nov 14 2009 	A Fine Choice for Beijing	Prior to booking this hotel, I was scheduled to stay at the Westin Chaoyang. This would have been a free stay as I have a ton of Starwood points. However, the reviews were mixed and the more I thought about it the location seemed really inconvenient. Also though of staying at the Hotel Kapok, as it had a great location, great price and modern design which I like. However, I am a serious swimmer and wanted a pool, so ended up staying at the Regent Beijing, largely based on the good reviews on these boards.It turned out to be a good choice. The location was top notch. About a 6 minute walk to Wangfuging shopping, and about a 20 minute walk to the Forbidden City. Despite what others have said on these boards, I believe that location is really key in picking a hotel in Beijing. While the subway is efficient and cheap, they are extremely crowded and can be unpleasant to ride. Taxis are cheap, but Beijing traffic can be awful. So, it is a real bonus to be able to walk to many attractions. Plus if you do have to take the subway or subway, your will tend to have a shorter ride (with the exception of the Summer Palace) if you stay at the Regent. Note that there is a subway (Line 5) adjacent to the hotel. It doesn’t get more convenient than that!The design of the hotel if modern as opposed to traditional, and rooms are very cheerful. One wall of the bathroom is glass, but when you put the automatic blinds down you will have full privacy.The 26 meter pool was real bonus – nice temperature and hardly used at all. It was great to go swimming after a chaotic day of sightseeing, followed by the Jacuzzi and sauna. The Jacuzzi was a godsend after climbing the Great Wall!Service was generally good. The staff’s English was not perfect but they could speak it well enough to understand me and be helpful.I did have some minor problems with the room, but they were just minor.Free Intnet (via cable) in the room made my trip so much easier. There supposedly free Wi-Fi in the lobby, which I tried to use with my iPhone but never had any luck.So, in summary, an enjoyable stay. I would recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again if I were ever to return to Beijing.	
Nov 7 2009 	Looks great at first but needs some work	At first look the hotel looks great: beautiful lobby with a great location, but service is not what you would expect and quality of furnishings is not first rate. We had two rooms, one with two double beds and one with a king bed; both were beautifully decorated and huge, but the furniture and wooden doors are dinged and the tiles in one of he bathrooms were coming off. Location was great, amidst great shopping in Beijing and not to far form Forbidden City. There is a Rolls Royce dealership located right in the lobby. Breakfast buffet was good with plenty of variety; were there for 4 nights and didn't tie of the selections. From my experience with other hotels in China, I think this is about as good as they get, so I would not hesitate booking it for a trip.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Service	We chose Regent based on other reviews. From the 1st day we stepped into the hotel until the check-out, we knew our pick was right! Very good location hotel, very nice buffet breakfast, very well designed and equipped bedroom and very touching service. I need to make special &quot;thank you&quot; to all the bellboys as they do a great job; especially when you need a taxi and have a difficult communication with the driver. I will definitely stay at Regent if I return to Beijing and truly recommend it to others. This hotel worths its price.	
Nov 3 2009 	Really really impressive	We booked the Regent on the strength of the previous positive reviews on tripadvisor, and emboldened by a reasonable offer on the web (about £95 for deluxe room per night). We wondered whether the reality could possibly live up to the expectation, and it has easily done so. It has been an excellent base for our first ever stay in Beijing. The hotel is modern and very comfortable. The rooms are a real highlight and, for this price bracket, offer excellent facilities. The location is central, and the metro station is right next door for trips further afield. We have found the concierge team to be extremely helpful, and they have made a genuine difference to the quality of our trips to the Great Wall, and negotiating the tricky process of purchasing Chinese rail tickets.On the last point, I have to echo the remarks of a previous reviewer who was taken to the Great Wall by taxi with Robin Kong (as arranged by concierge). He was tremendous. Great English. Clean cab. Didn't try (as many tours/taxis do) to take us to shops/restaurants for stopoffs that weren't requested, or to charge for hidden extras at the end of the day. Made the day exceptionally comfortable and easy, and I would recommend him to others in a heartbeat. He charged 600 yen for a trip that lasted 7am to 3pm to Mutianyu section.	
Oct 27 2009 	Well worth it!!	I recently stayed at the Regent for 5 nights as part as a 2 center holiday to Beijing and Tokyo. The 2008 Olympics meant a boom in new hotels in the city so every well known chain has felt the need to open a hotel so we had a lot to choose from; however we decided to go for a lesser known name in the high end market (however I learnt it’s quite well known in Asia). I think we struck gold, the hotel was perfect. The Regent is fairly new and lived up to its promise of quality and luxury. Check -in was quick and pleasant and English was well spoken. Our room was very spacious, a fantastic bathroom, comfy beds and floor to ceiling windows. The breakfast buffet offered a good choice of both European and Asian food so there was plenty to choose from including a fantastic selection of Chinese tea. We did not eat dinner at the hotel but did have a few over priced drinks at the lobby bar which was pleasant but lacked atmosphere. Service was great and a few bottles of complimentary mineral water were left in the room every day. Concierge was helpful and arranged a trip up to the great wall. When our car picked us up they gave us a bag each with a few bottles of water inside for the journey; a simple yet impressive gesture. Overall I loved my stay at the Regent and the plus points were the lovely room, great health club/spa, good breakfast and helpful staff. My two criticisms are the location which although central and walking distance to the Shopping area and forbidden city, there was very little around the hotel at night and secondly I felt the bath products were very low quality and looked out of place in such a nice bathroom. But all in all, would I stay there again? YES!!	
Oct 24 2009 	One of my favorite hotels in China.	This is my 3rd stay with Regent Beijing. My first stay was almost 2 years ago when it was newly opened. I like the ambiance and decor of the hotel. The service quality has steadily improved as well. The best feature is perhaps their bathroom, certainly one of the best in its price category.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Choice	Beautiful hotel with comfortable rooms and luxurious amenities and extensive buffet breakfast. Great pool and spa facilities and location convient to shopping and Forbidden City.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very very nice	I have travelled a lot around the world, but this one of the best. service is superb. also the rooms are perfect with a very nice design. we got a free upgrade. During our stay the President of Korea stayed in the hotel... a lot of safety measures, but still 100% customer minded. location is also perfect. the funny thing is that there is the Beijing Lamborghini and Rolls Royce dealership are in the hotel......	
Oct 21 2009 	Wonderful hotel - would definitely recommend	My husband and I and two friends stayed in Regent Beijing for 4 nights. We arrived from the night train from Shanghai at the hotel at about 9am and were checked in immediately with no conversations about check-in time being later etc which was really lovely. In addition both our friends and us were upgraded to Executive rooms. Our room was fantastic, really large with a massive bed and large &quot;living&quot; area with couch, TV, coffee table, desk etc. The bathroom was also large and beautifully appointed with a seperate shower and bath tub. All furnishings were tasteful and in excellent condition. We ordered room service for breakfast a couple of times which was fine and reasonable enough, although we didn't order tea/coffee etc as these were very expensive. There was however lots of free water provided in the room and also a cafetiere for making coffee. The hotel has a pool and jacuzzi, as well as sauna and steam rooms (separate for men and women), all of which we used. We found the location of the hotel pretty good. It's so easy and cheap to travel everywhere in Beijing by taxi that we did this most of the time and you can get to the Forbidden City in about 15 minutes (depending on traffic). There's also a metro right beside the hotel (there's an exit literally in the hotel grounds) which we used a few times and was really cheap and convenient e.g. the Temple of Heaven is on a direct line about 3-4 stops away, costs 2 yuan to get there. There's a small shop across the road from the hotel where you can buy drinks, snacks etc that you don't want to buy in the hotel. My only (very small) criticism was that the housekeeping was a little ad hoc at times (for want of a different expression) e.g. we used the cafetiere on our 2nd morning and although housekeeping gave us clean coffee cups they didn't wash out the cafetiere. We thought this might just be an oversight, however this happened consistently every day! We weren't bothered complaining about it and just washed it out ourselves it was just slightly odd! Also on our 3rd day, housekeeping didn't leave us any towels which again was a bit strange but we called and asked for more. I would absolutely recommend this hotel and if I ever return to Beijing, will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009	C'est genial!	Had a wonderful time staying at this hotel. The hospitality and the staff were great. The hotel is located next to a subway. Its very convenient to get around and it is also within walking distance to shopping district, Wang Fu Jing.The hotel staff were always on hand whenever you need help. The room was spacious and has a nice bathtub and a separate shower cubicle. It also provides different a range of pillows (Ie soft, hard, medium...) for guests.The concierge staff were also very helpful in giving directions and pointers of places nearby. They also give you packed towel and bottled water whenever you go out for jogging. They weren't stingy on their bottled mineral water at all.Will definitely stay here again and also recommend people to stay here :-)	
Oct 3 2009 	A wonderful place to stay	The Royal Asarlic Beach Turkey We had a wonderful holiday in this hotel and resort The food was of a very high standard the staff were very helpful and friendly it was so good we are going back for the third year We met two different couples while being their One was there for the twenthty time the other was their sixteenth time speaks for itself Looking forward to next year	
Oct 3 2009 	Best hotel out of 4 china cities	Very nice room, spacious. Great location as it is close to Wanfujing shopping area. Only 2 blocks away. Glass walled bathroom with automatic blind controls. Really good breakfast buffet and the staff are waiting and ready to take away your dirty dishes. Nice mix of western and chinese dishes. Nice 25 meter swimming pool.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel with great location	This hotel is a fantastic option for Beijing. We arrived early and were promtly checked in. We booked with Travelzen for a great price and found them to be excellent with requests which were all met. We decided to upgrade to the club room for an additional 475yuan per night. Well well worth the upgrade. The lounge is great to relax after a days trecking around beijing. Free drinks all day and happy hour from 6-8pm where there are nice hot and cold food and more importantly free champagne : ), which we had every night overloooking beijing and the forbidden city. The hotel is about a 15min walk to the forbidden city and has lots of shops close by.The room was huge with a large bathroom and lots of amenmities, loads of fluffy towels so if you decide to have a shower/bath mid afternoon you will still have more fluffy towels for morning shower. I especialy like the foot balm which really helped tired feet. We requested a view of the forbidden city and we got it , view could not have been better. A nice view of tianamen square and forbidden city . This was a perfect view for the firework rehersal for national day on the 12th sept , it was amazing from our room.I must also mention the consierge service was excellent. Especialy one lady (didnt get her name) who spoke excellent english and was really effeciant and friendly. We booked a number of restuarnts with them (S.A.L.T, Made in China e.t.c). Also ask them for an IC travel card (used for subway travel). They will give you one for free which will be charged whith some money for free. This was extremly useful and I would recomend traveling by subway. Traffic was crazy, so only use a taxi when you have too. Another good point of this hotel is the porters note the taxi number and hand you a card with it so If you leave anthing in taxi e.t.c which is excellent as some taxi drivers really try to rip you off. But none from the hotel did this.We also booked a taxi driver to the great wall through the hotel for 600yuan. We visited mutianyu. They made sure the taxi driver spoke great english and he was excellent. Drive took only 1hr 25mins would highly recommend booking through hotel.So in summary I would definately recommend this hotel for the service ,views and location is perfect (metro stop beside hotel).	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location; Great Deal	Using TripAdvisor comparison shopping we found a wonderful deal through Agoda for a &quot;deluxe room with breakfast&quot; at this 4 Star hotel. It is a lovely hotel that is elegant but friendly (much more so that the Portman Ritz-Carlton in Shanghai) and quite new. The location is terrific--next to a subway and you can see the Forbidden City from the upper floors of the hotel. It is across from the Legendale and the Peninsula Hotels. Our huge room was on the top floor with a grand view. The bath was also huge with separate glass shower and lovely toiletries. The breakfast buffet was sumptuous and included Chinese, Japanese and Western selections and an attentive staff that wiped up spilled juice etc before you realized that it was spilled!! Internet was free as well. The fitness center and pool were also fantastic. And, it was a terrific buy!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Wonderful	What a wonderful hotel. Fabulous service, splendid rooms, great fitness facilities. Incredible staff. We plan to stay here again next month. Absolutely recommend staying at this fine hotel.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wonderful hotel would have liked to stay longer	As part of my China trip in July 09, I had the opportunity to stay at The Regent in Beijing. I came away very impressed. Its a very simple building but the interiors have been designed very well. It imparts a sense of space and openess.The check in process is smooth and efficient.The rooms are spacious and again there is a very nice 'open' feel to the whole layout. I could literally breathe easier in this hotel. The room decor is very tasteful and simple. The bathroom ameneties are very nice though almost everything has a tinge of lemongrass. If you don't like lemongrass.....The food is excellent. I ordered room service and I must say that it was one of the best burgers I'd tasted in a long time. In addition, the staff got my slightly complex order exactly right. Breakfast was in the coffee shop and the buffet spread offers a lot of choice. The egg station gets the orders right.The staff while not over friendly is very efficient and pleasant.I will definately stay here again and if possible, longer.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel	The rooms are huge and nicely appointed. Our room had a huge bathroom complete with a big tub and a shower room. We also had a desk and free internet service. Breakfast was included and had a omlet station, home-made waffles and more choices than you could possibly eat. The service was a bit &quot;off&quot; - they had a cast of thousands to wait on you - pretty young women standing to call the elevator and greet you at the restaurants and meals, but when I ordered a martini (even pointed at the menu), I got two shots of gin with no ice. They also did not refill the inroom tea stations every day so we had no milk affter the first day. These are little things, but for a place that carries on about The Regent Touch - they just didn't quite make it.	
Aug 7 2009	Spectacularly beautiful hotel	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night as part of a cruise tour that we took. The hotel was only about one year old at the time. The public spaces are soaring, expansive and very modern in design. The room was extremely large and the most luxurious that I've seen, with every possible amenity, as was the bathroom. The Chinese restaurant (I believe that there was a continental restaurant) in the hotel was very good and the buffet breakfast was amazing, with both western and chinese dishes. I could have spent the whole day just eating the dumplings.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel Good Location	Very nice room, spacious, clean and everything you need. One draw back is that Wi Fi is not available in the room, it is an Ethernet connection. WiFi is in the public areas. We had a great driver for the day to go to the Great Wall. His name is Robin Kong (can be arranged at concierge desk) his English was excellent, very informative, would definitely recommend. Location was great, a 15-20 min walk to Tiananmen Square, and Forbidden City.	
Jul 8 2009 	Not a top hotel...	Stayed at The Regent for 4 nights in May`09. This was my 4th visit to Beijing, and on earlier visits I have always stayed at The Peninsula just a cross the street. This time I wanted a new experience, and sure it was...The Regent looks swanky from the outside, and for sure the lobby is impressing, but it is totally unpersonal. Because of the late arrival, we had dinner at the hotel the first night. The food was really basic, and the prices skyrising! A cup of coffe USD 12,- , and a bottle of imported Norwegian water USD 17,- ... Our room was great though, all the necessary equipment, and a beautiful bathroom, but already a little dated.The service of the staff was basic, and in lack of training. After my pasts visits of Beijing, I had better knowledge of Beijing than the concierge desk... The only one smiling and trying to do her best was a girl called River that picked us up at the airport, any Beijing hotel, hire her!Next time I will definitely go back to The Peninsula!	
Jun 8 2009 	Luxurious !!!	We stayed at the Regent for my birthday and choose it over several other places based on the reviews at tripadvisor. The hotel is a fairly new construction with huge rooms. We were in a premium room overlooking the forbidden city and had a awesome view. The room itself was quite luxurious with mattresses that were very very comfortable after a hard day of walking up n down the great wall and so was the bathtub. Believe me a soak at the end of the day did wonders for my aching muscles. Even the toiletries did not disappoint. Imagine there was a aromatherapy relaxing foot rub(bliss) apart from the regular moisturisers, mouth was, shampoo, bath salts, body scrubs etc. There were always more than enough towels if you wanted a bath more than once. Between the room and bathroom there was a glass wall covered with venetian blind which cud be opened to let light in.The breakfast was quite good with continental, american, chinese and slimmers options. Oh and the room had a coffee maker in addition to a tea maker with choice of normal to fruity teas and ground coffee beans.There is a excellent fitness centre on the 5th floor.The conceirge speaks quite good english and recommended a few good restaurants including one where we had the most amazing peking duck called Da Dong. Even the guys at the door are very helpful, they will instruct the taxi guy exactly where to take you and also argue with them on your behalf!!!The only thing which disappointed us was the atrocious english of the housekeeping staff. They do try and help but by that time your patience has run thin. The hotel seriously needs to look into this. Otherwise our stay was just perfect. Would recommend this hotel if you want a luxurious stay right in the heart of Beijing.	
Jun 1 2009	Great Stay	I took my mother to Beijing for her birthday and I chose this hotel based on the TA reviews. We didn't venture out on our own as we had friends and guides arranged to take us around but the hotel is located close to the Forbidden City and our rate included breakfast at the hotel restaurant which was a great way to start the day. There's also an ATM and a Starbucks one building behind the hotel. We also really enjoyed the hotel fitness center/jacuzzi and sauna. The room was spacious and clean, and the staff (reception to house keeping personnel) was very friendly. ** Look for hotel rates on the internet - the rate I paid was a lot lower than the rates via the hotel website.	
Jun 1 2009 	Five Star Plus	After our recent stay at The Laguna Hotel, Bali I never thought I wouldencounter a similar 5 star experience. The Regent Beijing is certainly a match for any 5 star hotel I've stayed at, from the moment we arrived to our departure it was pure luxury. The breakfast was superb and there was every possible amenity in the the room. I understand this hotel is fairly new and it was immaculate. Returned to our room whilst the maid was still cleaning and she was vacuuming behind the bedside table and curtains (other hotels take note). The location is also excellant, 30 mins walk to Tianeman Square and 10 mins to the main shopping area. Yes the drinks are expensive: £11 for a glass of wine and £7 for a beer (depending on the exchange rate) but the service is world class and the ambiance is priceless. We used the Gym and swimming pool during our stay and that was very nice, each locker was equipped with towels, robes, shoes and water was freely available by the bottle. Free internet access in all rooms and the speed was very good. If i returned to Beijing I would certainly stay at The Regent.	
May 23 2009 	We should always have it so good	The Regent Beijing is a modern, sleek, well-toned hotel and a wonderful oasis in a fascinating city which is a threshold to an ancient and now modern civilization. Personnel, young and well dressed, are on duty constantly in the porte-cochere, lobby, registration counter and elevator area. They are reserved, polite and eager to help, if language proves no obstacle (see below).The premium room is emanates comfort and class. Flowers just inside the door in a mini-foyer and more flowers on a shelf in the bathroom, both lit with indirect lighting. The bathroom has one mirrored wall and another of glass with drawn mini-blinds which faces the bed. There is a stand up separate bathtub, a patterned glass-enclosed toilet and separately enclosed shower and a basin with granite counter, drawers and indirect lighting below. Spacious and elegant. Best of all, great water pressure and two shower heads, one large round directly overhead fixture and another usual type on a sliding pole. Not one, but two bathmats for the floor are a nice touch. Good, large cotton towels. Everything was spic and span.The bed area has a round drop-down circular ceiling with indirect lighting and a round large light fixture in the middle of the circle. Apples were distributed daily. The bed was firm, but comfortable and the linen crisp. The air-conditioning with thermostat worked well and quietly. A glass desk with comfortable chair and free internet connection. A nice sofa-bench sat in front of the window. We requested and had a small view of the Forbidden City.And yes, the room was very quiet.The breakfast was first rate. American, European, Japanese and Chinese food were slightly varied daily.I awoke before the group daily and walked around the city which was clean and safe. Just off of the hotel's main streets are hutongs to explore. A 15 minute walks brings you to the east side of the Forbidden City where I mingled with the fishermen trying their luck in the surrounding moat, saw a gate (not for entrance) and an impressive corner tower. At night the same route to the west bring you to the pedestrian walk of Wanfujing where you can find outdoor food stands abutting red lanterns, many people and a same grid of alleyways with food stands and little outdoor shops. Still alive scorpions on sticks are to be found here. The location, which I was uncertain of before the trip, was excellent for sightseers.My wife had glasses made which were to be delivered just prior to our departure. He concierge shared our concerned as the delivery was overdue but looked for us when they finally arrived.We did have mix up in our reservations as I made one online and our tour company was to have made us another and cancel ours as their rate was cheaper and included breakfast (a great plus). We did not try to resolve this when checking in late at night as the clerk could not understand the situation and probably couldn't have done anything about it anyway. The following day the tour company booked us under their rate for the next 4 days, but we still had to pay the higher rate for the first night ourselves as again the clerks couldn't change this. The tour company did, however, reimburse us for presumably the amount we prepaid for the room. None of this upset us in the least especially since we had such a comfortable stay at the hotel. We should always have it so good in every other city of the world, but seldom will.P.S. China Tours booked us a room for $184/night service fee and breakfast inclusive.	
May 21 2009 	Treat yourself at the Regent	If you come from half way around the world to visit Beijing, the Regent will not disappoint. The decor and furniture is still trendy and new. You'd feel comfortable and cozy once you stepped into your room. The price is also reasonable. The location of the hotel is also excellent. In general, you'd be smart to pick this hotel on your next trip to Beijing. Believe it!	
Apr 28 2009 	Exactly what you need after a full day in Beijing!	I am very critical of 5* hotels because they should be at the top of the market and yet they so often disappoint. However, the Regent Beijing was everything it should be. The rooms were clean and spacious (try and get a room on a high floor, it's worth it), with beautifully designed bathrooms. The leisure centre has a full gym and an amazing and surprisingly good sized swimming pool. We really enjoyed afternoon tea in the lobby after a long trip to the Great Wall and the bar (a cozy snug) was perfect for a relaxing evening drink.The only downsides were (i) the expensive breakfast which wasn't fabulous (there are much better places in Beijing that are much cheaper, try 'Steak and Eggs') and (ii) the delay when ordering cocktails in the bar, although once they arrived were fantastic.Overall the Regent manages to anticipate everything you could possibly need on a visit to Beijing, with small touchs that you don't often see elsewhere. The staff are really friendly and very helpful in arranging trips or taxis.Exactly what you need after a full day in Beijing!	
Apr 15 2009 	Five star - clean comfortable great value	After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I changed my existing hotel reservation to the Regent Beijing. I'm glad I did. The hotel is brand new, extremely clean, and our room was large and spacious with modern decor. The conceirge was eager to help with taxis and travel arrangements. I did not partake of any of the dining or business services in the hotel. I was simply looking for a fancy hotel and wasn't interested in paying for any extras. Actually, I had tea in the lobby, which was nice (though somewhat expensive). And the pool was great too.I paid about $170 all in for each night, and it was well worth it. Nice to get a taste of 5 star, because I certainly can't afford 5 star back home.	
Apr 11 2009 	6 stars hotel - Better than the Shangri La and the swisshotel.	Nicest rooms in the world !Nicest pool and SPA!Excellent service!Excellent food!Excellent location !Incredible value !	
Apr 10 2009 	Very Good	Surrounded by luxury goods, Rolls Royce showroom downstair, Gucci and Burberry across the street. Superb restaurants around the corner. The commecial building next to the hotel has Starbuck, Li Garden (cantonese, Michellin's 1 star restaurant in Hong Kong ) and a renowned Shanghainese restaurant. And the very famous peking duck (Datong) has a branch across the street (in the shopping plaza where Gucci is). 10 mins to Wafunjian. And can see the Forbidden City from the room.Stayed in the suite and it's comfortable (twice the size of the standard room). Free Internet. Good deco. Large bathroom. Resonably spacious for the desk and working area in the living room and comes with a big bright desk lamp. The only caveat is that there's not enough lighting in the bedroom (and no window in that room). Food is ok, just stay away from ordering pizza for room service.	
Apr 3 2009 	Quite Good	I spent three days here (and three at Hotel Kapok) and really enjoyed it. Time Out was critical of the views, but I strongly disagree. Mine was great. The way to hotel is built, it would seem like most rooms would have large views. Had to close the curtains in the morning because it was too bright.Service was excellent,,,,better than when I went over to the Hyatt for dinner. This is a bit of a tangent, but the Hyatt could not get the traffic moving in front of their hotel, no one was in charge, and you had to wait forever for a taxi. I'm glad I did not have to do that everyday. This was not the case at The Regent which was very efficient. I could get a taxi anytime I wanted. Some of the bell boys seemed over qualified to be honest. (they seemed to speak several languages.) It was all very professional.Breakfast was good, but not cheap. Beware. If you're super noise sensitive, the front rooms could be loud because you are on a major intersection. Beijing drivers have just discovered their horns. I live in NYC and found it quiet.	
Mar 28 2009 	Beautiful hotel	The Regent Beijing is in an excellent location. It is close to historic sites (like the Forbidden City) and lots of shopping. The room is large and beautiful. The bathroom floor needed to be cleaned (found ashes and stray hairs).The staff in the restaurant (Cafe 99) was friendly, but they have limited English. We found the concierge to be helpful in terms of dining recommendations.	
Mar 6 2009 	Thank you Tripadvisor contributors	I always choose my hotels after reading reviews on this board. That is why I chose to stay at the Regent and I wasn't disappointed. It was truly luxurious and the service was the best I have ever experienced in an hotel. They even got stamps and posted our postcards for us.We had breakfast in the hotel and the choice was amazing. I think that I tried everything on offer during our stay. We didn't eat in the hotel at night as we were too busy exploring the city and trying out different places to eat. The Regent was very central for everying.It was wonderful to come back and soak in the bath in the very trendy bathroom. The toiletries were plentiful and more were added each day. The slippers and bathrobes were fluffy and cozy - I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else in Beijing.	
Mar 4 2009 	Luxury after touring all day	We traveled to Beijing for several days of being tourists. The Regent was our luxurious retreat. After walking miles every day to return to the Regent was wonderful The bathroom was fabulous. The room has everything you would want. The staff is always kind and helpful. Our grownup children were in another room and enjoyed the room as much as we did. The breakfast buffet was spectacular. The family was adventurous in eating out for dinner however I was not and I must admit I had the best cheeseburger with fries ever in the room service. I will definitely book a regent hotel whenever I travel.	
Jan 5 2009 	Luxurious Rooms	We stayed here for our honeymoon in October and it was fabulous! Even the most basic room (which we were in) was terribly luxurious. The washroom in particular was *very* nice and romantic... The cotton robes were a nice touch. Every day the staff would tidy our room twice (once during the day and once before you came back from dinner). They put out our suppliers and sprinkled rose pedals over our comforter each evening. The King bed and linen was very comfortable and the carpets in the hallway and room were extremely plush. I requested on their website's reservation page to have a view of the Forbidden City and it was honoured. They even put us on the 15th floor which was a nice bonus! The hotel is very close to Wangfujing Street and the Forbidden City and is right over top of the subway station. Overall, we had a fantastic time there and felt a lot richer than we were. The only downside was leaving on our last day. We would definitely return to The Regent Beijing.	
Dec 28 2008 	Luxurious	We switched our booking to this hotel from the Park Plaza after seeing that the rates had dropped, about two weeks before our stay in mid November. We asked for and got a room with a view of the Forbidden City, visible if it wasn't too smoggy. The room was elegant and beautifully designed, with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking Dongsi-nan and Jinbao streets. It was also mostly comfortable and livable, with universal outlets; individual reading lights on each side of the bed; and bottled water restocked often. I say 'mostly' because I found the glass shower stall and glass toilet room rather inpractical, although pretty. What's the point of a separate toilet room if it's see-through? Oh well, aesthetically it was all very pleasing.The service at the Regent was excellent- the staff was friendly and helpful, and we had no language problems. I should warn any potential guests that extras at this hotel are costly. Some examples: Trip to Great Wall/Car and driver for 1 day: 1800 RMB Use of a computer in the business center: 30 RMB for 10 minutes + 2 RMB for each extra minute Printing 1 page: 10 RMB 1 glass of wine in the lobby: 165 RMBBut of course, these are all optional.The pool area is spectacular; definitely worth a visit, and the ladies locker room even had a ladies-only whirlpool.The Regent is in a great location for tourists, about a 5 minute walk from Wangfujing and the snack markets. We walked to the Forbidden City as well- maybe 20-30 minutes. To find the subway, turn right outside the hotel entrance and walk along the hotel on Dongsi-nan. The entrance for the Dengshikou stop (line 5) will be on your right, under the Regent. If you continue past the subway entrance and turn right, you enter the hutongs behind the hotel, and I highly recommend walking through this area. There's also a handy little store just before entering the hutongs for drinks &amp; snacks. If you turn left after exiting the Regent and walk along Jinbao, you'll pass a passageway on the left that leads to the Park Plaza, Starbucks, and some restaurants. You'll also pass ATMs for the Bank of China.Overall I highly recommend the Regent to anyone visiting Beijing.	
Dec 15 2008	Downright sexy hotel loved it!	We stayed here 4 nights as part of our World Ventures tour of China... WOW! Gorgeous hotel, incredeible amenity level, service, food quality, robe, slippers.... all of it was great. The indirect lighting was carefully designed to create a wonderful mood in the room if you want. The view from our room on the 13th floor was great too - it actually looked out to the Forbidden City.At 11:00 at night, the man at the concierge desk left the hotel for a 10 minute trek to a local store to buy a calling card for me - that's impressive.The steam room and sauna in the workout area was awesome too.Breakfast buffet is about $20, but it was fantastic quality and a truly impressive array of hot and cold items - traditional American items, as well as traditional Chinese and Japanese.The maid overlooked restocking the Swedish whole creams in the fridge for the coffee press we used in the mornings. They brought many more than we needed immediately, and made note to leave extras every day thereafter.We went to their Italian restaurant. Gourmet food at gourmet pricing, but no more than any other high-end resort. Great presentation and quality. The pineapple-chocolate drink tastes far better than it sounds - it's the best on the menu according to not only our opinion, but many others on the tour as well!Lovely.... we'd stay there again We were impressed with it all.	
Dec 7 2008 	Warm and Cozy	Stay for just 1 nt....great location and warm deco. Loved the room and bathroom.....amenities with good quality. Excellent staff and was offered a warm bottle water while getting on the taxi for airport. Rate consider cheaper than other 5 stars hotels in beijingCalvin	
Dec 5 2008	First class	Stayed here for a long weekend from Hong Kong. All the reviews below are correct - hotel really is excellent. Location is good for most of the central sights, rooms are large with great attention to detail and service was friendly with everyone speaking good english. Would have absolutely no hestitation in going back when in Beijing.	
Dec 1 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed two nights end of November 08. Location is ideal, right in the center of Beijing. Service, rooms and food (at the Italian restaurant) are outstanding. You will have a hard time finding better anywhere in China.	
Nov 20 2008 	The Regent is regal	The excellent service started over the internet. After making reservation for a week-stay at the Regent hotel Beijing via an online source, I sent the concierge an email asking about transportation to-from the airport. I got a reply within 24 hours complete with pricing and types of cars etc. I also asked for help with making a reservation at the Li Family restaurant, and within one day, the concierge replied again in the affirmative.While checking in, the clerk asked if I wanted an upgrade to a suite, including free daily breakfast. The existing reservation for a regular room (including taxes) was about $175 per night. With the upgrade to a suite, my price was $250 nightly. It was worth every penny. The suite was huge with luxurious wood paneling large livingroom and bedroom with one full bath (tub and shower) and a powder room. There were two flat screen TVs, glass walls and great views of the city. The bed, unlike many ohter in China, was very soft and the linens were luxurious. There is a metro station beneath the hotel and travel on Beijing's subway system was clean, cheap, and efficient.The Regent's lobby is high class and subdued with elegance. The piano music provided a relaxing break from the hectic streets of the city, and you can drool over the Lamborgini and Bentley showrooms attached to the hotel.The hotel was nice enough to hold our luggage while we went on a 2-day jaunt to Xi'an. The Regent is less than 3 years old and the fit and finish of the design and comfort is very high. The service level is excellent as most employees spoke passable English. The few minor complaints I have is with the breakfast buffet and the check-in time. The cogee was cold as was the sausage and noodles. And, although there is an egg prep station, it was not manned the day that I was there for an early breakfast at 6 am--I couldn't help it since I was jet lagged, hungry and bored. The chef was there when I ate breakfast later in the morning. I checked in at around 10 am and the clerk told me I would have to wait a few hours, or I could take the upgrade to a suite, which was ready for occupation immediatley. I found this sales tactic a bit pushy, but I took the bait and loved the suite.Overall, this is the best hotel I've used in a long time. It's highly recommened, especially if you can swing for the suite.	
Nov 19 2008	Best hotel in Central Beijing	The Regent is my favorite hotel in central Beijing. The rooms are significantly larger than the Peninsula. The exercise facility is the best of any hotel I have visited in Asia. All the tourist sites are within a 15-20 minute walk. The subway stop is adjacent to the hotel. The main shopping area is about 5 minutes away and you have to cross a busy intersection, but it is not a problem. The staff at the hotel is very friendly. However, it would be helpful if the concierges spoke somewhat better English. I will definitely stay again when I next visit Beijing.	
Oct 10 2008 	Regent was the Regal Finale to Our Trip	We took a a repositioning from Vancouver, CA to Beijing China for our 25th Anniversary trip. The Regent was a grand Finale for the tripI had booked the smallest King room and when we got there we checked into the room and thought it was beautiful and sufficient for us as we would be busy touring all day. The front desk had asked us about upgrading to a Suite which had included 17th floor Executive Club privileges for about $59 US a day additional a day and initially we declined but then decided to go ahead and splurge and we were happy we did.The Suite was incredible with separate living room 3 flat panel TVs, an extra guest bath, floor to ceiling windows over looking the city and looking smack dab into the new Legendale across the street (gorgeous when lit up at night) .There is nightly turndown service and one night they missed us but it didn't really bother me.Every time we called for anything even the littlest thing they were there instantly.The location was terrific. Very walkable to Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping district. Subway nearby too if you dare.The Exec Club Floor had a buffet breakfast each morning and 24 hour free internet .They also had snacks, Lattes , sodas etc. 24 hrs a day. They had Happy Hour 6-8Pm daily with Hot and cold appetizers and free drinks.The staff there were so attentive .Everyone in the hotel spoke English too.	
Oct 7 2008 	Brilliant!	My husband and I have just returned from an amazing 5 days at the Regent. This hotel was everything I hoped it would be. The staff were extremley helpful and compotent, assisting us daily making the language barrier about Beijing non existent.The bed was very comfy, the view from our 16th floor room was lovely. The room was spacious and decorated very stylishly. We ordered room service a few times for lunch and breakfast. Again - very good.The location is excellent. A few minutes walk to shopping, 10-15 minutes walk to Tian' anmen Sqaure and forbidden city. I would highly recommend this hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 3 2008 	Superb hotel in great location	We had actually booked the Park Plaza, but when we arrived at 10pm were told the hotel was fully booked (we had seen reviews saying this had happened to other people). We were upgraded to the Regent (next door) which is 5 stars as opposed to the 4 star Park Plaza, at the same rate including breakfast.The room we had was superb, top floor (19th), floor to ceiling windows with great views of Beijing (Forbidden City roof tops clearly visible). Room was quite big, nice bed, large flat screen TV, lovely bathroom with shower and bath and electric blinds. There were loads of toiletries and accessories in the room, in room safe and you could tell it was a very classy place. You get some free small water bottles in the room and more was provided at nightly turn down service. Breakfast was great, lots of choice - cereals, toast, pastries, fruit, yoghurt, cooked items, egg station etc.We ate in the Italian restaurant at the Regent and it was excellent, you are supplied a basket of fresh bread free which they did replenish if required (2 starters, 2 main courses, 1 dessert and 2 soft drinks approx £50). All the staff were very helpful. We would highly recommend this hotel, and are very lucky to have been upgraded there.	
Aug 19 2008 	A Gold Medal for this hotel	We have just returned from 18 days in China. Beijing was our first stop and the Regent was our first hotel on the itinerary. We spent 3 glorious nights at this jewel of a hotel. The location was fabulous. Just a short walk from the Night Markets and great food and shopping right outside the hotel. The rooms were modern, spacious, beautiful and included every possible ammenity. The staff was gracious and attentive, the buffet breakfast was amazing. I would give this hotel a 5+ rating. We loved it.	
Aug 17 2008 	Exeptional	WOW! What a bargain for perfection, even the food in the Italian restaurant was 100% authentic and superlative by any standards (I lived in Italy for 16 years). A must visit for the mid-budget traveler (sub $ 200.00). Very impressed.	
Aug 6 2008 	Best Hotel of 6 during one month stay in China	I was in China for a Business trip for the month of July 2008. During the trip I stayed in 6 different hotels in 5 different cities. All of the hotels were Chinese rated at 5 stars. The Regent was by far the best hotel of the lot. I stayed here for a full week of the China trip.The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Every one of them spoke good English. We dined at the hotel a couple to nights and the food was incredible. The room included a full breakfast which was also wonderful. And instead of instant coffee in the room there was a coffee press :) Add to all of this the location was within walking distance to the Forbidden City so the location could not be beat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Beijing.	
Jul 24 2008 	A great experience overall	I booked Park Plaza next door and was upgraded to the Regent.The hotel is in an excellent location: very close to shopping, tourist destinations, and there are many eating places within walking distance. There is also a small convenience store across the street. The hotel itself is kind of tucked in on a side street, with some green spaces in the front separating the property from the busy streets of Wang Fu Jing. This is rare in Beijing. I heard no traffic noise from my room.The hotel appears new. My room on a high floor is nicely decorated in contemporary style. The bed is comfy. The bathroom is generously stocked. Internet is free. The slippers are plush. The pool is nice and quiet. I went swimming several times and it was never crowded like another 5-star hotel I stayed during the same trip to Beijing. The gym is nice. They even offer group classes such as Yoga and Step. Room Service is prompt and the food was good.The only &quot;fault&quot; I found was that the noticeable carpet stains in several spots. Overall, this is a great hotel. I would stay there again on my next visit.	
Jun 2 2008 	faultless	We were upgraded to this hotel from another one next door. had a corner room with executive club privileges. Great hotel--service, room, bathroom, breakfast, happy hour, pool all unable to be faulted. in great location close to the city centre, on top of a subway station and near a night market. Business travellers may be more demanding than us, but as tourists we were delighted.	
Jun 1 2008 	Wonderful Property!	We loved this hotel! It was beautiful, the room was great, the beds comfortable. it was in easy walking distance to restaurants and shops. We booked our entire China trip through China Odessy and everything was really great. We had great sight seeing in Beijing.We also ate at a great restaurant called Noodle Loft-about 20 min away from the hotel by taxi. They do have a waiter that speaks English and the menu has pictures-wonder ful food in a cool atmoshpere.For those that might be impaired, our hotel offered a free wheelchair which was great for touring the Forbidden City and the Summer Palace.This is truely world class property-we would go back in a heart beat!!	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved the Regent	Based on TripAdvisor reviews, I booked the Park Plaza at about $135 US per night. I arrived late in the evening and was pleasantly surprised that they were overbooked and I was being sent to the Regent. The Regent was very nice. Flat screen tv, free internet, comfy bed, and clean. Very modern. I was on the 15th floor and could see the rooftops of the Forbidden City off in the (hazy) distance.I used the spa for a massage, and the masseuse did a pretty good job. The 1 hour massage was about $100 US, which I thought was a little expensive compared to the same thing in my small town. I ate at the Decappo restaurant and had the cheese pizza. It was very good, but I was also desperate for non-chinese food.If it is in your budget, stay here. It was within 5 minutes to shopping at Wangfujing and in a safe area. It is also very close to a local pharmacy if you need anything.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent	Stayed here over New Year 2007, what a fantastic hotel! The rooms are very luxurious, 32&quot; HDTV, free High Speed Internet, Rain Fall Shower, Free standing bath tub, every sort of amenity you could think of! The best part was the bed, extremely comfortable, probably the best I've slept in, and I have stayed at hotels like the Plaza New York, the Dorchester London, the Oriental Bangkok, etc. The staff were very polite, and the level of englsh was reasonably good. Cleanliness of the room and hotel in general was only moderate, quite dusty. The swimming pool and health club is very opulent, hot tub, steam room, sauna, gym, 25m pool with pool bar. There is also a spa though very expensive. We didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants so I couldn't comment, though a room service soup I ordered was very tasty, it was the price of dinner at the dumpling restaurant accross the street! Location is very good, surrounded by other luxury hotels, e.g, the Peninsula, the Grand Hyatt etc. Shopping is perimeter quite good- Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Ferrari showroom, Bvlgari etc. The hotel will also yield taxis for you and direct them as to where you want to go, as well as giving you a card to give to the taxi driver on return. Overall, an excellent stay.	
Apr 23 2008 	great hotel great service	We booked at the next door Park Plaza but due to late arrival, they upgraded us to their sister hotel the Regent. I can't say enough good words about this hotel. from every aspect, it's wonderful - the room are huge and nicely decorated, the king bad is very comfy and the toilets are exquisite. The staff at the hotel is trained to give the best service - from reception to the last bell boy - all of them are giving you the feel that they are here for you. The breakfast is wonderful, everything you can imagine or want is there - continental, Chinese, English American and of the best quality. The location is very central, five minutes walk to Wanfujing and about 20 to the T. square and the forbidden city which we could see from our room!There is also a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel and several good restaurants just next door.We felt very lucky to pay for a 4 stars hotel and get this fabulous hotel, not once - but twice.	
Apr 22 2008	Great Hotel but watch out for the hotel cups!!!	Beijing Regent was initially a very luxurious experience for us travelling as a family. A great place to relax and spend the night especially after climbing the great wall. However, we did not have a very good experience with their facilities. One of our family members took one of the hotel cups to wash in the basin, without knowing that the handle can be detached from the cup. There was no warning sign either. Because of this, when he emptied the water from the cup, it fell straight out of the handle and there was a crack in the cup. When we checked out, we were charged RMB 280.00 just for this small damage!! So, if you are checking in this hotel, please be aware of this. The housekeepers also do not regularly replace the toiletries. If you have less than half a bottle of body wash left, they will not replace it!The hairdryer in our room was also terrible. I smelled a burning smell as soon as I turned it on. I tried to look inside it, and I saw a small fire coming out of the fan!!Overall, the outlook is great, but many details need to be taken care of.	
Apr 14 2008 	OK stay at the Regent Beijing	I stayed at the Regent Beijing just for one night (I travelled from Europe to Nanjing and made a one-day stop over in Beijing). Actually I booked the Park Plaza (on the same property) via the web, but that was full when I arrived and so I got a free upgrade to the Regent. (I read that in other reviews, so this seems common policy.)The hotel is really posh, with all the things demanding travellers (which I am not) look for: HUGE lobby, several bars with Piano player all day etc.The room was very luxurious (e.g. brand new flat screen with CD player - which I didn't turn on because I didn't have the time), with free internet access (if you bring your own laptop).The location is GREAT: Easy walking distance to Wangfujing, the main shopping street, and also Tian'anmen and Forbidden City(ca. 20 minutes walk).Only some minor details: The toilet was not really clean when I used it the first time (&quot;yellow stains&quot; on the seat), and the shower tended to flood the whole bathroom... - but that seems to be a general problem with 21st century fantasy marble showers: Beauty goes over functionality...But for the rest, an overall great experience. I am not giving the best mark because I was really disgusted by the stains in the toilet, which made me think that management might stress superficial poshness more than thorough quality control, but maybe I was unlucky. Remark concerning the neighborhood (has of course NOTHING to do with the hotel!):Rapidly developing area, with the last old buildings currently being knocked down to make place for modern high-rise buildings. Many other travelers warn against friendly &quot;students&quot; chatting you up when stepping out of the hotel and yes, this is true, but a phenomenon to be experienced EVERYWHERE in Beijing: These young people just start talking to you and walk with you (no matter what the destination), claim that they are &quot;art students&quot;, and suddenly (sometimes after 30 minutes of friendly chatting) they invite you to an &quot;art gallery&quot; where they claim you can buy cheap paintings etc. I never followed them, they are to be got rid of easily enough, but I heard of people who got into nasty situations (Not being allowed to leave the &quot;exhibition&quot; without buying something etc.) So simply DON'T GO THERE. If you are a Chang Bizi (a &quot;long nose&quot; as Caucasians are called by the Chinese), you will invariably have such an encounter in Beijing. On the other hand, I invited one such guy to a quick beer in the many outlets on Wangfujing, and we parted friendly enough. At least he spoke English, which is by far not normal in Beijing...	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice upgrade - great location.	Initially booked into the Park plaza Wangfujing, but upon arriving it was already fully booked. Their concierge moved me to their sister hotel, The Regent - which was right next door.It was a great stay, the room was nice, modern and location was minutes from the Wangfujing shopping area. The concierge was very helpful with advice on sightseeing and confirming our onward flights. Very happy!	
Mar 10 2008	Highly Recommend !	Took me a long time to post this review but I just wanted to tell anybody who is thinking of booking this hotel to just do it !We also got upgraded from the Park Plaza and we were not disappointed. They even through in breakfast and Club privleges. Make sure to ask because the staff won't offer. The rooms were clean, modern and large. Felt like paradise when returning to this hotel after a long day of touring Beijing. Cozy, comfy beds with great linens and duvets. Very well located but taxis are cheap if you need to get somewhere fast.	
Feb 29 2008	I could become a regular	I was originally booked to stay at the Park Plaza next door based on the reviews here. However, my wife showed up before me and was told the hotel was full and they took her and my son next door to the Regent. Levina at the front desk treated them like royalty and was always great to see ( just like the rest of the staff). She got us a gorgeous room on the 19th floor which gave us a fabulous view of the fireworks on the Festival of Lanterns. The room was stunning, dark woods, frosted glass, rich draperies, comfortable window seat, nice working space with lots of US plugs. The bathroom has separate shower and a nice deep tub. Lots of lighting option in the room always ensured you were comfortable.The staff was just great, everything we needed was taken care of, turn down service was quick, prompt and thorough. Laundry, like every hotel was overpriced, but the service was excellent. Everything that's been said about the Park Plaza goes for the Regent and it's worth the extra money (though we didn't have to pay it this stay). We ended up extending our stay for several more days and they honored the transfer rate from the Plaza, which was very nice of them.	
Feb 17 2008 	An amazing spa!	I recommend you choose this hotel if you are in need of a bit of pampering. As a woman on her own, they couldn't do enough for me. I have found that in many 5* hotels I have stayed in in the past they have either ignored me or made me feel uncomfortable for being there alone. The room was beautiful. I asked for one on a high floor for the view and was given one on the 19th floor. Everything I needed was just there in the room. I appreciated the caffitiere with the fresh coffee, the complementary bottles of mineral water and the bath salts and body scrub. You can have a soak in the bath whilst taking in the lovely view and watching TV. It would be a perfect place also for a romantic get away. The health club was amazing. The 32 metre pool was immaculate and very tranquil - a perfect way to relax between sightseeing. I was often the only person swimming in the pool. I also booked a few treatments in the spa which were just gorgeous and quite affordable. The breakfast was very expensive for Beijing but it was quite a spread. The only negative was that the cooked breakfast was a bit cold. I highly recommend this hotel for your stay in Beijing. The staff are very friendly and attentive and make you feel very welcome.	
Feb 6 2008 	one of the best	for our first time in beijing we decided to treat ourselves and book the regent .not only it's in walking distance of most of the tourists attraction and shopping district .but also a good value for money .lovely bedroom and bathroom.the breakfast buffet was excellent.	
Dec 31 2007 	Ok not as great as most say	I have stayed at the Regent in two different types of rooms over the past month. And i have to say that although this hotel is nice, its by no means a top class hotel by todays standards. I stayed in a Executive room, and a one bedroom suite (with connecting twin premium). Yes the rooms look nice, but upon closer inspection they are quite dirty, with dirt mounds behind doors, and muck under bathroom counters. The daily cleaning is not very good as well. On two different stays the housekeeps did not wash used forks, or glasses and just left them sitting out. The showers (both my stays) seemed to have quite a bit of old residue in them. Room service was left in the corridors for extended periods of time as well. Complementary bottles are not replaced more than once a day (if that) and toiletries were not replaced at all during either of my stays. They seems very cheap with these sort of things. The rooms was not 'tidied' as well on several occasions, i.e. Not straightening coffee tables and sofa cushions. Overall giving the rooms a half cleaned feel. The rooms were also very noisy and hot. The noise came from outside the hotel, a building being constructed 24hrs a day (this is China). I think this affects one side of the hotel more than the other. The club lounge was quite good, and a great benefit. However it seemed that they only had one Joss Stone CD to play the whole time, on both of my stays. Quite annoying after a while. However, breakfast was good, and evening drinks is a nice way to wind down. Is this hotel nice? Yes. Is it great? No. Would i reccomend my family or friend to stay there if they were expecting the best? No. I would say go to the Ritz Carlton FS if you wanted a modern big hotel, or at Cote Cour SL if you are here for pleasure. It is an AMAZING 500 year old funky boutique hotel. I was also lucky to stay there in December as well.I would also say try to stay at one of the many hotels that are opening in Beijing at the moment. More will open over the next few months...- The Mandarin Oriental- The Park Hyatt- Ritz Carlton's (both)- JW Marriott- The WestinThe Regent is nice, not great. Sure its one of the top few in Beijing at the moment, but there are better... and there a lot more to come. So look around.	
Dec 31 2007 	Terrible service	This was my first visit at The Regent and I have to say that I won’t go back again.True, rooms can be nice and spacious… But A/C is not working properly and smells so bad. Lot of noise from outside that I was not able to sleep. I have called the manager on duty, he was not able to understand me and offered me a free breakfast (guess what? my package included breakfast)…Speaking of staff. They ignore “do not disturb” lights. They do not speak English and they ignore you. Managers are seating in Bar or Restaurant and also ignore guests… I have stay almost a week in a suite and none one of them came to me to say hello !!! The staff sees the clients as an annoyance. Getting a round of drinks at the lobby bar is a 30-minute affair. Extra marks for uselessness and grumpiness go to the front desk	
Dec 28 2007 	Regal Regent	We stayed at the Regent in Beijing twice this December. The first stay I booked through Expedia, and on the recommendation of hotel staff, I joined the Regent/Radisson/Park Plaza executive club (no fee). On the first visit, the standard room was exceptional and well beyond my expectations considering the very affordable rate. The staff was exceptional -with valets who were quick to argue with cab drivers on our behalf before we asked for help. The desk staff was very helpful, and if you happen to meet the Dutch woman who works evenings -she is amazing. After three weeks of traveling and trekking around China, I realized how outstanding this hotel really is. It is modern, exceptionally clean, and meticulously maintained -truly a five star hotel. On my second visit, I was upgraded to the executive suite for no additional charge, with breakfast and happy hour included. I ended up not leaving the hotel that day... a trip to the pool and the spa turned into an all day event, simply because no one else was there and it seemed a waste not to take advantage of the facility. This is not a backpacker's China, but it is certainly a welcomed luxury for any tired traveler or business traveler. Tips for the budget conscious -the Park Plaza is attached to the Regent and shares the pool/spa facilities (not sure about the rooms, but they are of the same vintage. It seems to book up faster and I've heard they upgrade you to the Regent (same fee) if they overbook. Also, look into the Radisson executive membership before booking for potential upgrades when you arrive.	
Dec 23 2007 	This is the Best - Very Good Hotel	From the external appearance the hotel doesn't look anything special, but once inside that changes. The lobby is elegant, Lavinda - from Guest Relations who comes from Europe handled my check in efficiently and it was a very smooth transition from Check-in to room, most welcomed. You know how some hotels you seem to wait for ages for your bags to be delivered, not here.The Deluxe room is a standard room, but after staying in numerous hotels this standard was above the norml. The room was as the pictures show, well appointed and quality furnishings, flat screen TV, in room safe, nice king bed that I just loved to snuggle/ relax in, individual temperature control, seperate Toilet and shower with optional Rainfail/ normal shower head, plus a soaking bath. The little extras set it off perfectly and the rather sexy glass bathroom to bed view was something I liked.I dined at the Bar &amp; Grill restaurant &amp; wasn't diappointed, the food and service was excellent.The location is very convenient, from Airport to hotel in a taxi cost $80 Chinese yaun, [$10 yaun toll gate fee included]. The main shopping street is an easy 10minute walk &amp; the Forbidden City 20 minutes. The Peninsula Hotel is just 5 minutes away. There is a subway entrace at the hotel and the subway is so easy to use, $3 - $5 yaun per trip. It couldn't be easier.Upon leaving, Lavinda personally came &amp; said goodbye - that speaks volumes about the hotels philosophy - make people feel special which all the staff did.Only negative was the Concierge section, some of the information provided was inaccurate, but that was rather small when taking in the overall stay. Gladly stay hear again and again.If people ask me where I would stay for the Olympics, I would recommend the Regent.Just note I booked through their hotel website, check out the specials, because I saved some decent money checking out this section.	
Dec 20 2007 	Superbly classy!	Convenient location, extremely beautiful hotel lobby and the room is spacious and classy. Unfortunately, the breakfast was slightly disappointing - bland and not very fresh.	
Dec 18 2007	nice brand new hotel	arrived at the Regent and was a bit irritated with the front desk as the check in took a long time, the clerk was confused and ended up keeping me at the desk for a while since he wanted both photocopies of my passport and my I.D. card (told him that every other hotel in BJ req only a passport copy... ) the check out process was also slow... BJ is building hotels so quickly you get the feeling they don't really have many experienced hotel staff to choose frombut other than that, the room was beautiful with every creature comfort you'd wish for, the bathtub (being a new hotel) looked very tempting, we were here for a 2 day event, I was pretty happy with the food at the Chinese restaurant (on the 2nd or 3rd floor) and the convention/banquet food was not bad.coincidentally my parents stayed here a few weeks before I did and they loved the place (In terms of decor, food, comfort, location and etc)I loved the place too but have had faster/better service at the other BJ hotels (ie the Peninsula)	
Nov 28 2007 	Luxurious relaxing 	I found the Regent to be an oasis of calm and luxury at the end of each busy day sightseeing. It is only a 10 minute taxi ride from the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, and some of the main shopping areas. This is ideal if you are only in Beijing for a short time.Rooms----------I stayed for 2 nights in a Deluxe room on the 18th floor. The room was contemporary and beautifully decorated. The king-size bed was very comfortable. Good use of modern technology too - flat screen 32&quot; TV, DVD/CD player, electronic blinds in the bathroom, and TV speakers in the bathroom. A large glass desk gives ample room to work and the large floor-to-ceiling windows let in lots of natural light. The in-room lighting can be dimmed and changed in various ways to produce a very relaxing atmosphere, which I found ideal after long days sightseeing around Beijing and at the Great Wall. Similarly, the large tub-bath and drench shower in the bathroom are excellent. Complimentary toiletries include relaxing leg balms, bath crystals, shower gels etc. It is possible to watch TV from the bath by opening the blinds in the bathroom. Dining---------The buffet breakfast was super. It catered for English, Chinese, and Japanese cullinary tastes. Whichever your preference, there was a large selection of foods to choose frrom. Room service was also excellent, and always delivered quickly and hot. The hotel will even bring Starbucks drinks to your room if you wish (there is a Starbucks in the hotel grounds). Service----------Front desk was always helpful and will happily provide advice on where to go sightseeing etc. They organised a taxi for the day to take me to the Ming Tombs and the Great Wall at Mutianyu (less touristy than Badaling), for only £40 (US$80). Bell boys are very attentive and will take care of your luggage as soon as your taxi arrives at the hotel. The 'Regent Touch' button on the phone in each room can be used to request whatever you want, e.g. room service, travel information etc. I will certainly stay at the Regent next time I am in Beijing. I highly recommend it for both business and tourist guests.	
Nov 21 2007	A truly beautiful hotel	We were put up here Oct 1-2, right at the beginning of the Chinese National Holiday, on an overnight tour to Beijing from the Regent Mariner cruise ship, and were dazzled by the opulence of the room we were assigned - it was superb! There were about 700 of us on this tour, an included part of the Mariner's Grand Asia Pacific cruise (Vancouver to Los Angeles via Alaska, Russia, Japan, China, South-east Asia, Indonesia, Australia-New Zealand and the South Pacific), but the arrangements, food, and just about everything connected with it were exceptionally well done. Bravo!	
Nov 19 2007 	Excellent Luxury Hotel in Beijing	Stayed for 5 days at the begining of November 2007. The Regent is an excellent hotel and all the building is new. Our stay was outstanding and returning back to the hotel every evening was like retreating ourselves to an oasis. After checking in, we found our booked room a little dirty, but we complained and the Manager herself appeared to present her apologies and grant us an upgraded room, which we really appreciated (we received a nice and modern suite, with an amazing and integrated bathroom/bedroom area). One of the best suites we have ever stayed in.Leg balms and scrub cream are some extras I have never seen before in other hotels (you will find the leg balm specially useful after a daytrip to the Great Wall). The hotel restaurants are very good (specially the Italian one) but not cheap if compared to average local businesses. The swimming pool is the most beautiful indoor pool I have ever seen.The rooms facing the big avenue in front of the hotel (I believe the name is Dongsi Dajie, not Jin Bao street, the official address, which I understand refers to the vehicle entrance - the hotel is located in the corner) and located in high floors have a view of the Forbidden City. The Forbidden City view is good, but not something to die for and, therefore, I wouldn't pay more for such specific view. Such avenue in front of the hotel, by the way, is a good place to do shopping (besides the Wangfujing area, which is also close to the hotel). Just walk to your right after leaving the hotel and you will find several stores (clothes, shoes, bags, gifts etc) in the following blocks. If you are traveling on budget, check the Park Plaza, which is located in the same complex (two minutes by walk from lobby to lobby).	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the Regent	The Regent Beijing was the first hotel we have stayed during our annual 4-weeks long China journey, and it was one of the best hotels during our visit. We have booked a club room, which was spacious and very nice designed, bathroom just perfect with a lot of amenties. The Club also very nice and a breakfast service very good. We didn't eat in hotel restaurants, though we had some drinks in a bar and at the Grill, and the service was very good. The concierge was very helpful. The location of the hotel is very good, walking distance to Forbidden City and a short drive or walk to shopping street and Oriental Plaza. The taxi drivers don't know the hotel however, which is actually quite normal for Beijing, since they have most taxi-drivers coming from the country and they don't know a lot of Beijing. In the building next to hotel there are a couple of very good restaurants. The Regent is now my favourite in Beijing, and I have stayed in several five-star hotels in Beijing so far.	
Nov 17 2007 	Loved the Regent Beijing and Beijing	Regent Beijing was outstanding. Beautiful, friendly, comfortable, helpful. I traveled with my husband (who likes value) and 2 adult daughters (in their 20s) and all 4 of us loved this hotel. It costs more than other hotels in Beijing, however, a similar room in other major cities would be at least double the cost. Even my husband thought it a good value! We would definately stay again.Beijing also exceeded our expectations-- will post that separately.We did NOT, however, have a positive experience with expedia. My husband was told that breakfast was included in our rate by an expedia employee. When we got to the hotel, this was not the case. We tried to remedy the problem with expedia by phone, but were not at all satisfied with the customer service.	
Nov 14 2007 	Superior hotel but inferior Front Desk services	I stayed in Regent for 3 days and I had a good time staying in this modern superior hotel. The room is spacious and meticulously designed. Only one thing I would lke to make a remark, though only one thing but should not be trivial. The services at Front Desk shocked me. First, I requested a non-smoking room but it's not availbale at the time I checked in. Then the staff at Front Desk explained to me that they could make a 'smoking room' with no smoke. Was she playing magic?Second incident, I asked the lady at the Front Desk of where I could find a recognised Olympics shop, she gave me short &amp; sharp answer in four simple words, &quot;no, I don't know', and then she kept dropping her head down. There were still a few silly things happened at the Front Desk while I simply want to make my review short. It's a pity if the hotel does not notice their inferior Front Desk services comparing to their superior hardware design. While lastly, to be fair, the valet services was good, I would like to pay the guys a compliment.	
Nov 12 2007	Fabulous Regent Beijing	We stayed three nights in a deluxe room at the Regent, during our 10 day vacation in China.We had a perfect stay. Beautiful hotel, gorgeous well equipped room, great breakfast buffet, gorgeous western style restaurants, courteous and prompt service. Nice gym, the swimming pool is out of this world.This is one of the most beautiful hotels we have stayed in anywhere in the world. You won't be disappointed.	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice Surprise	We originally booked the Park Plaza which was just next to the Regent. When we checked in, the concierge told us that we were upgraded to the Regent with no additional cost!We pay HK$900 per night and enjoyed a spacious modern room wth a King size bed and buffet breakfast for 2. The bathroom was well equipped with supplies of leg balm and body scrub among other basic stuffs.Really no complaints for such a good price!	
Nov 8 2007 	Heavenly!	If you're looking for a fabulous hotel in Beijing, look no further! The Regent Beijing is as memorable as the historic sites we went to see. Personally, I don't think the Emperors of China had it this good.The hotel is barely a year old which means it was designed with the most up to date amenities. Our deluxe room was incredibly spacious and beautiful in decor. Of course, it has all the usual conveniences and amenities of a top shelf five star hotel, ie. flat screen LCD tv, dvd/cd player, featherbed, high thread count sheets, fluffy towels, marble bathroom, etc... But they had a bit more. The bathroom has a free standing bathtub and separate shower. The shower has both a rainshower shower head and a hand held shower. They also provide bath salts and bubble bath.The location is ideal. The hotel is within walking distance of the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, the night market (food stalls), Dragonfly (massages) and Starbucks (to the left of the hotel). If you're adventurous, the subway is next to the lobby. It's the Dengshikou stop on the number 5 line (just opened Oct. '07). Unfortunately, getting to the hotel is a problem. None of the cab drivers know where it is. BE SURE TO HAVE THE HOTEL'S PHONE NUMBER ON HAND so the driver can call and ask for directions. Or even better, print out the map on their website. Once you're at the hotel, ask them for a card with the hotel name and address in Chinese. This will help you get back.The restaurants are top notch. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet at Cafe 99 and the ribeye steak at the Bar &amp; Grill. Let's not forget the great spa, gym and heated pool. Definitely shedule a massage in the evening. You'll sleep even better afterwards.Service is good overall. Everyone is very courteous. However, they could brush up on their English skills. Check in was very disappointing. We arrived from NY on a direct flt. (16 hrs.) at 5:30 PM and were told we had to come back in an hour because the room wasn't ready. We didn't get a good first impression but that was the only glitch. Fortunately, checking out was a breeze.We've stayed in numerous 5 star hotels around the world and we thought the Regent Beijing had the most beautifully appointed rooms. We were reluctant to leave the hotel even though we were in Beijing to see the sites. I think that says it all.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a lovely modern chic hotel. The reception area is impressive the rooms fully equipped and comfortable. The whole spa area is really fantastic - a full size swimming pool and a very large gym with lots of equipment. I paid a very reasonable price for the room but anything else in the hotel (food and drink) is very expensive. It is 20 minutes walk from the Forbidden City - and there is a Starbucks in the hotel complex!!	
Nov 1 2007	A Grand Hotel	The Regent is one of the most beautiful big hotels I've ever stayed in, and had facilities to match. The hotel is very new, and the service still needs to smooth off some rough edges (mostly in the language department) but our experience overall was terrific. We had a big and beaufifully decorated room with all sorts of special touches (including free internet -- too many hotels of this grade charge 15-25$). The breakfast buffet was lavish and delicious. The fitness center was splendid and the pool was a delight -- sooo big. Also, the hotel's location is very central. Overall, a marvellous place to stay in Beijing.	
Oct 30 2007 	Best Breakfast Buffet in China	We were lucky enough to be upgraded to the Regent for one night as the sister hotel (next door), The Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujian was overbooked. This is a really great hotel with the best breakfast, wonderful fruit and fruit juices and decaf coffee - we spent 51 days in the region and this set the standard and was never beaten. Also, very comfy beds (again unusual for this part of the world), great room, flat screen TV and glass walled bathroom with electric blinds.Good location - you can walk to the Hutongs, shopping on Wangfujian and visit the night food market for a wonderful meal and experience and Starbucks is behind the hotel if you need a caffeine fix.We left our baggage at the hotel for 1 week when we went to Mongolia and it was safe and fetched for us with a smile on our return. We had to move back into the Park Plaza on our return, which was also good but the breakfast did not even come close!	
Oct 26 2007 	Not too shabby	We stopped here just for a few days. Overall, the hotel was fine. It's modern, clean, very well appointed, and the staff was friendly. A little less stuffy than other hotels, which was nice. Great health club, and overall a fine experience.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent Concierge but Poor Front desk English	My husband and I stayed in Regent Beijing from Oct. 20th 2007 for 3 days. The room was spacious and excellent decor. The bed was very comfortable. Plenty of Amenities in the room and friendly service. Especially the Concierge dept. They were all very well trained and courteous. I deliberately did not give them any gratuity when I ask for service the first few times just to see if they still serve me the same way. Well, they did. They were just as friendly and as helpful. I left them a big tip when I leave. The only thing I am surprised is the level of English in the Front desk. I sometimes had to write down instructions or questions so they can find out what I was saying. Location is a little off the main part of Wang Fu Jing but it is still close enough within walking distance. I would definitely stay with Regent again.	
Oct 19 2007	One of the Best Hotels in Asia	We have traveled all over asia, and not many of the 5 star hotels we have stayed at were as nice, attentive, and beautiful as this one. The concierge was very helpful, room service wasn't extremely overpriced, and the front desk staff was excellent. The room was BEAUTIFUL, it had the best furnishings out of any room I have ever stayed at. We were staying in the basic room for 107 a night, and were amazed. Vaulted ceilings, dark contrasting colored furnishings, beautiful lobby, GREAT location for tourists. The Regent has it all.	
Oct 18 2007 	Fabulous Accomodations in Bejing	This is a fabulous hotel. The rooms are all very luxurious and well appointed. The staff, by enlarge speak english. Close to everything in Bejing.	
Oct 10 2007 	Only smiles	Same as last review. Got a free upgrade from the Park Plaza next door. It was fantastic with a great size room. The hotel is only a year old and the sevice was very good.As it was mid-Autum festival, we were also given complmentary moon cakes! The concierge was definately very useful, espically in a city like Beijing when one needed to find a Peking Duck resturant or organise a trip to the Great Wall.	
Oct 7 2007 	Way better than expected!	I was actually booked at the Park Plaza and was surprised when learned that I was upgraded to the Regent Beijing. It's my first time in Beijing so I really don't know what to expect from hotels in Beijing. I was more than thrilled when I entered the room! It was so stylish and spacious!! Bathroom was great - the tub was so nice that it's hard to resist having a bubble bath. Bed was real nice, although I could only occupy a small portion of the king-size bed. Working desk was of the right size and with the right stationary - (I never expected a stapler!) and comes with free internet access!!!!!!! And breakfast was real good. A wide variety of food to choose from and the food actually tastes good (unlike that of the other 5-star hotel in the area).Overall, I think what I got well exceeded what I have paid for. Sadly, I had to switch hotel after my one-night stay at the Regent Beijing. Having stayed at one of the best hotels in Beijing, it was rather disappointing to move into another hotel (even tho a 5-star) which has been in Beijing for a longer period of time. It was then that I truly appreciated my stay at the Regent.	
Sep 30 2007 	Exquisite Hotel!	The Regent Beijing is one of the best and newest hotels in Beijing at the moment. It has a very grand but welcoming atmosphere. The hotel and majority of it's staff emanate top service and hospitality. The location is very convenient in one of the better suberbs of Beijing. It is close to many landmarks and shopping areas which are just a short taxi drive away - maybe 20Y-40Y. Western Management enables the facility to stay on top of world hospitality best practice and still focus on Beijing’s historical value - which is displayed proudly. Most of the hotel staff have an excellent command of the English Language and are helpful. But some require more schooling in Western Etiquette which was a pity - but hey, your in China. Cafe 99's staff are Fantastic - very friendly and welcoming each morning. In room Dinning is fairly economical and the service is One of the Best around. Housekeeping was a bit disappointing, our room was not cleaned very well for the whole 8 nights we were there. Only after we complained to top management was it cleaned to a better standard.The Business Centre staff were of very little help to us, there command of English was very poor and their service attitude was very poor - for example, while serving us in mid conversation they would not think twice to pick up a ringing telephone and leave you in mid sentence and not come back to you.The rooms are very large in comparison to Chinese standards and are decorated with luxury and comfortably in mind. You will feel right at home and never want to leave. It was great to come back to this hotel after a long day of site seeing or shopping.We felt It was also one of the safest hotels in Bejing.Overall, I would stay at this facility again.	
Sep 30 2007 	Best hotel we've ever stayed in	This hotel is absolutely suberb - perfect location (10 min walk to main shopping street and 15-20 min walk to Forbidden City / Tian'anmen Square); very efficient, helpful and friendly staff who speak good english; and the rooms / leisure facilities are excellent. Very good breakfast and the one evening meal we had there was first class too.All in all a perfect hotel from which to see Beijing from and the best hotel we've ever stayed in.p.s. when walking around Beijing take toilet paper with you as the public loos don't provide it!!	
Sep 29 2007 	One of the nicest hotels in the world!		
Sep 12 2007	Hotel was Super!!		
Aug 24 2007 	The Regent Beijing is the Best Ever Hotel		
Aug 16 2007	Simply first class		
Aug 5 2007	Our first hotel on a 3 week trip to China with 12 year old triplets		
Jul 15 2007 	Best Service Location and Room		
Jul 14 2007 	Great rooms but the rest needs more work		
Feb 2 2007 	A great experience at The Regent		
Jan 26 2007 	Good hardware poor service		
Jan 26 2007 	?????????????????		
Oct 11 2009 	Parfait		
Sep 18 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 12 2009 	?????		
Aug 29 2009 	??????????		
Aug 12 2009 	?????		
Jun 25 2009 	?????????		
Jun 5 2009 	???????????????????		
Feb 2 2009	????????????		
Dec 22 2008 	??????????		
Oct 28 2008 	Buen hotel		
Oct 24 2008 	?????????		
Sep 16 2008 	???????????????		
Feb 28 2008	Das Highlight meiner Reise in Sachen Unterkunft.		
