Sep 13 2009 	What a disaster	What an absolute and complete disaster. This hotel will never be a 5 start hotel of international standards with service as it is. I came here because one of my Shanghai contacts recommended it. Know as a hotel where all of Shanghai business people stay, perhaps it is better recommended for Chinese travelers. English speakers beware as everyone’s English is minimal. I paid top price to be on the executive floor. Rooms are very small compared to comparable hotels and prices in Beijing. The laundry is “included” in the price and done on premises. Sounds good in theory. Unfortunately for me, the hotel doesn’t stand behind their work. I have a ruined Armani Sport shirt and bespoke navy blue blazer. Let me share my experience. I had gone out the day before, walked around Beijing in the summer heat all day, went to lunch and dinner and smoked a cigar. I was wearing the shirt and coat all day. The next morning I handed the blazer and shirt for pressing to the “butler” which they provide on the Exec level. When I returned at the end of the day, I found on my bed, in two bags, my blazer in a ball in one bag and my shirt in another. The shirt was spotted. My blazer had two brushed pewter buttons ripped off of each sleeve. It had also shrunk. I called the front desk manager, Mr. Phillip Hao. Rather than coming himself at first, we sent up the housekeeping manager, Mr. Deway Huang. Mr. Huang, insisted the clothes had not been cleaned but returned to me because of the missing buttons and spots on the shirt. When I opened the shirt bag and smelled the shirt, no cigar or sweat smell, only cleaning agent smell. I asked for Mr. Hao at that time and he came to the room and acknowledged the smell of cleaning fluid. This was done in front of my Chinese guest, so there are witnesses. The cleaning fluid smell certainly contradicted Mr. Huang’s statement that the shirt had not been cleaned. Further, the coat had no cigar smell either. Mr. Huang tried to get me sign the slip that came with the shirt and jacket. It was written in Chinese, and my Chinese colleague pointed out to me that what they were trying to do is sign the acknowledgement that my shirt and jacket were damaged before I gave it to them. Real underhanded. The only thing that I can imagine is that the hotel laundered the coat and dry cleaned the shirt (a “no dry cleaning” shirt). After two wasted hours (8:00-10:00 pm) Mr. Hao said he would have the hotel manager get back with me the next day. Well the hotel manager has never appeared. He sent a second assistant manager in place, Mr. Jason Lee, who did nothing and had no authority. He was supposed to be at my room at 9:15, but at 9:45 he had not yet arrived so I called him and he then came up. Mr. Lee said the housekeeping had tried to reach me during the prior day about the buttons and jacket but I wasn’t there (of course I as out). When I asked why they didn’t leave a message, Mr. Lee said that they didn’t speak good English. As an attorney, it didn’t make much logical sense that they would come to speak to me about it but didn’t want to leave a message. Well, I am out an Armani sport shirt, about $68 and a bespoke navy blazer, about $800. The laundry really isn’t so free! So beware. I also had the impression that they would not have treated a Chinese person this way. Perhaps because I as am American and not one of their favored or Shanghai guests they felt I didn’t merit the manager or a decent resolution to this matter. This hotel has light years to go before becoming a five star hotel and will not be getting there anytime soon.	
Aug 16 2009 	too much little aggravations for business traveler.	I booked a single room (1 night) with this hotel for reason of our company rate just the same as usual Renaissance and Raddisson.On top the negotiated rate was including free airport transfer to the hotel. So thought let's try. Well... on my way from Europe to Beijing (in Helsinki) I phoned the hotel for information how to get the Free airport transfer. Then the assistant manager (Kelvin) say's to me the rate (which was already confirmed, but 25% higher as our company rate) was not including a free airport transfer. I told not wanting to discuss by phone but rather take a taxito the hotel and sort things out the next morning at check-in.When checking in the personnel found very deep in their books that I had a company rate and I was granted itin return of giving them my business-card for hotel-reference.only the free airport transfer they could not find (could be mistake of our site; have to check). Then when asking for miles for my frequent flyer program, I was told this could not be granted at our company rate... tell me, this is the first ever occurrence I was refused a mileage-reward program. The room was OK but old fashioned furnished; need re-decoration. al basic and standard stuff was availableHowever wonder if they put me in their worst room, for paying our company rateThe breakfast was very wide assortment, but also here too much details which spoiled the fun of having a better then average enjoy. There was f.i. a cheese pattern with 6 different European cheeses.... only one knife for all to cut. The final drawback for me came when starting to eat with the fork, knife and spoon. These tool, I can assure, will never bee stolen from the hotel by any guest as a souvenir, since they simply are not made for the job: Too heavy, no grip, ....; these are probably still the reason they are arround (NEED REPLACEMENT)The two really positive point of this hotel is the spirit of its serving personal, who try to make the best of it for the guests in a building-environment from the mid 80's and the wide assortment for the breakfast. These are the reason I rate this hotel as &quot;average&quot; and not &quot;poor&quot;.This however can not pursue me to ever book this hotel again.I will not recommend it to colleges and others.	
Jun 10 2009 	superb service on executive floors	Excellent hotel with beautiful rooms, excellent service and helpful staff. Good value on executive floors	
May 19 2009 	Superb rooms	Had stayed for 5 days with Kunlun, during a business meet in Beijing. Royal rooms one can't dream of at rates as cheap as INR 5000- 6000. Room had a small study and nice spacious bedroom. But of all the bathroom was excellent. I havent seen such large bathroom in my life :) with a huge bath tub with a LCD in front of it and city view by the side.... really royal bathroom... I fell in love with it..... Even the restuarant is good... for breakfast they have a huge huge layout and there is a revolving restuarant on top floor. Good news for Indians that this revolving restuarant serves Dal Makhani and Roti/ Jeera rice and even some chicken/ mutton cooked in authentic Indian style.... It was really dream come true to find Indian food in Beijing	
Apr 28 2009 	Beautiful	I was on my business trip to Beijing, China. I stayed in the suite in this hotel. Beautiful room and very comfortable stay.See the suit rooms in the photograph below.	
Jul 16 2007	Nice hotel but terrible location	Overall, the Kunlun Hotel is a nice hotel in terms of quality and price point. But the hotel's location is not the greatest. It is far from everything that is remotely interesting or fun such as the markets and touristy sights such as the Forbidden City, Tiannamen and Wangfujing.But if you are a tourist, stay somewhere in the city centre (Wangfujing or around the major sights), as traffic is horrible and public transportation is not an option for tourists unable to communicate in Mandarin.	
May 11 2007	no character nor charme	Unfortunately this hotel was not up to my expectations.First of all you can't leave the place at night to go for a quiet walk without being pestered by all sorts of touts, prostitutes and beggars and once you have passed this crowd , there is not much to see in this far out area, next to a very important highway.the service in the hotel is neither attentive nor particularly friendly, you often have the impression the staff would rather be somewhere else..some exceptions to the rule like jessica from reception and the the ladies from housekeeping.maybe its the management thats doing something wrong, but i really think this hotel is neither up to its reputation nor its room rates.	
Apr 4 2007	A great choice	I have stayed twice at the Kunlun, and will not be dissapointed if you choose this place. The rooms are nice and comfortable, the service is superb and the staff very friendly and professional. It is a big place, but it never seems to be crowded. Nightlife in Beijing does not seem too exciting to me and there are not many places to go around in the neighbourhood (despite the good and central location), so if you are a business traveller like me, you might just want to stay in the hotel, relax and enjoy it. The choice of excellent restaurants and good bars they have there is very impressive, so you can select a different one every day.	
Mar 12 2007 	Fabulous hotel experience	My first trip to Beijing. Even though the hotel had some renovations ongoing, they did not materially affect the quality of my stay.First impression - stunning. The lobby is absolutely beautiful! See my photos posted separately (sorry for the quality, taken with my cellphone). And the rest of the hotel is a visual feast as well. The only negative I would offer is that the gift shop is minimal.This is for the most part a world-class hotel, in service, accomodations, and amenities. The staff is attentive, we found the food to be excellent and varied (although if you aren't adventurous and insist on Western food, you may be disappointed - but that would be missing the point), and the executive room was sumptuous and very comfortable. By the way, we booked through our local host, and were upgraded to executive rooms upon check-in, all for about 1200RMB/ night - you do the math, but a bargain in every sense.	
Dec 3 2006 	Professional and comfy	spent little over a week here for work and must say its very nice and the staff is very good. because of the lenght of the stay I met some good people that helped me pick the best spots - ones not always on the map -the food was top noch and the buffet was always the spotfresh everything - great blend of western, euro, and asian food.could always find some thingthe bed was awesome - super firm and comfythe place was always clean and the staff very politei found little extras some nights after work or exploringlaundry was fast and professionalover all the place was very clean and very well rungreat service and peoplewould stay agian in a second... no second thoughts	
Oct 26 2006 	When in Beijing	Stayed here for 6 nights - very attentive service - rooms excellent - beds turned down at night - large spaces - 8 restaurants offering a variety of dining but you must try the revolving restaurant on the 29th Floor - be weary though the staff will greet you but do not expect them to understand much English	
May 25 2005 	Executive Level - 21 and above very very nice!	Very nice - executive level that is. i believe 21st and above. Completely renovated. beautiful rooms, comes with bulter. free food on the top floor. great bathrooms. employees all speak enough english and are VERY friendly. they are still renovating the lobby. and it is quite smoke filled on the main level. i had a non-smoking floor and it was fine. no problem.	
Apr 21 2005 	Nice place	I stood at Hotel Kunlun during a business trip for 2 days. The hotel is still in renovation, but most of the hotels interior is already finished. Only the entrance hall is still under construction. The rooms are somehow spacy, clean and everything in it. Even though nothing special. Breakfirst was included but nothing special either, except that they offer a wide range of different things to eat (for Asians). But the quality was only average and below. Bad thing about my room: on the oppersite side of the road a construction was going on, even at night time - very loud. I probably could have changed the room but I didn't ask - so my fault. Another highlight is the cafe on top of the building where you can look over Beijing - marvelous. And: People are very nice though!	
Oct 15 2009 	???????		
Oct 4 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 12 2009	El Hotel que mas me gusto de nuestro viaje a China		
Feb 28 2009 	?????????		
Feb 11 2009 	?????????????		
