Jul 29 2009 	A Reasonably Good Place to Stay	The hotel is close to the airport - a 20 minute taxi ride. I agree with another reviewer, taxi drivers do not know where it is - even though I had the name of the hotel and address in Chinese. The hotel is not too far from the sites if you take public transport, and even using taxis is not that expensive. See my tips.The room was a good size with a firm bed, crisp linen, great pillows and a good bathroom. The shower floor was a little mouldy in places and a tile was cracked but the shower-rose was the largest I have ever seen and, coming from a country where water restrictions have been in place for quite a while, I felt somewhat guilty at the amount of water emitted from the shower. However, I soon succumbed to the decadence of long luxuriant hot showers!The room has a flat-panel TV, bar fridge and clock-radio with an iPod dock.The hotel is above Focus Mall - an upmarket shopping mall and across the road from a shopping plaza - Stellar International Cineplex - which has approx 20 restaurants, a liquor store and a Department Store which has a Supermarket on the ground floor.The hotel staff are efficent, although they cannot speak English very well, so getting directions anywhere can be difficult but not impossible. The breakfast was fine - usual Asian style and also some concession to Western tastes. Coffee is extaordinarily expensive everywhere in China, so use the little automatic coffee machine in the restaurant for your caffiene blast for the day....it doesn't taste too bad.The hotel has 2 PCs in the lobby which allow free internet access however they are often occupied. In the restaurant on the 5th floor where breakfast is held, there is another 2 PCs, not often used....so just go there.Overall, I would recommend this Hotel as I was pleased with the cleanliness and general location.TIPS: If you want to get to Tian anmen Square and the Forbidden City using public transport, it will take approx an hour but only cost 6 yuan round trip! Ask at the Front Desk - their tour co-ordinator will provide a map of the city and give you directions. It involves one bus ride and two train changes. Worth the experience.If you want to go to the Summer Palace - and you should not miss this fantastic place - catch a taxi. It will only cost 50-60 yuan each way and is well worth the money when you see just how far the journey is. It is approx a 25 minute ride. It is usefull to have the various attractions you wish to visit written in Chinese so that you can simply show the text to some unsuspecting local and get directions if you are lost. Also useful for the taxi drivers. Remember, almost NO ONE speaks any English.I booked a Great Wall tour through the hotel because I couldn't be bothered booking on the net - however, you can save approx 150 yuan by booking on the net. Go to the Mutianyu section - it is a longer trip there but absolutely spectacular. The hotel arranged tour spent only 2 hours at the Wall - not nearly enough time. If you can afford it, hire a car for a day....approx 600 yuan.The Supermarket in the Stellar complex has everything you need and also has a small pharmacy. It also sells cold beer at 1.5 yuan and different wines.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel	It's a brand new, clean hotel with modern furniture and amenities. It's perfect for someone who is transitting in Beijing, as it is very close to the airport. It's situated near a large shopping center, but other than that, there is not much within walking distance. The only down side is that not many taxi drivers seem to know where the hotel is, even with a map written in Chinese. All of my taxi drivers on 3 separate occasions did not know where the hotel was, and had to call the hotel for directions. Breakfast is excellent.	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice new hotel	This was a new hotel, It opened 10 days before i arrived. The room was nice, comfortable bed, nice new linens. Flat screen TV, in room safe. Incuded in the price was a breakfast to order.My only complaint was that one of the two elevators would sometimes come to an abrupt stop on the ninth floor. Not a good feeling since I was on the 18th.Also free internet.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great value during Beijing Summer Olympics	Unlike most of other hotels in Beijing with sky-rocking prices during Summer Olympics, Holiday Inn Express Wangjing offered very reasonable price during summer 2008.The hotel was brand new and just opened in early August. The front desk seemed not familar with the checkin procedure and was very slow and made some mistakes with our reservation, but we ended up with a very nice room on the 17th floor - new, modern, and big (rooms with ending with &quot;10&quot; are the bigger ones). Free internet in room and public areas. Free and tasty breakfast. Excellent service from housekeeping and restaurant staff.Since the hotel is new, most of the taxi drivers don't know where it is. It is located next to Hua Tang Shopping center (with many restaurants). Taxi to Olympic stadiums cost about 20-25 CNY.	
Sep 21 2009 	?????????????????????		
