Sep 28 2009 	adequate	As far as I've noticed, this hotel is aimed mainly at large groups who travel across China. So, from that point of view, it's a typical city business hotel with a good location, spacious rooms and lots of facilities but with a lack of attention to a single guest. All they do is check-in and check-out - one groups comes, another one goes. The only thing to fault is the breakfast. Not much of choice, very crowded and noisy. Location is just across the corner of main shopping and walking streets. The highway in front of the hotel is busy, but I didn't notice much noise from it. Rooms were spacious and clean, bed - comfortable.	
Sep 27 2009 	A good choice for staying in Beijing	Stayed in 2006: very good at that time, even better now. On Sep 2009 we stayed at Gloria four nights. The location is convenient, few minutes walk to the underground station. In fact we reached the hotel from the airport by underground. Very good staff at the desk, english speaking. We choose a deluxe room: it was very large, always clean and completely renovated. The breakfast was outstanding: a wide range of western and chinese food. Price: a good deal.Definitely a good choice.	
Aug 13 2009	Disappointing	We stayed here as part of a Jules Verne tour of China.Compared to the other hotels we stayed in this one was disappointing. Rooms ok but they didn't provide enough toilet paper or replace used shampoos. There was internet access in the bedrooms but it was very expensive. Carpets etc slighty stained . Wardrobe area small and only a couple of hangers. Some rooms had bath robes but ours didn't . We had requested a non smoking room and were given a room on the non smoking floor but it stank of smoke so we insisted on moving to another room.The buffet dinner in cafe style restaurant was very good value but breakfast was poor. Too small a restaurant for the number of rooms so it was a bit chaotic, no where to sit , no staff to clear tables and food running out . Gift shop sign said it opened at 7am so I had planned to buy a few last minute gifts on the morning we left but it didn't open on time and reception said it might be 10am before it opened . Drinks, coffees etc very expensive .It did have a leisure centre and indoor pool but it was compulsory to wear a swimming cap which they charged approx £3 each for .	
May 21 2009 	Better than expected	We stayed here for 3 nights following a cruise and the hotel was a pleasant surprise. Our room was large and well appointed, clearly refurbished recently. The location is quite convenient, close to an underground station and within an easy walk of shops and restaurants. The worst thing was probably the restaurant which was quite basic and I would suggest walking out to others, for example the Marriott over the road. Breakfast can be crowded if you time it wrong and I suggest either going quite early (say 7.00am) or about 8.30. Choice was satisfactory if not very exciting	
Dec 6 2008 	Convenient location	The hotel is located within walking distance to Beijing railway Station and underground station, which is very handy for sightseeing. The lobby and public areas look nice, however the room furniture was a bit old. Breakfast buffet is good, but I would prefer more variety.The concierge staff very nice and helpful with very good level of English. Overall good hotel.	
Dec 2 2008	Even Better than Last Year	In our review last year we expressed satisfaction with this hotel with our only reservation being that although clean, the hotel rooms were a little &quot;tired&quot; and could do with some TLC. I am pleased to report that on our return to the hotel again this year for a four day stay following a cruise across from Vancouver we were very pleased to see that the information given to us last year had been carried out. They said that rooms would be largely stripped and redecorated. I cannot vouch for every room having been finished but our room this year was second to none. Deep pile carpets, new furniture and the beds were certainly a vast improvement. Excellent.Staff and restaurants excellent.Beijing was again a delight to visit and the city was obviously carrying on the celebrations from the Olympic Games. The city was truly covered in flowers and was a sight to be remembered.So where was all the polluted air - I seen worse back home in England. Clear blue skies every day.We travelled out via Terminal 5 at Heathrow and we were quite impressed at the time - that is until we travelled home through Beijing's Terminal 3 which made poor old Terminal 5 look like a rather large greenhouse. At 20% larger than all Heathrows terminals put together it was awesome - and surprisingly no objections to all the photographs being taken by the population at large.We cannot wait to visit again.Philip and Sue.	
Oct 24 2008 	Could use a remodelling	Nothing to report. Good location. Could use some remodelling but it perfectly suited our needs.	
Jun 13 2008	Good Hotel	We stayed at the Gloria Plaza at the start of a three week tour of China with VJV.It is a large comfotable hotel which well justifies its four stars.The rooms are large, light and airy and the bathrooms are of similar standard.The breakfasts are excellent. We did not try the other meals.Location is central and very good. Staff friendly and helpful, as they were at all the other hotels in China.The drinks prices were the most expensive we encountered in China. Not only alcoholic beverages, but also soft drinks and water.Top Tip. There is a little kiosk right next to the hotel. Buy your drinks there. There is plenty of space in the room fridge. The beers and soft drinks were good and the Great Wall red wine drinkable. We decided not to chance the &quot;Johnny Workers Black Labial&quot;	
Apr 15 2008 	A Great Deal Great Location Solid Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Gloria Plaza for nine nights during our recent trip to Beijing (April 2008). The hotel is well situated, near the Embassy area, shopping, Forbidden City, etc...We found it clean and the staff very friendly. The food in the resurant was fair, room amenities nice, and overall service quite good.The staff will, no doubt, be learning more English, but we found the existing level of English fine. The hotel has a nice fitness room (included in your room rate), and serveral restaurants. This is my third stay (my wife's second) at the Gloria Plaza...We highly recommend it as a safe, well-situated, moderately priced hotel with very good service (in our case, we also had a panoramic view of the city, + CNN.. My next time in Beijing, I am heading to the Gloria Plaza.PS My only negative is the carpeting..time for an update.	
Jan 15 2008 	The worse hotel in China I have ever stayed	Well, we stayed there only one night and I can say that is the worse hotel in China I have ever been (and I stayed at least in 10 of them).The only plus is its location but just acros the road you can find another one which is much better (even if that one is not the best either- beijing International Hotel).1. Staff is rude and does not show any respect for their guests - which is very unusual for China or at least Beijing.2. Rooms are ugly and poorly equipped comparing with other hotels.3. Reservation was made for two single beds and after all me and my friend was offered to share 1 bed, because they had no enough of rooms and since it was late night and it was cold we had no other option. (The other guy had the same problem and he also had his reservation done 1 month in advance). So, it was not unlucky day for us only in this hotel.So, if you look for few days vacation in nice hotel. Check something else but Gloria Plaza. I can recommend Temple of Heaven, Holiday Inn. For the same or almost the same value you will find there all you miss in this old, ugly roomed hotel.	
Aug 19 2007 	Lovely hotel in central location	We stayed at the Gloria Plaza Hotel for 5 nights booked through Cosmos Tourama. The holiday was absolutely fantastic!We were picked up from the airport by by our guide, Sally, who along with our driver was at our service throughout the trip. We certainly got the V.I.P. treatment.The hotel has a grand spacious entrance and a nice lounge area where you can have a coffee or a drink and watch people coming and going. There is also a small shop in the foyer which is handy for picking up a snack, a last minute present or in our case a really handy fold-away rucksack.The hotel is very central and you get a great view from the large picture windows of the busy city. We enjoyed watching the people travel on their bikes carrying their wares.Our room was large, nothing grand, but with no complaints either. It had a nice picture window and was clean and tidy.The hotel has a fitness studio, swimming pool and beauty saloon. You have to wear a swimming cap for the pool and can buy them there.Only wish we had more time to make more use of the lovely pool.Breakfast was superb - buffet with everything you could possibly want and more. Chefs on hand to make you waffles, omlete etc. We had a buffet meal one evening which was very good. Cost approx £35 which included a bottle of red wine. A lady playing the Grand Piano was a nice touch.Although our driver took us everywhere the location was central and the Friendship Store is just up the road for some shopping and there is a McDonalds just round the corner if you want to eat McDonalds in China!!We did all the tourist things in Beijing. We enjoyed the rickshaw ride through the Hotung (Old Town) where we visited a Kindergarten and had lunch with a Chinese family - the food was wonderful. If you like markets and barganing, then try the Silk Market. I found the people a bit too aggressive and if it wasn't for our tour guide would have paid £35 for a handbag which she managed to get down to £7. Was dubious about the 'Diesel' t-shirts we bought for our son but they have washed well.The tour guides are obligated to take you to the Jade factory, silk factory etc. We found them interesting but the sales people in the Jade factory were pushy. The tour guide gets commission on purchases but is also charged if you do not visit the factory.We also took a day trip by plane to Xian to see the Terracota Warriers which was well worth a visit. Again we were taken to the 'factories' with pushy sales people but quickly made our exit and at least the tour guide has carried out her obligations.We made the most of our 5 days, learned a lot, walked the wall - came home tired but happy.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great Location marginal Room	Definately a 2 star hotel. We stayed here on a Pacific Delight Tour. The location is fabulous, however the hotel needs some serious work. The rooms were clean, but the usual signs of decay and dirty grout were all over. Good Stuff: Location (5 mins walk to Silk Alley, my China Construction ATMs, and a Beijing 2008 Olympic store). Close to Tianamen Square and some other good locations. Price: The morning buffet. Close to McDonalds. Close to a corner market with some water and chips available.Bad Stuff: the Room was marginal. It was clean, but certainly not stellar. If this hotel were fixed up, it would be very high on my list.	
Jul 3 2007 	Must be better hotels in Beijing	We selected the hotel due to its location which is excellent.On arrival, we were allocated a very small room, which smelt badly of smoke. We complained and were moved to a better room on the 8th floor. However, it was still rather shabby and we had problems getting the key to work.The staff on the front desk were terrible, and – despite speaking adequate English - were officious and unhelpful. On our first day they refused to change a travellers cheque as they claimed that the signatures were not identical(!) This could have caused us a great problem if we had not had our ATM cards.The staff in the restaurant were also very unhelpful (one morning we had to ask 4 different people for a spoon!) Smoking is allowed in the restaurant (even at breakfast), and there is only one small ‘no smoking’ area, although ironically this is the furthest point away from the buffet! This means that there were several people smoking heavily, sitting only inches away from the breakfast buffet, which most Western people will find rather unpleasant.If you chose to have dinner in the restaurant, the food is bland, the service is poor and you will pay approximately double what you would pay in a nearby restaurant.The concierge was polite and helpful, and did recommend a good local restaurant.We enjoyed Beijing tremendously. Based on our experiences of the Chinese people in general (polite, helpful, eager to please etc.), I am sure there are better hotel options available.Nearby places to eat: •‘Emporer Duck’ on the main road (ask the concierge for details)•Pizza Hut (if you need a break from Chinese food … spotlessly clean, efficient service and very cheap)	
Apr 14 2007 	Good location facelifting required.	Stayed there five days in 2006 november. Bed&amp;Breakfast. Very convenient location - several subway stations from center, no problems to get there by taxi even when the traffic was busy. Got a very good view from our room - ancient tower with some old astronomy tools on top and old Beijing city wall. But the room needed radical repair - not terrible, but too out of date, especially the bathroom. Rooms clean but not very clean. Breakfast was OK, we had no problems. Restaurants and service - very good. Personnel - helpful. So the rooms finishing and appliances is not 4 stars, everything else - defintely is 4 stars quality. A good place to drop your luggage and do Beijing sightseeing.	
Mar 16 2007 	Exceeded our expections	Having read some the the reviews on this hotel, we were a bit concerned. However, our experience was nothing like the other reviewers. Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and the public areas were clean and well-maintained. The breakfast buffet had something for all cultures and tastes. Granted the scrambled eggs and bacon were a little less done than our preference, but there were other options. We did not have a massage, regrettably, but another person in our tour group did and was very pleased, especially for the cost--about $25US. We walked in the area and felt safe. Beware of the local pedicab drivers--we had one who tried to charge us $200US!! While in Beijing, do NOT miss a tour of one of the hutongs--our favorite part of the trip, getting to meet locals, etc.	
Mar 3 2007	Awful	Unless this hotel has been demolished and rebuilt over the last couple of years when we visited, avoid. We stayed here for a couple of nights before a Princess cruise. Our room was disgusting - dirty,dark,worn furniture and stinking of smoke. We were shown to our room via a wedding reception ( sorry folks) , the hotel kitchen ( we didn't eat in the hotel) and the service lift. The public areas looked ok but the corridors and rooms were worn and dirty. also, the staff were not particluarly helpful and failed to conatct us when our tour guide arrived. ` They also made no effort to deal with our complaint re the room.	
Jan 27 2007	3 star hotel in need of a face -lift.	Stayed in Gloria Plaza Hotel for 5 nights this January, and even though it definetely is not a 4 star hotel, people should expect a pleasant stay in a 3 star hotel. The lobby is quite large , but the reception stuff even though not rude are not wellcoming. The rooms are quite spacious but worn out and in need of a renovation . Breakfast was okay , with an omellete and waffle station, but it seems like non smokers are not appreciated and people can smoke anywhere they want... The hotel pool and the sauna were a plus and the price catalogue for the spa services quite reasonable.The subway station is very near the hotel, but what with the taxis being sooooo cheap it really is a lot better to just ask the bell boys write on a paper the place you are interested in going in chinese ( cab drivers do not speak english AT ALL !!! ) , rather than waste your time with the metro.... Near the lobby there is a desk where you can book your excursions , but it is a lot more expensive rather than booking them at the airport upon arrival. All in all, we had a pleasant stay in Beijing and did not have any problems with the hotel even though I have to specify that in deed the hotel is a bit worn out and needs a renovation.	
Sep 29 2006	Awful in parts	Walk out of pleasant public areas into filthy corridors and scruffy bedrooms, sheets spotless but carpets filthy and covered with burns, grubby walls and furniture. Breakfast has potential to be good but could not cope with number of customers, only one bright spot - lovely supper&gt;	
Sep 27 2006	I'd look for a better hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Gloria Plaza Hotel for 5 nights between 9/21 - 9/26. The hotel location is great, which is probably the only good thing about this hotel. It is very close to a subway station, and Silk Street and other main tourist attractions are couple stops away.The lobby of the hotel is nice, and certainly gives you hope. The check in experience was certainly interesting. I don't know why, but it seems that chinese people culturally just simply don't respect the concept of a line. Before anybody flips out, I am chinese, but spent most of my life in the US. My husband is american. Anyways, there were clearly velvet ropes available in front of every person at the check in counter, but people would just walk up and talk to the check in person, and the check in person would do nothing to rectify that. Finally I just got fed up and told the intruder to get to the back of the line. The staff at the hotel is more or less not friendly. THere was no greeting, no &quot;welcome to our hotel&quot;, just asked me for my last name, form of payment, sign here, and handed me the key. I'm not sure if that's just their standard way of operating or it was a fluke since there was a huge tour group checking in. Anyhoo, 0 points for hospitality so far.Changing money with my traveler's checks was also a nightmare. Apparently the hotel staff has never seen a check that has two authorizing signatures, so that took a while to sort out. THe rooms were at best, livable. Definitely not 4 stars. Beds were hard, bathroom was moldy and gross, and the carpet was suspect. They do give you slippers, so definitely use those, as well as bathrobes. Bring an alarm clock, I'm not sure why they don't have one.Three days in a row my room keys did not work when I got back to my room with bags of stuff. I demanded an explanation, and I got the usual &quot;you must have your key near a credit card, cellphone etc.&quot; which is certainly not true since I had none of those on me. Mind you, this happened to both our keys, which was carried separately by me and my husband. Breakfast buffet was nothing to write home about. They had a mixture of western and eastern food. As well as an omelet station and waffle station. Get there before 8:30 if you can, to beat the tour group rushes. They don't do a very good job of refilling food.So overall, I doubt I'd stay there again.As a side note, due to the Chinese national day, 10/1, as well as the upcoming 2008 olympics, a lot of the main attractions within tourist sites are under renovations. Just ask when you buy tickets what's opened and what's closed, but even then you may not get a straight answer. When possible, buy an all inclusive ticket, or they'll nickel and dime you for every temple you want to check out.	
Apr 7 2006	Great Hotel	Just returned from a 5-night stay at the Gloria Plaza Hotel in Beijing with a group of 26 people. Everyone thought this hotel was fabulous. Location is the greatest feature of this hotel. Breakfast buffet was awesome, with made-to-order omlets. Rooms were clean and spacious, but looked a little worn or &quot;tired.&quot; Although bathroom was covered with white marble tile, it looked old. Grout was missing in some places, and faucets and shower head were old, but mirror was very large and semi wrap-around. A face-lift of the rooms would do wonders for this otherwise great hotel. Lobby and dining rooms were fabulous as they were recently refurbished. Staff was most courteous. Would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 25 2006	Helpful staff and good location	I stayed here and arrived very late at night. The staff couldn't change any money but were most helpful in tidying me over until the exchange desk opened in the morning.I wanted to visit some nearby shopping centres and asked to book a car. The staff advised that it would be cheaper $ 2.00 to take a taxi each way than book a car for $30.00.Hotel restaurants were good and rooms were clean and spacious.Local restaurants and convenience stores within a few minutes walk of the hotel although English is a bit of a problem but got by on sign language.All in all an excellent hotel and location. I have just booked to stay there again this year.	
Dec 15 2005	Great Breakfast Buffet; Dim Sum restaurant expensive	The strangest thing I noticed was that there were no alarm clocks in the rooms. I guess you could arrange a wakeup call. But with jet lag, it was hard to tell time without a clock.The dim sum restaurant on the ground floor is quite expensive, meaning paying like you're in PF Chang's. But if you'd go out, you could probably find cheaper places. They had 2 girls serving you hand and foot.September temp/weather was perfect, although we did have a rainy first day.	
Nov 11 2005	Great location	We enjoyed our stay here. My husband, two friends and I stayed here for a week. The buffet was extensive. The staff friendly and helpful, especially the bell services. After a full day with a cab driver whom we had decided was more a friend than a driver, a bell service person helped us communicate our gratitude.	
Aug 24 2005	Very good hotel	I would like to inform people who might be visiting Beijing China, and want to stay at Gloria Plaza hotel, that it's a very good hotel, with high standard.The rooms are clean, with private bath, TV, a/c, mini bar, and electric kettle.You have every day, complementary 2 bottles of water, free of charge, and the rooms are spacy and most important clean.The breakfast at the hotel is very rich, with variety of cuisine and taste.The people at the hotel were very friendly with us, and tried to help us as much as they could.The hotel is very near the Silk market. You can even walk there, if it is not too hot and humid, and there is also a Metro station opposite the hotel if you want to move around with tube.	
Jul 24 2005	Go elsewhere!	The rooms are horrible and not very clean. I found someone else's hair in my bathtub as well as in my bed sheets. There are cigarette burns on the carpet and the furniture is old, threadbare and smells musty. Service is minimal and English is not very well understood when I called to inform them that the bathtub drain doesn't work very well. It took an hour for the bellbop to bring up my luggage and another hour for room service when they had quoted 20 minutes and they got my order wrong plus gave me attitude when I called it in! The quality of the buffet breakfast is not very good and the bed is rock-hard and feel that I may as well sleep on the floor. For the price, I suppose I should feel that I'm getting a good deal- but I think I'd rather pay extra for a 5-star hotel like the Sheraton Great Wall Beijing since this 4-star Gloria Plaza Hotel certainly does not live up to its rating. This place is sub-standard and best compares to the worst motels in the USA.	
Sep 22 2004	A pleasant stay	I stayed at the Gloria Plaza in November of 2002.This is a large, western style hotel, in the southeast of Beijing. It is on a main East West Avenue, and I was able to walk to many of the places I wanted to visit, as well as restaurants and shops.The room was large, even by western standards, clean, EVERYTHING WORKED!!! (well, actually it was always a bit overheated for my taste)The staff and concierge were helpful, spoke English but were willing to bear with my Mandarin, and seemed genuinely interested in conversation with me.The breakfast buffet was great.Don't miss the Ming Dynasty Jesuit Observatory Tower accross the steet.	
Nov 22 2009 	??????????		
Nov 6 2009 	?????		
Nov 4 2009 	Bell'hotel!		
Jul 5 2008	Hotel mit gutem Preis Leistungsverhältnis		
