Nov 17 2009 	Hotel is OK...Service is Horrible	I brought my team from all over China to Beijing for a conference and we stayed at this hotel for two nights. When we arrived, we were informed that the hotel might not have hot water in the morning but our reservations were pre-paid so there was nothing we could really do about it! Then we discovered that the hotel’s main elevator bank wasn’t working so we had to use an alternative set of elevators that were located very far from our rooms. When I finally got to the room, it was really HOT. There were no windows I could open to cool off the room, there was no air conditioning that worked, and thus no way to cool down the room. When I asked for another room, they refused to move me until I threaten to leave the hotel. They finally gave in and found a room that wasn’t sweltering hot. All-in-all, if the hotel had things like hot water, well regulated temperatures in the rooms, and friendly service, it would be a decent hotel but I am not going back to give it another try.	
Nov 10 2009 	you get more than what you pay for	Booked this hotel after I had arrived at the airport and found out my flight home was cancelled. Furthermore, the next flight was not for 2 days so I was getting two extra nights and one extra day in China. Room was very spacious, clean, comfortable, and inexpensive. Close proximity to subway station and easy walking distance to Olympic Park.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Value for Money	Hotel in good location with 10 minute walk to Olympic Park and five minute walk to subway. Out of city centre, but easy to get there by subway or taxi. Surrounded by wide new footpaths which are not too busy and provide a nice break from the chaos of the city centre.Entry is at the rare of the hotel via a small road, which is a little confusing at first.Several restaurants within easy walking distance.Breakfast was mediocre, although restaurant patio area nice.Internet fast and efficient.Room was nice and new, and a good size. Typical for HI Express.The only problem was that the air conditioning had been turned off (as of mid-October) and we found it a bit hot in our room.Service was good, but front desk was often very busy.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great base for a visit to Beijing	I stayed in a total of five hotels on my recent trip to China. The rooms in this hotel are without a doubt the largest. The showers are fantastic. I visited a total of ten days in this hotel. I loved the fact that there is a laundry room with washers and dryers. Also a section set aside for ironing your clothes. This is a great time and money saver especially when traveling with a family. Just throw your clothes in the washer and have a shower. Toss them in the dryer while you eat breakfast and you are ready to iron your clothes. So I recommend this hotel if you are staying for some time in Beijing. Another thing is the fact that they have a section where you can get a flight booked on the spot. I used this service and they were very good at helping me find a flight to Shanghai.This hotel is located within walking distance from the Olympic Bird's Nest and Water Cube. There is a subway located right around the corner from the hotel. I used the subway only once since taxis are very inexpensive. The fare from the hotel to the Forbidden City is five dollars US. The subway is about thirty cents US. The travel time on the subway is thirty five minutes which includes two transfers. The time with a taxi is about the same or more depending on the traffic. So as far as cost is concerned, you can stay at a similar hotel closer to central Beijing but you will pay so much more money. I recommend just setting aside the dollars for the taxi and save the money you would spend at another hotel. So location for me is still very good since you are in a more traditional Chinese area and not surrounded by tourists all day. Believe me, you will want a break from them since they are everywhere at the sites. Besides, the taxis are plentiful and the hotel can call one for you for an extra three yuan.There are five computers by the lobby that are available 24/7. All are super fast and never a problem. The breakfast is more traditional Chinese but you have a large selection. There is an outdoor section where you can have your breakfast. Very peaceful and beautiful with a pond. A perfect place for a relaxing drink after a day of seeing the sites. The hotel is extremely clean. Totally spotless. The rooms have very comfortable beds with wonderful sheets. A nice touch was a total of four pillows. Two regular pillows and one with a label &quot;hard&quot; and the other with the label &quot;soft.&quot; They even go as far as to make sure you are happy with a certain pillow. The rooms are spacious and include a love seat with a table and a full desk for your paper work. The front office manager, Jay Wu, is very helpful with local information and ensures that you are comfortable during your stay. A real professional. His staff is extremely friendly and do their best to assist with any questions. A few are still learning English but it is charming to see them get together in Chinese attempting to find the best solution and answer to a question. I have to say that these are really the nicest people you can meet and will do their upmost to ensure a pleasant stay. This hotel is really a hidden gem not only for the superior value for the money but also for the outstanding attitude and service provided by all of the employees. Very highly recommended!!!	
Jul 24 2009 	You get a lot for what you pay especially for a longer stay	An all-around excellent hotel with all the amentities needed for a longer stay--laundromat, complimentary internet and daily breakfast. Clean, spacious room and luxurious shower. The two downpoints are: breakfast and location. First, the daily breakfast was the same bland combinations of foods. Second, location--while you're close to the Olympic village, Bird's Nest, Water Cube, International Convention Center, you're far from the city's action and historical sites (minimum 15 minute ride). Moreover, 9 of 10 taxis did not know the location so you'll have to get a quick grasp of direction if you stay here. Note that it's near the McDonald's on Minzuyuan Road. It's a 5-minute-walk to the main road to hail a cab, or you can have the hotel call one for you for 3RMB extra. I also heard there's a subway station nearby but didn't have an opportunity to use it.	
Jun 10 2009 	Nice modern hotel and great value	This is a very new hotel 1 subway stop from the Olympic Stadium. My room was modern and typical of what you would find in a newly built HI Express in the US. It was good sized with a large LCD TV (only 2-3 English channels) and a large bathroom and a very large walk-in shower. (The water stopped totally for 20 min one morning - probably the city's fault and not the hotel's.) There was good closet space and a free in-room safe. The room overlooked a large atrium - the rooms which look outside are larger and cost more. There are 4 or 5 free computer terminals in the lobby. Breakfast was pretty much the same each day - it was basic Chinese food which may not appeal to Westerners. The hotel is 2 blocks from a modern subway station, but you have to walk down an alley which is completely dark at night - however, it is far safer than big cities in the US - Beijing is full of police and soldiers - this is a Communist country. Behind the hotel is the Chinatown shopping center (that really is the name in neon English letters) with a few fast food places and endless stalls selling all sorts of stuff. If you want to buy gifts, prices are much cheaper here than around Wangfujing or the other tourist sites - but you should still bargain. The front desk staff speaks adequate English. Most customers are Chinese tour groups, with a smattering of business types and Westerners. I booked for around $40 a night, which was great value considering how new the hotel is. Nothing special - but comfortable, dependable, clean, and safe.	
May 11 2009 	Great Price	Great Location, Excellent Price!! I went after the olympics and wanted to see the new buildings. it was perfect. walking distance to the Olympic venues. Somewhat of a drive anywhere else, but taxis are so cheap, it doesn't matter. breakfast and internet included (though breakfast was not too yummy). After staying in a fancier hotel (courtyard by marriot) this one is amazing for the price. Since its a new hotel, everything is super clean. I wish I would have stayed there the whole time; it would have saved me a lot of $$$$!!!!	
Apr 7 2009 	Not the place for a family	We ended up staying here for the Paralympics in September. A very mixed stay in terms of the hotel.First the good:1. Hotel seemed very new, the rooms were very clean and well maintained. 2. Compared to other hotels we looked at this one was cheaper and a great value for the money.3. Breakfast each morning in the lobby was great - Although it was the same each day, and after 10 days I was tired of it!4. subway stop right by the hotel5. free internet in the lobbyThe Bad:1. The front desk spoke little english, so was not able to help with getting around the city.2. It is located in a dark back alley, so it is hard to find. the picture you see from the website is not the main entrance, so it is misleading.3. There is not much around the hotel when we arrived. It looked like a mcdonalds was being built so that woudl be a bonus at this point.4. When we checked out the front desk would not call us a cab, so this was problematic getting to the airport.In short - I am not sure this is the place to stay if you do not speak the local language, or have a family. I was difficult to find things to eat by the hotel for the kids, though the mcdonalds that is being built would have been huge!	
Mar 5 2009 	Great value new hotel in good area by Birds Nest	I stayed in this hotel for a week in January and another week in March. This is a new hotel in the Holiday Inn group, which has numerous hotels in Beijing and elsewhere in China. The Express brand normally appeals to those on business - rooms are wll priced, they include a decent breakfast and broadband is free. This place attracts a lot of domestic bus tour groups. Staff here are excellent - quite a few English speakers. Hotel is about 2 blocks from subway, which is a real plus. Only downside is that the hotel building has a poor standard of construction. I've stayed in several rooms and the usual Chinese plumbing problems are everywhere. But overall this is a great value hotel and priced very well for Beijing.	
Dec 5 2008 	LIke an Ex I couldn't stay away from	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Minzuyuan for a total of about six weeks from September through October '08. The hotel has a few problems, but for the rate I got (between 300-400 RMB depending on how early I booked), it is a steal. This is an extremely nice, new, modern hotel. Free internet access (in your room if you have a laptop or in the lobby if you don't) and an actual laundry room (buy tokens at the front desk) were major pluses given my lengthy stay. On the downside, service could be a bit slow when the tour busses hit (which they often did), no attempt was made to keep people from smoking in the non-smoking dining area (Welcome to China!), a few times I had no hot water, once no heat. Given how long I stayed, however, I was bound to experience some problems.The area is a bit surreal. The hotel looks out on the Ethnic Minority People's Park, kind of a mini-Epcot to show how happy all of China's ethnic minorities are. Next to that is, I kid you not, a beautiful mosque that has been converted into an OUTLET MALL!There are several new Chinese fast food restaurants just behind the hotel and a new &quot;China Town&quot; (no kidding...I thought Beijing was a China town) with a first floor filled with shops selling traditional Chinese goods and a second more akin to the Silk Market. The hotel is near the Beitucheng Subway Station, at the intersection of Lines 10 and 8. That means it is not close to major tourist attractions, besides the Olympic venues which attract many Chinese tourists.	
Sep 14 2008 	Nice Hotel - handy local area	We stayed at this hotel during the Paralympics in Beijing. We were looking for a less expensive alternative to all of the &quot;official&quot; hotels endorsed by the local organizing committee, and this one was great.The hotel appears to have been newly built or re-decorated, as everything is sparkling clean and brand-new. The lobby and common areas of the hotel are beautiful, and staff are constantly cleaning to keep it that way. Our rate came with breakfast daily, and the food was pretty good. The daily offering was pretty much the same, with Asian and western breakfast basics such as toast, jam, bacon, sausage, potatoes, fried rice, congee, eggs, tea and coffee, and juice. Food is refreshed constantly, so we never had to wait for anything.Hotel staff is very polite, and try very hard to speak English, although some do better than others. The front desk staff all speak a bit of English, and one or two quite well.The rooms were well appointed, and the bathrooms are GREAT! It had the best shower I have ever experienced in a hotel - it was large (big enough for at least 2 people), and had a large, luxiourius spray. Soap, shampoo, toothbrush and paste, hairdryer are provided by the hotel. We found the beds a bit hard, but we got used to them after a while. The TV was a large flatscreen.The hotel was within easy walking distance to the Olympic Green (20 minutes), and there are lots of local restaurants, including take-out places. Overall, a great experience. I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it	
Jul 12 2009 	????????		
