Nov 22 2009	Joy City Hotel Beijing	right next to shopping complex, very convenient location!	
Oct 15 2009 	Room is OK service horrible	I booked my room trough latestays.com . They didnt like that I had the lowest rate possible . They let me know that when checking in by being extremely rude. Staff is very unhelpfull here. Staff does not speak english only chinese. Some speak very little english but dont actually understand a word you say. Only if you keep it very very simple they might understand you but even then usually they wont. Rooms dont get cleaned on a daily basis . Someone of the cleaning staff comes in your room and pretends to clean it. Not even your bed gets made up properly. If you can get the lowest possible rate and you have to be in this area you can stay here. Aslong as you dont minde the rude staff and except for the room you dont need anything from the hotel. I should aslo mention that the hotel is very loud . You can hear the people in the room next to you and you can hear people in the hallways making lots of noises .	
Oct 7 2009 	My 'HOME' away from home.	Typing this review from my hotel room as it has free internet access!!We were upgrade to a 2 Bedroom suite so you can say that our stay was great! Our suite consisted of 2 bedrooms, a hall with a kitchen (complete with electric kettle, washing machine, microwave machine, full-size fridge and a stove top cooker)! There is a 60&quot; HDTV in each bedroom and also in the hall. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms lovely. We had our 5-night stay so we REALLY made use of most of the kitchen, right down to washing our clothes for the long stay.The hotel is right next to a hugh shopping mall - Joy City Shopping Mall. That's great as we can find good and cheap food on the 6th, 7th and 8th floor. The mall has many shops which sold many good quality products of international brands.Breakfast spread was really quite good and a great way to start our day of fun and shopping!!TIP: The mall is connected to the hotel via a security door on the ground floor. You just have to swipe your hotel room card at the security detector point (on the mall side) and the door will lead you to the hotel lift lobby.	
Aug 4 2009 	A perfect stay	My husband and I stayed there for several nights right after Chinese new year. I asked my brother to book through http://www.ctrip.com/. The rate was 398/night, quite reasonable for standard room and we were upgraded to a business suite. The suite is modern and clean. There is a bedroom and a living room with open kitchen. I actually invited friends to come and have a cup of tea before dining out. Location is perfect, close to subway and airport bus, 5 to 10 minutes walk. There are several shopping malls around with nice restaurants. It was a perfect stay and great value for the money.	
Jun 29 2009 	In need of housekeeping!	I stayed there for 10 days in May. I had a large &amp; bright corner room but the place is not as clean as one would expect. Mildew around the tiles in the shower and dozens of greassy fingerprints on the door were the most obvious. I complained to reception but didn't see much difference. By the way, reception was not the most efficient except for a young german lady. It took them 2 days &amp; a lot of explanations to understand I was not checking out but only moving from a solo traveler status to part of a group.It's too bad because the nearby subway station &amp; the adjacent huge shopping mall with 3 storeys of restaurants make the location interesting.	
Jun 25 2009 	valuable hotel in Beijing	I booked this hotel though a china travel website. We stayed 4 nights in there. The hotel is better than our expectations. First, it upgraded as business room for double bed. The room is clean, big and good in fecilities. The services is acceptable. At least, they respond quickly to my request. The quality of breakfast is fairly good, the staff pick off the dishes as well. The kettle is dirty and carpet is dirty. Location is excellent. The bell-boy can speck English.	
May 14 2009 	Great intro to China	We found the staff to be very friendly, room was comfortable however more attention needs to be taken with cleaning the floors as there were black hairs everywhere. Unfortunately the bed was VERY hard something you don't need after a 20 hour flight. Great location with access to a shopping centre and ATM's via a walkway on the 6th floor. Great breakfast with heaps to choose from both western and asian style cuisine. Also, love the bar in the lobby - the barman is a gem and a pretty good snooker player.We had fun.TIP: If using the fridge in your room leave the cupboard door ajar so the heat from the motor can escape - we found it worked better that way.	
Jan 29 2009 	Quiet clean comfortable	My children and I enjoyed staying in this hotel over the Christmas period. The rooms were clean, warm and roomy.They had all the necesary amenities in the room. Our holiday package included breakfast. And again, my children and I enjoyed the great variety of breakfast put out by the hotel. However, the restaurant were pretty packed during breakfast and they didn't have enough waiters and waitresses to clear the tables.One thing, do not lose your room key card. A member of our tour group lost her card and had to pay RMB50 to get a new one.	
Jan 24 2009	NEVER AGAIN. joy city hotel	The hotel looks good, and the first inpression of the room is not bad. then you take of the shoes and you look for the slippers and you note that there are long hairs in the corridor and in the room, so you look in the toilet and in the SHOWER and there are HAIRS too.i've called 3 times the service to clean the room but the hairs were still there. about the GLASSES are dirty and if you complain, thery are cleened with a towel... not changed.if you complain at the front desk thay says that is a problem they know and offers you to change the room but will not send someone to clean the room.the laundry service is a fine.never had such a dirty room neither a such bad service.	
Jan 23 2009	Great location excellent stay	Stayed here 4 nights in January with our China Spree tour group. The hotel is connected to the Joy City shopping mall which was very convenient. There is an enclosed walkway from both the lobby and the 6th floor between the hotel and the mall. There are 4 ATM's on the 6th floor of the mall just beyond the hotel - this was super convenient since we arrived in China late on a Friday and would not be able to get local currency easily. The subway is about 2 blocks away, with elevated walkways over the main streets.Beautiful room: modern and clean with an excellent view. Beware, some rooms overlook or look right into the mall. Instant coffee and tea for free in the room, also 2 bottles of drinking water each day. Our room was very hot, and the thermostat did not work properly, otherwise I would give a 5 star rating. Luckily the window opens, so we could get some fresh cool air.	
Nov 17 2008	Quiet clean hotel after long flight!	We stayed here for 3 nights in November. Our room was extremely nice, clean - nice robe and slippers in room - also tooth brushes, shaving kit and shampoos. Adjacent to many stores and across from restaurants and more stores. Loved walking around after dinner as everything is lit up like Las Vegas. Everyone at the hotel was very nice and helpful. Breakfast Buffet was great - lots of choices Any questions, i would only be too happy to answer them for you. Beijing is truly a fascinating city!	
Oct 28 2008	Joy at Joy City	We stayed three nights at the Joy City Hotel in Beijing with our tour group. The hotel was clean and comfortable. We asked for a room with a king sized bed and found the room to be much larger than a room with two single beds. The staff at the Joy City were curtious and professional. A buffet breakfast was served daily and was quite good (not great). Eggs cooked to order and a nice selection of western and Asian food. Plenty of room in the dining room.The hotel is also attached to a shopping mall that is accessible on the ground floor. The pool area on the sixth floor was very nice and the staff very attentive. Two bottles of complimentary water are in the room as well as a mini bar selection. Two toothbrushes, toothpaste, comb, razor, shampoo, conditioner are all included in the room. Free coffee and tea are also in the room. A kettle is provided to boil water for drinking.The bed was hard (like all beds in China) but comfortable. Pillows were great.We did not try the restaurants in the hotel other then the buffet each morning. The gift store was never open while we were there. The hotel is a short 2 minute walk to the Xi'dan shopping center. McDonalds, KFC are just around the corner and Starbucks, Dairy Queen and other eateries are located in the six story mall.The reception staff didn't acknowledge us at the counter unless we spoke up first. But, very helpful once you got thier attention. Check out takes a bit longer than other hotels as they send a person to check your room for additional charges before you leave.	
Sep 22 2008 	New hotel - lots to learn	I was there with work (as were many of my colleagues) and while I didn't have many issues with the room I was staying in I've heard some stories of issues!!My room was a large room with 2 single beds, a kitchenette area and a bathroom (with only shower). It was always at the right temperature and I could get 3 international channels on the telly (BBC world news, CNN and HBO movies). There was a dvd player also (but I didn't use this as I'd not taken any dvd's with me!)I had heard of rooms being too cold and that maintenance couldn't turn off the aircon at all despite numerous attempts so people were sleeping in fridges. Generally every bit of services was polite but slow. Checking out was especially tedious as they check your room while you wait to check out!!I'm not sure if it represented good value for money at all but it worked for our organisation in the most part .. I just think they have a lot to learn to speed things up and make it a better place to stay.	
May 17 2008 	Not really a good value!	Very friendly and helpful staff but not well organized. If you want to change money, they have to look up the rates in the internet. There are no international TV programs available. The breakfast is poor.The hotel was opend in Feb. 08 but already shows the lack of managment. The carpets are dirty, the furniture and wooden parts dispaly scratches, cables and tools of the housekeeping were spread on the floor for the whole day and no work was going on, etc. A better management would see this.I had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on and was disturbed several times in the afternoon and evening for no reason.The use of the internet in the business center ist way to expensive. 5 US$ for ten minutes!I moved on to the &quot;days inn forbidden city&quot; definitely the better choice!	
Aug 4 2009 	Dommage !		
Jul 5 2009	schoenes Stadthotel		
Jun 10 2009 	???????????????		
