Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful experience...	I was very pleased with the Kerry Centre. From check in, the staff were very helpful, their English was good and the room was beautiful! The bathroom was spacious, stocked with everything you could think of and the amenities were of exceptional quality. The shower head was the best I have ever experienced in a hotel. Every evening, the bed was turned down, slippers provided, remote controls placed on the bed. Very much appreciated! Room was clean, towels were thick and soft. The Horizon club is their private restaurant area, they provided a good selection of things to choose from for breakfast. At the end of the day, there was a complimentary happy hour that was very nice as well. Good selection of drinks and snacks. Staff there were very attentive.	
Oct 8 2009 	Home away from home	This hotel was my home away from home for several weeks while I worked at the Beijing Olympics. The hotel staff was excellent - especially the front desk &amp; concierge who were extremely helpful for a foreigner who doesn't know Chinese. They recommended restaurants and shopping, directed taxi drivers in the right direction and helped with plenty of last minute requests! Housekeeping was great and I loved getting fresh fruit and plenty of clean water every morning. The housekeeping staff also was helpful in clearing out the mini-bar after I expressed I wasn't interested in having those items - they also took care of extra hangers during my long stay. The fitness center was top notch - it is also a local club for residents. The pool, sauna and spa was beautiful. The restaurant had a great mix of local and western food selections. The breakfast buffet was awesome and can be free if you join the Shangri-La members club. There is also a coffee bar and sandwich shop for quicker options. I stayed in two rooms at this hotel. The first was a basic room with queen bed, large tv, small couch and big work space/counter. The room had big windows looking out on the business sector of Beijing. Heat and AC worked great. The second room was a suite -- with main room with sitting area with tv, and full desk. The bedroom had another tv and small couch, CD player, makeup counter and large closet space.	
Sep 18 2009 	Clean but not a great Location	Room are spacious &amp; clean. The Staff are really helpful &amp; most of them can speak english. To get to the subway took around 7-8 mins. Most of my time where out sightseeing &amp; shopping so I didn't get a chance to use their facilities.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent hotel	5 stars all the way. Huge dining area with a fantastic selection of food for breakfast and dinner. So much choice of food for all tastes. There's also a wine bar, a cafe, business centre with internet access, gift shop etc There's a shopping mall attached to the hotel with clothes shops, subway sandwich shop, restaurants, and a super market where you can buy everything for dirt cheap. The rooms were fantastic too. Id highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 14 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	This place is great. I give it 5 stars for location because it is 100 yards from my office in BJ. Always friendly service. Rooms are always clean. Food is good. Breakfast upstairs in the Club bit is excellent. All round a good place to stay - for business. Wouldn't take the wife here.	
Jun 6 2009 	Review	Kerry Center is conveniently located in the new CBD of Beijijng. Since my office ( I have moved to India recently) was a stone thro distance from the Hotel. From 2004 to 2008 the area has transformed itself all because of Olympics.Though the tariffs are on the higher side compared to other business hotels, the rooms are well appointed. The bar at the ground floor is a good get away when we are back from a hard day's work.The room service menu is ok for someone who is not very picky about eating though.Could not try out any of the restaurants.	
May 23 2009 	Like it and can highly consider coming back	Stayed in the Kerry Centre, May 12-16 (4 nights). Last time I was in town I stayed in the next block, Traders Hotel. Think this one is a few notches better. Rooms a bigger here. Essentially I appreciated complimentary broadband access.Both the Kerry and Traders give me a &quot;dark impression&quot;. Why are the rooms set in dull brownish colors? I would have valued lighter room interiors with some vivid color spots! Like the fact that they are generous with complimentary water bottles. Front desk people very service minded and diligent. Breakfast was not included and I am more in for a quick coffee and bagel so I did breakfast each day at the French café across the street, left. Yet they serve very good espressos in the white/orange café of the hotel.Can also recommend the XIAO WANG's Home Restaurant, just across the street left -- one block away. They serve fantastic food! See enclosed pic for more details.Tried the gym, which was big although it felt a bit dated. Guess I shouldn't complain since it served me needs of burning off some calories and over coming jet-lag. Walking distance to Silk Market (15 mins). Traffic is very tense though and crossings are unfortunately not pedestrian friendly. Taxis are cheap too!	
May 18 2009 	All around great hotel	I stayed here for business for 4 nights in May. The level of service was outstanding and the people there very helpful. Twice we had to call the hotel to have someone there explain to our taxi driver how to get there (there are multiple Shangri La's in the Beijing, and taxis tend to go to the one they know, rather than the specific one you request) and they were able to get us back on track. The breakfast buffet is huge - I tried to order a smaller meal off the menu the first day and was told only the buffet was available. I have a feeling you could argue the point, but I didn't bother. After that, I got breakfast elsewhere. One thing to note that wasn't mentioned to me upon check in is that you need to put your key in the slot by the door once in the room to activate the lights. I figured it out, but being jet-lagged and a bit bleary, it took a few minutes. I would recommend it - it was convenient to our offices and certainly a great hotel overall.	
Apr 29 2009 	one of best hotels in Beijing	Shangri-la Kerry centre is a good choice as a hotel in Beijing. Its located in the CBD and is very near to the famous silk market. Some of the olympic stadia are a short taxi ride away. Friendly staff who know English. Beijing is so big and traffic an issue, so better to stay close to where you will primarily work	
Apr 28 2009	Simply superb hotel!	The hotel was amazing immaculate and spotless. The lobby is large and airy and the friendly staff are always on hand to welcome guests and offer assistance. Our room was a good size with two very comfy beds and a spacious bathroom and shower area.The bathroom mirror was heated so it didn't steam up when you used the shower or bath. The towels were really big and fluffy and changed as often as you wanted. The main restaraunt offered an amazing selection for both breakfast and dinner if you chose to dine there. There was always something to suit everyones taste, english, continental and asian food was on offer every morning. The only fault I could find was that drinks were very expensive in the restraunt and in the mini bar in your room. However there is a supermarket in the Kerry mall below the hotel where drinks can be purchased and taken to your room. .The hotel will provide you with two small bottles of complimentary water each day.There are other resturants in the hotel and mall but we chose to eat out at night.If you want to get out and about the reception will give you a map and write your destination down in chinese for the taxi driver and give you an idea of how much it should cost, this is very useful as the taxi drivers usually don't speak english.If I ever go back to Beijing I will most certainly be staying in this hotel again!	
Apr 15 2009 	Wonderful service stunning fitness center very helpful staff	The Kerry Centre Shangri-la was a wonderful choice. One of the nicest hotel fitness centers I have seen anywhere in the world, an amazing complimentary breakfast and evening cocktail buffet in a lovely room for members of the frequent guest program, but even without that, the rooms were very nice, including a deep bathtub, a very nice working desk and plenty of outlets. The staff could not have been more helpful with directions, and the bar, Centro was great fun for people watching. I would highly recommend this for those who like high-end business hotels.	
Apr 11 2009 	Nothing to write home about ! cost double than it should.	OK hotel, Low value for the $$Go to the Regent - half the price double the quality and style !	
Mar 31 2009 	Don't Drink the Water !!!	Who would have thought that a hotelof this caliber has non-potable tap water! Well it does and my friend is paying for it in the next room. The hotel room info book does in fact state this; found it as I looked to see how I get ice.No wonder bottled water is provided free each day - should have been a clue.	
Jan 5 2009 	Large welle quipped but expensive	Stayed here for one night having travelled down on evening flight from Shanghai. Large luxurious hotel, very well equipped and efficient but possibly lacking character. Room very comfortable and clean - bathroom part wet room.. Only had breakfast which was fine, however sampled cocktail bar which was crowded loud and expensive- apparently it is one of the in places in Beijing selling more champagne than anywhere else. Health club huge including indoor tenis. Check in and out efficient.Convenient for embassy and centre of Beijing.	
Dec 14 2008 	needs an update	I thought the hotel had a great location. It was close to the Silk Market and shopping. The rooms looked dated and could use a makeover -especially since we just checked out of the new JW Marriott in Beijing. The rooms were larger than at the Marriott, but not as nice. The hotel is showing its age. The Kerry Center mall had a supermarket and I believe it might have a laundry service downstairs. Elevators were fast and soundproof..	
Nov 25 2008 	Check out other five-star hotels before committed...not a true Shangri-la	Stayed at this hotel for two nights for a work conference held at the premises. I was disappointed by the tired bedroom (a 4* standard) and the surprisingly insincere and occasionally rude staff (except the housekeepers). For the kind of money that I paid, I could have stayed at nearby China World Hotel (also managed by Shangri-la) or Grand Hyatt, both have more upscale decor and better value. The Kerry Centre Shangri-la also made many newly built hotels on the Financial Street, such as InterContinental and Westin a steal! I have no clue what justifies the KCS to charge that much money. One reason could be its mega sports centre that comes with racquet club, swimming pool, sauna, gym, etc. If you plan to swim, make sure you bring a swimming cap which is mandatory.	
Nov 2 2008 	very friendly and professional	The Kerry Centre is a large hotel and commercial complex however the staff are friendly and the facilities are excellent. Rooms are furnished to a high standard, large and clean. Beware however Beijing is a large city and its easy to over estimate distances, the staff will help you so do not be afaird to ask. The hotel is also a favourite with local embassy staff so the staff are used to foreigners. Bejing is wonderful, visit.	
Nov 1 2008 	Good hotel good service close to subway	I was in Beijing for a conference at this same hotel. I was very satisfied - the carpets in the rooms do appear a bit dingy, but everything else was great - the service, the food, the room...all very good! I also liked the fresh apple and complimentary bottled water.The hotel is located in the heart of the financial district which is undergoing massive change and new construction....it's a very exciting time in Beijing! The hotel is a 4-minute walk from the nearest subway line - a brand new stop that offers you great connections throughout the city (I strongly recommend the subway over the taxi's for most of the main attractions - given all the traffic, you'll get there much faster, and the subway is very easy to navigate for Westerners, (unlike the bus system)).Overall, I was more than satisfied with my stay. I hope the hotel offers an updated map soon! The map the hotel gives out was very useful, compared to our guide books, etc., but the new subway lines were not listed yet.	
Oct 18 2008 	Very disappointed with this hotel considering it was rated 5 star in the travel	The lobby area is quite vast but very bear. The staff are friendly enough though. This hotel is located in the heart of the financial area of Beijing and overlooks some empty office buildings. There is a direct walk way into the Kerry Center shopping Mall which is like a ghost town ! We found that the bedroom was quite nice but not very modern. No flat screen t.v. which was a surprise and the carpets felt a bit unclean. The bathroom was nice enough - what you would expect in a decent hotel. We were disappointed in the restaurant which resembled a high school diner although the food was good. One of the best things that this hotel can offer is the Centro Bar which is very trendy and attracts a lot of locals looking for a good night out. If you are looking for a top rate hotel then I would certainly not recommend it. It is more for business people happy to accept a clean comfortable hotel with good service. This may sound picky but the staff uniforms looked very worn - not a good first impression for a four/five star rated hotel !	
May 28 2008 	Good business hotel	A very good business hotel based in the CBD area. The surrounding area is going through a building boom and is very dusty etc. The hotel's swimming pool and sports facilities are really first class.Food is on expensive side, but cater for european tastes very well.I would stay here again any time.	
May 23 2008	Nice Home Base in Beijing	The Shangri-la Kerry Centre Hotel in Beijing was a great place to return to each day while in Beijing. The room was very comfortable and very nicely appointed. The staff were very friendly and accomodating.I had a problem with the A/C in my room (making loud banging noises) that was never resolved, but I was able to work around it for the week I was there.The restaurants, mall, and conference center rooms were all convenient and quality.	
May 19 2008 	China is Unprepared	The company I work for recently had a conference there and boy was that an experience:a) Check-in - I checked in later than everybody else and I still had problems. The receptionist couldn't find my reservation and asked me for my passport. When I showed it to her she said she still couldn't find it. The huge surprise was when she asked me what was my name in English which I replied, it is in English! Then she asked me what company I worked for. I told her and she said that company doesn't have any reservation either. In which case I got very upset as I walked to a nearby chaperone from the company conference borrowed the signed and pointed at the logo on it. Would you imagine that after 300+ people have already checked-in and they still don't know which company? Some would have thought that they may just have gotten used to the name by then. Apparently quite a few of the conference delegates had the same problem.b) The Room - after I checked in, me and my wife walked into the room and saw 2 single beds. We were quite shocked as during the check-in, my wife was with me. The bell-hop walks in with the luggage, takes one look at us and looks at the bed and starts calling reception. At this point I figured the bell-hops are way smarter than the check-in staff. We eventually moved to a room with a king size bed.c) Concierge - I needed to go to a particular address so I asked the concierge . He called them up and asked for the location. Eventually he pulls out a map and with a pen, highlights a neighbourhood area roughly 3 blocks in size. So I ask him, where is it? He then circles at the whole huge area. He then just stands there as if he's done his job. I then ask him, how far is it? He then says 5 to 10 mins walking distance. Since I didn't feel like walking I ask him to give directions to a taxi. I take the taxi and I get there. More like 10-15mins by taxi! Glad I didn't take his advice.d) Furniture and Fittings - I've had way better 5 Star hotels. Don't expect LCD Screens with beautiful contemporary furniture. Expect worn down furniture with very old fittings. This hotel has seen better days and is due for a re-fit.Overall - the staff are unhelpful and they don't understand English. I've recently been to Japan and felt that although they don't understand English, their service level is way better. This hotel is supposed to be a 5-Star hotel. Doesn't feel like it. Would I pay money for it? Nope. I've been to different hotels around the world and this isn't world class. Its provincial.	
Apr 28 2008	Excellent hotel near the financial district	Booked a premier room on the Horizon Club floor. It is a roomy mini suite with all the amenities. Free in-room wifi, razor blades, toothpaste and toothbrush, a scale, and even a nail clipper. Complimentary bottle water and fruit baskets are refill each day. The room was very kept and very clean and the bathroom was large and the towels are the thickest and largest that I have ever encountered. The services quality and the staff's attentiveness is world class.My only disappointment about the hotel is the quality of the food. We tried all three restaurants/café in the hotel and the quality left much to be desired (I was told this is typical in all hotels, in fact the Horizon Chinese restaurant was one of the highest rated hotel-based restaurant in the city. Tried to venture out for some local restaurants (cab fares are extremely cheap in Beijing). The high quality local restaurant will cost less than 1/3 of what is costs in the hotel and much better quality.	
Apr 14 2008	Good Business Hotel	Very well run hotel, ideally placed for business and financial centres, close to Embassy district, but a little way out for City centre.....not necessarily a bad thing ( as its quieter) but not many restaurants or bars around other than in hotel, which are very good but expensive by Chinese standards. Good spacious rooms, very efficient service	
Mar 9 2008 	Thought it was great	I stayed there twice last week - the beginning and end of a business trip to China. I stayed in two other hotels during the trip, and this was clearly the best. The rooms were clean, in good shape, and the housekeeping staff did a great job. They had all of the five star amenities, except for maybe a bathroom scale. They had a buffet in the restaurant for breakfast each day, and for dinner the one night I went to dinner. Great selection. Its a pricey hotel to be sure, but at least you get solid service. Some people said this is off the beaten path, but for business I think it was fine. It was a ten minute walk to the Silk Street Pearl Market (a great destination to score bargains on almost anything - sort of like a flea market on steroids in a shopping mall format) and a new higher end mall called &quot;The Place&quot;). There is a lot of construction going on in the neighborhood. The conceirge staff was capable. Everyone spoke English, I used the business center and the people there were helpful too. I visited the mall that is built-in to hotel. It is mostly high-end very expensive stores. There is a Citi-bank with an ATM (you have to go outside to the street to get to the ATM), and there is a grocery store.	
Jan 30 2008	brilliant	We visited Beijing in October 2007 and it was a trip that I have been wishing to do since being very young so you can imagine our delight when both the hotel and the city were as beautiful as I had wished. The Kerry Centre is a modern, luxurious hotel with all the amenities you could possibly wish for. We had two rooms with inter-connecting doors and two huge (and may I say very comfortable) beds in each room and Cable TV with numerous channels.The bathroom was the best bathroom I have showered in during my many years of travelling. Even if I tried, I could not fault a thing. The lobby area was spacious and all the staff went out of their way to help with any question or query you may have had. Breakfast was a treat and well worth getting up early. Chinese or International breakfast or a mixture was in plentiful supply. I could write on and on why this hotel was my favorite but I wont...I will just say to anyone planning to visit Beijing that you MUST stay at the Kerry Centre. It is a hotel of true elegance and luxury.To the hotel that made my trip of a lifetime extra special… 5 stars!Ann Wang localnoodles	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Hotel in Beijing	We stayed a total of 6 nights in the Kerry Centre in Beijing over the Xmas period. From the moment we got there to the moment we left we had a wonderful time. The room was big with a lovely bathroom and very comfortable beds. We ate in the restaurant on the first day we got there, the food was fine. The breakfast each morning was simply amazing, such a wide selection of food! The staff were always very very friendly and welcoming.There was no wireless Internet access in the room even thought there was in the lobby which was a tad annoying. Also, the cost to launder clothes was a bit much in our opinion. We're from Ireland and used to a lot of things being expensive but were shocked how expensive this was in the hotel.	
Dec 28 2007 	Haven For Jet Lagged Travelers	Maybe my experience was jaded due to the terrible jetlag I had after flying from Chicago, but I found the Kerry Centre to be a fabulous hotel, and just what I needed after a long flight to an unfamiliar country.My fiance stayed here for two nights on stopover to Bangkok, and this hotel was akin to a warm blanket...comfortable and relaxing. As this was my first time in China, it was great to be able to return to a first rate hotel at the end of a a long (and cold day) of sigthseeing. We even chartered a car and driver from the hotel to visit the Great Wall... expensive at $150 for the day, but the driver was great, friendly, and waited for us both at the Wall and at the Silk Market while we shopped. (Car was a top of the line Audi A8, too!)Rooms were modern with plenty of space. Hotel restaurant had delicious and extensive buffet for breakfast and dinner. Great stay...would definitely recommend to help balance the sensory overload of being in Beijing for the first time.	
Nov 6 2007 	rather OK	Very decent hotel, good rooms and restaurant OK (slightly overpriced though).Location isn't too great, but there is a subway at about 10 minutes and a great restaurant not far.	
Oct 7 2007 	Is this really a 5-star? So much for a Shangri-la hotel.	Moved into this hotel after staying at the Regent Beijing. What a BIG contrast?? Can you really call this a 5-star hotel? Anyway - didn't get a king-size bed as requested. No free in-room internet access. Place was ok clean but OLD. VERY old, indeed. It was so unpleasant. Carpet needs to be changed and couches had stains and hence, I kept myself away from them during my entire stay. Housekeeping was quite good. They will arrange to clean your room and then in the middle of the day they will come in again to do whatever. I notice this because I went back to my room in the late afternoon and noticed that things were moved even tho I was sure they have cleaned my room earlier. I was fine with it but for some travellers, it may mean locking up your stuff.I only had one breakfast during my entire day. Food was horrible. Coffee was alright. Not much of a variety and some food looks like leftover. Just to be fair, however, went back to the same restaurant for afternoon tea and food was awesome. Check-out desk was extremely unhelpful. My request was denied without consulting the senior and when I prompted for suggestions the answer is &quot;nothing&quot;. Everything is negative and I was pissed. Only when I told them how ridiculous it is for a 5-star hotel to not be able to assist me did the staff consult her supervisor. I was pissed. Concierge desk was not helpful either. They were more like bouncers than anything. Quite intimidating. Only on the last day did I meet someone who was nice enough to give us some recommendations! Oh well...So much for a shangri-la hotel.	
Sep 22 2007 	Clean But Average Hotel	The Kerry Centre was very much an average hotel. The rooms were clean and spacious and the service was OK. There is a shopping mall beneath the hotel that was fun to poke around in. My biggest gripe was that it is well off the beaten path in a gigantic city, a fact that I wish I'd been told when we booked the hotel. That meant taking cabs everywhere which, in Beijing traffic means sitting in traffic a lot. Also, there are not many restaurants in the area. We tried &quot;western food&quot; from room service and it was pretty bland.	
Sep 21 2007 	They Cheated Us!	The front office staff are either liars or they don't even know what the guest are entitled to.Our company held a major function there. They front office staff told some of us that the room rate includes free internet but when you check out, they deny everything.I must get hotel staff to write down and ask them to sign their names next time when they say anything.One of my colleague even got charged extra because she was said to have brought friends for the buffet breakfast, which she obviously didn't. My colleague vehemently refused to pay for it. My colleague told me they solved the problem by assigning the cost to another guest....!The hotel by itself is reasonable, although for an expensive hotel like this i expected the front office to understand English better.Rooms were clean and quiet. Beds were fine also.The breakfast spread was not too bad but not tasty.Location wise, within walking distance to the China World Shopping Mall and the subway...approx 15min walking distance.Overall the stay was alright but I am very sickened by their inconsistency. I will advise my company not to use them anymore. Even as I was checking out, you can see guest arguing with he front desk over charges and things like that!If you are going to stay here, make sure you get them to put things in writing. Otherwise they may pull a fast one on you.	
Jul 3 2007 	Flowers service even a birthday cake!	I was in Beijing for a month on biz from May to June. It is very well suited as a BIZ-friendly hotel: modern, sparkling clean, spacious, gentle colors, great gym facilities (pool and HUGE hot tub), CBD location next to China World Hotel, embassies, and the attached mall carries added conveniences (well priced dry cleaning, photo services, convenience store, pizza). No complaints. The other reviewers cover these various points quite well. The ADDITIONAL reasons that you should really consider it are:- fresh flowers, fruit and complimentary bottled water every day; great for tourists- concierge team was tremendously helpful and patient in setting up appointments, recommending restaurants, directing taxi drivers, clarifying logistical details that are important to getting from A to B on time, and knowing what to expect when you arrive. I'd suggest you fully utilize their skills.- sent me a birthday cake on my bday, which was a very nice detail, absolutely unnecessary- the general managers occasionally holds cocktail receptions (and ATTENDS) to thank long-term or repeat guests, but also to understand the needs/preferences of his guests - a very personal touch from the top guy; someone pays attention! BTW, the champagne was FABULOUS!- finally, i spoke with the turndown service and the woman was happy to comply with my request, and remembered for the rest of my stay. - gigantic, fluffy towels and comfort heaven robesSo overall, it was perfect for me, the biz traveller. I appreciated the hotel's efficiency, personal touches from the top all the way to the everyday staff, and all the amenities stuff the hotel offers. It was so great that it was hard LEAVING the hotel to do touristy stuff on the weekends... I wanted to stay in all the time!! And in Beijing, that's just ridiculous bec/ there's so much to do, eat and experience. When I did venture out, it was such a PLEASURE coming back to the hotel. Hope you get to stay at the Kerry Center, it was fun competent and comfortable.	
May 10 2007	i love the Kerry like a 5 star hotel	Fist off, I own a home in Hangzhou and travel to China every other month. I love the Kerry center and think that it's comparable to any 5 star in China. I stayed at the Peninsula last week (a 5 star) and was disappointed that i did not stay at the Kerry. The Kerry has beautiful, spacious rooms. A very sweet, hip bar/restaurant in the lobby and as the last review stated, an AMAZING escort service to the airport. We literally were escorted throughout the entire airport and onto our plane from a rep from our hotel. They also carried our luggage throughout the whole airport for us (it's like being a celebrity).I love love love the Kerry and would stay there again and again and again.	
Apr 22 2007 	Excellent business hotel for the price.	I stayed at the Kerry Centre Shangri_la the week of April 9. This being my first trip to Beijing, I found the hotel to be entirely acceptable, and would stay again. I especially liked the car service from the airport to the hotel. I've never moved so swiftly through immigration (except maybe Mexico). It seems the hotel and the airport have an arrangement. I was met by an airport representative as I exited the jetway, and escorted throughout the airport, until finally being dropped off at the car for the hotel. The room was nice, well appointed, nice shower/bath. Note: The water in the hotel is NOT potable. That is, you cannot drink it. Be careful. There is plenty of bottled water in the room provided by the hotel.I found the hotel staff to be pleasant and attentative.The breakfast buffet has something for everyone.The service in the hotel bar(Centro) is slow/borderline unacceptable. The staff is often absent, or talking amongst themselves. It might be easier if you go to the bar directly for your order. If you do place an order with a server, expect a 10 to 15 minute delay (this is when business is SLOW).After business, the hotel is a decent base for sightseeing. We had no trouble getting to the Great Wall, Temple of Heaven, or Tiananmen Square. At Tiananmen Square there are vendors everywhere, you can negotiate hard for a good deal.A final note. I was not prepared for the extraordinary amount of smog/air pollution in Beijing. The first 3 days I was in Bejing I did not see the sun, sky, moon or stars. The attached photo will give you an idea. Be prepared. Interestingly, I saw no birds in Beijing, no pigeons in a city of 15 million? No insects either, flies, butterflies, moths around the streetlights at night, nothing.I do look forward to a return trip, and will most likely stay at the Kerry Centre.	
Apr 15 2007	Good but not great!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in April 2007 - leading up to Easter. The hotel is very nice, but not quite up to other Shangri-la hotels in Asia e.g the superb Pudong in Shanghai. Despite what some may say, the location is not good. Out on the Eastern fringes of the CBD, and near some very ugly flyovers. The area around the hotel is also one big construction site, and like the rest of Beijing, the air is very poor and heavily polluted. Nowhere to walk from the hotel either - the pavements are non-existent. The room we had was fine, but the views nothing to speak of. Restaurants could be much better - there are only 2, and the better one (Chinese) can only be accessed from the connecting shopping center (Kerry Centre). The main buffet restaurant needs some subtle updating. Its decor and carpet resembles something out of the late 80s. All bright colours and bright lights. Bar Centro is very nice, and something of a &quot;hot spot&quot; for late night drinks. I am sure there are better appointed, and better located hotels to stay at in Beijing, but it was still an enjoyable stay overall.	
Apr 7 2007 	What you expect - Excellent Hotel	Our family stayed at this Hotel after looking at the reviews and getting some other advice. It was exactly what we expected from a hotel of this standard. It's a business hotel which in my opinion is great as business travellers are more demanding. We had two adjoining rooms which were of a high standard with all the usual requirements. Beijing is a construction zone so the location of your hotel really is not that important in my opinion, the driver was waiting for us each day. We booked a personal tour via dragon air and l can tell you it was fantastic, even the food at the restaurants they chose was excellent. Breakfast was also great at the hotel with everything you need. Overall a great hotel and place to visit.	
Nov 21 2006 	What a relaxing and pleasant surprise to add to your stay...	The reviews speak for themselves, but I wanted to suggest something we discovered when staying there last week. Across the street (diagnal toward the left when walking out main entrance) is a place called Foot to Foot. It is a nice spa (I had no idea what to expect, but went from recommendations from other travel colleagues with me) that specializes in foot massage. For about $10 (yes 10), you can get an hour long foot massage, that focuses on all the pressure points (they take their job very seriously), and includes a 10 minute shoulder, neck and back massage as well. I was very impressed, and if I discovered it earlier, would've gone every day! Popular among men and women, and completely legit and has the feel of a spa back home.	
Nov 7 2006 	Can't fault it	Stayed at this hotel during the last 3 days of our visit. It's a good business hotel. Breakfast was widespread, rooms are big and spacious, bathroom very well-equipped. And we got good weekend rates as it is in the business district. No problem with commuting as we take taxi everywhere we go. Seems like a quiet area as well. Liked it.Will stay again.	
Nov 6 2006 	Excellent service	Stayed a week at Kerry Center in an executive level room. Exec lounge is great for morning breakfast and evening relaxation. I don't know if our room was standard, but it was very large and well laid out. The gym was great. Excellent quality Life-Fitness equipment and very accommodating... they even opened early every day just for me.Somewhat limited restaurant selections in hotel, but a few good options in walking or short taxi distance. Check in and check out was very eficient and staff were friendly and helpful.	
Nov 5 2006 	Excellent service-Good Location	Stayed at the Kerry Centre for three nights at the start of a week long vacation through China. As it was off-season, I was able to get a standard room at a deep discount that included transfer to and from the airport via private car! As soon as I exited the plane I was met by a representitive from the hotel on the jetway. He ushered me to the immigration check-point where there were very long lines (quick tip, if you say &quot;nee how&quot;-hello to the immigration officer you will get qicker service). The hotel rep waited for me at the other side of immigration and led me to the private car waiting for me inside the parking garage. It was a quick trip to the hotel, as it is located just off the airport expressway at the edge of the city center. As soon I arrived I was met by another hotel rep and was immediatley led to my room where check-in formalities were conducted. The room was a standard buisness-class room; very functional and comfortable-nothing splashy. Wasn't able to get a reliable wifi signal but ethernet broadband was superfast and best of all free. There is shopping center connected to the hotel, its small but very useful: cheap meal at Papa Johns, Kodak Digital camera center was able to transfer photos from my camera's memory stick to CD, western banks including Citibank &amp; ABN-Ambro, starbucks and a small supermarket. Hotel is five minute walk to the Guomao subway station via the China World shopping mall. Didn't see many tourists using the subway in Beijing, but it's safe, clean,user-friendly, cheap, and will get you quickly to the Forbidden City/Tiamen square, Wangfujiang St., and the Lama Temple. When I arrived at the airport after checking-out, I was met by a hotel rep whose job it was to make sure I got to my departing flight and offer assistance. I mentioned I was going to try get on an earlier flight to Xian, and without any prompting, she took charge, led me to the airline desk, spoke to the airline clerk, and got me the earlier flight in about 60 seconds flat!!!! Amazing Customer service!!!!	
Oct 6 2006	Peace in the midst of chaos-a great place to stay.	A true Shangri-La experience, very similar to the Pudong, Shanghai-the staff were all excellent doing their best to make your stay trouble free-used room service food and restaurants, all good and the deli-great cakes!!! I had a foot massage to die for in the spa and the nail bar in the basement was great. Had a suite on the 12th floor, very quiet and the bathroom was top notch and the most comfortable of beds. A 10min taxi ride to the centre of Beijing, but this is no bad thing as it keeps you well away from the worst of the noise and chaos, and taxis are very cheap. Highly recommended in every way.	
Sep 24 2006 	Great place to stay	If you arrive in Beijing with jet lag &amp; need somewhere that's quiet &amp; restful with all the amenities then this hotel is perfect for you. Helpful, friendly, knowledgeable staff with good room service &amp; best of all free broadband in every room to help you stay in touch with the outside world when you're wide awake staring at the ceiling at 3am. Fantastic gym &amp; pool &amp; very cool 24 hour bar for night owls. Good central location &amp; decent value. Highly reccommended.	
Aug 30 2006	A very nice oasis amongst the construction site that is Beijing	Stayed here for 2 nights on a weekend break from Hong Kong. $100 by taxi from the airport and a very nice room to arrive to. The buffet breakfast is very nice, offering the full range of asian and western choices. The hotel overall is very clean, new looking and has high levels of service. Beijing is a huge city so there is no ideal location for a hotel. This one is a 5 minute walk (albeit past several constuction sites) to the easy to use and cheap subway that takes you straight to the main sights of the Forbidden city. Around the hotel there is very little at the moment but in a couple of years the whole place will have a very different look about it.	
Aug 23 2006 	One of best in Beijing	Clean, modern facilities and relatively classy for Beijing, where everything is full of baubles and ruffles. The rooms are spacious and have all the amenities you would expect from a hotel of this class.Although they claim their hotel staff is bilingual, most only speak very limited English. Service is average--the staff is slow to respond to many requests and for the most part do not seem to understand Western standards. For instance, at the bar, a waitress spilled a red cocktail on my friend's white dress. She mumbled, &quot;sorry&quot; and clumsily wiped it off the carpet, but did not do anything to help my friend. She did not bring towels, nor did she offer to have the dress drycleaned. The waitress also did not offer to take the drink off the bill. All of this was quite distressing but we were loathe to complain because we were having drinks with some important business clients. I think the Kerry Centre owes us an apology, a free drink, and a dry cleaning bill.Still, compared to other hotels I have stayed at in China, I am relatively pleased with my experience at the Kerry Centre.	
Jul 15 2006	A Spectacular Hotel the Service is first class to none		
May 1 2006 	Superb Hotel		
Apr 17 2006	Very nice		
Apr 10 2006 	Splendid service and amenities.		
Mar 1 2006	nice location		
Dec 9 2005 	Good Hotel		
Sep 7 2005 	Fabulous hotel - best I stayed in throughout China		
Aug 8 2005	one of the best		
Mar 30 2005	Perfect Place		
Sep 4 2004	Beautiful Hotel in a beautiful city		
Apr 24 2008	Hotel Tendance		
