Nov 14 2009 	Good value for money in the center of Beijing	This hotel 20 minutes walk of Tienanmen Sq and 5 mins to metro station.100m to shopping mall with cafes and restaurants.Rooms are comfortable with all amenities including high speed internet (80Y per day).	
Nov 13 2009 	A comfortable place to stay	I stayed at the Mercure Xidan for 5 nights in October 2009. I am an Accor member and at check in I was upgraded to an executive room. The room was good, everything worked, plenty of hot water, quiet, not much of a view but I wasn't in the room for the view.The hotel is ideally located - a 5 min walk to the Xidan subway and the large Xidan shopping complexes. Lots of shops, lots of food, KFC, McDonalds, Subway, the usual and all open till late.I used the subway every day - only 2 yuan to go anywhere! Plenty of self-serve ticket machines in Chinese/English.The 15-20 min walk to Tianamen Square is easy and enjoyable. I used the tour desk to organise a few train tickets for me - all done without fuss.A few of the staff spoke English better than others, but hey - this is China.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good location nice staff rooms were WARM	I spent a week in the Xidan for a conference (also held in the hotel). Overall, my experience was quite good. The rooms are comfortable if not luxurious. The staff is very attentive, although the level of English varied from excellent to not-so-great. I could barely put out the &quot;please make up my room&quot; hanger before one of the cleaning staff would show up (within 10 minutes). Like many Beijing hotels, they warn you not to drink the water and to use the bottled water they provide. Some of my colleagues drank from the tap with no ill effect, but who knows. The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing, and I recommend renting a bike to get around to some of the nearby sites if you are willing to risk riding in the crazy traffic. My room came with complimentary breakfast buffet, which was really good and included comforting Western staples like eggs, bacon, and Frosted Flakes.I have two small quibbles: #1 It was WARM. Hot in the hotel room, and very hot in the basement conference rooms. The AC system seemed to be turned off. I spent most of the conference in a polo shirt becuase it was at least 80 degrees. My room was at least 78 or 80 degrees at night. I didn't sweat to death, but it was much warmer than I would have wanted -- and it was 60-70 degrees outside! The traffic noise was much too loud to open the window. #2 The internet service is verrrry slowwwwww. Fine for text e-mails but beyond that, prepare to wait and wait and eventually time out. It reminded me of the old days of dial-up access.	
Oct 31 2009 	Close to many things..	First - a general warning in regards to most Beijing maps - look at the scale. Even the map the hotel provides made it seem like this hotel was a block away from Tianamen Square when it was a good 15-20 minute walk.This hotel was relatively cheap, and I think a good find in Beijing. It was West of Tianamen Square, a nice walk away or 2 subway stops. Two subway lines are within equal distance of the hotel, which is convinient to get almost anywhere in the city.This hotel is also close to the Pacific shopping mall, with many options for restaurants to eat at or places to shop for clothes.The property itself was nice - an elegant lobby with free wireless internet is there for you to use, along with comfortable seating. There was also a lobby bar that seemed popular with Westerners, though we never used it. The business centre provided reasonable prices to use the internet if you didn't have a computer for the free wireles.The front desk staff was friendly, and even included 2 caucasian's if you felt like you weren't communicating well with the local agents.Rooms were comfortable, but perhaps a bit in need of a renovation. I'm not sure how old the hotel or rooms are, but they could have used perhaps some nicer bedding and a bit of a refresh. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was large and spacious. There was also a mini-bar in every room with items are good prices to purchase.With so much to do in the city we didn't spend long in the rooms. They were quiet for sleeping, despite the construction happening next door and we were able to keep it cool from the sun outside.I'd recommend this hotel for anyone staying in Beijing. It's probably not the most unique or memorable hotel, but it suited our needs just fine and with all the surrounding food choice, and close public transit, we were incredibly content with it.	
Oct 5 2009 	Helpful	The 60th anniversary mandated curfew on this street where the hotel was. At our initiative, the hotel helped to move us away to Novotel Sanyuan without charge and even though our payment was non-refundable.Hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Room clean and tidy. Subway station of Xidan was near enough.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Hotel!	I stayed here for 3 nights from 15-18 September 2009, using the MasterCard - Accor Asia Summer Offer 2009 (One free night for every three nights). Average rate each night is CNY378.63 + CNY56.79 taxes.My flight arrived in Beijing at 6.35am and at 6.57am I took a taxi and reached Grand Mercure Hotel Xidan Beijing at 7.42am. Taxi fare is RMB91 plus toll RMB10.Avoid taxi during peak hours (7am-9am) &amp; (5pm-7pm), the traffic is bad.The Hotel staff give us a earlier check-in after 2 1/2 hour wait at the lobby, there is free WIFI at the lobby.The Hotel is located along Xuanwumen Nei Main Street (??????).There are 2 subway stations within walking distance from the Hotel, they are - (Line 1) Xidan(??)station and (Line 2) Xuanwumen(???)station.	
Sep 26 2009 	An ok hotel but nothing special	We stayed at the Mercure as it was part of a BA deal through Trailfinders. It was the best hotel on offer so we thought we'd give it a go.The hotel is fine - there's nothing really wrong with it - but it's just not anything special - especially if you've stayed at the Peninsular and Hilton Beijing Wangfujing.The room was very average - clean and comfortable - and although we were facing out onto the main road it was relatively quite.Breakfast was included in our booking and it edible but not really anything more than that. There were Asian specialities and some Western food but it was limited and the most disappointing thing was that most of the food was actually cold. This was the also the case when we tried the buffet one evening.The staff speak very limited English but were generally quite helpful and they definitely get a plus point for letting us check in at 10.30am after a long flight from London. They also get a plus point for their free internet and for the pool which was very nice.I know roughly what the rack rates are and I get the feeling it's slightly higher than it should be.	
Sep 24 2009 	When in town stay here.	Earlier this month my wife and I took a short break to Beijing, 4 days 3 nights. During our stay in Beijing we stayed in the Grand Mercure Hotel Xidan Beijing. The hotel is 4* and lived up to its name with a warm atmosphere sumptuous rooms as well as one of the best breakfast choices we have come across in South East Asia.Before travelling we checked out travel reviews on two other hotels we were offered and decided not to tempt providence. The Grand Mercure was well spoken off and certainly lived up to the comments written in a positive way.The hotel is centrally located for shopping and reaching Tiananmen Square etc. We had the use of transport whilst there but the Metro is close at hand also.The hotel has a swimming pool; spa, sauna and fitness centre for use by hotel guests as well as massage services for a nominal fee.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Beijing.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very nice hotel near the Forbidden City	We stayed here four nights and found it a very nice hotel. The rooms were comfortable, clean and well appointed. The staff was helpful for the most part even though I believe there was often a language barrier. The buffet breakfast was delicious with changing menus each morning and the cocktails in the lobby bar each evening were hearty. The hotel is located a few blocks from Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City which is not the hippest part of Beijing but still a good location. There are 2 Metro stations within 2 blocks and plenty of good Chinese and Western restaurants near the hotel. I recommend venturing into the hutong across from the hotel and eating at the second restaurant on the left. The food is fabulous!We all agreed that we would stay here again if in Beijing.	
Sep 17 2009	Taxi Trouble	We stayed here for 4 nights at the start of September. The hotel is conveniently situated with hutons and restaurants nearby, Times Square shopping mall next door, 2 subway stations and a short walk to Tiananmen Square. Breakfast was included and supplied a continental breakfast alongside a japanese one. The hotel had a pool and gym with a few CV machines and a multigym in the corner. Rooms were clean and staff were polite. The only trouble we had was getting back to the hotel! A number of times we tried with taxi drivers showing them the location on a map and even giving them the hotel card with the address written in Chinese however they pretended they didn't understand or couldn't read. We were later told by a local tour guide that taxi drivers don't like the location in Xidan because of the busy road and area. By day 2 we gave up and used the subway.	
Sep 7 2009 	Best 4 stars hotel during our trip	4 stars hotel in China are not like at home, but this was definitely the best we had during our trip around China. Our room was at the top floor, it was quiet but the bathroom needed some improvements.The location is great, you can get a map of central Beijing from the reception and have a nice walk to Tiananmen Square and to the Night market in the evening, quite pleasant.We didn't stay much in the hotel so I cannot comment on the service, but we noticed that the staff at the reception was not really fluent in english, we had difficulties even asking the directions for the subway.Breakfast was GREAT.I would go back again to this hotel if I wanted to stay again in a 4 stars hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Really bad hospitality	I would like to say something nice about this hotel. Because certainly it has some nice features. But bad customer service overshadows even the most praise-worthy amenities. So instead, I'm going to give what may seem like an unbalanced review of my four nights at the Grand Mercure Xidan, by noting what's wrong with this hotel, starting with my run-in with the health club staff. As some reviewers have noted before me, this hotel quizzically requires guests to bring ineffectual &quot;bathing caps&quot; in the pool. Most foreigners don't bring these Chinese accessories on vacation, but staff are more than happy to give you one at the desk...and add the cost to your room tab. I headed down to the pool with my 8-year old nephew on my first day at the hotel, was informed of the &quot;bathing cap rule&quot;, and the kind girl at the desk lent me one of a handful of caps that she said were left over from other guests. I had explained to her that it didn't make sense to buy these caps for a few uses only. Problem solved. The next day at the pool we borrowed caps again. But on the third day, the desk was staffed by a guy who insisted that we buy one. Not only did he insist, but he did so in such a way that would make one question how he ever got a job in the hospitality industry. His behaviour was belittling and disdainful. He claimed I was lying when I told him that for the past few days I had been borrowing one, then he tried ignoring me hoping that I would go away, then he took on a really nasty tone. Not one to take treatment like that lightly (especially when I'm a paying guest), I called the duty manager, who patiently listened to my grievance, but in the end backed up the staff member (claiming that there were no used bathing caps available), and bafflingly offered me a fruit basket for my trouble(?!?!), proposing to examine the &quot;swim cap&quot; policy more thoroughly the next day. In the end, I conceded and bought the bathing cap - it was either that or not use the pool - but I was left with a very sour impression of the hotel. Every time my nephew and I used the pool after that, the desk guy glowered at us and couldn't even be cordial.Even before that encounter, the tendancy toward bad service had already been established at this hotel. On the second day, I asked the concierge how to get to the Temple of Heaven. After some confusion about what I was asking she brushed me off toward the bell boy who spoke virtually no English and directed me north instead of south. When I challenged him on it, he went and got someone else who gave me the correct directions to the south. Makes me wonder - if I can't get simple directions in English to one of the top 5 tourist attractions in Beijing, what good is the concierge?!?As for the amenities themselves, one of our first observations was the stench of the lobby washrooms. I can only surmise that it is a permanent problem because it didn't abate the whole four days we were there. Our room was uninspired - it overlooked a weed-infested inner courtyard that looks like it used to be a pool, and a building under construction next door. The tv remote control buttons were sticky and hard to operate. But worst of all was the closet-like bathroom - it was badly in need of some upkeep. The grout between the tiles was worn away, the toilet bowl had permanent stains, and every time I opened the bathroom door there was a bang from overhead (?!?) I chose this hotel based on positive reviews that I read here and because I am a loyalty member of the parent company. Yes there are some good things about this hotel, but I question how any of them matter in the face of such sub-standard treatment of guests. Needless to say, I will never be back and I recommend that you all give it a pass.	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice Hotel will stay again	Taxi driver had difficulty to locate the hotel, learnt from taxi driver the former name is Marco Polo Hotel. Conveniently located between two subway stations. We stayed in a suite with queen size bed, about 300 square ft. Linens are clean, toothbrush and other shower gel etc. are available. Buffet breakfast included.  When using the swimming pool you need to wear swimming cap. Next to hotel there is a nice Chinese restaurant.	
Aug 15 2009 	Everything we could have needed or asked for...	We stayed at the Mercure whilst enjoying Beijing on our honeymoon last month. Absolutely and totally impressed with every aspect of the hotel and staff. We were upgraded as soon as they learned we were on our honeymoon, and the rooms were well furnished, spacious enough and welcoming. Oh, and the beds were the comfiest out of everywhere we went in China! I loved that there was a bath and a shower in the room as my feet needed a well deserved soak after every daily adventure. The swimming pool was also an absolute godsend, as were the jacuzzi and sauna rooms - hitting the streets of Beijing for hours and hours was hard work let me tell you! The breakfast was varied also, with both Chinese and Western options available. Compared to the other places we stayed in China, this hotel was a real favourite of ours and we would absolutely stay there again. I can't see how you would be disappointed. The nearest subway is 5 mins walking distance, and if you walk up the road past the hotel there are lots of shopping centres and places to eat, making the location even better. We also managed to get free internet access on the business floor - seems to only be available for free quite late on in the day about 8pm onwards - staff didn't seem mind, although during the day they stated the cost was equivalent of 10p per minute. Internet is scarce in Beijing so grab it while you can folks! Great city, great hotel, great service, great location...what more could you want? We spent ages looking at reviews and are so so glad we decided on this one!	
Jul 21 2009 	An Oasis - great location service interior; yet few points of improvement	I stayed at the Grand Mercure Beijing Xidan hotel in July 2009, together with my girlfriend for 2 nights. We choose this hotel because of its location, 4-star rating and the deal we were able to get through a website. The GMBX is indeed located favorably. To the north is subway station Xidan (5 min walk) and to the south is station Xuanwumen (5 min walk). The bus stop is near the mall, about 8 minutes to the north of the hotel. Both stations are part of a different line which was very convenient for us since we wanted to explore the city and its attractions. The Forbidden Palace and Tiananmen is on walking distance (approx 20 min, head north-east), a great walk in the evening when the temperature has cooled down a bit. When you're up for it, you could walk from Wangfujing to the hotel, via the Tiananmen (about 30 min in total) Furthermore, since Xidan is a well developed area, you will find some business, parks and luxury stores near the hotel. A grand shopping mall is just north of Xidan station (approx 10 min walk from the hotel). Also you will find a Starbucks in the food court / luxury clothing mall in the building just outside the hotel. Finally, next to the hotel is a post office which also sells postcards. From the first sight of the hotel, we noticed that it handles French hotel standards, which is a good thing. The hotel itself can be called beautiful, at least from the inside. The lobby is amazing with fine pottery and glasswork, as well as a big aquarium and a big lounge with bar. From the outside the hotel looks ok, but by far not as neat as the inside. Since we arrived early, the staff offered us free drinks in the lounge so we had a chance to experience the comfort as well as the service. Holding our bags for a few hours was not a problem at all which gave us the oppertunity to explore the city. Staff spoke English very well, yet if you need to talk to someone about more complicated issues, ask for the manager (he is French). Anyway, the room we had had a double bed, desk tv, airco, minibar etc. All the things you are used to from 3/4 star hotel are there, including tooth brushes, shower gel, shampoo, towels, bath robes etc. The room was spacious, something we did not expect, and we even had a lounge chair with foot rest. We found the room clean and with two complimentary (daily) bottles of water, the start of our stay was relaxed. What we didnt like however was the bathroom. The shower seems to be somewhat dated, as well as the toilet which almost fell apart. We expected something more for a 4-star hotel so if there is something the GMBX could improve, its defintily the bathroom. Yet, we did not mind it that much since it was still clean and all. The view from our big window was not impressive since we could see the inner rooftop of the hotel. This seemed to be a former swimming pool or terrace. Now weed is growing all over it. This is perhaps the poorest part and most disappointing of the hotel in terms of interior and exterior. Coming back to our hotel after a busy day, felt like returning at an oasis. Refreshing yourself with a beverage and washing away the filth of the streets in our room. Also, our nights were very quiet and comfortable. Unfortunately I did not have the time to explore the indoor swimming pool and fitness center, but according to reviews on this website, they are very nice.As mentioned before, the service is that of a 4-star hotel. Bell desk is quick and fast, reception booked a table for us at a famous Chinese restaurant and even provided us direction for the taxi driver (not that we didnt take one, but its nice to have it).Probably another thing we liked was the breakfast. Its a Sino-European breakfast: you can find rice and noodles, dumplings and some dim sum here, combined with eggs (scrambled, benedict, cooked), sausages (hot/cold), cheese, fruit, juices, excellent coffee, various types of bread etc. Breakfast was seriously a great start of the day, something you really need when exploring this city.All in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the GMBX, dispite the few flaws.	
Jun 14 2009 	Very good hotel convenient location	The hotel is very well placed, close to the commercial area of Xidan in the heart of Beijing. A couple of subway stations were within about 200 m, the National Center for Performing Arts (the &quot;Drop&quot;) was within walking distance, and Tian An Men square could be reached by a 10 min walk. The room was ok, and the breakfast was quite good (good thing for a Westerner not particularly fond of chinese kitchen...).	
May 29 2009 	Good 4-Star Choice	I stayed at the Grand Mercure as a result of the reviews on Tripadvisor.com. Overall I think this is a good choice for a 4-star hotel, but on the other hand it's nothing to rave about. I would consider staying here again if the price is right, but would easily consider other options as well. First of all, ignore the guy who said the rooms are better than many 5-star hotels. That is simply not true. The Grand Mercure's rooms are spacious and clean, but they are definitely of 4-star quality. My carpet was tolerable but could use a good cleaning. My bathroom sink had unsightly cracks and the toilet bowl wasn't exactly bleach white. The service was very friendly, but I also experienced some sub-par experiences such as: 1) It took them nearly 20 minutes to bring an iron and iron board 2) They forgot to replace my towels on one of the days 3) The cleaning lady insistently knocked on my door even when my &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign was hung out (but she was very apologetic and friendly when that was pointed out to her).But like I said, for the price I paid (~RMB500 in May 2009) this hotel was a solid choice. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean enough for a 4-star hotel, and the location is excellent.	
May 28 2009 	Great Service	The Location:The location is just right. To the right of the hotel is a church. To the left would be different malls. Although its a 10-20 minute walk. It is also near Tian'anmen SquareUpon entering the placeYou are greeted with a posh lobby. The bell boys are helpful and very kind. The staff at the front desk can speak english a little better than the normal Chinese people. The lobby also has the feature of being a wifi place. And since you're a guest here, you are able to get those USD changed into yuan. (but can only changed it back in the airport)Security:The elevators needs key cards to be accessed and be used to go to the rooms.(although this is a good thing, a lot of us had a hard time in using our key cards)Each room has a security box. The rooms:are key card accessed and are nicely done. Has a cable tv. Even has an ethernet cable for your laptop. the beddings are smooth and clean. the pillows are really soft and are enjoyable when you sleep in them. The problem would be the washroom. The room that was given to us had some black spots on the floor which i believe can't be removed easily. The pool the pool is found on basement 3. the pool itself is just a small pool maybe around 20 meters by 10 meters. There is also a hot jacuzzi there. (when i say hot it is scorching hot) A sauna is also found in the locker shower area. You would need to buy or have a hair cover/cap. (20 yuan for one overpriced if you ask me)The Fitness centerwasnt able to get in here but as far as i can see the equipments were up to date. Foodthe place has 3 places where you could dine. The lobby has a &quot;bar&quot; place where you could have drinks and even do a little internetthe 2nd floor has the V9 resto that serves buffet type food.(sad part about this is that it seems that their food is never changing) I have eaten breakfast here for 3-4 mornings and believe me, eating the same stuff definitely makes me puke at times. The 3rd floor has a chinese resto. Wasnt able to eat there but would be a nice experience i believeMy take:has nice location, service is superb, good place for a 4star hotel, would go back here but if i had more budget would definitely go to the newly refurbished marco polo hotel near the bird's nest.	
May 11 2009 	One of the most unforgettable trips I have ever had	I stayed in the Grand Mercure Hotel for about 3days,during which time I feel it is really a good place to live.First, the service lady is kind and honest.I left my car key in the wash room when I went out for a walk after a bath. The time I went back ,I saw the key was just lying on my dest, dry and clean...Second the decoration in the room is extravagant and comfortable.I have been to many hotels around China including Shangrila Hillton etc..I can say rooms in Grand Mercure are as good and even better than many of 5 star hotels.Third ths location, which I think is the most important thing, my wife is shopaholic, this time maybe the most satified time for her, course Xinan is ont of the most famous shopping center in Beijing ,and even in China.	
May 4 2009 	Lovely Mercure	My husband and I have spent a long weekend in Beijing. We picked this hotel after reading the tripadvisor reviews. We are very impressed with excellent service of this very well located hotel. The hotel is clean and cosy. The staffs are ever so courteous, efficient and friendly. They always make you feel being welcomed. It is very refreshing to find a hotel which is both good in &quot;hardware&quot; as well as &quot;software&quot;, so to speak.We are happy that we've got our money's worth. We'll go back to this hotel in Beijing any time in the future. Again, we want to thank the previous reviewers of this hotel for their recommendations.	
Apr 27 2009	nice and comfortable hotel	The hotel is not big but well maintained. staffs were very helpful...hotel's in a very good location, can reach line 1 and 2 withing walking distance.Their dosm is very nice &amp; polite. i'll highly recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Hotel with Fantastic Service	The hotel location is very important to me because my trip always be about a week stay but only 2 days business, so I need to find a fabulous venue for me to take a break from the hard working every day when I was in the company.From my point of view, every hotel have something in common, whether the hard ware or the food, but the most important is the service, the waiter need to bring to you what you want as they want to assist you from the deep button of their heart but not just a job they need to do. This hotel can bring me what I really need as I become a really guest from their family.	
Apr 16 2009 	Very good value and location	I stayed here for 2 nights last week, and I would certainly recommend the hotel.The property is well-maintained, and the staff are extremely helpful. The restaurant serves plain, but reasonable, food.I especially like the location. You can walk to Tienanmen Sq/Forbidden City in 10-15 minutes, and the walk is along a pleasant hutong. The hotel is also just a few steps away from the subway, though I didn't use it.	
Apr 14 2009 	The hotel provides Value for Money and atmosphere of Biz	Read of the comments from Tripadvisor and stayed for 3 nights. Good location as it is conveniently located both Financial Street and Beijing CBD. Not only biz purpose but also there are many tourist attractions closeby as such Tianan'men Square/Forbidden City/Antique Market(Liulichang)/Qianmen street etc...Those who would like to use a public transportation can easily access to line number 1 or 2 within 3 min on foot.The hotel room is spacious and cosy. wi-fi as comp basis in the public area that is great value for money those who have biz purpose. the breakfast is sumptuous choices and lobby bar has happy hour on a daily basis where the ambiance provides a perfect veune for biz talk with background live piano music.Those who would like to try chinese cuisine. no need to seek for other restaurant as the hotel has mouth watering cantonese food available for all day long on level 3.In general, the service of staff and the quality of english they offered me exactly meet what I need for my trip in both biz and leisure.To sum up, I will definitely come back for next stay as it gives me of feeling home where I don't belong to.	
Apr 13 2009 	A lovely good value hotel in great location	This lovely hotel has a great location in walking distance from the Forbidden City,Tiananmen Square and 2 subway lines. The rooms are modern, clean and well maintained. There is a nice and cheery breakfast restaurant - western and chinese options. The reception staff are friendly and helpful although some have limited English. There is a lovely foyer and the 4 star rating is appropriate. We got a very good price from the hotel's website. There are some excellent, authentic and very cheap restaurants in the area so don't be afraid to try them even though they look rather basic - walk towards the centre of the city block.	
Mar 26 2009 	Verty pleasant stay and would recommend to friends	Stay at this hotel for 3 nights in March, great location not far from all attractions. Staff were helpful and freindly. Will return to same in the future.	
Mar 25 2009 	Comfortable Hotel	I like the atmosphere of this hotel. It makes me feel comfortable. And its location is very convenient. The decoration of the lobby is very beautiful and fashionable. Room is clean and large. I like its breakfast which is plentiful and delicious. In a word, good experience of this hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	Super Located Hotel	I just finished a leisure trip in Beijing with some of my out-of -Beijing friends and they stayed in Grand Mercure Xidan. The hotel located in Xidan area, which is the center of the city. We walked to the Forbidden City and Tian'an Men Square! And it's really easy for us girls to go shopping at Xidan Shopping areas, also walking distance. We enjoyed one buffet dinner in their V9 western restaurant. They have a promotion which is 50% discount for their buffet dinner, so it's really valuable. And the waitress in their restaurant smiles sweet. At last, my friends go to the airport by shuttle bus at Xidan. It's really convenient for both leisure and business!	
Mar 12 2009 	Super Valuable Hotel	This is a super valuable hotel in city of Beijing close to 2 lines subway stations which location close to Tian'an'men Square, National Grand Theatre, Financial Street and Shopping areas. There have a capacious lobby and fashion restaurant on the 2nd floor. The biggest room more than 30 sqm I had stayed. I will be come back next time.	
Mar 12 2009 	The most outstanding 4-star hotel that I've ever been in Beijing!	The location is perfect in downtown! The service here is very warm and professional! I hope to stay here once again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Good!!!	The lobby is very beautiful,convenience traffic,passional and circumspect service, It is my first choosing for my travel to Beijing!	
Mar 4 2009 	cutie sweet hotel	My last stay here was 2 years ago, now it has been managed by accor group.  Hotel is not so big and the lobby is sooooo charming, decorated with red fish in aquarium. Staffs are well trained &amp; with good manner, really helpful. The V9 cafeteria's quite sweetie, strongly recommend lovers to go there, cutie place for date:P  Good location, 10 mins on foot to shopping center while it's not noisy in the hotel. i will choose here to stay for my next visit in beijing.	
Feb 27 2009 	comfortable rooms good location	Rooms generally clean and comfortable but the bathroon needs a bit more attention Good location as Xidan shopping area was abt 15 mins away on foot. Breakfast buffet was fine but CHINA'S KITCHEN, their chinese restaurant was the best. they serverd delicous chinese meals( ALA CARTE). The staff were helpful . I am recommending this hotel to my friends and wld return to stay on another day.i also thank the other reviewers as i made my choice for this hotel based partly on their reviews and with the recommendation of my travel agent.MARY LIM	
Dec 30 2008 	Truly lovely	Bueatiful grounds, great rooms, extremely comfortable beds, room cleaned twice a day, staff nice polite. Price pretty good for the service and quality of the hotel. Worth every penny in all respects. Good location.	
Dec 24 2008	Good hotel clean efficient with tasty breakfasts	Super central hotel, staff pleasant but dont interact well outside 'programmed' situations. That said there were zero problems apart with getting a receipt for a prepaid room!! Rooms lovely and clean, super choice of breakfast. Lovely piano playing in the lobby every eveniing!!! Good choice of mid range hotel!	
Nov 20 2008	Wonderful	We enjoyed our stay and found the hotel very clean and comfortable. The breakfast's were amazing, very good and with loads to choose from. The staff were very friendly and helpful, they went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of and they were always on hand to help us out with directions, a taxi, subway or whatever we needed. On return from a day out of shopping or sightseeing our rooms were always spotless with fresh towels and the covers on the bed turned down. Would have no hesitation to stay there again. Thank you Mercure!	
Oct 26 2008 	Disappointing	I see from another review that this hotel has apparently been renovated. Really? I'd have hated to see it before the work!It's an okay hotel, obviously quite classy when first built but now very tired and dull, everything's brown or beige and dark. The staff hardly speak any English at all which for a hotel advertising itself as ideal for business people and tourists seems a bit odd. The cleaning of the rooms was half hearted and hardly thorough - in and out in minutes, barely enough time to make the bed. And the decor is very tired and tatty in places.That said, it's ideally located for exploring Beijing and the food isn't bad.	
Jun 8 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed here last July and the standard of service and hotel are both excellent. We were upgraded to a suite and the room was excellent. The lobby was welcoming as were the staff and there is a nice bar behind reception. The hotel is very clean with beds made up etc every day. The bellboys are excellent. Just tell them where you want to go and they will write it down in Mandarin for you so you can give it to the taxi driver.It is fairly close to the centre with about a 20 or 30 minute walk to Tiananmen Square (taxis are cheap though).All in all I cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Apr 23 2008 	Under Renovation	We have just returned from 6 days at the Grand Mercure Xidan and after reading reviews on trip Advisor were not looking forward to our stay. However despite the renovation work and basic reception area we had a pleasant stay. Overall the staff were most helpful and friendly. The room was clean and fresh towels always on hand. Bedding and the overall appearance suggests that the hotel is in need of upgrade but we felt that the price we paid more than made up for lack of decor. Whilst we were in the hotel they were running special discount on meals and we found the buffet to be excellent value and of a high standard of presentation and quality. We would return to this hotel again once all the renovations are done, as it was so handy for shopping and seeing the sights. Beware of the black taxis at the front of the hotel. We were overcharged double to the airport. Take the metered blue and yellow but make sure your bags are not too big as they cannot get much in their boots.Scottish Travellers from Fife	
Apr 22 2008	Good value	This must have been a very nice place when it was first built. Even the standard rooms are spacious, and contain some high end features, such as granite counter tops, bar, hair dryers.The general theme is minimalist cosmopolitan a little art deco-ish.It has however lost a little of it's lustre over the years. The hallways often smelly, and the carpets dirty. a few dents in the walls, peeling paint - that kind of thing. It is in the process of being renovated though, and the new lobby almost finished when we left.The room itself was clean where it counted. The bathrooms and the beds. Clean glasses and complimentary water.The service was excellent - we had our toilet plug (this happens easily in Beijing, be careful) and someone came and fixed it right away. Admin staff were plentiful and helpful - though not always fluent in English, they are patient while you charade your way through.The food was quite good, they have a French chef - and the buffet was a real variety. From lambchops to sushi. Also half price while we were there (about 10.00$ CAD)Catching cabs from the hotel was never a problem (with assistance from the doorman, but getting cabs to take us back to the hotel sometimes was. At first we thought they didn't know the location - but discovered that taxi drivers don't like to take fares the short distances that we often needed to go. Government taxis are incredibly cheap, so a ride from Forbidden city to Xidan (where the Mercure is located) only nets them about 2.50$ CAD. You can offer them a little more and they may take you. Or you can threaten to report them and refer to thier ID tag - as there is a heavy fine for them if they are caught refusing a fare.Also, good to know, some drivers know this hotel by it's previous name &quot;The Marco Polo Hotel&quot;.All in all, I liked the hotel, slept like a log (nice and quiet) liked the location, liked the food, and the price (75.$ for a standard twin). I would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Value for Money	This hotel was categorized as a 3 star hotel by our travel agent but we felt like we're in 4 star. We stayed at their executive room and it was big and clean. The ambiance was relaxing. We had problem with our shower but was immediately fix. Overall the room and their service were great for this type of hotel.The lobby and some parts of the hotel are currently being renovated probably for the Olympics but we had no problem with it. Their buffet dinner was good.Location is great. We are near the subway. You should have no problem going to hooters :).	
Feb 23 2008 	very poor	stayed at the grand mercure for 4 nights and was extremely dissapointed, Staff unfriendly, building works abound so no lobby to speak of, no bar average breakfast and average room. I felt quite envious when returning from trips and other travellers were dropped off at numerous other swish hotels and then me back to what was at best a travel lodge ie no facilities. Do not stay at this hotel there are 100's of other chouces do not make my mistake!	
Dec 15 2007 	Great place for seeing Beijing	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon in June and have been meaning to write a review for some time now!Accomodation:Can't fault the rooms for the price. It was a good size, clean and modern. Bathroom was also good size and overall we were very happy with quality of the roomRestaurants/breakfast:Firstly, the breakfasts were very good. There was a great range of food available and in contrast to our stay at a hotel in Xian it was all fresh and really tasty. Restaurant food was good - a decent range of food on the menu with service being friendly and prompt. ~We had a couple of lovely evening meals and all were great value. Location:The hotel is well located being a 10 minute walk from Forbidden City etc and near to some local shops. Most of our time was spent going on orgainsed trips which pick you up from the hotel itself but generally this seems to be a well located hotel (note no particular views to see though).Overall:This is a really good 4 star hotel. Service, location and accomadation were all very good.	
Nov 1 2007 	Just OK	Stayed here last week for 3 nights. I agree with another reviewer who rated it &quot;OK.&quot; That's all it was - just OK.Some of the check-in staff do not speak very good English (eg I asked for a safety deposit box and she replied - what kind of breakfast box do you want??????).We had a room on the 8th floor. It was OK - very old and tired; really could use a makeover. Bathroom was OK but old, some of the tiles were marked and cracked. Our room actually looked out onto the street below, so no building work.Breakfast was mediocre at best. Some of the drinking glasses were very dirty. Food looked totally unappetizing so decided not to even try it.On the good side - we ate from the room service menu twice and it was well-priced and the food was good. We tried local and western dishes and everything was good. The biggest problem was actually getting a menu, as there wasn't one in the room - had to go down to reception and beg for one (nobody answered the phone when I tried calling from the room).As others have stated - most taxi drivers know this hotel as the Marco Polo. Even though one needs a taxi to get anywhere from anywhere in Beijing, I found that a lot of taxi drivers refused to take us to the hotel (ie from Silk Street), saying it was too far away. I noticed many other hotels that looked a lot more central and a lot nicer than this one - this has absolutely nothing to recommend it.Having said that - I can't really complain about anything specific. It was just OK. Beds were comfortable, room was large. But I wouldn't stay there again and would rather pick something newer and better located.	
Oct 14 2007 	It's OK	We used the Grand Mercure as a base for a four night stay in Beijing. This certainly wasn’t the worst hotel we’ve ever stayed in, but certainly not the best. Hotels in Beijing were quite expensive when we booked, so after much research and deliberation we opted for the Grand Mercure, Beijing. As some people have previously mentioned, this used to be called to Marco Polo, so if you are using a taxi from the airport (as we did) it might be worth telling the driver that’s where you’re going. First impressions weren’t bad, the bell hops took our luggage from the taxi and we proceeded to check in, however, when we went to our room, there was no bellhop, so we grabbed our bags our self and headed up. The lobby was clean and spacious with a bar at the back, small gift shop, concierge, tour operator and business centre. The room was large, but it was showing signs of wear and tear, however, it was clean. There were many reminders of the hotels previous identity - on the robes, towels, and drink coasters. I found this quite frankly to be a bit shoddy and lazy – these are very easy things to fix. Our room unfortunately overlooked a building site. We had paid for breakfast in the room rate, which by Chinese standards was very expensive. Whilst the breakfast was plentiful and featured a wide range of items, I think we’d have been just as happy going Starbucks next door. On two of the four mornings we were questioned about whether we had paid for the breakfast in our rate, make sure your have two copies of your reservation, you’ll need one at check in, and keep hold of the second one just in case. The hotel has a swimming pool, sauna and steam room – be warned, you need to wear a swimming hat. We didn’t find this area of the hotel very pleasant and actually didn’t use the facilities.  My biggest disappointment with the hotel was with the tour operator. We booked a tour to see the Ming Tombs and Great Wall of China. DO NOT USE THE HOTEL’S TOUR COMPANY. We were picked up at the designated time of 7:30am, and didn’t return back to the hotel until 7:45pm. We spent about one hour at the Ming Tombs and about one and a half hours at the Great Wall. The rest of the time was spent travelling, at a Jade factory, eating a pitiful lunch and at a silk factory. The tour was extremely expensive by Chinese standards. I would highly recommend you do some research before hand and make your own arrangements to visit these places. We were very disappointed with the tour, it was such a waste of precious time, and every where we went they were trying to sell us stuff. The tour company gets a kickback from the Jade factory and Silk factory, so it’s in their best interest to take you there. The hotel is conveniently located, you can easily walk to Tiananmen Square and there are plenty of shops around about. The subway is also located near by and is dirt cheap.	
Aug 24 2007 	4 star hotel with 2 star ambience	We arrived to a room which smelled like staled rice crackers later to find it was the stench of mold. Our first room had black mold all over the shower and air conditioner. After a long night of trying to sleep, we asked to change our room. Our second room was a smoke filled room. One bed gave us some type of flea bites. The breakfast bufet was the least desirable. The staff were all new since the hotel was recently converted from the Marco Polo hotel. Registration took approximately 1 hour. The gift shop consisted of a closet without any postcards. Our tour guide said that this hotel was known as the second best 4 star hotel in Beijing . I think you if you are planning to visit Beijing you should try a 5 star hotel.Unhappy, US	
Aug 22 2007 	Mis-represented as New Hotel !	Spent 5 nights at Grand Mercure Xidan earlier this month. While it is in a good location, close to metro stations, this is a largish hotel (around 400 rooms) that doesn't live up to the grand mercure chain reputation and leaves a lot to be desired. During my trip, we stayed at 4 locations - Nanjing, Beijing, Shanghai, and Xian - and this was by far the worst not only in terms of value for money but in every way!I stayed there with my 18y.o. son and we had a magazine promotional deal which said it was a &quot;new&quot; hotel.Well, it might have been new in the 1980s when it was built and known - as it still is to most taxidrivers - as The Marco Polo. But now it is a very tired spot in desperate need of a make-over. The rooms are not sound-proofed to the level we expect today - but in their favour they do have some inter-connecting family rooms, which are often hard to find. Even the bath-towels, mats and robes still bore the insignia of &quot;Marco Polo&quot; so it has evidently been a walk-in-walk-out takeover. The towels are threadbare; the bathmats unravelling. Yes, the bathroom is still serviceable and must have been very smart back in the early 80s as this is the style of fitting there, but overall this is NOT a quality hotel. The carpets are stained, the curtains are well past their use-by date and are no longer &quot;block-out&quot; by any standard, and the TV was one of the old clunkers with very few channels to select from! Lighting was dim and desperate, and we received minimal re-charge of our toiletries even though we were there for 5 full days. The bed linen was adequate, but not new, and the cupboards were de-laminating, though the safe appeared adequate. Our room on the 8th floor overlooked the festering rooftop above the restaurant several floors below, and featured overgrown &quot;garden&quot; and slush. Peering through the Beijing air pollution, we could barely see the opposite side of the large Avenue in front of us; however, this street view will be the better aspect as soon as the building that is currently being erected next door goes up a few more floors. Workmen are on it from crack of dawn, so a room with that view will be noisy as each successive floor is constructed! (They have constructed about 6 floors to date, so plenty more to go up! ) Given the very close proximity to Tianamen Square and major tourist areas, I can see the owners of this hotel have purchased for future position and not for current premises. I'd suggest it will be a future &quot;tear-down&quot; as are many buildings/hutongs in Beijing. There is a reasonably sized &quot;Roman-style&quot; swimming pool in the basement 3 levels below ground, and a spa that could take about 16 people, with a life-guard-cum-attendant who points at the signs (in English) and ensures one never steps out of line, though I woulnd't like to really need his life-saving skills - too close for comfort; one couldn't relax under his gaze. And they make you sign to buy their (too small) swimming caps before you are allowed into the pool! Use of the &quot;business centre&quot; is a joke. One ancient computer works slowly, with a keypad that jumps everywhere, and they overcharge you to use it! Breakfast was included in our promotional deal, and the buffet closes at 9:30a.m. SHARP. We weren't the only ones we saw caught out by this. Not that it is a good buffet; it offers an odd selection, trying to offer &quot;American&quot; style breakfast but not really making it, and very few fresh fruits or yoghurts suited to a light Australian diet. Quite a bit of Japanese-style items served, and a little cheese &amp; crackers, and tired looking muffins &amp; danish pastries. Take your own tea-bags if you want a decent cuppa! And don't expect much by way of service. The staff here are poorly trained and really need to practice their smiles (and uniform washing and wearing!) in time for the Olympics! The adjective &quot;surly&quot; comes to mind! Yet, given the rush to supply desperately needed tourist accommodation in time for next year's anticipated influx, I imagine the Grand Mercure Xidan will continue to get away with charging too much and giving too little. We were never given a map (we bought a very good fold-out laminated one at the foreign bookstore near the enormous shopping centre around the Hyatt Hotel)but only saw one on the last day when we needed to collect tickets from the concierge desk.  I'd chosen this hotel based on its proximity to sights as well as because of the promotion. Be aware that, given that taxis are cheap enough in Beijing and the scale of walking what might appear to be a few blocks is really quite a bit further than one might initially be lulled into thinking is a walkable distance, location of a hotel probably need not be your highest priority when selecting accommodation in Beijing. Because this is inner-city, it has the drawbacks that not many little restaurants are open after 8p.m., and certainly very few after 9:p.m. - we wanted something around then, and ended up with a walkable choice of KFC, McDonalds, Gloria Jeans, or a sushi-train type of place (we were their final customers at just before 10p.m. ) I think it would be as easy to be further out, use the Metro more - they are building new lines at a furious pace, and the trains are good, if very cramped at times (still not as bad as Tokyo) - and in a nicer hotel rather than stay at the Marco Polo/Grand Mercure. I certainly wouldn't choose it if visiting for the Olympics. There are closer, and what appear nicer, accommodations than this to spend my hard-earned dollars in.	
Jul 16 2007 	Excellent value great hotel	We loved the Marco Polo! We stayed in December and good a real cheap deal (I think it was around £25 per night!). The hotel is modern, the rooms clean and comfy, the staff helpful and friendly. There is a travel desk in the main lobby, which can help you with trips and further travel arrangements (I needed to get a train ticket and they sorted that all out for me). Our room was large, the bathroom clean and medium sized. we even had HBO and a good buffet breakfast was included. It was excellent value for money! The location is good. Beijing has two main subway lines and there is a station for each within 500 meters of the hotel. There is also a large modern shopping centre close by. The Forbidden City is only a few subway stops from the hotel.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Value Great Location	The hotel was very nice overall for the price paid. It is in a very good location just minutes by foot to the Xidan shopping area, which is the main shopping district in Beijing, complete with a lot of malls.The decor all over the hotel is very modern and nice. Breakfast was plentiful with a nice variety of western and chinese dishes.The room we stayed in was large, clean and very nice. The room was a bit warm on the first night, though not really uncomfortably hot. I made a call to housekeeping in the morning and they fixed it by the time we got back in the afternoon. It was pleasantly cool afterwards.	
Jun 14 2007 	o.k. if the right deal	Got a good deal, in combination with the flights from uk so worth while, Make sure you get the address in chinese character and also Marco Polo (as many taxi's still know it as this..)Appears very out of the way on arrival, but it has very good subway connection 2 stops to Tian'amnen, you can walk to this but subway clean safe &amp; very good, and runs late.Lots of modern Malls on doorstep of hotel(best part is there's no Westerns!). Starbucks 2 min walk (hotel coffee really awful). Lots of building around hotel, although off putting at first this is everwhere on run up to 2008.Taxi's easy from front door, all very cheap (hotel has little card to explain popular locations in chinese to taxi drivers).Rooms o.k. - averaqge standard, nice modern bathrooms, room stank of stale smoke (non-smoking room) didn't clear all week.beds very comfortable, tea coffee water in room.Hotel restaruant really bad (got served half a semi-raw chicken), breakfast buffet ok &amp; adequate for most peole (although a large choice)- if you want silver service you'd be staying at a big US chain and paying 4 times the price. Mall next door has basement foodcourt many options for food (chinese/ japanese) and very good quality, clean/modern and cheap (aimed at young professionals). Other guests either chinese or european which makes for quieter environment.Summary: I'd stay again, as Mercure takes over from Marco Polo would imagine steady stream of improvements will be taking place. Hotel has pool and gym, but to be honest why use when so much to see! (appearred clean and modern)	
Apr 18 2007 	Under new management	This hotel has now been taken over by Mercure and I am hoping they will make some necessary changes. Overall it was a good enough hotel in a convenient location, but there were some flaws. Our room (at the front) was far too hot and the aircon made no difference. You either opened the window and had lots of traffic noise or had the fan blasting out air that was little different. The carpet had a big wet stain when we checked in which was disconcerting. On the plus side the staff were nice enough and the pool was very good and quiet (swim caps needed). Breakfast was fairly good, if crowded. The restaurant seemed quite pricey for what it offered and the so-called &quot;happy hour&quot; did not include most drinks. We found a good local restaurant over the road and the nearby Times Square was full of designer shops with a good pizza restaurant if you wanted a change from Chinese. We walked to Tianamen Square and an excellent Peking Duck restaurant quite easily, but taxis are only 10 yuen.	
Jan 28 2007 	A romantic winter	Enjoyed our free upgrade from superior room to suite when we check-in on Dec 23. A very romantic surprise for us! Staff at restaurant were friendly. Spent christmas there and enjoyed the terrific location i.e. shopping at xidan (walking distance under 10 mins) and nice restaurants like the famous korean BBQ nearby.	
Jan 20 2007 	Great time	Thought this Hotel was lovely. We stayed there quite some time ago on our Honeymoon - at that time it all looked brand spanking new.Room was clean, staff very helpful, breakfast vast, every type you could ever want, Chinese, English, American, European.Thought the location was great, we walked to Tianamen Square and it took about 15 minutes - there is also loads of shops both ways up and down the road just a short walk away.Taxis are so cheap in China that location of a hotel really doesn't matter - the staff in the hotel gave us a card in Chinese to show to taxi drivers where to take us.Excellent stay would go back any time.	
Oct 28 2006	Nice surprise	After reading other reviews I was apprehensive about the standard of this hotel but was ultimately pleasantly surprised. Location was OK.....we were on a tour so picked up each day by coach. Rooms good, facilites good, breakfast great, restaurant expensive for China so eat out. Can't comment on value for money....part of package.	
Oct 26 2006 	look elsewhere	When you step into the lobby it looks acceptable but it stops there.The rooms are dated and very worn, the towels were ragged and torn. The sheets and beds were scary. Dirty carpet.The location is in the middle of nowhere, i know that beijing is not central but dear god atleast a little restaurant or bar nearby would be cool. All the previous posts on the concierge are correct - they are of no help.As a bonus - they checked another guest into my room at 630AM in the morning by mistake, a nice Japanese gentleman barged into my room key in hand - needless to say it was the cherry on the sunday.I guess the only positive is that it forced me to stay away from the hotel - so i got to experience a good deal of the city.My advice - look elsewhere, please do it for me.	
Sep 18 2006 	Hotel was average	My family booked 5 rooms at the hotel early this month for a tour in Beijing and I can say this hotel offers average amenities for a 4star hotel. Everything went okay, rooms were clean as expected, lobby was nice, staff were friendly and breakfast was good... except for the room air-conditioning that doesn't cool all night. I first thought it was only our room that had the problem but when we gathered for breakfast the next day, all our family members complained about their room airconditioning. We called the attention of the front desk and their answer was &quot;since it's start of the autumn season and there's cooler air outside, their hotel decided to shut down the airconditioning&quot;... according to the front desk, we will have to call housekeeping each night if we want the airconditioning turned on in our rooms. It's weird because we know for a fact that hotels shut their airconditioning system only during winter time and not during the end of summer or the start of autumn.Hotel location is average but I personally feel it would be best to be billeted in a hotel along the Wafujing Street especially if one's stay in Beijing is short.Overall stay in Beijing is good. The sights to visit are awesome! A must see on my list would be the Great Wall, the Forbidden City and the Temple of Heaven.	
Aug 30 2006 	A nice place overalll	I stayed here in January and I find it to be a nice property. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms a good size. It's hard to say if the location was good because everything in Beijing seems so spread out, however it was something like 3-4 blocks from Tiannemen Square. The staff were all friendly and most spoke good english or at least humoured my poor attempts at mandarin. The hotel is a very 'western' style hotel and seemed to cater to that market. Further down the road there was a very large shopping precinct with supermarkets, department stores and fast food outlets. The chinese love their fast food outlets and are great if you don't speak the language as you can point at the pictures to order. The only negative I had with this hotel was that you had to buy a swimming cap for about $10 to swim in the indoor pool. This was annoying but not enough to sour my stay.	
Aug 5 2006 	So so	Location: not the best, wrong side of Tianammen SqRooms: we got upgraded, so happy with size, but decor outdatedStaff: nice, helpfulValue: you get what you pay forIf you can take the location, I recommend staying therePS: asked for a private tour to the wall WITHOUT any 'shopping' (i.e. jade factory tourist traps) stops - were made to stop anyway, so beware	
Jul 24 2006 	Not a 4 star hotel	The Marco Polo Beijing is a just &quot;ok&quot; hotel that doesn't live up to its 4 star rating. Yes, the rooms were clean and the location was decent, there wasn't anything spectacular about the hotel at all. My wife and I found the room to be dark and uninviting, although we weren't in it other than to sleep. I don't have anything horrible to say about the Marco Polo, but there isn't much good either. Really it is just an average hotel that will disappoint if you are expecting luxury, service, or special amenities.	
May 31 2006	Great value friendly and conveniently located hotel	I booked the marco polo hotel using airline network and for £68 per room per night including breakfast it was by far the cheapest price. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from a Tube station and a shopping mall is also close by. Due to Beijing being so big and the sights so spread out we found being close to the tube extremely convenient and at appox 30p to use the tube a cheap option to get around. The reception is beautiful and all staff were very friendly and helpful even allowing us to leave our cases there for 2 days whilst travelling to Xian. On our first 2 nights stay we were upgraded to the continental suite which was on the 10th floor. The only real difference to standard rooms was a larger bathroom and shower cubical. The rooms were spacious with extremely confortable beds. You have a mini bar and free water along with all the usual free toiletries. The breakfast was lovely with a choice of fruit, breads, meats, cooked breakfast, cereals etc etc what you would expect from a 3-4 start hotel. My husband and I would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to our freinds and family.	
May 23 2006 	Great stay for business travel	Got a great rate for the Corporate Floor from the Marco Polo's internet site. Included breakfast, laundry and pressing service, afternoon tea, evening drinks, chocolates on the pillow, etc. Room, bed, shower, internet access, all great. Check-in and check-out very efficient. Hotel staff very helpful in getting taxis and ensuring destination was understood by the driver. Hotel is situated between two subway lines - 3 minute walk to either stop. Second floor restaurant a little slow but reasonable prices. All in all, I highly recommend based on my experience.	
May 22 2006	competent hotel	Hotel is clean and quite well situated.No hotel meets all normal criteria for location in Beijing, and this one is fine for taxis to central sites, and for Summer Palaces. For Chaoyang (entertainment district= red light area in a very mild way) it's a bit of a hike. Room on 9th floor had queen bed and was a no-smoking room.Room cleaning was efficient- going to breakfast leaving the &quot;please make up&quot; sign meant it invariably was.Breakfast buffet was fine- the usual stuff. Things that ran out got replenished quickly.Staff language skills pretty good- outside staff would translate into Chinese for the driver, and the card was fine for getting you back to the hotel. Near two metro stations but we rarely used the metro, as 3 people meant a cab was the same price and didn't involve the ubiquitous stairs.Shop next door sold water, biscuit bars , beer at silly low prices.No restaurants of note nearby, although Times Square Plaza, about 3 mins walk away has Starbucks and a few decent fast-ish food places, including a Japanese, a Korean and &quot;be There or Be Square&quot;(Cantonese).Hotel restaurant OK- although the only one open is the buffet/ a la carte place. No in-house Cantonese at present. Foyer bar ok, usual high-ish prices.We took the Hutong tour from the hotel, and were very pleased. We went into a courtyard house, chatted via our guide with the owner over a tea, then visited a school. This is run by an outside organisation, but our concierge was genuinely interested in how we found the tour- and indeed on talking about the UK.	
May 10 2006	Complete Mediocrity	After staying recently at the Marco Polo Hotel, I have to say that they have a long long long way to go before they can hope to host the crowds for the Olympics. In that sense, the hotel was a reflection of Beijing in general.Some objections:1. My requests for a nonsmoking room off the street were ignored (and no, Febreeze does not suddenly make a room NonSmoking).2. The level of English at the hotel was poor. I know that my Mandarin is nonexistent, but can the Concierge please speak English or German or French? Also, the Concierge seems to have no idea how to read a map or an address in Chinese!! My friend and I knew more about the layout of Beijing in 2 days than any of the Concierges did! We would show them the address in English and Mandarin, plus where it was on the map, and they still had to make phone calls to figure it out. Amazing. They also have no knowledge whatsoever of what is happening in town. We had to figure that out ourselves too. Thanks &quot;Time Out Beijing&quot;!3. The tour coordinator tries to swindle you into paying for extras that you do not want. For instance - I wanted to see the Great Wall - not a number of kitschy shops, tea rooms, etc. Beware. They practically kidnap you, as the guides they used are paid commission on your purchases at these cheesy locations. No thanks! We strenously objected, but the tour guide said we had to do what he said. Unbelievable. They will also try to charge you double or triple for the Opera. No need.4. We were charged a fortune for a pot of coffee in our room ($20usd). And when i pointed out that this must be an error, they were incredibly rude and refused to budge although they could not produce the receipt that I supposedly signed to agree to payment. My advice - either splurge for the really nice hotels like Grand Hyatt or go for a small, cheaper guest house in a Hutong. The Marco Polo was the worst of both worlds. No charm, No service.If you do stay there, be sure to rent a bicycle and ride away from the joint like the wind!	
Apr 27 2006 	A good choice for budget travelers	I stayed there couple times in the past few years. Not sure about other rooms in the hotel, since I've always stayed on the 10th floor Continental Club Level. My first stay was excellent and impressive, even after I just stayed at Four Seasons in Tokyo. The interior of the hotel was elegant with charming details. They gave me an oversized room with a perfect view of TianAnMen Square and the National Theater. The bathroom, however, was too small. Water pressure in the shower and the toilet was less than satisfactory. The 2nd time staying there, they put me in a really small room, which was a big disappointment especially for a return gurest. Because I arrived at 11:30pm, I was too tired to switch to another room. I had a cleaning lady knocking on my door and entered the room without permission. She didn't speak any English and was looking for something until another staff member came in to chase her away. Strange! The staff at the Continental level was very friendly and helpful. Location of this hotel is good, convenient yet away from city center with only a short walk to nearest subway stations and shopping malls. I stopped staying there since the price is fairly low and there were more and more local guests staying there with nonstop cigarette smoking and loud conversations. I really loved the decor and the class this hotel had. Unfortunately, the constant crowds of domestic and international tourist groups made this place much less attractive than before. Also, I've discovered the new Intercontinental Hotel, which is on the top of my list right now.	
Apr 25 2006	Good enough	Stayed at the Marco Polo Beijing last week, and I guess I had high expectations. All in all the hotel was ok. The best thing about it was the lobby which gives you the impression of class and good things to come. It was very quiet and clean- none of the busy-ness of more commercial hotels. Buffet meals were average to above average. The room was nice in an understated way with nice cottony sheets. But I just have to say, for those who are maniacally clean, that the bathroom had a few stray hairs and used floss on the floor when I arrived. (Eeeeew) I presume its from the previous people.Internet was also expensive at about 70 yuan for less than 30 minutes.About location, hmmmmm, this isnt such a great location if you plan to do some walking around the hotel area. There's nothing beside or in front of it. There's a huge construction going on beside, so it seems like the only place really in that area. But nearby, is a commercial center with some shops but you will have to cross a really wide avenue. Or maybe just take a cab.If you are going to be traveling by bus or cab all the time, then the location is fine.	
Mar 27 2006	Great choice in this price category	At almost half the price of the luxury hotels in Beijing, the Marco Polo is a great choice for a clean and comfortable stay in Beijing. Though 5 stars may be a bit generous (4.5 was not an option), everything at the hotel was quite nice. Please note that there is some construction next to the hotel, but all of the guests I encountered on my stay were upgraded to jr suites or put on the west side of the hotel and did not have noise problems. Make sure to ask. The rooms were everthing you'd expect from a 4 star and they were fairly clean and new by China standards. The staff and concierge were polite and very helpful. The breakfast buffet was plentiful with western and chinese options. Beijing is very spread out and there is really no central location to stay. This property is slightly out of the way. You can walk to the Forbidden City from here, but it's a long half hour walk. There is a lovely Hutong area across the street for strolling and dining (there is a great dumpling house) and a few department stores down the street. But be prepared to take taxis nearly everywhere in Beijing no matter where you stay.	
Jan 27 2006	Very Satisfied	I stayed here 3 nights in early November and was very satisfied. Make sure your room isn't on the side where there's construction going on. The room was nice and large, the breakfast buffet was good. You're not walking distance to anything but the taxis are so cheap it's not an issue. Anyway the sights around Beijing are so spread out there really isn't one central location. But if you're back at the hotel by evening time there's no where else really to eat out the door. The staff was great and we arranged tours in the lobby tour desk. The best were the Forbidden City, Great Wall, Summer Palace, and Bike Tour through the hutongs. We booked the Marco Polo because the price was right so if you're looking for something modern and comfortable but want to save a bit of money I'd recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2005	really so so hotel	We stayed there for three nights in Oct. compairing the one (Westin in Shanghai), langhamm palce at Hongkong, this hotel is just not even close. Staffs are reading newspaper at work (in the lobby), there is no one to get a cab for you. The hotel just looks like 70s hotel. Carpets are dirty. I read the other review a bit, frankly, I don't agree with them at all. Probably I have a bit high expectation. Yes, the location is not bad. But the service and hotel itself really need a lot of improvement. Overall, the best service is at Hongkong, and Shanghai. Beijing is just about 5 to 10 years behind. We won't stay there again.	
Oct 24 2005	Great hotel	I stayed at the Marco Polo in late September 2005 and loved it. The staff all speak English and are very helpful; the breakfast was great; the fitness centre, though small, had all I needed; and it was well located, being only about 50 metres from the Xi Dan underground station, which is a 2 yuan ride to Tien An Men Square and the Forbidden City. Being upgraded to a junior suite was a real bonus! I will stay here again if I go back to Beijing and recommend it unreservedly to everyone.	
Oct 13 2005	Marco Soso	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights just last week. Yes, it is a good location, and yes, it was clean. That's about it. The breakfast was not very good, runny eggs, undercooked bacon, unattentive wait staff and a chef that didn't want to cook.The rooms are very plain and out dated. Toilet paper is more like sand paper. Thin towels and they didn't want to give us anymore unless we turned in the ones we had. The carpet seems clean, but looks very used, in the rooms and in the hallways.The lobby staff was nice, but none of the doormen we encountered spoke english, and were unable to help with making sure our taxi driver knew where to take us. Thankfully, we had a business card that had the major sites written in Chinese that we could show to our driver.We also stayed four nights at the Marriott Beijing West, what a difference! See review on Marriott for more info.	
Oct 13 2005	Rate it 7 out of 10	The good: 1) Spacious rooms, nice linen, and the concierge will be quite keen to upgrade you if you are not happy with your room. All you need to do is politely complain, and they will come to your aid. We got a room facing an enormous construction site, and since they work 24/7 in Beijing, we decided to complain. We got a fancy suite facing the main street, which was quiet; the bathrooms are quite large with both a shower and a bath-tub (bath tub not reccomended though - black spots spitting out of the faucet and yellow water put us off a bit)2) People are bangig on about location in some of the reviews. I seriously don't understand the complaint. Mind you, Beijing is an enormous city, and ridicolously crowded, which in itself makes it a hard place for pedestrians; furthermore, taxi's are affluent and so cheap that it is hard to believe. We never paid more than about 2 USD almost anywhere we went, so in my world, it doesn't really matter where you are in this city, as long as you are somewhere inside the city, and not out by the airport or near a cest pit somewhere. Taxi is your key, and the easiest way to get around. Bring a map to show to cab drivers with names in Chinese - it will make everything a lot easier. 3) Staff was helpful, albeit language is an issue - but that was expected, so it didn't really matter.The bad:1) I mentioned all the construction in Bejing - which again leads to a lot of dust and dirt. Beijing isn't the cleanest city in the world, and this fact goes badly with carpets. Even though this hotel is fairly new, it looked old mainly due to the filthy carpeting throughout the hotel. The Chinese are also famous for their &quot;spitting in the streets&quot; habbit; I know a lot of guests wear their shoes inside; all this add to the icky feeling you get when you take your shoes off after a long day and stick your bare feet on a rather filthy rug. I have never really used hotel slippers that much before, but in this location they came in handy.2) The staff at the breakfast buffé needs to change their attitude and do a better job. They tend to be a bit snippy and the are not attentive at all when food items run out, when you want more tea or honney and the like; 3 out of 5 days they were out of scrambled eggs and other things; all three times I had to ask them to sort some more out. No biggie, but three times over you start getting a bit annoyed, especially when the buffé is expensive, and not that great.3) They brag about their indoor pool; it is OK but nothing fancy. What is worse, they force you to buy a swimming cap for 60 Juan before you are allowed to enter. A bit cheeky I thought, and it made everyone look ridiculous. One size does NOT fit all Europeans. But the pool was clean, which is good (it really should be in a 4 star so...).All in all: a good deal, and it is a great starting point for tours and trips to various sites outside and inside the city. If they got rid of their rugs and got wooden floors or similar instead, then it would be 5 star, and a much better, and more hygenic experience, for all guests. This will not bother brits - and Americans for that matter - since they seem to have the same nasty habbits with rugs as the Chinese - and many other countries for that matter, but for all Scandinavians who are accustomed to materials which makes it easy to dodge dirt and not collect it over time, the rugs at this hotel can be slightly off-putting. 1 point off for the breakfast staff, and two points off for filty, scrubby rugs: I give it 7 out of 10.	
Oct 12 2005	Marco Polo? Marco Polo!	Just like Beijing's Panjiayuan Antique Market, this place delivers the &quot;goods,&quot; at a deep discount relative to what you would pay in the U.S. or Europe. At $110 (U.S.) or 891 Chinese Yuan Renminbi per night (all charges and breakfast included) this hotel is a great deal. The rooms are modern with comfortable beds to ease your jet lag. The pool, fitness center, sauna, and steam room are blissful (see photos).Internet access is available from your room, there is a business center in the lobby, and most staff speak English. But it's the complimentary breakfast buffet, with all the Western and Chinese standards and a few extras (such as my favorite Swiss cereal) that really seals the deal. Located in Beijing's booming Xi Dan area, it's a short walk to the Xi Dan metro and its surrounding complex of high-end retail shops and restaurants. There's a 5-story underground mall connected to the metro, with a 3-D movie theatre and swimming pool/skating rink. The new Capital Times Square retail complex features luxury brand stores (with prices like in the U.S.) but also has an excellent food court (with prices much lower than in the U.S.). For example, a Dairy Queen Blizzard costs 90 cents. From the hotel, it's a short cab ride to many of the major sites, including The Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, the Temple of Heaven, or the ritzy Wangfujing Street/Oriental Plaza/Grand Hyatt shopping area (all under $5 rides). If you take the subway, it's less than a dollar. The hotel concierge can arrange tours to The Great Wall or anywhere else. You can change money at the airport (keep receipt and you can convert it back upon departure) or at the hotel desk. A few tips: Although 100 Yuan is only about $12, you will be able to buy meals for much less than this, and even brand-name (e.g., Adidas, Diesel, and Lacoste) &quot;knock-offs&quot; or fakes for less than this at popular tourist markets like Ya Show and Hong Qiao Shichang. So, make sure you have some small Yuan bills because, on rare occasions, if you hand out 100 Yuan for a 20 Yuan cab ride, Buddha statue, etc., you might get some counterfeit bills in your change. While shopping, remember to start of by offering a third or even a quarter of the asking price. Haggling is generally expected (and encouraged) here! In fact, even in hotels, high-end stores, and airport shops, you'll see that you can often easily lower the price by asking for their &quot;best price&quot; or if you don't seem interested, they'll offer you the &quot;discount price.&quot;	
Oct 10 2005	New hotel in Beijing	My wife &amp; I had a four nights stay in the new hoel in Beijing a few blocks west of Teinanmin Square.Very good location for touring all attractions in Beijing.Our corner room was large, quite, clean and comfortableWill stay there again next time.	
Oct 6 2005	Lovely Boutique Hotel in the Middle of Smog City	We stayed at the Marco Polo for 8 nights and found it to be very good value due to an American Express special 3 nights for the price of 2 (each night was around US$105+15%). The hotel has an excellent location, situated between two subway stations on two different lines- this alone is almost worth the price of the room.We were upgraded to a room on the Executive Floor (rm1046) with a view of the construction site next door. The bathroom was beautiful- separate glass-enclosed shower, bathtub, marble detailing, great towels. The bed is very comfortable and furnished with feather quilt and pillows. TV has HBO, 3 news stations, ESPN and various Chinese channels.Staff are generally helpful and speak basic English (for excellent service and English, check for a chap called &quot;Winter&quot; at the Front Desk).A western breakfast buffet is served on the Executive Floor and drinks and cocktails are served at certain times throughout the day. Ok, now for the brickbats.-Although we LOVED the luxurious feel of the feather bedding, we had some problems with allergies and requested non-feather bedding. Our request was met with some limp pillows and ratty blankets.-The special rate of our room entitled us to breakfast for 1 person for the 8 nights we were staying. We negotiated with Winter at the Front Desk to divide the breakfasts between us (so, instead of 8 breakfasts for 1 person over 8 days, we would have 4 breakfasts for 2 people over 4 days)- we were very pleased with the arrangement however the next day after having breakfast, we were presented with a bill from the 'butler' on the 10th floor for one breakfast. She was very obstinate, had no idea about good customer service and told us (get this) that if we didn't pay, she would get Winter (the front desk clerk) to pay(!) so we had to get the manager in who cleared things up. This conflict played out throughout our stay, which made it a bit stressful during breakfast! By the way, breakfast really wasn't worth all the hassle- the usual hotel buffet spread, no Chinese options and TEA-BAGS! Can you believe it?!-We can't say for sure what happened, but my partner 'lost' US$20 from some money he had (unsuccessfully) hidden and I 'misplaced' some dried persimmons I'd brought from Singapore. OK, we should have used the safe for the money, but you'd think that some dried fruit would be safe from pilfering fingers?!-ROOM SERVICE FOOD IS AWFUL! One night, after doing 10KM hike on the Great Wall, we came back too late to dine at our favourite restaurant and ordered some Chinese items from the room service menu- quite possibly the most awful room service meal we've ever had the misfortune to digest. If you MUST eat in your room, try to get some dim sum from the third floor restaurant delivered to your room.-Concierge is a joke- direct all inquiries to Winter. -Access to quality newspapers is terrible- they have only one copy of the International Herald Tribune and The South China Post on the 10th Floor and they guard it jealously- no taking it back to the room to enjoy at your leisure!	
Sep 22 2005	great except for location	Spacious room, drinkable tap water, helpful staff who spoke pretty good English. Dining room &quot;okay,&quot; not great. Oddly, breakfast buffet cost more than either lunch or dinner buffet. Only big drawback was location. Not in walking distance of anything interesting. Only 2 restaurants nearby. One was very expensive and the other (across the street) double charged us for dinner.	
Sep 9 2005	Fantastic Find	Stayed at the Marco Polo for 3 nights. Great rooms, lovely bathrooms and very attentive staff. Great location for T-square and Forbidden City. Can't say anything bad about it!	
Sep 7 2005	A Marvelous Hotel at a Great Price	I just got back from four nights at the Marco Polo, as a result of the reviews on tripadvisor and the information in Frommers. I stayed on the Continental Floor for $110 a night for a double room including breakfast buffet (which was delicious).The Marco Polo is a beautiful hotel, with wonderful access to Beijing's subway system. The lobby will seduce you. The large room and marble bath were wonderful. The linens were of the highest quality. Amenities include slippers, bathrobes, umbrellas, late check out (until 4pm) along with the ordinary. The room was quiet and comfortable. They also have a large pool and very well equipped health club.The staff was great. They assisted me any number of times. It seems that the best price can be had on the hotels webpage.The only negative I could find is that the tours at the tour desk were overpriced. But isn't that always the case? You can arrange your own tours by using the advice in Frommers or almost any quidebook for half the price. Most of the comparable hotels were over $175 a night. The Marco Polo is a spectacular hotel and it's a steal.	
Aug 16 2005	Great for business or please	Stayed at the Marco Polo for a week in May at the very end of a longer stay in China. Needed to get some work done while there, they had a great business center. They have a luxury business center on the top floor of the hotel. Rooms and bathrooms and very large and very luxurious. Look on line for a deal on the &quot;continental club&quot;. Top floor rooms include use their the private library, large screen tv lounge, a great breakfeast buffet, and private discrete check-in. It was very VIP and comfortable. The location of the hotel was pretty good, on a nice day I walked to Tienammen and the Forbidden City. It was about a 20 minute walk. Also, while I was there they were finishing an opera house right across the street, should be ready soon. The conceirge was great, decent prices on tours (of course you can do better on the street) but by the end of my trip I was looking to fit in alot of things without any risk. Did their Great Wall tour, the Ming Tombs tour and the Peking Opera night. They negatiated cabs for us and recommended great places for all our needs. The resturant was pretty good, overpriced, but worth it for the convenience, same for the bar in the lobby.Highly Recommended	
Aug 5 2005	Lovely oasis in the Big City	I stayed for five nights in the Marco Polo Beijing and really enjoyed coming back to my large, clean, comfy room after a day in Beijing's July heat. The staff was helpful and friendly, the room service food is quite good when you're just too tuckered to go back out, and the location is convenient: 15-20 minute walk to Tianenmen Square and very close to two metro stations.I'd recommend this for its quiet serenity and clean comfort.	
Jul 28 2005	Excellent hotel	I stayed in the MP in July 2005 and found it to be an excellent hotel. The room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. The mattress was a bit firm for my taste, but it wasn't uncomfortable. The location was good, a short walk to the Xidan subway station and shopping area. It's about a mile west of Tiananmen Square. Since a subway ticket is about 30 cents and taxis are quite cheap and efficient, location may or may not be a major factor, however. Service was very attentive and courteous. The facilities (pool, gym, jacuzzi, locker room, Cafe Marco) were very nice. I would stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 23 2005 	Great location good value		
Jun 17 2005	The Marco Polo -- A great choice!!		
Jun 12 2005	Decent place to stay		
Mar 31 2005	Beijing Great Stay		
Nov 30 2004	Poor. No attention to detail.		
Nov 12 2004	Great Hotel		
Oct 1 2004 	Great Smiles!		
Sep 28 2004	Loved the Marco Polo Hotel		
Sep 25 2004	Very Satisfied		
Aug 13 2004	Faultless!		
Nov 4 2009 	Bon hôtel		
Oct 23 2009	?????????		
Oct 19 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 27 2009 	Je ne reviendrai pas service lamentable		
Jul 20 2009 	molto bello ottima posizione e ottimo prezzo		
Jun 9 2009 	Hotel muy completo		
May 1 2009 	Parfait		
Jul 15 2007 	Hotel agréable...		
May 27 2007 	Schönes Hotel im Zentrum		
