Jun 21 2009 	Only fair	If you can book this hotel for £25 or so a night, then it's probably a reasonable place to stay for a few nights in Beijing. Unfortunately its impressive exterior and its name - a socalled 'international business hotel' - are not matched by the interior which reminded me of the 1980s in Beijing. The corridors (we were on the 7th floor) smelt musty, as did the room. The room was OK (the hardest bed I've slept on since I was a student in China in the 1970s!) though the carpet and chairs were grubby, as was the shower curtain (which one needed to put across the glass wall if one wanted a bit of privacy). The heavy glass door to the bathroom was difficult to open, particularly from the inside. Some people have commented on the good location - there are plenty of restaurants around (as there are in many places in Beijing) but it's around a 15 minute walk (maybe 10 if you hurry) from Dongzhimen metro station. underground or inexpensive taxis).We actually chose this hotel for two nights - on a short return visit to Beijing from Tokyo (before flying back to the UK) because we thought it would be closer to Dongzhimen - where the airport express train goes from. It was actually almost as cheap to take a taxi from the hotel direct to the airport (it's not far from the airport expressway) - which we did. There are plenty of hotels in better locations for sightseeing etc. (whether you choose to use the underground, which is modern and efficient, or the inexpensive taxis.) Also, the hotel may not be as economical as it seems. While any hotels offer free internet access (with your own computer), we were charged around £10 a day - the alternative was to move to a more expensive room with free internet.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location....very hard beds	I got a very good deal through booking the hotel via bookings.com (£28). Upon arriving at the hotel and entering my room - I realised that the price I paid was just right - it is no way worth more than the price I paid - despite the prices showing RMB 998 (Approx £99) at the hotel. The room itself was a standard room with king-size bed, it was pleasant and I had a nice view of below. The bathroom is....an interesting glass cubicle - but none the less - it serves the purpose. The room it self was a modest size - and the air-con worked a treat where it very quickly heated up the room.The bed was very hard – it took a while to get used to it, but even then – I looked forward to coming home and sleeping in a proper bed.The TV has 2 English channels and 1 French channel the other 60+ are Chinese.During check-in the hotel could not find my booking and hence I did not get my breakfast included - despite having booked it, not a big problem - as there are ample restaurants lined up and down the road - which open at a very early hour.The hotel is in a good spot - there are 2 subway stations in close vicinity and a 7-11 and McD's are not too far away.Also - be aware you will need to put down a deposit for the room when you arrive - either cash or card, which will be returned when you leave.	
Feb 23 2009 	Convenient stay at Qianyuan	Qianyuan was a very nice hotel based on Chinese standards. The room decor was very pleasant, but the walls are very thin. You can hear everything in the hall and adjacent rooms, so bring earplugs. The beds are very hard, harder than the other hotels I stayed. The shower door leaked and flooded the bathroom floor but I remedied this by pointing shower head at the wall.. This hotel provides room safes unlike the other hotels I stayed. The rooms were clean, staff was helpful, and location was perfect. It was just a 5-10 minute walk from Beixingqao and Dongzhimen subway stations. You can catch the 916 bus at Dongzhimen bus stop to Mutianyu Great Wall. The hotel is located on a very busy street that has tons of restaurants. I recommend the Yunan noodle shop across the street, order the fried noodles for 10 RMB. There is also an excellent massage place across the street that cost 99 RMB for 1.5 hr foot and shoulder massage. It is also located just 10 min walking distance from the llama temple, Confucian temple and Imperial Academy.	
Oct 27 2008 	Some strange - but OK - things	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in April, having found a good deal on a website (booking.com). It is in an interesting area, near restaurant street. It is also accessible from - but not close to - 2 different subway stops on two different lines.We had breakfast included. It was buffet and absolutely fine, though some of the dishes are not what you would normally expect - see photo.The room had some strange and impractical design features. The most obvious is a glass bathroom enclosure - admittedly with frosted glass in a broad band (see pictures). Obviously this was not a hit with clients, as there is a totally unnecessary (from the water control viewpoint) shower curtain, allowing privacy.We speculated that someone must have designed this hotel so that it would look god - but had no idea of realities. The carpets on the floor of the lifts/elevators have the day of the week written on them in English. This is, obviously, a pretty useful feature, if you have forgotten what day it is, having crossed the international date line. They accurately told us the day during our stay. Maybe those of you with more experience of multi-star hotels regard this as normal. It was new to me. So I took a picture.This hotel is definitely not a western chain.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great bargain!	I stayed three nights at the hotel and upgraded to a deluxe room which is very spacious with a full kitchen. The room rate is very reasonable as making online booking wil give you half price the walk in rate. The location is nice, with a big food supermarket on the ground floor and situated right in the food street (Gui street). Less than 30 minutes by car from the airport and less than 10 minutes walk to either line 2 or 5 subway line. The breakfast is acceptable with sufficient Chinese and Western choice. The service is nice and the broadband access is ok. Not many facilities at the hotel (a very wide selection of TV channels though) but good enough for sleeping at night (though the bed is a bit hard) and spending the day outside. In sum, it is a really good bargain for a 4 star hotel in Beijing.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent hotel. Really enjoyed our stay.	We stayed for 4 nights in an 'executive room' in September 2007. We paid about £27/night as we found a deal on the internet. I would highly recommend staying here. It is quite modern and the rooms are spacious, comfortable and well furnished. The staff are friendly and helpful (though quite limited English). We didn't eat in the restaurant except for breakfast - this was a buffet with a range of Western and Chinese dishes on offer - OK but nothing special. The hotel is very well located - about 10 mins walk from the metro and on a street full of restaurants - the ones we tried were great.	
