Oct 19 2009 	Smart comfortable and perfect position	We have just returned from an 8 night stay at the Swissotel in Beijing - very sad to leave such a homely and welcoming hotel. The hotel is smart, clean and comfortable (yes, the bathrooms are looking a little tired -the odd cracked tile - but pristinely clean and lashings of hot water) and the TV isn't flat screen (as noted in earlier reviews) but it does have good choices including two film channels in English and the usual BBC World and USA/Asian news channels and in hindsight I wouldn't have stayed anywhere else in preference. The common areas are beautifully kept and obviously refurbished, the buffet breakfast offers a huge amount of choice - we actually had a deal with breakfast included which is a huge bonus to start the day (open until 10am) - and the rooms were spacious and comfortable - we had a room on the 8th floor overlooking the front of the hotel and the view was fabulous-even to the hills in the distance on clear days. The staff were very helpful and friendly - we booked trips through the travel desk - probably a bit pricey but the guides were informative and trips included lunch - as newcomers to the country we thought it worth paying the price and were highly satisfied. Even the gift shop staff were happy to chat and not too pushy - after sampling the silk and clothes markets it was a refreshing change. The real bonus for this hotel is its location - semi commercial/semi residential area - 2 theatres next door - one an acrobat theatre and worth going to (prices range form £19 ppn upwards). Immediately in front of the hotel is the subway entrance (20p to go anywhere and very clean,new and easy to use) and to the rear of the hotel a parade of restaurants and starbucks (if you must). Opposite the hotel and over the road is an area of renovated old grain houses which are now restaurants - try the Da Dong- fabulous range of food and not too expensive compared with Western prices - need 2-3 days reservation time but the hotel staff will make them for you. (the Chinese restaurant in the hotel is OK but Western prices) Also behind the hotel (20 mins walk) is a clothes market which is worth a look - tailor made suits and designer shirts and handbags abound - but push hard on price -after being probably fleeced earlier in the week at the Silk Mall we learned quickly and got some good bargains here (go for 10-15% of initial asking price). I spent a day on my own wandering the area while my husband was working and felt perfectly safe despite being the only Westerner in sight - I wouldn't be so keen in London or American cities- which speaks volumes about this and surrounding areas of Beijing. Also fabulous pool and gym - although we were so tired after walking around all day we only visited to look at it. So - would we return to this hotel and recommend it to our friends?- absolutely!! Thank you for a wonderful stay and we look forward to another visit.	
Sep 17 2009 	Serene oasis amidst the bustle of the city	I had the pleasure of staying at the Swissotel Beijing this past spring and enjoyed the wonderful service, pleasant and tasteful decor, large, comfortable and clean beds. I loved the Swiss Chocolates in the room as well.The common areas are quiet and calming with scented oil at the elevator landings. The property has numerable facilities and amenities including an excellent pool and health club. One of the highlights if you hold your first and most important meal of the day dear are the fantastic breakfasts in the cafe. The choice of offerings included both Asian and European selections and varied from day to day. Fresh juices, eggs made to order, fresh baked pastries and a variety of breads, meats, jams, cereals and muesli.The rooms have beautiful city views and the property is in close proximity to businesses, great restaurants, the People's Stadium and shopping.The property seems to be ideal for the business travel but can be equally enjoyable for the leisure traveler or family planning to visit Beijing.I would have liked to have tried more of the restaurants at the Swissotel as there are many but due to the many cultural and city excursions we could not make it to more than the cafe.	
Aug 31 2009 	Hotel + Outstanding Service = HOME	This is my second visit to Beijing and I stayed here with my colleague for a duration of a month. First impression i had from front office was they still recognize me when after 6 months later i'm back to Beijing!! Everything was outstanding, from the staff, to the service and they do provided what i want same as last stayed and they gave me the same room as last visit on January which i'm very suprise and happy as I only told them once before i leave on 14 Feb 2009. Internet is very important for all business people, both me and my colleague was very grateful that during our stay there was no intermittent on our internet connection and that had made our business process very successful. Only thing was this second visit, there is quite a few websites which i can't get in which I'm believe it's block.I would like to recognize your Front Office colleague who had assist me witt everythings.I would like to thank Mr. Liu. the Manager &amp; Concierge Team who always give me best travel advise and the outstanding service that they had given. On the other hand, the choices of food on the room service menu needs to be more variety and presentation must be consistent as I'm order one same thing but everytime delivered to my room was given different item. Level of service from the server needs to be more attentive in terms of anticipating the guest need. Nevertheless, overall, i had an outstanding stay at your hotel.Thank you all of your which giving me a OUTSTANDING stay at Swissotel Beijing!!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Service with Homely Feeling	I stayed here with my colleague for a duration of a month. Everything was exellence, from the staff, to the service. As internet is important for all business people, both me and my colleague was very grateful that during our stay there was no intermittent on our internet connection and that had made our business process very successful.I would like to recognize your engineering colleague who had help me with my luggage or else i would need to purchase a brand new piece. If it was not for him, i was unable to unlock the combination of my luggage.I would like to thank him and his outstanding service that he had given. On the other hand, the choices of food on the room service menu needs to be more tasty and have more variety. Level of service from the server needs to be more attentive in terms of anticipating the guest need. Nevertheless, overall, i had an outstanding stay at your hotel.Thank you all.	
Aug 6 2009 	Excellent Friendly Hoyel	Having been booked into this hotel by Thomas Cook and then reading some of these reviews I did not know what to expect. What I got was an excellent comfy hotel, good food and friendly English speaking staff. Breakfasts were particularly excellent. I would certainly stay there again and recomend anyone else to do so. I was primarily in Beijing for the Barclays Asia Football Tournament in the Workers Stadium just along the road but with the subway station outside access to all the Beijing attractions was easy.	
Aug 5 2009 	Very good service nice location	Location: Near city center, next to metro station, very high taxi frequency, near Poly Theater, Acrobatics show theater, Dadong's roast duck restaurant.Rooms: Less spacey than expected for hotel's price, average or below average for 5 star hotel.Service: Excellent service, very friendly staff with some good English speakers. The bar inside the hotel &quot;The Flow&quot; had also very good service. One thing that I appreciated a lot was a money exchange bench in the reception of the hotel with excellent exchange rates, no need to go to a bank in the whole trip.Food: Excellent breakfast. Most people write negative comments about the restaurant but I have to say that I was only disappointed by the a la carte menu. The dinner buffet was good, it also had an offering for two persons (one pays and the other one eats for free). Attention to details, for example excellent ice-cream from Italy better than Haagen-Dazs. Things that I didn't like: No free internet and very pricey if you chose to enable it, about 200RMB if I remember correctly.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good hotel and good location	I've stayed at this hotel before and had a good experience. It's a good sized room but has a small tube tv (if that's important to you). The gym is one of the best I've seen. The buffet lunch and breakfast is very good. There is a flea market down the street from the hotel although it's a very long block (takes about 20+ minutes to get there. Be wary of trying to get a cab from the hotel. You're generally better off going to the street to hail one down. Also, trying to get our of the complex is a bit of a hassle. You've got to walk all the way around the perimeter of the building to get out, which is a bit of a pain. There is a subway stop right next door to the hotel, which is convenient (although, with cabs being so cheap it's probably not that important). I didn't experience the service issues others have had but then again I don't use the hotel services that much as my stays are generally very short (a day or two tops).	
Jun 9 2009 	Better than expected...	We arrived at the Swissotel on May 12 and we stayed for 9 nights. The check-in went smoothly, since we are Swissotel club members, we got a free up-grade to a higher floor. Our room was pretty nice, I can't say it's really nice since I have been to better 4 and 5 star hotels, but from the reading the reviews on tripadvisor and then going to the hotel with a relatively low expectation, I have to say that the roomy bathroom with separate bath and shower and a large window and a nice view far exceeded my expectations. One thing I didn't like was the bed and the tv. I can't blame Swissotel for the bed, since all hotels in China used very hard beds that hurt your bones after a night of sleep, but the tv is a bit out-dated. The internet was expensive (95RMB per day) and thats only for in-room broadband. There is only wireless on the third and main floor and it cost something ridiculous.The cleaning crew did a good job cleaning up everyday, and they also came in the evenings to prep your room for the night leaving your slippers by the bed and leaving a mint on the night stand.We went swimming on a few of the days and the indoor pool was really nice, there was also a tennis court on the third floor (if you are a tennis lover, its a good hotel for you!).Just for fun, for Canadians like me, there is a Canadian flag on the Swissotel roof, I found out when I was there that Air Canada has a contract with the hotel, so all the Air Canada pilot and flight attendants spend the night there after they flight from Toronto/Vancouver to Beijing.Overall, I would recommend this hotel.	
May 31 2009 	Not keeping up with the times	At one time, this may have been a luxury hotel in Beijing. Now, it is old, tired and badly in need of upgrading. The rooms are tiny and the furniture is outdated. The first thing the hotel needs to address is the air conditioning in the rooms. The thermostats do not work ( house-keeping told me this) and the rooms are like an oven in hot weather. If you sleep well in hot and stuffy conditions, this is the place for you. I had to change rooms twice before I found one that was comfortable. I have had the same problem on my last three stays and this theme seems to be repeated throughout several additional reviews. Obviously, management is aware of this, but does not seem motivated to spend the money to fix the problem.The rooms are small, old and tired. The Hotel is Swiss owned and seems to cater to Europeans who do not appear as discerning as North American travelers. Also, I noticed quite a few flight crews staying there. they must give good rates to the airlines, increasing occupancy rates and reducing the motivation to improve. I have now stayed there several times because it is close to my business associates, but on this last trip, I informed my colleagues that they must find me a newer and better maintained propriety even if means taking taxis.Wit hall the new and wonderful hotels in Beijing, this is one to avoid.	
May 27 2009 	I liked it once I was upgraded	Well my native girlfriend and I stayed here for 5 days and it started roughly with a reservation hiccup about whether 1 or 2 people were staying in the room and then when we sorted that out we were sent to a 2 twin bed room that stunk terribly....either cigarette smoke or chemicals. We went to the front desk and complained and got an upgrade to an upper floor with a king size bed. This room was great and quiet. Glazed or double paned windows make for a quiet room. They had a blanket in the sheets but once we stripped that out we were comfortable and slept well the subsequent nights.Pros: Decent location, rooms are nice, service is outstanding with thousekeeping attending our room twice a day or so it seemed. beds and pillows were comfortable. Had good services such as a free gym, post office, internet etc.Nuetral: Breakfast was so-so and had overcooked eggs one day but overall serviceable but coffee-tea service is really expensive. Didn't eat any other meals there due to the cost. Air conditioning was adequate for mild weather, not sure for extremely hot days.Cons: None really other than check-in was rough but maybe not even the hotel's fault.	
May 9 2009 	not more than ok	The Swissotel BJ is an old hotel that needs a renovation.Rooms are old fashion, the air-condition is hardly working.There are many other better hotels in BJ.	
May 8 2009 	good modern hotel	My wife &amp; I spent 3 nights at this hotel.English language a problem here. It's a modern hotel,our room on 9th.floor faced a busy traffic area but because of double-glazed windows it was quiet inside.Modern room &amp; bathroom.Location was excellent.A 10 minute walk to very,very cheap market .Taxis are cheap.Bistro in restaurant served excellent breakfast but we were disappointed by evening buffet.Wine was very expensive and they don't bring the bottle you ordered to the table but a carafe (it could be any wine) I didn't have the patience to argue becuase of the lack of English spoken.However except for language problem we liked it.	
Mar 5 2009 	Perhaps the worst Swissotel ...	The location of this hotel is great, but it's hard to find much else good to say about it. Like most Asian hotels, there are plenty of staff, but they are essentially helpless. My room was incredibly hot (apparently early March is too early for them to turn on the air conditioning in the guest rooms) and it was too noisy/dirty to leave the windows open. There is a major design flaw in the bathroom, resulting in flooding when taking a shower. I thought it was just my room, so I requested a new one. The same thing happened in the second room. And as in most Chinese hotels, a non-smoking room is usually a smoking room with the ashtray removed. And although it doesn't happen often, don't be surprised to see Chinese men smoking in the elevators or while they are checking-in at the front desk.I often make my hotel choices in strange cities based on where Air Canada crews stay. Although this hotel was okay, it's sure not up to the standards of other Swissotels.	
Jan 6 2009	Swissotel Beijing good choise	Hotel has good location next to the main highways and subway station so getting around is easy. Subway is just next to the main entrance (subway system works well). There are plenty of taxis just outside of the hotel and hotel porters always order one for you and tell to the driver in Chinese where you are going. We absolutely didn't have any problems with the taxis. Common areas and lobby bar are spacious and classy as you can expect in a 5 star hotel. Our room on the 11th floor was very clean and nice looking. Not very spacious but to get more space you should be prepared to pay much more in the top end hotels.Staff English skills are not so good but you shouldn't be surprised by that as English is not commonly spoken anywhere in China. Despite of that staff always was helpful and for example arranged tickets to kungfu and acrobatics shows. Acrobatics theatre locates next to the hotel and the show is worth of seeing! Staff in the bar was always nice and service very good.I could absolutely stay in Swissotel again if I'd go back to Beijing.	
Dec 7 2008 	Poor experience at the Swissotel	We stayed at the Swissotel Beijing for four nights in the middle of a three week trip around Asia. The physical amenities were just fine, but the service is what makes a good hotel -- and the service at the Swissotel is pretty dreadful. For starters, the location of the hotel is good -- near the San Li Tun bar district; subway is directly outside hotel -- and the lobby is nice and spacious. The breakfast that was included with our room was also very good. The room was actually the largest that we stayed in throughout Asia, which we were happy about. It was also clean and the bathroom was spacious. The beds were very, very firm and uncomfortable. The amenities were good, but the employees at the front desk were rude and unfriendly. When we got in, they had lost our reservation and it took nearly 45 minutes for them to straighten everything out, which is always unpleasant but it happens. Later that day, I bought deoderant from the small shop in the hotel. When I opened it in my room, there was a crust over the top of the roller, which was disgusting. I brought it down to the desk to ask then to exchange it and was told that they wouldn't because there was a problem with it. Then the person took the bottle from me and rubbed it down his forearm; he then gave it back to me and said, &quot;Look, no problem.&quot; Nice way to treat your guests.We asked for restaurant tips, and neither the concierge nor the desk employees were willing to help with any information. Everyone also spoke poor English. Throughout our four night stay, we didn't meet any hotel employees who spoke decent English.We loved Beijing and definitely want to go back in the future, but would never stay at the Swissotel because of the poor service.	
Nov 23 2008 	Not really the swiss standard	The hotel looks very nice from outside. The lobby is very welcoming with a nice bar and restaurants. However, my room was a bit depressing. - It was stuck between 2 walls so with few light from outside- It had a terrible smell of perfume (in order to remove cigarette smell ?). - The bathroom had no bathtube or basin, there's a single floor with water everywhere once you have taken a shower.I was probably unlucky with the room I got but other colleagues also notified me problems like,- traffic noise (lack of insulation from windows)- sometime too cold or too warm rooms.Depsite all this, the location is not so bad and the breakfast choice is very good.Funny note: they give condom with the bathroom kit ?!	
Nov 1 2008 	Much better than expected	We stayed 6 days in the Swissotel Beijing for a conference organised in the hotel. We appreciated its location nearby the metro station and in the vicinity of many good restaurants.We booked a room of the executive floors and were not disappointed. Yes, the rooms are small - even on the executive floors - but functional, fully equipped and clean. The air conditioning was quite noisy, even at &quot;low&quot;. The hallways were clean and smelled pleasantly - at least at our non-smoking floor.The staff of the executive floor reception and lounge was very competent and friendly. We were advised correctly on what to do and what to skip and got a tour arrangement for the musts of Beijing at a lower price than offered by the Tour office at the lobby. The executive lounge offered nice and rich breakfast and snacks during the happy hour, but was crowded in the morning between 7:30 and 8:30.The swimming pool has a slippery floor - can become dangerous and is certainly not the most appealing part of the hotel. There is an ATM in the hotel lobby and a souvenir shop with a good collection of items. Dont hesitate to bargain, you can get as low as 25% of the tag price (and perhaps even lower - but we didn't have so much time...)	
Jul 17 2008 	worst hotel on trip to china	I stayed at this hotel at the end of a two week business trip around China. This was the worst hotel and also the most expensive of the trip. The lobby was impressive. The hallway to the room smelled terrible. The room was small. The bathroom needed a remodel. The breakfast was just OK. Ate one dinner there and that was poor and over priced. I stayed in Beijing for holiday at the end of the business trip and transferred to a much better hotel closer to the forbidden city for 3/4 the price of the Swissotel. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	Good Business Hotel	stayed for 2 nights in the Swissotel. Rooms were nicely furnished with a comfortable bed, a good-sized desk and wall sockets that fit just about any sort of electric plugs. The hotel was clean and in a good location - 30+min from Wanfujing and 20min from Ya Show clothings market on foot - with the subway just 5min walk away. What struck me most was the friendly staff who never ceased to greet you with a smile, particularly the breakfast restaurant and the currency exchange staff. Breakfast was normal hotel fare, though. Nothing special. But I will definitely stay at the Swissotel again if I am back in Beijing.......	
May 26 2008 	Elegance style and service	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights at the end of 10 days of travel in and around Beijing. It was a great experience and we left China on a high.The hotel lobby is very atractive. Check in was extremely efficient. Even though this is a large chain hotel the feel is more that of a boutique hotel. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The room has large and very clean. The bathroom amenities were first class. The food at the various restaurants was wonderful, from the vast selection at breakfast, including freshly baked goods, to the elegant surroundings and sophisticated choices at dinner. I would certainly stay at the Beijing Swissôtel again.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good Comfortable hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 10 days, part of which was during the Chinese national holiday week. We found the service to be excellent - the turndown service was especially thorough. The room was large - there was three of us in the room, and they made up an extra bed for us no problem, and it still left ample space.The service desk will write taxi cards in chinese for you - most places are pretty close. The Summer palace was the furthest - about 30 mins in a taxi. They also do Great Wall tours at the front desk. And there is a bank nearby with ATMs that accept Western cards - very very handy! The front desk also exchanges major currencies. They have a gift shop that sells standard gift shop fare, and a post office, though you will almost certainly get home long before your mail does!!!People should be aware that allthough this is a five star hotel, I think the standards in China might be different, maybe? But it is a brilliant hotel for the price.The hotel isn't in the greatest area in Beijing if you want to walk, most destinations require a taxi. That said, there is still plenty to do... down the road is an excellent supermarket (very good for getting drinks etc - avoid that minibar!!!) and a wonderful resturaunt called the Pavillion is within a short walk as well, and a McDonalds. Avoid the Swissotel resturaunt if you can - its good but not spectacular, and expensive even for Westerners - very very expensive in Chinese terms! You can get a better meal for much less in other places. It is however, very convienient if you need a big meal in a hurry!All in all, we found the Swissotel to be an excellent refuge and place to rest after a long day in the hustle-bustle of Beijing, and easily the most comfortable hotel in our trip.	
Mar 15 2008 	Thoroughly irritating	This is my third time staying in this property. I don't know how other people come to a five-star rating for this hotel, but I can assure this property is nowhere near that after three seperate visits. It's unfortunate my company is still booking me in. Swissotel has spent big money renovating the lobby, cafes and most common area. These places are lovely and well designed, but that doesn't extend to the rooms. I was booked into a non-smoking King-size room, and got checked into a pokey twin bed room instead. When you get in, the first thing you realize is this awful smell of stale smoke. The carpets under your feet feels dirty, and when you go in to take a bath - the bathroom is underwhelmingly two-star standard that I can only relate to cheap motels in the US. There is little toiletries they provide - can I suggest you bringing you own shampoo and toothpaste if you intend to stay? They have the two-in-one stuff I hate more than anything.When you finish your bath, you would realize one or two towels come with a hole, and are small threadbare stuff that's been there for ages. When you are done with that you go out and switch on the TV - it's the tiniest 14 inches that's still in the CRT era. (I suspect there are other people like me, expecting to relax infront of a plasma or LCD TV that's a bit bigger.) Also, you know something is wrong when you need to pull the plug of the desk lamp for your laptop, and the broadband that you have is at a snail pace... And when you get sleepy, you would realize the mattress is so damn hard that's actually preventing you from a proper sleep. You pull the duvet higher - and there are holes on the cover.(??)Swissotel Beijing has got a great lobby, but beyond there is little to suggest a pleasant stay. The rest of the staff appears ill-trained. A manager walked past me three times on my floor - no eye contact, he never even said hi or smiled. They tried to charge us double for a simple request of bourbon with ice in the lounge. (With the most stupid debate - &quot;Sir you asked for ice, so that's double price because you get more&quot;) The front desk staff did not intend to any receipt when I check out until I ask for it - and they gave me a wrong one.The most stupid one was when I asked to store my luggage on the last day - the bell boy told me he can't take my luggage if there is a laptop in it. That really had blown my fuse, until a manager came over and explained he meant laptops are to be stored in the managers' safe.Simple conclusion - fail to communicate through and through. For the same sum, I had a very enjoyable stay with Sheraton in Shanghai. I'm just waiting for Sheraton to build something closer downtown in Beijing, and when that happens - I'd be happy to pay out of my pocket to get away from this awful place.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nice hotel - friendly staff	Stayed here for a few of days on a business trip. Nice rooms clean and tidy with enough space to work. Convenient for the metro and no problems getting a cab at anytime. Reasonable food in the cafe, unfortunately didn't manage to try the other restaurants. However, I will be going back in a few weeks and will update this review then if necessary.Internet connection was a bit flaky one day but that may well be a one off. Staff were helpful and friendly and always seemed to be enough people on reception.	
Jan 11 2008 	Highly recommended	I stayed here for one night on the way to business in Tianjin. This is a very classy hotel, service is great, good location, very comfortable rooms. Excellent.I arrived with a severe tooth problem and a dentist appointment was arranged for me the next morning and the dentist was onsite at the hotel. How good is that?	
Dec 28 2007 	pleasant service close to subway	We stayed four nights here in a standard room on the club level. We appreciated the larger room since there were three of us, my husband, myself and our daughter. We had a great view of the ring road and it was good to gauge the density of the traffic to choose whether to get around by subway or by taxi. Subway is usually better and this hotel is well located right alongside the subway.There are better locations in Beijing, perhaps around Wangfujing st, but being close to the subway overcomes other disadvantages and gives some choice in where to go day or night. The hotel has a good gymnasium and a nice pool - that could be anywhere in the world.	
Nov 17 2007 	About What I expected	Spent a week here for a business conference which was also held in the hotel. From the outside this hotel seemed impressive, the reception staff and bellboys were all very friendly. The room itself however was average at best, certainly nowhere near the standard of the Swissotel in Chicago where I have also stayed. The airconditioningonly ran hot, not cold so in desperation I opened the window but noisefrom the adjacent building site was constant with scaffold clanking until at least 11pm. Most of Beijing seems a building site at present (no doubt due to the upcoming Olympic Games). My only other real gripe was that I couldn't connect to the internet in my room despite repeated efforts.The view from my room at the rear of the hotel was limited to a view of other buildings through the smog (I did not see a clear sky all week).You can't drink the water here and the 'complimentary' bottles of water were priced at 35 yuan. The restaurant and bars were what I'd expect from any good western hotel and the staff were very attentive. If you go there expecting a western 5 star experience you may be disappointed however overall not a bad experience.	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice Place	Good location -- great local eating places across the street, and a few steps from subway. Hotel is five star, therefore you can expect no less than everything clean and nice. The only thing is they charge for internet facilities. From PEK airport, take cab and run by meter, should be about RMB70-75 including toll only!	
Oct 31 2007 	Almost there	I stayed at this hotel with a group of friends. It's interesting that we had a mixed view of the experience. Half the group had the executive rooms; half did not. Of those who had the executive rooms, half had problems with the airconditioning. When the head of the group rang up the reception, he was told to open the window. Uh oh.The executive room I had came with a small sitting area near the door. There was a larger TV there and a smaller TV at the foot of the bed. I think it is a nice idea but impractical because the bathroom opens into the sitting area. I was alone and never used that space.Otherwise the room was fine, no complaints whatsoever.The bathroom and bathroom accessories were good, all boxed and neatly tied with a ribbon. They even had a ribbon around the plastic slip-proof bathmat. The wastebasket was not lined--a sign of an upscale hotel.Service quality at the executive lounge and the cafe could be better. Overall, apart from the airconditioning that seemed to have afflicted some of my friends, this was a decent hotel.	
Oct 24 2007	Absolutely Loved the Swissotel Beijing	I enjoyed a wonderful stay at this Swissotel! The location of the hotel is very favourable. The subway is just outside the main entrance, and there are cabs waiting at another entrance. In addition, there are ATMs within a 2 min walk.The front desk and the restaurant staff are very friendly and helpful. They were very quick and courteous to act upon my non-functioning key-card. The front desk is large and manned by several employees, which minimizes waiting. The staff are relatively well versed in English, and there is a variety of local and European staff working at the front desk. The restaurant service is prompt, friendly and courteous. One restaurant staff member even helped my friend translate something into Mandarin and wrote it out for her in Chinese characters to ensure smoother communication. There are also friendly staff members at another entrance to help with cabs.The interior of the hotel is great. The hotel lobby was just renovated, and the facilities were spectacular. The decor of the hotel is very nice, modern and very clean.The rooms are excellent. The sheets are new and clean, as are the towels and bathrobes. The furniture is comfortable, much like their beds. The room is well organized, and there is enough space to put away suitcases without any obstruction of walking. The furnishings are comfortable and there is much storage space. The in-suite amenities provided are better than average, including additional toothbrushes, slippers, q-tips and cotton, and nicer lotion, shampoo and conditioner, bathing cap, soap, shower gel and so forth. Moreover, since tap water in Beijing is undrinkable, the hotel provided two complimentary water bottles, located by the sink in the bathroom.The noise levels are very low, and the views are pretty.The hotel restaurant is excellent. We had the buffet breakfast there, and enjoyed it tremendously. The restaurant is large and well organized. The various food stations are well spaced to prevent congestion. The food itself was very good. There were many choices offered, both in terms of Western and Chinese cuisine. The omelet/egg station was well manned by friendly and efficient chefs. The choice of desert, fruit and juice was ample. In addition, the service was prompt and friendly, and the dishes, cutlery and linens were very clean.I would highly recommend the Beijing Swissotel to anyone! It is well worth your time !	
Sep 9 2007 	Lacklustre and not up to the standard of an internationally-managed 5-star hotel	I chose this hotel because I have a conference at the adjacent Asia Hotel. I did not want to stay at the Asia because it's a locally-run 4-star hotel and I am rather snooty about such things, admittedly. I looked at the website at the Swissotel and thought I'd give it a try. After all, my experiences with (limited) Swissotel hotels are okay so far and it's part of one of my favourite hotel brands, Raffles.But perhaps my expectations are too high. I was disappointed right from checking in till leaving. First, I reached the hotel late (around 12.10 am) and there was no one at the lobby except for a security guard. I signalled to the security to get me a bellboy to help with my luggage. It was only then one bellboy came to me.The check-in was also surreal, as there was no one at the counter and only after I shouted (in Mandarin, &quot;anybody there?&quot;, twice) that a lady with dishevelled hair (was she sleeping inside the office?) came and checked me in. She initially had a sullen face, but after I gave her my broad smiles did she decide to reciprocate and smile back a little.The room that she claimed she'd &quot;upgraded&quot; me to was a small one, with a tiny bathroom. The sink was a cramped one, even though there is black marble. The sink was obviously an old one. I didn't know Swissotel is such an old hotel needing refurbishment.The non-smoking room I'd wasn't exactly sans tobacco smell after all. Due to some inconsiderate smokers in neighbouring rooms puffing away, I could clearly smell the cigarette smell from where I am, in a non-smoking level. I hate this, but I know in China, it's really difficult to ensure a non-smoking level sees no smokers at all. Still, call me a sucker, in an international 5-star outfit, I was hoping against hope...The food at the Cafe Swiss downstairs was mediocre. The latte I wanted was supposed to be using skim milk, but they actually told me that they'd run out of non-fat milk. That was the first instance. I didn't take breakfast there but in my last day, ate lunch there. I ordered a steak, medium rare (translating into Mandarin &quot;30-40% cooked&quot;, literally). The steak took 45 mins to come, and it was almost well-done. As I was pressed for time, I didn't pursue the matter but went off sorely disappointed.The check-out was also poor. As it was peak period at 1 pm, there was a slight queue. But they did not go according to the queue (I know Beijingers don't follow queues, but still, in an international 5-start outfit?) and I had to elbow my way in at the end because I really need to leave to catch my flight. The reception lady gave a dirty look and throughout the check-out was with a sullen face, despite my many attempts to smile broadly at her. In this aspect, they've failed miserably for customer service.So, what's good about this hotel, you may ask? Location is fine if you wanna take the metro, as the station is right in front of it. But in the vicinity of the hotel, there is nothing like eating places or a convenience store.The rooms, though small, are adequate and the internet speed was fast. Yet, aren't all these expected of an international 5-star hotel anyway? When I was there in the 3 days, I notice that the hotel was hosting the chefs du mission of the upcoming Paralympics. The staff definitely looked stressed and were struggling to cope, in terms of efficiency, in terms of English language and in terms of politeness.So, what would happen if the Olympics come next year? Will they be able to cope? Makes me wonder, or should they just admit that they aren't 5-star and thus not make customers expect too much of them?	
Aug 28 2007 	Comfortable but....	Swissotel was at a good price, without breakfast; although we did not know that there was nothing within walking distance to have breakfast. It is located at a very busy intersection a bit off the main tourist sites, but subway stops right in front. The room and bathroom were good size. Staff spoke enough English and were pleasant. If I do not want to depend on taxis (who do not speak English), next time I will stay elsewhere. Also, the lobby is undergoing remodelling and the entrance to the hotel is just a small room that gets very crowded making the entrance and exit of the hotel uncomfortable.	
Jul 27 2007 	Excellent Hotel good location	The hotel is quite good. The service is excellent. The prices acceptable. The rooms are big and very clean. The bath is a dream. The beds are very comfortable. Getting access to the internet is very easy. The view from some rooms is incredible. The hotel is in a good location for making shopping or going to some quite interesting places in Beijing. Very near is the Sanlitun bar area, Ya Show Shopping Center and most interesting, the Houhai Park and Beihei Park, as well as the Forbidden City. From this hotel you can reach the most interesting points in Beijing in a short time. All in all a very good hotel. Only the bar inside the hotel is lousy. Closes early, uncomfortable atmosphere and high prices. As well as the beer garden. The prices in the beer garden are acceptable, but it closes early also. So the only chance is to go to Sanlitun. That's close and good. Anyway, this is the only item and it's not important to discover Beijing from a brilliant location. Good recommendation.	
Apr 23 2007	Fair luxury at a great price	Swissotel's website provided a great price (be aware of the 15% added fees). Rooms were just as shown in pics - my &quot;superior&quot; room was a bit on the small side, but very clean and comfortable. Included breakfast buffet was perfectly acceptable, though not the extravaganza described by some others. Location a bit off the main tourist sites, but subway stops right in front and cabs are very cheap. Staff spoke enough English and were never rude or unpleasant. Would definitely stay upon next trip to Beijing!	
Mar 17 2007	A welcome sanctuary in the middle of the city	Excellent hotel, good service and great location (subway right outside front door). We were travelling as tourists (backpack, etc), and this was obviously a hotel catering to business people, but we received the same fabulous service. See if you can get an upgrade to an executive room -- we did it when we booked and it was fantastic. We did stay in a regular room on our last night - it was fine but not as luxurious. We felt very spoiled, but we were grateful for the comfort of the hotel after long days trying to wield our way around Beijing.	
Feb 23 2007 	Absolutely Fab!		
Sep 8 2006 	Would recommend the swissotel beijing		
Mar 29 2006 	Great hotel but skip their restaurants		
Nov 20 2005	Solid choice good value!		
Oct 21 2005	Great hotel for service 		
Aug 23 2005	Cheap for a 4 star place		
Aug 7 2005	good choice		
May 6 2005	Friendly and efficient		
May 4 2005	Good value for first class!		
Nov 4 2009 	??????????????????		
Oct 22 2009 	Würde gerne länger bleiben...!		
Aug 31 2009	unverfälschte Eindrücke sammelt man nur vor Ort..		
Mar 17 2009 	????????????????????????????????		
Feb 3 2009 	Swissôtel Beijing		
