	VERY NICE HOTEL	We get vacation every year after my wedding. But up to now more than four years we work hard and prepare for great vacation for 4 months we choose Asia is our destination First stop in Beijing we stayed in this hotel.Hotel not too big but the room was nice and comfortable. We liked this and enjoyed it.	
Nov 19 2009 	A fantastic hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Autumn Garden hotel at the end of our trans-siberian railway trip from Moscow and staying there was one of the highlights of an amazing holiday. Staying in the hutong was so much better than an international style hotel, we really felt that we experienced a 'real' bit of Beijing. We loved the choice of english or chinese breakfasts, the room was gorgeous and having free internet was incredibly useful. The location was wonderful too, only 10 minutes walk to Tiananmen square.	
Sep 11 2009 	nice place to stay	The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, enabling you to find your bearings by providing a trishaw facility to the main road from the hotel. The location of the hotel is a 5 minute walk from Qianmen subway and the furnishings of the hotel rich in tradition. You may not get the western breakfasts you do in more modern hotels but it gives you an opportunity to live like the locals.	
Dec 14 2008 	Reccomended	This is a great little hotel, I booked this hotel based on previous reviews, so I thought I would come on here and recommend it myself.I went to Beijing on my own for 4 nights to see what its like. It is quite a crazy place, Chinese people seem to take advantage of tourists at every possible opportunity.The Autumn Garden Hotel however is amazing, such nice people, and I consider it a great price for what I got. Its location is great if you want to get a slight feel of what its like living in China.You need to walk down a couple of narrow alley ways to get to the Hotel, but it is very close to Tienanmen Square, with a lot of sites close by, such as the Temple of Heaven and Forbidden City within walking distance. Also there is a touring company with nice and cheap tours (although in Chinese) which is less than 10 minutes walk away next to Tienanmen Square.The rooms are clean and comfortable. Breakfast is simple but decent. The People are fantastic, talk English and are very very helpful. They picked me up from the airport without any charge, Im not sure if this is a regular service, but it was helpful. If it is your first time in China, I recommend getting picked up, as taxi drivers talk very little English if any at all, and the Hotel can be hard to find, Taxi drivers wont know it.The hotel welcomes you very nicely, and give you a map to the area and to the hotel, and even a mobile phone to use while you stay with them.The hotel had everything you should need, but I was truly impressed by the service there which easily allows me to recommend it. In contrast to most of the Chinese which I met who seemed to try and take me for every cent that I had, this little hotel was there for me for every need, without trying to charge me for the help that they offered, or even the things which I expected to pay for such as the half a day late checkout, or airport pick up.If you want a simple, relaxing, and friendly stay, try the Autumn Garden. I will no doubt be staying there again on my next visit.	
Nov 10 2008	an oasis in Beijing	Just got back from Beijing and a wonderful experience staying in the middle of a hutong (maze of alleyways) in Beijing, just next door to Tian'anmen Square. This inn is truly an oasis in a crazy busy city and right in the middle of what feels like 50 years ago - staff were so welcoming and accomodating - if you want a taxi, they have one - we went to the Great Wall with our very own driver - even had a (very simple) lunch prepared by one of the staff - who were all delightful - lovely courtyard - very quiet even though in the midst of chaos - a real feel for old China - haven't downloaded our photos yet, but willing to share if anyone is interested!	
Nov 1 2008 	Lovely traditional style hotel	This is a really lovely traditional style hotel, located literally just 5 minutes walk away from Tianmen square as well as lots of eating options &amp; shops. The girls at the front desk were very friendly, helpful and spoke good english. The rooms are very pretty and comfortable, with modern western style bathrooms. Since it's located in the hutong (lots of narrow, confusing alley ways) It's a good idea to take with you the address of the hotel writen in Chinese characters as well as the phone number, so the taxi driver can call for directions. We were given a mobile to use during our stay - and took it with us when we went off to North Korea for a week and then called when we got back, and they sent out a car to pick us up from the station. On our return we also got upgraded to a bigger room. The bathrooms were pretty much the same in both rooms - the sinks make a brilliant nose when you tap them. I booked, as I usually do, on www.venere.com - this is an excellent website and no down payment required.	
Aug 25 2008 	Living it the Beijing way	As I was looking for accommodation for my visit during the Olympics in late 2007, most of the major hotels were not available for booking for IOC-related room blocks. Which means when I booked it everything everywhere was very expensive. Then I found this little courtyard hotel, and was charged at least 4 times their published rates, yet still I am happy with what I got. Situated 3 &quot;layers&quot; deep from the main streets, you will either need to have good map reading skills to navigate your way to find this on your own... or you could use their free tricycle service which would pick you up from either Qianmen or Hepingmen Quanjude Roast Duck Restaurant.I love the surrounding of this guesthouse. It is a typical hutong where houses are one next to the other, and rather peaceful and quiet. That means it's not the best place to stay if you are expecting upper class and polished streets. In fact, you will find at least 3 smelly public toilets along the way to the guesthouse. But that's what's genuine about the neighbourhood. The location is also quite fantastic... a 5-10 minute walk (or less with tricycle) would bring you to the subway station (Hepingmen and Qianmen), and also Tiananmen Square... that's a big plus for those who like to travel the local way (on foot or subway).Rooms are not big, but adequate, with modern bathroom amenities (good and strong hot showers!). Room rates include free use of internet and breakfast (Chinese or western style, pick whatever you want).You cannot reach this place by taxi, so be ready to have a little hassle when you arrive and depart. The tricycle rider is friendly and could get you to the main streets. I arrived in a chauffeured car and the driver had no clue where it was and luckily I did my research and found the property myself. Although I paid the rate for a 5-star hotel, I wouldn't have done it any other way.	
