Nov 18 2009 	OK hotel past it's prime	The hotel seems fairly old and could do with some renovation. The rooms are clean and reasonable size. Although a serviced apartment with a kitchen there was no crockery or pots and pans. Location is good - 10 mins walk from nearest subway station and 5 mins to central shopping area and 20mins to Forbidden City	
Sep 21 2009 	Loved it!!	We (3 friends) stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment and thought it was fantastic. The apartment was nicely furnished and very clean. The location was excellent, well situated to Wanfujing area, markets, and restaurants and easy taxi ride to all sights. The staff were great. The pool and restaurant were also excellent. I would easily stay here again and recommend it to friends.	
Aug 23 2009 	Happy Days- All Good	My wife and I spent 4 nights at Lee Gardens and had a fantastic time. The location was fantastic being very close to the main pedestrian areas downtown and also close to the subway. Th rooms were very tidy and fully self contained. Best of all the staff were brilliant. If we were to return to Beijing we will be staying at Lee Gardens.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Option in Beijing for Families and Excellent Value	Stayed at Lee Garden for a week in the summer. The location is right in the Wanfujing area which makes it very convenient to hit the key spots around the locale. Rooms were well portioned like a comfortable apartment and it's great to have a quasi-home to come back to with a separate living area, dining table, kitchen, washer/dryer, etc. all within the apartment after a long day.The staff was helpful, especially the guys manning the doorway to get cabs for you. There's a convenience store around the corner to stock up on drinks, food, snacks, etc. And the dining options are abundent in the whole Wangfujing area. You can walk to the Forbidden City's east gate entrance fairly easily.Fantastic value for a 2-bedroom unit especially when compared to getting 2 rooms in a regular hotel in the same area. Would definitely stay again. Would recommend shopping around various travel sites and contacting the hotel/apartment directly to get the best quotes. The quotes we got were significantly different between Expedia, ctrip, etc.	
Oct 8 2008 	A Good Property - Certainly Worth Considering	I stayed here during the Olympic/Paralympic periods and was quite pleased. It’s about a 4-star property, the staff are very nice and accommodating and the hotel’s location is fantastic.I stayed in the studio apartment and was comfortable enough (the beds are terribly firm, but this is quite common in China). The kitchen was tiny, but had everything I needed; the washer/dryer was puzzling at first, but easy to use after the first try; and the internet connection was fairly strong. I was staying for about five weeks and found the closet area a bit cramped and poorly designed (or perhaps the room was poorly arranged because one of the closet doors swung open into the couch). For the most part, it’s a clean hotel, but the carpet is my room was quite stained, so it gives the room a certain worn look.Some colleagues were staying at the same property as me and some of them had one, two and even three-bedroom apartments. These are much more spacious and well-kept it seems. If you are considering the studio, I recommend looking into the cost of the one-bedroom.The hotel gym is very good – lots of equipment to choose from. There are yoga/pilates classes and a pool, too.As mentioned, the location is excellent. Lee Gardens is just steps from the Wangfujing area – AMP Mall is a block away and Oriental Plaza is about a 7 minute walk. There are several high-end five-star properties in this area (Peninsula, Regent, Legendale), as well. It’s a pretty dynamic area of Beijing, there are plenty of places to eat and shop – I certainly recommend the fifth and sixth floors at AMP.Overall, Lee Gardens Service Apartment Beijing is a good choice for the business traveller or vacationer who is looking for a cheaper, yet more spacious alternative to the typical 4-star accommodation – without having to sacrifice location, amenities or comfort.	
May 17 2008 	Good but has some weaknesses.	This is not really a hotel but a &quot;serviced apartment.&quot; Some people stay for a short time but others live there for months or years. I staid here for one month. On the whole it was good but I am not sure if it is the best value that you can get.It is clean and its rooms are of course more typical of an apartment than a hotel. They are equipped with full kitchens and laundry machines. The bathrooms are large and elegant. The location is excellent. It is in Wangfujing, one of the major shopping areas of Beijing and close to shopping and the subway. I also liked their cafe in the basement which gives pretty good food for reasonable prices.The service while good, however, is not quite what it would be at a hotel with a smilar price. They clean your room twice a week instead of everyday if you sign a monthly lease. And it does not have some of the other minor perks that many hotels in China will give you (free bottled water, money changing etc).The apartment was generally in good condition but there were minor problems. My bathroom sink could never deliver hot water and did not drain properly. My washer/dryer machine needed to be replaced because its drying function did not work properly. Even the new machine could only handle small loads and took hours to finish them.If you are staying in Beijing for a while it is probably possible to get an equally nice apartment without twice weakly maid service for a much lower cost. If you are staying for a short time and don't need a larger apartment you might be better off staying at a similarly priced hotel like Holiday Inn Downtown Beijing.But still, I can't really complain too much about my stay here. It was convenient and satisfying if not spectacular.	
Jun 14 2007 	Serviced Apartment close to Beijing sites	I was a little apprehensive to stay here after i saw some of the past reviews about the place being dirty,etc. We traveled with our eight month old son and really needed to stay in a serviced apartment, for the kitchen and extra space. I have to say we had a wonderful time. I am so glad we stayed here. The reception staff were a bit cold and reserved, but the doorman was extra friendly and helpful. We stayed in an one bedroom apartment for five nights, which was really nice. I asked in advance from the reception staff for pots, pans,etc(since they don't seem to keep them standard in the apartment-you have to ask) and used them for my son's food and sterlizing bottles. Our bedroom was very comfy. The bathroom had a shower and soaking tub. The apartment was very clean. I was really worried about this, since my son is crawling, but the carpets were fine. We didn't have breakfast at the property, since we found it pretty expensive. Instead we went to Oriental Plaza (about 10 minute walk) to the grocery store at the bottom of the building and bought groceries. We found that buying groceries at a top of the line(expat) grocery store was cheaper than having breakfast at the hotel. There is a nice business centre on the bottom level. Our room came with a washing machine/dryer which was really helpful during our stay, even though you can get laundry done through the hotel directly. The hotel is close to many attractions. I highly recommend this hotel for business travelers and families. Word of warning, the city is under reconstrution due to the olympics. This wasn't a problem for us during our stay, but there is a construction site on one side of the building.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great value and location very pleased !	Stayed here for 5 nights in November in the one bedroom apartment. The apartment was very spacious, clean (maid service every day) and had good facilities (including internet, gym, pool and a restaurant). I had been unsure whether to try this place or the Tianlun Dynasty hotel which is a few minutes away. I am glad I chose the apartment as it was excellent value being £20 per night cheaper than the hotel for an apartment as opposed to just a room, and is in my opinion in a slightly better location.All staff were courteous and helpful. They assisted us each day with directions and writing down in Chinese the names of places we wanted to go to, so we could give the info to taxi drivers. The location for me was excellent. The shops of Wanfujing are minutes away and so is the Donganmen night food market. The restaurant within the apartment was good but there are also plenty of other good options nearby (esp recommend the food hall in the Oriental Plaza mall). If I go to Beijing again I will definitely stay here and would not hesitate to recommend this place.	
Jul 28 2006 	Great Location Friendly Staff	We stayed there for a week with another family. Because we have so many children among us, I find the idea of a service apartment an excellent alternative to a hotel, especially since we paid no more, if not less than another hotel inthe area.Location is excellent, it is 3 minutes away from a western-style shopping mall where you can get all kinds of food, some even delivered to the hotel 24/7. McDonalds is also located in the same mall so our children are just happy to have some familiar food for breakfast for the first day. As a result, we never tried breakfast in the hotel.The rooms are very big, even by North American standard. Our one-bedroom apartment is more than 1000 sq ft. My friend's 3-bedroom looks like a maze, with full size mud-room, walk-in closets and everything.Air conditioning is at the right temp. We were in Beijing in the last week of June and it was very hot outside and most malls and taxis do not have good air-conditioning. So it is always nice to walk into the hotel lobby and feel the cool air on you. Not cold, just refreshingly cool.Staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. There is always some one who can speak good English on the front desk. Cleaning and housekeeping staff are also friendly and they do a good job too, but they don't usually speak English. I had to talk to Front Desk to get things done and delivered.The kitchen does not contain anything, other than a coffee maker and some cups. But if you ask the Front Desk, they can bring you anything you need to make a meal.	
Jul 28 2006 	nice apartment at excellent location	We, a family of four with to children aged 9 and 10, stayed for a week at Lee Garden. Staff was friendly, especially the bell boy. They were practising there english and I attended an english lesson for the front deks staff. The lessons are a necessity because there english isn´t too good (on the other hand, neither is my chinese). The apartments are spacious and well equipped although there are no kitchen utensils. The gym was allright and there was a large swimming pool. The indeed asked us (as another travller wrote) to use swimming caps. We bought the cheap ones: 10 yuan. My girls liked the pool and it was something they looked forward to over the day when visting a temple or two.Breakfast is expensive and nothing special so you better make your own or go elsewhere. There´s enough in the neighbourhood. It´s on walking distance (15 minutes) of the forbidden city and literaly around the corner of the wangfuijing shopping street and nightmarket.An excellent place for families.	
Jul 5 2006	good location but dirty	First the good news: the location is great: center of the city, close to most tourist things. Very safe with things to do at all hours. Also the bathroom is very nice - clean, modern with a separate shower and bath. Better than I had expected.However, two negatives. 1) it's not clean. It looks clean, however, my two young children discovered tons of soot and dust on the carpet near the windows. It was disgusting. After just a few minutes of playing on the carpet, their hands and knees were covered with black dust. 2) the staff is stereotypically bad. When notified of the dirt, they just shrugged their shoulders and ignored my request to clean it.One more thing, the pool is very nice there, but they require everyone (including the men and children) to wear swim caps. If you buy them there they are 30 Yuan.	
Mar 18 2006	Perfect place to stay	After a crazy ride from the airport, where our driver could not find this place, we finally arrived to friendly night staff who got us settled in. In the morning we discovered how wonderfully located this place was. It is within walking distance of The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, interesting shopping and a night food stall market. The rooms were quite large with an adequately equiped kitchen. There is a great health club you can use, as well as yoga and other classes you can take. Look no further for accomodation unless you feel the need to spend lots of money for an overpriced fancy hotel.	
Feb 2 2006 	loved the hotel. and the location is the best!	very nice service apartment hotel. the rooms are big with kitchenette. very nice pool. the best location!	
