Nov 8 2009 	comfort and style a good place to recover from the bustle of Beijing	Beautifully designed, rooms finished to an exceptional standard with modern but tasteful furnishings and materials, all a reflection of the hotel designer's background. Nice touches such as a free mini bar and little gifts left behind by housekeeping only enhanced the experience. The staff in general were very helpful and attentive. The hotel is well located 10 minutes walk from a metro station and easily accessible from the airport. The area has a good choice of bars, restaurants and shops, but, with many embassies close-by, these tend to cater to European tastes. The hotel has 3 restaurants which are in a similar price range to the rooms but the food was good. Only complaint was noise til late from a nearby bar (not the club in the hotel basement though!) which might disturb if you get a room on the wrong side of the hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	Comfortable Large Hip Accommodations	We stayed at the Singapore Intercontinental, Hong Kong Intercontinental, the Hilton Beijing, the Opposite House in Beijing, and the Shangri-La in Bangkok during the past 24 days. Due to reviews here on TripAdvisor, we stayed at the Opposite House. We certainly were not disappointed. The 90 sq meter room was huge and nicely appointed and its clean. all wood design, not only smelled wonderful, but was comfortable to stay in and navigate. It felt more like home than a hotel room. There was plenty of storage and the all inclusive mini bar was a nice touch. Service levels were accommodating and the two on-site restaurants are very good. The area is located near all sorts of stores and near bars for those for whom night life is important. It is not walking distance to the center of town. However, it is no further from the airport than hotels in the center, like Regent or the Hilton. The only problem we found was that there is no sign for the hotel and taxi drivers couldn't find the hotel. I wish breakfast were included as coffee shops don't open until 10 for those who want to tour. However, a coffee maker is available in the room. It is closer to the pearl market than other hotels. They had wonderful amenities. They were unlike any I have used and when I asked to purchase them, they gave me a selection free of charge. As amenities they supplied bath salts, bubble bath, shower gel, soaps, moisturizers, shampoos, condiitoners, and a whole kit containing toothbrush, razor, creams, combs, cotton, etc. for two in a lovely case. The tub was huge and made of wood. The sink was double and the shower was large and a waterfall shower. there was a huge work area and a large table. Blinds were electrically controlled.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Room	This room was amazing. After a long day seeing the sites in Beijing it was a pleasure to come back here.	
Oct 9 2009 	OMIGOD!! Luxury at its BEST!! Customer Service out of this world!!	The grand experience started with a welcoming hello and a much needed bottle of water (after a 14 hr plane ride) from the ever smiling &amp; gracious, Guest Manager, Kelvin . After a quick check-in on the comfortable couches, I was showed to my Studio 45. A great retreat after long hours in the field. The bed and linens were plush like white clouds-best bed in China! The various treats in the mini bar satisiate your thirst and taste buds.The bath products are yummy and fill the room with a great aroma. Its hard to decide if you want a rain shower or a mineral salt bath in those incredible wooden tubs, then you come out to enjoy those plush slippers and bathrobes!The Opposite House meals were yummy and the presentations exceptional,not your typical hotel food, The entire staff goes out of their way to ensure your stay is the BEST! I can't wait to go back! This is a MUST if you are going to Beijing. Worth every penny, stay and dine! You won't regret it!	
Sep 28 2009 	Wish we could live at Opposite House	I'm not sure what I can say that has not already been said. This hotel is ultra cool, yet super comfortable. Our Studio 70 room was amazing and we didn't want to leave. At the Opposite House, the food is good, the location is great, and the attention to detail is fantastic. The staff bend over backwards to accommodate. And we were not easy at all! We showed up for the first time in China without having much of a plan. And the Opposite House staff made sure we had the best time during our stay at their hotel and beyond. They really took care of everything from recommending things to do in Beijing, to booking our onward plane tickets and suggesting an amazing hotel in Shanghai. They really went the extra mile.After reading the reviews for Opposite House on Tripadvisor, I stopped reading and did not even consider another hotel. And I would not consider staying anywhere else on a return trip to Beijing.	
Sep 23 2009 	It's cool but not very comfortable	I stayed there for 7 nights in September. It's definitely one of the coolest design I've ever seen as a hotel, but that's about it. Next time I'll return to a regular hotel chain.There're a few problems with this hotel. It is incredibly dark most of the day and it's maybe cool for one night but think about staying in a dark cave for 7 nights. It's very hard to see the buttons in the elevators, room numbers etc, you could bump into someone in the hallway. Secondly, if you have a room facing the bar street corner, the noise could last all night long. In the lobby there's no normal front desk, and the couches are very uncomfortable that there's no way to have any sort of relaxed conversation as you would have in a regular hotel lobby. The hotel is designed so that from any spot in the hotel (lobby, in front of your room) you can see the whole thing. There's no privacy. You can see the front door as well. Restaurants are super expensive, but the quality is just so so. If you have expect high quality Chinese food you need to go outside. The interior design is weird (open bathroom) and the material is cheap. The construction quality is very poor (the glass wall never stops cracking and there's always weird noises coming through the pipes).Very cool design, but not worth the money. It doesn't offer you any more than what a regular chain can offer. If you have never stayed there before and get excited by the reviews, try one night and then decide to stay or to move.	
Sep 9 2009 	Best hotel during a 5 week trip through China	What a great place! Brilliantly designed rooms with a lot of attention to detail (e.g. I-pod docking station, great toiletry kit, luxurious towels, wonderful illumination...), super-attentive and helpful staff (English language skills not always perfect, though) and two very good, authentic restaurants. We tried both the Mediterranean and the Asian restaurant and both were superb in terms of food and service level. We will recommend this hotel to all of our friends and will definitely stay there again next time we travel to Beijing.	
Sep 7 2009 	The absolute coolest hotel I have ever stayed at	All of the other reviews of this hotel say exactly what I would say. The hotel is beautiful, modern, funky and just plain cool. The rooms are spacious, incredibly comfortable and more hooked up technologically than any other hotel I have stayed at. We loved the electronic bed-side controlled blinds. As everyone else said, the bathrooms are wonderful, especially the tubs. The Toblerone etc. in the complimentary mini-bar was a great touch. This hotel is located in Sanlitun which is chock full of trendy restaurants and bars. However, it is not very close to the subway. If we had not been there in August, when Beijing in unbearably hot, we would have walked. Instead, we simply took the bus or a very cheap taxi. No big deal in my opinion.This hotel was so wonderful I just don't even know what to say in this review. The last thing I can think of is that Frank Fang, one of their employees, was outstanding. He helped us through check-in as normal but then WALKED us to a dinner place (Spice Spirit) personally. What other hotel has that kind of service?	
Aug 24 2009 	not your usual hotel	Just spent the weekend in beijing at the beautiful opppsite houseThe hotel's decor is very modern and zen at the same time, beautiful and quirky at the same time, more art gallery like vs hotel. Service at this hotel is very good, the staff is quite young but very friendly &amp; eager to please, the food (tried all three restaurants) was good and reasonably priced, I loved the spacious and very zen rooms, only regret was not finding the time to soak in the oakwood bathtubLocation wise it's right in the middle of sanlitun chaoyang district, packed with restaurants and bars + shops and a 10 min walk to the aussie embassy district where my friends wereNice touches here incl free mini bar, flexible check in outDefinitely worth coming back to	
Aug 16 2009 	Amazing.	The Opposite House is not only a cool hotel, with cool facilities and cool rooms. The location is very convenient; the staff, friendly; the service, impeccable; the rooms, cozy and well equipped; the pool, other-worldly; the restaurants and bars, hip; the food, delectable... and on top of all that, small touches, like not having a check-out time or not charging for minibar items, make staying at TOH an even more pleasant experience.	
Jul 25 2009 	Awesome Hotel in a cool location	Awesome location with lots of shopping and restaurants near by. Only about a 20 minute cab ride to most sights. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. The design of the hotel is very unique. Comfortable beds, and spacious rooms. Very cool bath tubs! The 2 restaurants in the hotel were delicious!	
Jul 20 2009 	In my world top 5	From being picked up in Maserati Quattroporte from the airport and delivered back in a Q7 this was a memorable stay Special mention to Kelvin who arranged sightseeing , dinner and clubs The rooms are fantastic , the atmosphere refined, we were only in Beijing for 15 hours but this hotel made sure we enjoyed every minute.Highly recommended	
Jul 17 2009 	In my top 5 hotels of the World	Just got back from china, staying only one night here, but could not have booked a better place to stay. Hotel picked us up from airport in a maserati quottroporte for transfer to hotel, very very cool ! arrived at hotel and greeted by young consierge, Kelvin who greeted us on first names and you instanly felt like you were staying with old friends. The entire staff appear to be carefully selected 20 something's with a passion for service. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable, an abundance of wood throughout the hotel, from main entrance doors, to floors and entire landing walls and room entrances a unique designer touch, which seemed appropriate as I was in china to buy wood flooring !Nothing was any trouble, had a tour of city again using the maseratti, they booked our restaurant ( Da Dong - top peking duck restaurant in china) and even phoned us there after our tour to make sure we had some addresses for reccomended bars and clubs for rest of evening. The hotel has a bar/club downstairs called Punk, which was stylish and a great place for a chilled drink. Even when we returned to hotel at 5.00 am the staff greeted us by our first names and were happy to chat and offer drinks.You are unlikely to find fault with this hotel and I would recommend it for, couples or business trips when you are happy to pay London price for a quality of hotel you can't get in London ! Mr &amp; Mrs smith have this listed and bookings through them get you free champagne and tapas on arrival.	
Jun 29 2009	I want to replicate the rooms....	Fantastic hotel. Stayed there for 3 nights and didn't want to leave. Beds were comfortable, wireless connection faultless and bathroom was to die for. Baths big enough for two (but they leaked.....). Located in the middle of Sanlitun, it's perfect for the night out, but not close to any of the subway stations. But since taxis are dirt cheap in Beijing, it's not that much of a con.....Probably the best hotel in Beijing (if you are looking for a modern touch). Otherwise, go for the Aman at Summer Palace if you are after the authentic Chinese experience.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wow	What a fabulous hotel. Arrived after a very trying trip from Shanghai to be greeted by the hotels Audi Q7. On arrival was upgraded to a 95sqm room that was nothing short of spectacular. Large, cleanlines and beautifully appointed. The staff were excellent with my only issue being that it is hard to know who is in charge ( not uncommon in Asia). the breakfast that was included was wonderfull. the location is good as the shopping village the hotel is located near keeps growing. There are bars and clubs close buy. Don't hesitate to book the complimentary Hutong Tour on Saturday morning. This was one of my best hotel experiences ever!	
May 25 2009 	The Inn place to be!	Initially I thought the very young staff here might be rather disorganized and inefficient, but I was quickly proved wrong. In every department they provided very friendly and efficient service in an informed and caring manner. Check-in was quick and welcoming and a 6pm check-out time was immediately offered without hesitation when I asked for a late check-out. Housekeeping, as with every other department was excellent – (e.g. ice delivered to the room within 2 minutes). Physically the place is exciting and different, think modern art gallery rather than hotel, but it works so well that it is hard to tear oneself away from all that it has to offer. The Mesh Bar provides well made cocktails and light snacks, there is an all day Village Café and two excellent restaurants – the very popular Mediterranean themed Sureno, and the sophisticated Bei which serves stunning North Asian dishes. Service in both was exemplary. There is also a small gym and stainless steel swimming pool.Our 70 sq metre room was light and bright and full of space – including plenty of storage (18 hangers!), adjustable lighting, free mini bar, good coffee and teas, fresh milk, excellent sound system, quality linens, good work desk with all possible connection leads and sockets. The wooden floor was a delight to walk on and the very spacious bathroom with its coffin like wooden box bath a delight to use as were the generous toiletries.Probably one of the more expensive hotels in Beijing, but the current 3 for 2 offer made it good value and I really enjoyed my time here.	
May 21 2009 	Rooms to Die For!	I spent four nights and was sad to leave. The room was the nicest I've ever stayed in. I loved the clean, natural, minimalist design. Incredible! From the motorized window blinds to the three lighting &quot;scenes&quot;, to the fold out charging station, rain shower and amazing Tibetan toiletries, I didn't want to leave. Everything was well thought out in the design and layout. The staff knew me by name and the Director of Guest Experiences, Enwei Lien, was professional and very helpful. Breakfast was awesome with a large cooked-to-order menu. The location was convenient to the shops at Sanlutin Village. It was such a great experience. I would go back in a heartbeat!	
May 3 2009 	Great hotel with helpful staff	We are coming to the end of an 18 day trip through Asia and this has been our favorite hotel. The staff is so friendly and helpful....always trying to please. The rooms are so cool. I have never written a review before but if coming to Beijing, I would HIGHLY recommend staying here. My photo is taken of the bathroom area - one of the two sinks, shower and tub. All wood and great design. Lobby does look like a modern art gallery. Mini bar is on the house and gets restocked daily with wonderful Belgium chocolate, Snickers, soda, beer, water, etc. Free wireless internet.	
Apr 17 2009 	The best hotel I've ever been	Let's be straight, rooms are not cheap but the first price brings you a 45 sqm studio with free minibar and free breakfast. Breakfast was ont of the best one I've ever had, they cook fresh pancakes just for you ! The two restaurants (italian and asian-fusion) were really delicious, Time Out Beijing awarded both of them 2 &quot;Best restaurant of the year'' distinction. Again, one of the best food I've ever had the chance to try.Service is nice and the building a piece of modern architecture. If you take a large studio, they send you a Mazerati to pick you up at the airport !Swimming pool is also design.Location in Sanlitun quarter is perfect.	
Apr 15 2009 	Spectacular Property	Just finished a four-night stay and came away thoroughly impressed. My studio 70 room was stunning and exceedingly comfortable, the neighborhood is great, and the service was fantastic. Without hesitation, this is the best premium hotel experience I've had in China.	
Apr 14 2009	A smooth cocoon...	Such a wonderful surprise when you arrive in the grey chinese capital to check in at The Opposite House...Perfectly located in the lively Chaoyang, directly on Sanlitun street to enjoy the vibrant nightlife of Beijing, this is a perfect smooth cocoon ultra trendy and with a great design.From outside, it looks like a museum of modern art, a beautiful architecture of green glass panels and nothing will disappoint you when you'll see the indoor design cause it's just unique... A very large wood and galss lobby with a incredible atrium where a perfect staff will welcome you with a great smile before to escort you directly to your studio... Here, there is not front desk, just a lot of staff dressed with a almond and black uniform and that's a good thing cause it means you're a very new style hotel, the best residence in town, the place to be...No disappointement about the accomodation. Extra large, perfectly designed with a beautiful wood, glasses everywhere and a soft scheme of grey, black, white and creme colours. At the Opposite House, the japanese designer has privileged the transparence and the comfort and you'll feel like in cotton it will be hard to leave. This is undoubtly the most exquisite design i've seen and it's very nice to discover such a wonderful place...Moreover, The Opposite House has plenty of arguments to refrain you to go out... The best pool i've seen with a magical lighting, a couple of restaurants (Bei and Sureno) both with a delicious cuisine, a very friendly service and a fantastic atmosphere, a bar always full of beautiful people and even a club nammed Punk which is simply the trendiest in town (however, no noise in the room, don't worry...)...After all these very good comments, i have to explain why i don't give five points... Just cause of the breakfast very limited... I understand this beautiful hotel can't offer the kind of buffet you could see in an hotel like Peninsula or Mandarin Oriental but at least, enough food for the guests (we have been obliged to wait more than 20 minutes before to find a peace of ham or some salad...), a quality a bit better and please, smily waiters will be better than a group of guys and girls who seem to be bored... Very surprising from this hotel where everybody is so professionnal and nice.But, i'm sure the management will know how to improve the breakfast because The Opposite House is a jewel and will always be my residence when i'll travel to Beijing.	
Apr 14 2009 	The best hotel to stay in Beijing	During my recent trip to Beijing I was recommended to stay at The Opposite House. Being familiar with so many of the five star hotels in the city, I was truly impressed with the service and the overall quality of The Opposite House. The staff members deliver truly excellent and personalized service. The hotel rooms are probably the largest in Beijing. The hotel has been so well and uniquely desigend that one does not want to go back to any other of the traditional five star hotels in the city. The rooms are very bright and designed in a very ultra chic yet subtle way. The in house restaurant facilities can easily compete with the best world class restaurants in London or New York. Everyone's favorite is SURENO which serves modern mediterranian food. However BEI is probably one the coolest and most refined Japanese restaurants in Asia. The pool and the gym are very comfortably designed, a real oasis of relaxation. Even though the hotel is so ueber-designed, the hotel feels very relaxed like a private residence and the service provided by the guest experience team (that is how they call the whole front of the house team) feels like one is surrounded by private butlers. With so many tacky, large hotels in Beijing, The Opposite House is a true gem. The location is very convenient in the embassy area right in the midst of the Sanlitun Village shopping area. I would not stay anywhere else again.Thank you very much for a fantatis stay!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Nothing Else Like It	The Opposite House's breathtaking, cutting-edge design by architect Kengo Kuma should not be missed on any trip to China's capital. Even if you for some reason can't stay at this hotel, you must grab a bite at one of its excellent restaurants or bars to catch a glimpse of one of Beijing's most beautiful interiors.The rooms are perfect in every way. The wall-to-wall windows, unvarnished wood floors, white walls and huge, glass and wood baths bring minimal design to accessible perfection. The pristine high design is never cold; in fact, everything about the Opposite House is at once sublimely comfortable and inviting. The Opposite House does so many things differently from other 5-star hotels and contemporary boutique hotels, but the impeccable staff and attention to detail ensures the experience is always user-friendly. There really is no place else like this in Beijing, and the experience of staying here is well worth the price.	
Mar 18 2009 	great hotel great staff great style great food great rooms	The Opposite House is a 98 room boutique hotel located in the trendy San Li Tun district on Bar Street and part of the high end Villaqe Shopping Mall . Rooms are large and done in a very stylish minimalist decor with very comfortable beds . There are two excellent restaurants , a club and bar . The hotel feel is modern and the staff from top to bottom are young , friendly and attentive although informal.My wife and I ate at the Asian Bei and Mediterranean Serrano restaurants both were really first class.The hotel is expensive but we really enjoyed our stay .	
Mar 14 2009 	the BIG small.	if beijing is a city that boasts bigness you'd be surprised how this small boutique hotel does just that. at least that was our first impression when pulling open its heavy wooden doors and entering its soaring lobby area. this hotel is all about newness and super-bling interiors but surprisingly with a super-friendly, warm, and well-trained staff to match. we got two nights at one of the standard-sized rooms with a unique open and spacious layout likened to an urban studio apartment. it had tres-chic japanese-modern surfaces, but i especially liked the handy ipod speaker system, theatrical lighting scenes, and most importantly an incredibly comfortable bed. location is central to the more &quot;western&quot; area of the city with plenty of shopping, but it seemed that the hotel's bars and restaurants were also destinations themselves. brunch at the hotel's Cafe had a sorta California-freshness quality that kept it unusual to the typical American-style brunch. big service equals a big pricetag, but our stay was definitely one of those one-of-a-kind experiences.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent design great concept almost too comfortable.	I only spent one night here as a friend won a night's stay in a charity raffle and invited me along. Due to that, I can't really comment on value for money (I picked &quot;3&quot; almost at random) as I wouldn't pay the 2100y current special rate (I asked the hotel directly) to stay there, or anywhere for that matter. Also, getting my biases out of the way, I don't like the location as Sanlitun annoys me, and I wasn't in Beijing on business.The hotel is very well built and they have some novel concepts such as the &quot;we come to you&quot; checkin/out procecure whereby you lounge around reception while a member of staff comes over to you with wireless gadgets.The room is stunning. The bed and pillows so comfortable I wanted to waste an entire day of my trip just lazing around in my room. There's not too much in the minibar but it's all complimentary. Simple touches such as the coffee in your room being freshly ground for use in the provided cafetiere (french press), some tasty snacks, and a very good sound system, mean you can treat your room as a mini resort holiday. The wooden bathtub was fantastic, as was the entire bathroom space. We spent most of the evening, after dinner elsewhere, in the Punk bar. Drinks weren't expensive for sanlutun, and the music was fantastic - a great DJ. We got breakfast included and due to the low number of guests (China's low season, expensive hotel, financial crisis etc) it was all ordered from the menu, rather than from a buffet. It was American-themed so if you like the idea of a posh egg McMuffin, and cereals, and a stack of pancakes for breakfast (yumm!) then you'll be fine. I reckon they'd make up anything you want, actually, and you can order and eat until you explode.	
Mar 6 2009 	Hottest Upscale Hotel in Bj	Opposite House has to be &quot;the&quot; new hotel in BJ. It's been open a while but this place has got so much personality and style it is a breath of fresh air amongst other highend hotels in the old capital of the Eastern of Empire, a place full of stuffy, guilded, poorly designed and badly located hotels. Opposite House is better.In my several trips to BJ I haven't had a lifestyle experience quite like this one. Modern, clean lined hotel, bright and colorful which is hard to achieve in BJ winters.The place is all about the individual. They arranged for a hotel car, a tour of old neighborhoods that was led by the managing director of the cultural non-profit, who had previously worked on cultural preservation for National Georgraphic--not just some 50 cent bicycle tour (which can be fun too), and there was no check out time...I checked out at 4pm with no complaint from the hotel.Breakfast was amazing, lots of choices. The bar tender in the upstair lounge made the best bourbon Old Fashion I've had in 3 years...perhaps if I subtract out sentimental factors...ever. Good drinks and the bamboo at breakfast had me feeling I was in a designer oasis.The bed was nice and soft and while I had planned to have such a busy iternary in BJ, I slowed down to enjoy life a little, inspired by the hotel.The place had great art installations as well, so if you can't afford to stay there, at least stop by for a drink or two. I appreciated that I didn't see one panda, water color, or rising dragon sculpture. Instead, you'll find a delicious monumental wall of drawers (stunning) and other modern yet relevant art. (swank bar on first floor and one downstairs with a beat).The management staff are great too, two statuesque managers were on site all the time. It was a worry free, delightful experience. Thank OH, you deserve the review.(Sean H, www.organic-china.org)	
Nov 20 2008 	Great experience	We really enjoyed our stay at the Opposite house, a truly amazing experience. The place doesn't really feel like a (conventional) hotel, but more like a modern metropolitan loft. Also, the mediterrean restaurant Sureno was excellent, lovely food and perfect service (with a very charming manager). In short, the best hotel in Asia we ever visited!	
Nov 7 2008 	Truly unique with stunning decor 	My husband &amp; I stayed here for 2 nights in October. It has been a long time since we've both been so excited about a hotel - the service &amp; design were equally fabulous, &amp; the location is great if you want to be in Chaoyang (near most of the popular bars &amp; restaurants, easier access to the airport). I would wholeheartedy recommend this to anyone looking for a refreshing change from boring corporate &amp; overrated design hotels.We stayed in a Studio 70 room on the 6th floor, facing Sanlitun. It was stunning, with floor-to-ceiling windows on 2 of the 4 (long) walls, letting in a gorgeous amount of sunlight &amp; views over the street while being opaque to people outside, due to the clever design on the windows (the windows look green from the outside). When you want to sleep, you push a button for the automated blinds, which completely shut out the light (there are also sheer curtains). The room was huge, with a large bed space with flat screen TV, sofa/desk area, &amp; gorgeous bathroom. The floor &amp; bathroom are finished in long, natural wooden planks, in an onsen sort of style. The huge, wooden soaking bathtub was reminiscent of an onsen (the architect is Japanese) - sheer luxury! - &amp; there was a separate large wooden shower cabin with rainshower &amp; a separate WC. The amenities were a very nice local brand of natural skincare products. The towels were plentiful &amp; extremely fluffy.The first round of drinks &amp; snacks in the minibar are complimentary each day - an extremely nice touch. The hotel sent us a half-bottle of champagne when we checked in; this may have been because we were on a package, though it wasn't included. The staff were smart, extremely polite &amp; eager to help. When I picked up a copy of the FT in the lobby upon checking in, a staff member told me it was yesterday's copy but that the new issue would be arriving shortly &amp; they would bring it to the room; less than an hour later, someone appeared at the door with that day's FT.The lobby is spectacular - a soaring space with long natural wooden plank flooring, floor-to-ceiling windows &amp; interesting artwork by local artists. The huge wooden front door is also very dramatic. The check-in is done on a sofa with a wireless tablet - such a nice change of pace from a counter. We didn't eat at the hotel, but we went to the ground floor bar, which had some nice signature cocktails &amp; a good vibe. The basement club also looked promising.If you can, arrange for an airport transfer in the hotel's Maserati Quattroporte. It's a sheer delight to be driven down the highway in this beautiful vehicle. The location is great if you want to be in Chaoyang, though the traffic on Sanlitun St. itself can be tedious. On a Sunday it took us only 30 minutes to get to the airport.In summary, I cannot think of a single thing that marred our experience. If you can book this hotel in a package, all the better (ours included an upgrade to the Studio 70 room as well as the airport transfer), but this is one of the few hotels that I have found to be worth the price tag.	
Oct 18 2008 	The Most Perfect Hotel	I had the real pleasure of staying in The Opposite House for 2 nights in a Studio 70 room this September. Every single aspect of this hotel is what I would consider perfection - the staff are friendly and efficient, the location is great, the lobby is fantastic (the check-in process was refreshingly casual). However, it was the bedroom itself that really set this hotel apart from any other I've stayed in. I could not fault one detail - everything was of the very highest quality and designed perfectly. The bed was without doubt the best I've slept in. If anything, the room was just too good as I found it hard to tear myself away to see the sights of Beijing. The Opposite House has really hit the right note in terms of creating a cool and sophisticated atmosphere for guests - however, at no point did the experience become pretentious or stuffy as so many design hotels can do. Little touches by staff (handwritten notes and gifts left in the room each day for example) constantly provided a fun and personal twist to the overall service. True, the rates are incredibly high for Beijing - but what you get, or at least what I experienced, was absolutely worth it. This hotel would leave most London / NY / LA hip hotels in the shade. If you can, stay here......	
Nov 4 2009 	Perfektes Hotel in bester Lage		
Jul 6 2009 	????????		
