Jun 23 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here during a three day tour of Beijing while I was in China. Overall, it was a good experience. Rooms were very well appointed. Everything had a very modern feel. Surfaces were marble or granite, and the furniture was rich wood. As others have mentioned, the mattress was typical for that region of the world. Beds are extremely firm and require some getting used to. This hotel was no exception. The bathroom offered every necessary toiletrie, from toothpaste to q-tip.Although we didn't spend much time in the hotel, the common facilities were nice. There were a full host of business services, at least one shop for souveniers and miscellanous goods. There was also one cafe, and at least two additional restaurants. One offered a free breakfast buffett, which was both Eastern and Western style. We ate in both restaurants and food quality was on par with restaurants in the surrounding area.The surrounding area is pretty docile. There isn't much in the immediate vicinity. We were there over the Chinese New Year and most places were closed for the holiday. The Pearl Outlet was nearby but was also closed. They did have several statues and stone carvings celebrating the upcoming Olympic games which were neat to see.Overall, this is a great place to stay if you are conducting business in the local area, or are participating in a fully guided tour of the area. Certainly 4-star quality.	
Aug 4 2007 	Suitable hotel	I did a three day tour through Beijing when I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel. The hotel is pretty nice and the breakfast buffet was very good as well. The hotel is in a weird area though. Its not dangerous, but it is definitely not much of a neighborhood. If you want to go out for dinner you need to take a cab, there is nothing in walking distance. The hotel staff does not speak English that well. When staying there request an upper floor room. I stayed on floor 5 and I could hear noise from the kaoroke bar on the 2nd floor all night. Additionally, I just found out that the hotel just charged my credit card for something I can't figure out. The web addresses for these hotels are impossible to track down. Does anyone know it?	
Jul 13 2007 	Good hotel near the Temple of Heaven	My family and I stayed at the Tiantan Hotel for 4 nights near the end of June as a part of a 10-day package tour of China. The hotel was part of the tour package for our stay in Beijing and we booked out three rooms. Overall, we liked the hotel, but we do have some nits to pick.The main &quot;nits&quot; that we had:1.) As a family, we wanted 3 rooms that would be near to each other. We were told that they could accomodate this request and we were given 3 rooms that appeared to be next to each other (i.e., sequential room numbers). When we got to our rooms, we realized that despite the sequential room numbers, one room was in actuality down the hall and around the corner (due to a quirk on how the rooms are layed out) and not really near the other two. When we called back downstairs to ask if we can have a closer room than that, we were then told that it was the only room available to us. Not the world's biggest deal, but somewhat annoying when the staff had earlier assured us that all 3 rooms would be next to each other. [Note: The staff's English is only so-so, but my family and I can speak Mandarin, so this was not an issue of being &quot;lost in translation.&quot;]2.) Complete and total lack of variety in their lobby background music. Strange nit you say? For 2 days straight, the lobby background music was the same instrumental version of &quot;Don't Cry for Me Argentina&quot; on INFINITE LOOP. No other song was played (not even another song from Evita). It's amazing how quickly a song can drill into your head when it's the ONLY SONG playing over and over and over... Part way through breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, I wanted to grab some bread to stuff into my ears just to block out the sound and keep my sanity.Beyond these nits, this is a perfectly nice hotel to stay at. The rooms are very clean and nice (though the beds are like most Chinese hotel beds... VERY firm). It was easy to set a wake-up call and our wake-up calls were always on time. As also stated by the previous reviewers, this hotel is near the Temple of Heaven (for which the hotel is named for) and the Pearl Market (great shopping if you love to haggle). It is also right across the street from the Red Theater (the home of the &quot;Beijing Kung Fu Show,&quot; a popular stop for Western tour companies). I can't speak to the nearness of other tourist attractions as our tour bus would pick us up and drive us to the various places and I did not really pay attention to time or distance.The breakfast buffet is not too bad. It has good variety and has probably a 60/40 mix of Western/Chinese food items. In my opinion, the Chinese food items are definitely better than the Western ones. There is also an omelet bar where the chef will either fry eggs or omelets for you.We also had a late dinner in the Rainbow Restaurant one night. We kept the meal simple to noodles, fried rice, and dumplings and the food was very good... especially the dumplings.	
Mar 25 2007 	Decent business hotel but far away from main sites	This is a typical Chinese business hotel, rooms are decent size and comfortable but nothing luxurious. Remember that all mattresses in Chinese hotels have the firmness of a box spring (foreign hotel mattresses are only marginally better). Good for your back I guess but takes some using to!As another reviewer mentioned, the hotel is convenient for the Pearl Market (10mns walk). Don't forget to bargain hard, 1st counter offer should not be more than 10% of asking price. Don't settle for more than 20% of asking price, if not move on to another vendor. Best deal is on fresh water pearls on the 3rd floor. Hotel is also convenient for the Temple of Heaven (20mn walk) but very far from anything else. You will need a 15 mn ride by cab to any other sites which can stretch to 30mns when there is traffic. Breakfast buffet is so so. American items are a pale comparison to the originals and Chinese items are scarce. Long lines to toast your bread yourself and chronic shortage of butter. If breakfast is not included in your package, go outside the hotel and look for the many eateries (near the Pearl Market) where you can have a great chinese breakfast for a couple of dollars only.This hotel is good for those who are on a tight budget and whose main goal is discount shopping at the Pearl Market, otherwise look for something more central.	
Mar 12 2006	very nice hotel	We stayed at the Tiantan Hotel in Beijing from March 5-9, 2006. This is a very nice, clean hotel with excellent service. Although most of the staff speak very little English they do their best to accommodate. The rooms are very nicely decorated and each room had slippers and plush terry robes for our use. Other than the nicely appointed rooms probably the best feature of this hotel is it's convenient location to the Temple of Heaven, Tian An Men Square and the Forbidden City. It is also within a ten minute walk to the Pearl Market (awesome shopping!!). We ate at one of the two restuarants (Rainbow Cafe) and the food was awesome. They had a full American/Chinese breakfust buffet each morning that more than filled us for the day. You also have a full service spa/salon on the second floor. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
