	Excellent - would stay here again	Aside from location, this hotel is superb. I was very impressed with the receptionist, Mr Tim Tian, at check-in. We checked in at an unconventional time in the morning and most hotels would not be able to accommodate us at that hour. Mr Tian must have seen how tired we were and let us check in earlier then usual. The room is spacious/clean and bed was very comfortable. The dessert I had from room service was lacking - guess I shouldn't have such high expectations. Buffet breakfast was great - excellent selection and strong coffee.Would be better value for money if internet was wireless and free. They currently charge RMB 120 for 24 hours. The hotel is very much out of the way, but Parkson is opening next door and I'm sure the area will be much more happening soon.Would have given a 5-star rating for service, but their concierge needs improvement. The storage is so far away, it takes them forever to retrieve stored luggage. I guess for the same reason, bus boys are often walking to or in the storage area and is absent from the concierge counter.	
Sep 6 2009 	Almost Perfect	The hotel is relatively new, room is spacious, staff very obliging. Buffet was great with a lot of choices. The only thing did not earn this hotel full marks is its location, almost in the middle of building sites, near the major ring road. quite isolated for us who like to wonder around the hotel to soak in the local admosphere and use the public transport. The underground is quite hidden near the hotel. It took a bit of searching to find the entry. However, if you like taxi here and there, then the location is going to be fine.	
Aug 30 2009	One of the best hotels I have stayed in.	This is definitely a great hotel. It is very luxurious, and the staff are there to cater for any whim at the drop of a hat. The rooms are large, the beds very comfortable, and the bathroom was really good too with plenty of room, complimentary bathrobes and slippers etc.The reason this hotel was so good in my view was the food. Fabulous buffet breakfast with everything and anything you could possible want. The restaurant in the evenings was also buffet, but very cleverly had 7 or 8 sections with food from different parts of the world, Italian, Indian, etc. so every palate was catered for, if for example you are not a lover of Chinese food. Overall, the hotel is excellent. The location was OK, but as we were on a guided trip the location was not an issue, as we were picked up and dropped off every day.	
Jul 15 2009 	Amazing!	Amazing hotel, was very impressed by the rooms. The bed was very comfortable and was just as comfortable as my own bed back home. Had a wonderful night's rest here. The buffet breakfast is out of this world too, good selection of both western and chinese cuisines.Front reception staff and concierge and bell boys spoke english.Would definately stay again, but the hotel location is a little bit out of the way and not too much to see and do within walking distance of the hotel.However, this hotel is excellent and would recommend it!!	
May 14 2009 	New elegant place	Very nice hotel. Its new and fresh. Rooms are pretty big and have a trendy design. I really liked the bathrooms which had separate shower and tub. All in natural stone and glass. And a cool window above the tub. The breakfast was really great during the weekdays, however not so well maintaned on the weekend. Seems like they stopped refilling cheese, juices, fruits even if it was still more than one hour before closing the breakfast. This is not a downtown hotel but location is Ok, not so bad as some reviewers have written, even though there is contruction going on everywhere around the hotel. But this is typical for Beijing. There are some restaurants within 10 minutes walking distance (one of these is a really good local restaurant serving the typical Peking Duck). The hotel concierge service is GREAT. Very helpful with everything. The front desk staff was also very service minded and flexible. The hotel has a nice spa with swimming pool and saunas. Finally, as other reviewers have stated - most taxi drivers have a hard time finding the hotel. Make sure you have a note with hotel phone number, name and address in chinese letters to show the driver.	
May 11 2009 	Great stay	My family and I spent 8 days total at the Crowne Plaza Sun Palace Hotel in May, 2009 over two different periods. Our basic premise for choosing the hotel was 1)it allowed for more than 1 kid in the room; 2)it seemed like a new, clean and 4-5* hotel; and 3)great price/value for the hotel.We were not disappointed one bit - in fact we came to think of our hotel as our &quot;temporary home&quot; and were really able to relax and refresh from our long days out sightseeing.The best thing about the hotel was definitely the service. From top to bottom everybody was extremely nice and helpful and friendly. Our two kids (aged 3 and 1) were immediately given lots of attention. The staff from the front desk to the concierge to the bell staff to the hotel management called us by name the entire trip. The concierge really tried hard to help us out by getting train tickets ahead of our stay, which another hotel in another city refused to do for us.The rooms were brand new and comfortable. Nicely appointed and tastefully done. The hotel itself is still a bit of a work-in-process. There is an adjoining complex that houses ballrooms, event facilities, restaurants and a spa. Two of the restaurants (both Chinese) are open, while the Italian restaurant is yet to be opened.The knock we read about on the hotel is that it was out of the way. And yes it is and no it isn't. It's not close to the center of Beijing, and by the center I mean Forbidden City. The hotel is on the third ring, and you can tell that in another five years the landscape will look a lot different from where it is today. Lots of construction going on. Nevertheless, we trucked the family to the neighboring subway station (2-3 minute walk) and were in town rather quickly (i.e. one transfer). We were surprised by a few really good restaurants in the area that were within walking distance. It's not the kind of hotel where you're going to leave in the morning, come back for lunch and then leave again in the afternoon. Pretty much when we left, we were gone from morning until evening and we came back for the night.There is a pool, which was great for the kids. While the kiddie pool and hot tub looked to be undergoing some renovation we were able to sneak a corner of the lap pool for ourselves to swim with the young kids.We tried two of the restaurants and they were fairly expensive and on par with most western restaurants. What would have cost us $10 at a local restaurant would cost us $50 at the hotel. To be expected. The food was good. There is a good Sunday buffet with lots of Asian fare (Chinese, Japanese, Indian) and a chocolate fountain to boot. Evening live music in the lobby. Most everyone spoke English.Taxis were waiting to take us into town or where ever we wanted to go from the hotel. We had only one issue with a cab flat our refusing to take us to our hotel from a place near the Zoo. We attribute this mostly to the Golden Week mad house and not the actual location of the hotel. The hotel had a easy English and Chinese map with directions to give to any cab.All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel if there are people who are looking for a great hotel at a great value. I think once this hotel is 100% finished and operational, combined with the neighborhood being fully developed and you're probably looking at rates being twice as high at least.	
Apr 5 2009 	Superb Hotel .WOW !!!!	Stayed here for a week and can't say enough about it, The food here is the very best the buffet diiners and breakfasts are out of this world. Our room was huge and spotless , great beds to sleep on after a hard days sightseeing. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. We shall be back....	
Mar 7 2009 	Amazing Family Value for Northwest Beijing	We picked this hotel for its location, close to our son's boarding school and subway lines. We love China, but it sure was nice to be in this amazingly clean new hotel with its large beautiful clean pool and fitness center. Compared to other hotels in the area it is an amazing value, and it has the best pool we've experienced in China. Clean, comfortable rooms with comfortable beds. The high quality buffet breakfast has plenty of fresh fruits, omelets, pastries... It's a short walk to the #2 and #10 subway line so you can ride anywhere you need to go. We did have to pay extra for internet, and it was so new it wasn't on gps yet so hard to find. We are already booked to go back!	
Mar 2 2009 	Good short stay	Spend three nights at this hotel; from January 13-January 17, 2009. Upon arrival we were greeted by the bellhop, and the check in was a breeze. The room is nicely arranged with all the modern convience; the sitting stone stool in the shower is a big plus. My wife and I did utilize the gym and the indoor pool at the hotel; the free weights and treadmill keep us from gaining too much weight while indulging ourselves with good Chinese food. We had our breakfast every morning at the lobby restaurant; it is included with our room. The breakfast is good, you have your choice of American/Japanese/Chinese. However, I thought the dinner buffet was bit overpriced and the food wasn't that good. We never had the chance to dine at the other two restaurants at the establishment (Yunan cusine and Cantonese Seafood); perhaps next time around. There are plenty of restaurants near by the hotel, a short cab ride would get you there. The only negative part of this particular hotel is that it is brand new, and 3 out of 5 cab drivers required us to give them specific direction to get to the hotel. Overall, we liked this hotel: 1. the price $100 per night 2. the service 3. it is new.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great place but inconvenient location	Stayed there nearly 10 days while looking for an apartment. The price was very good and the hotel and rooms quite nice. Definitely 5-star decoration.However the location of the hotel is not convenient. It is close to nothing except some construction sites. You cannot go out in the evening for a walk, there is nothing to see, no restaurant, no shops, nothing. There is no taxi queue at the hotel so they have someone get you one from the street. The hotel is on a one-way street along the expressway. So when you get a taxi and wish to to to the city center or on Ring Road 3, the taxi is going in opposite direction and results in a detour of about 4km.On the other hand the subway (line10) is 10-15 walking distance and the best way to get around as if you take a taxi back to your hotel and even show the driver the hotel business card he will have no clue where this is. most of the time I had to help the driver with my limited mandarin.In any case, if you don't mind the location and are willing to take the subway, this ios great value.	
Nov 2 2008	Would Stay Again	We recently spent 2 nights here last week. We were pleasantly surprised with the size of the room and amenities. There is a very good breakfast buffet (by Chinese standards) that includes many pastries, an Indian section, Chinese section, Japanese section, juice, fruit, salads, hot foods with baked beans, broiled tomatoes, mushrooms, meats and to-order eggs. Also a waffle/pancake section. We never had as good a breakfast for the next 9 days. We stayed on the 12th floor. The glass shower door leaks out on the floor if it gets too much water on it. This was reported throughout our friends rooms. The views from our side of the hotel covered many of the national bird of china. The Crane. As in Construction.	
Oct 13 2008 	Yunnan comes to Beijing	A new (opened August 2008) hotel in Beijing's North East. Its got a Yunnan theme and a business/high end focus. At times there seems to be more staff waiting to serve than guests but this should hopefully improve as it becomes more widely known.Rooms are comfortable with a large bathroom. (Rainshower head and separate bath). Reported a couple of minor maintenance issues and they were fixed efficiently and graciously within 8 hours. Surrounded by construction activity, it looks a little isolated. (cannot hear construction tho, and wont last long given Beijings phenominal transformation rate).Easy to access from the third ring road if you're headed to the west but the one way road system makes it hard to reach if you are travelling the third ring road in an easterly direction. 5-10 minute walk to a subway station (Shaoyaoju). I got a electronic swipe card and travelled easily around the city. Subway has good graphics and English support for figuring out where to get on and off. Taxi rank that quickly gets you a cab if you want door to door service.Food and beverage on the dear side.Friendly staff with plenty of English speakers.(Didn't test other languages, sorry!)	
Oct 20 2009 	???????????		
Sep 25 2009 	??????		
May 11 2009 	Trés mal placé		
Feb 19 2009 	????????		
