Aug 4 2008 	Very good business hotel	Very good location on 3rd ring road. Near a nice mall with supermarket and Starbucks, and other food court type options. Room was very comfortable with all usual amenities/services of 4-5 star hotel. Must ask for nonsmoking hall since my second stay during trip was on smoking hall/room. The room was ok but walking down the hall with others who smoked and left the doors open was quite unpleasant.Restaurant was good for western and chinese foods. Breakfast was really good for all the options available.Lobby was attractive and staff was quite good. I found that the best service was from the asst mgr versus the young staff at front desk. They did all that is expected but English was only fair. Friendly to the max but communication is always a challenge.Cost was outstanding as booked by local customer, 580 rmb.	
May 8 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	Just got back from a 10 day stay in the Fujian Hotel in Beijing. Staff is excellent - front desk to housekeeping. I had a problem getting the WIFI to work and within 10 minutes they sent someone to my room to set it up. Free WIFI is the BEST!Room clean and pleasant,comfy bed, free fresh fruit provided every other day, mini bar with the usuals, free bottled water also provided- 2 in the am and another one at night. Full compliment of toiletries plus a razor, comb, sewing kit. TV with HBO and CNN for you non-Chinese speakers. Free Eng version of China Daily for the govt-issued news. Lots of sprucing up going on in April, I assume for the Olympic rush. Carpet in my room a bit worn, but I suspect it is on the renovation list. Small shop on ground floor for necessities. Breakfast buffet with all the Chinese and Western food you can want. I was charmed by the effort of everyone to greet me -an obvious westerner - in English, responding to my halting Ni hao with &quot;Good evening Madam&quot;.	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent hotel at this price	Fujian Hotel is one of the best hotel I stayed in China. I have stayed there several times each year for the last several year. The price is currently around RMB 580. The staff is excellent and willing to accomadate your need. The internet connection has been improved a lot and is very fast now. In comparison with other hotels at this price I stayed in Beijing and Shanghai, this is the best. The breakfast is mixed with Chinese and western styles and is very good. The location of this hotel is very convinient, next to the third highway circle, 20-30 min from airport and easy to go to anywhere in Beijing.	
Jun 30 2007 	a week in Fujian	Hotel is a nice hotel. Difficutly finding people that speak English, but they do a good effort and are very hospitable and polite. The room service food is not at all what you'd expect coming from europe. Had a plate of salmon, but it came delivered half frozen. The main drawback to the hotel is that the Beijing international fair is a 20-25 minute cab ride and that the toilet is in the middle of the bathroom. Aside from that, the hotel is a very pleasnt stay. Hope you're not to much into watching TV caue you only have CNN and HBO in english.	
Mar 21 2006 	About what you'd expect	This hotel was booked for me by a client and I had no idea what to expect. However, it is just fine.A Chinese friend describes it as 'a new hotel'. Guests are a mix of Chinese and westerners. I guess the standard is similar to what I'd expect from a 4 star hotel in, say, Paris or Edinburgh and better than some I've stayed in in those cities. Good sized rooms - about what you'd get in the US.So not the stellar experience you'd get at the Marriott in Shanghai, but perfectly fine - and cheap.The staff were friendly but the standard of English was rather patchy - that's to be expected in Beijing at this time, though. Frankly, having turned up in China knowing five words of Mandarin and seven Chinese characters I didn't expect to be understood first time. So, for instance, I had trouble explaining that I wanted to iron my shirts (not wash them). Once that was sorted, room service was pretty speedy.The beds are very hard, but not uncomfortable. Pillows are man-made and rather spongy.Internet is free - which is great.The TV only had CNN and HBO in English - I didn't notice any other languages other than 30 or so Chinese channels, a couple of which had English subtitles.Food was not great but not bad - my room service lamb curry was far from what I'd expect in the UK, with chunks of pineapple on top, but the meat was good quality. The portion size was Chinese, not American, but that's not a bad thing!One interesting point, the entrance to the hotel is at the back of the building. The entrance at the front leads to a bank who are obviously used to hapless westerners turning up looking for accommodation.	
