Nov 26 2009	great hotel hardware need improve service	Stay 3 nights here with tourist group, the hotel itself is great in all facility setting. For ppl love swimming, the pool is excellent Olympic size and water is great. Breakfast has lots of variety to choose from, Latte machine is very handy. Now the annoy side - all the dim-sum and bun are serving in COLD. Chef doing the Omlette has attitude issue and need improve greatly. Restaurant mgr eating in their mouth while serving the customer. The shower door in bathroom can't close tightly and water can't drain properly.	
Nov 17 2009 	Beatiful hotel but they need to work on the cleaning customer side	I recently stayed at this hotel, the location is great, the rooms are large and nicely decorated, great bedding, however we had to wait four hours before we got our room due to the lack of cleaning people after a large group left, we were told that they only had 15 cleaners and therefore we had to wait. After we got our room the bathtub nor the shower was cleaned, the next day our room wasnt cleaned, we called on the 3 day to get clean towels, most of the people we talked to did get the same treatment - no room cleaning - the front desk people told us all kind of excuses as why the rooms were not cleaned, shame, that Marriot reputation will be tarnished by lack of quality service but I guess once you are there is nothing you can do but put up with bad management	
Nov 10 2009 	After our Cruise package	City wall Marriott was part of a Princess cruise post package. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms quite large. The concierge service was very helpful with booking an extended stay package to the Terracotta warriors for us. They have a variety of excellent dining facilities that are very reasonable in price. The only downside is that the bathroom was about 4 out of 5 stars for cleanliness -- floor abit dirty around corners and there was some blood on outside of the bathtub. But most important they have staff that speak English, and if they don't understand the request find someone who does. Also staff will wait to make sure you have/understand your ? answered. We had a flight delay and stayed by the airport and the 2nd hotel really/really made me appreciate Marriott.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice One	I did not expect it to be that good :) The hotel was very clean. Rooms were neatly designed/furnished giving it a modern look. Food quality was great. Full marks for a 5* rating.	
Oct 27 2009	Gorgeous facility outstanding breakfast	Very beautiful shared facilities and rooms. Buffet breakfast was extraordinary. Only complaint is that Internet usage was expensive if you don't bring your own PC.	
Oct 23 2009 	a convention hotel in a bad location	This was my first trip to Beijing and I did some due diligence to make sure I am staying in a good place and in a good location. The Marriott City Wall was my fourth choice as my first choices, the Hilton, the Crown Plaza, and the Emperor were sold out Good things first: It is a nice hotel with nice rooms and a great Spa. It offers all the comforts for a business traveller. teh beds are awesome, the bathrooms too and it is brand new. But if you want to go out and explore this is not the hotel for you. The location is bad (City Wall says it all). On one side you can walk to the shady and hectic train stration area - I would not recommend going there. On the other side you will be blocked by a huge highway intersection area. It is far from all the major sights. I also found it quite expensive. A Club Sandwich was priced for arond 12 GBP. I can get that cheaper in a London hotel or in a NYC hotel. The Marriott City Wall is actually a convention hotel and is ideal for huge convention crowds. It felt to me that there were only a handful travellers in the hotel . The huge bar below was always empty. Next time, I will make sure I am staying in a better area where you just can go out and walk around	
Oct 15 2009	Great place to stay!	Husband and I landed in Beijing and the Marriott City Wall was our first hotel during our China stay. It was clean and modern. The room was spacious and had a nice televison with a decent amount of English speaking stations. The breakfast was one of the best that we had and included an omlet station and quite a few English and Chinese selections. The first night that we arrived, one of the chefs from the restaraunt brought out a new dish that he had prepared and offered it to our group to try. It was excellent even though I was surprised that our first night in China we were being offered &quot;pizza.&quot; He had done a fine job and even had fresh basil as one of the toppings. I was more than content with the wonderful bedding and pillows and wouldn't think twice about staying in this five star hotel again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Others should learn from the BEST	This was our last hotel on our trip to China and best. The service was slick the decor beautiful and the staff extremely friendly. The Spa area was to die for with everything you needed to pamper yourself. Once again Marriott does it. Others could learn a thing or two from those boys (Marriot Brothers!). Matti Dickinson, Perth Australia	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	This hotel is definitely one of the best hotels in Beijing. We stayed there for 5 nights. The service is excellent. The buffet breakfast is so far the best I ever had. there is a very nice swimming pool. We stayed at the top floor and facing north (you can see the whole city).The location is convenient. Subway is a couple of blocks away. The only thing that is not so good is the Beijing railroad station nearby. There are always a huge crowd around the railroad station. We were told to be careful around the area.Overall this is an excellent hotel. We lovel it!	
Sep 27 2009 	FANTASTIC	Hotel is located on southwest corner of Jianguomen South Avenue and Beijing Station East Rd. Two subway stations are close by and walking distance. You can take Line 2 to Jianguomen Station and take Exit C, walk south 1 block or you can take Line 1 to Beijing Railway Station and take Exit C, walk east 1 1/2 block. You need to walk about 10 minutes to restaurants, closes restaurant is west of Beijing Railway Station (about 3 blocks from hotel) Hotel is restaurants, whirlpool, sauna, room is very nice decorated to american standards, bed is excellent and soft. Internet is 120RMB for 24hours, so as long as you log off after use, time can be continued through duration of stay. We used only 12 hours for 7 days total. Ask the consierge for map of Beijing and study the metro/subway as this is the most efficient way of getting around. Cost for subway is 2 yuan for single journey (one direction).	
Sep 22 2009 	Best Marriott I have ever stayed in	This was the best Marriott I had ever stayed in. 1. Very large and very plush rooms2. Hotel public areas very modern and chic3. Superb swimming pool and surroundings4. Right next to Beijing railway station.5. Helpful staff.6. Great bar and restaurantsA couple of niggles will reduce the score from a perfect 10 to maybe 9. My coffee machine had some stale milk from earlier and some other abberation I cant remember.But brilliant nevertheless.	
Sep 4 2009 	This is the best hotel i have ever stayed in in my life	Everything about this hotel was fantastic. The staff , the hotel facilities, the food, the rooms, i could go on and on and on and they all get 5 stars from me. The breakfast was out of this world. I usually am not fond of breakfast in hotels because i never think it is worth it, but the breakfast here is unreal and well worth the money. I can't imagine ever been in hotel again that will top this place.	
Jul 28 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Some Flaws	I arranged for the hotel to pick me up at the airport. They used the VIP service and picked me up at the gate of the plane and took me through the VIP private exit where an old run down smelly car was waiting for me. The car was clearly a 3rd party contractor and was a bit of a let down after the gate pick up and escorted exit. The hotel was sort of isolated and in a business district away from everything. My room was beautiful and the hotel was amazingly decorated. It sort of made me think what Donald Trump would have decorated a hotel like. I ordered room service for dinner because there was no where to go nearby and I was exhausted. After about 20 minutes I received a call from room service stating they were out of my food. I was pretty ticked off since I was hungry and why did it take so darn long to tell me that. I ordered something else and it was just OK. I am sort of a slow eater and like to pick at my food for awhile so I usually keep the tray for several hours. I decided to take advantage of the whirlpool tub and while I was in the tub room service came back to retrieve their tray (without me asking). I had put the DND on the door so I was a bit surprised when they knocked and rang the bell repeatedly for several minutes saying &quot;room service, here for tray&quot;. I was horrified when after knocking and me not answering (I was in the tub!!) they decided to let themselves into my room. I had the bar done on my door so they couldn't get in. I yelled come back later at that point, and they did, 10 minutes later. I found that really annoying. I am Marriott Gold so I had access to the executive lounge and ate breakfast there in the morning. I am an early riser so I think I was the first person there and apparently the cook doesn't show up later. So, if you want eggs you have to have them ordered from the kitchen. I wanted eggs, so I waited for them to come from the kitchen. Oh well. I am not trying to complain too much about this hotel. As I said it was really nice and the room was comfortable. I travel all over China and have come to expect these same issues at other hotels (staff letting themselves into your room when you don't answer) and very slow check outs. If you have business in the area I would recommend this hotel. Otherwise, don't go out of your way to stay here. It is not a tourist hotel either.	
Jul 25 2009 	Best Marriott I've stayed in	I stay at about two dozen hotels every year, and this has to be one of the best hotels I've seen. I also stayed at 4 different hotels while in China (including a Sheraton). This was easily the best one. Very new hotel, very clean, and very well managed (a rarity in China). The staff at the hotel were also great (and they all spoke English relatively well, which was a blessing after my experiences at other hotels in China).The location is a bit awkward, but it's close to the main railway station, and taxis are easy enough to find. If taking the subway, either go to Beijing Railway Station (then walk east to the hotel) or Jiangomen Station (then walk south to the hotel).Be warned, most taxi drivers don't know where this hotel is (too new). You will have to direct them to the Beijing Railway Station (get a print out from Google maps in Chinese), and the hotel is about 500m east of there. Once at the hotel, ask the concierge desk for their directions card which will solve all your taxi problems. Also, showing the Marriott logo will get you closer to where you want to go than telling taxi drivers the hotel/street name.I stayed in the Executive Tower D, 17th floor. The room was very nice and large. Ample workspace, great bathroom (separate tub and shower, which was great, with a large glass window to the room that gives the bathroom an even lighter and larger feel), and of course, the great Marriott bed (best beds in the hotel industry for my money). Lots of English channels on the TV (CNN, BBC, CNBC, MTV, etc.).The concierge/executive lounge on the 16th floor is amazing; best I've seen at a Marriott. Full breakfast (with omelet station), and great appetizers every night (all free, of course). The hotel has a few great restaurants and each night one of their chefs mans the kitchen upstairs and has a sample of their food as part of the appetizers. The executive lounge staff were amazing; very polite and genuinely helpful. If you have the option of staying in the executive tower, definitely do it. The manager (who I think is from New Zealand) came by the lounge every morning and evening to check on things and did the &quot;meet and greet&quot; with the guests. Very nice touch. Thank you for the travel tips, Colin if you read this.The hotel also has an indoor pool and spa. The pool is decent size, and clean. There are hot tubs and saunas in the men and women's locker rooms (yes, the hot tubs are separate, which was a bummer). The locker rooms are very clean and have everything you might possibly need.The hotel is within walking distance of Silk Alley Market, which is a worthwhile experience even if you don't buy anything (20 minute walk, northeast, get directions from concierge desk).If going to the Great Wall, don't do the &quot;coach tour&quot; recommended by the concierge desk. It's a day full of being sold different stuff (jade, tea, herbs, etc.) at ridiculous prices. Either take a private tour, or take a hiking tour. Might cost you a bit more, but a much more pleasant experience.If I ever go back to Beijing, this will be my first hotel choice.	
Jul 6 2009 	Terrific stay - Superb Hotel	We have stayed at the Marriott City Wall, Beijing for one week in March 2009 and it was pure pleasure and delight. It was our 2nd time in Beijing and the first time in this hotel, as this was just build in Aug 2008. We upgraded to the next higher category and had access to the executive floor and lounge and therefore, breakfast, dinner drinks and snacks available. The appetizers/snacks were different every night and offered a fantastics variety of japanes/chinese and European cuisine - delicious. Everyone in the hotel was very friendly and helpful, the room was lovely and quite huge and offerend all amenities you might need. The lobby bar and restaurant offered terrific snacks and drinks and the Italian restaurant was also good if you longed for a change. We would always come back to this place without any doubt!	
Jul 3 2009	Great First Hotel when arriving in China!	After a long 12 hour flight from Washington-Dulles airport, we arrived in Beijing. Our first hotel with our Vantage Tour group was at the Beijing City Wall Marriott! What a hotel! My room reminded me of the Mandarin Oriental in Miami, Florida. Excellent service. Wanting to use my computer, I did not have the right adapter. Five times, a gentlemen came and helped me with my problem. The last time, it worked and he had the right adapter. I was impressed with his determination to &quot;get it right&quot;. The hotel breakfast - wow - something else! Western and Eastern food - this was the beginning of my gaining weight on this 21 day tour. We ate at the Chinese Restaurant, and yes, there were some language problems, but you could not discount the employees trying their best to &quot;get it right&quot;. The only negative thing that happened was when I was writing my signature on a travelers check - they would not cash it, because on my signature I went &quot;below the line&quot; and marked over the digits and the &quot;Bank of China&quot; would not accept it. So, be careful when you sign in front of them, and do NOT sign beyond the line area and cross the digits on the travelers checks.Hotel room was beautiful. I have read the other reviews on &quot;bad smells&quot;, but I never heard or experienced any of that. And we were there for 4 nights with a tour group. Because of the marble floors, the hole is needed to drain any excess water, but never did I smell anything bad. I was impressed with the hotel room, that I took several pictures of it.Walked 7 minutes to the subway. Concierge helped me on how to get there. Crossing the street - watch out! Follow the Chinese. It can be scary, but it is doable. Pedestrians here do not have the &quot;right of way&quot;. Took the subway and made my way to the NEST and the CUBE. The place has two subway stations, and the place is huge! I went to the Olympic store. No one there spoke English, but through hand signs, and gestures, I got what I wanted. People on the tour were jealous that I actually got official Olympic t-shirts and souvenirs, with the tags that say so. Also went to the Silk Market which was a short subway away. Loved it. Learned to love &quot;haggling&quot;. From the subway, you can go underground and enter the SIlk Market through the basement floor, rather than try to cross the street! Three times I was helped by the local people to get me through the subway. No Chinese or English was spoken. Just gestures. I have never felt so welcome by random people in one of the most populous cities I have even seen. I love China! Around the corner, and if you get up early enough, you will see the locals do their morning exercise. Across the street, you see students go through their morning exercise also, before school starts. It was interesting to watch.Hotel internet was pricey, but I used it anyways. For the first time American visitor to China, you will like this place. Beyond any normal American hotel. Just have an open mind, try and taste the local foods. The hotel atmosphere in the lobby seems cold and lonely, but you quickly get used to it. Only one time did I go down, and the bar was crowded. It must have been some local group or something.Go to THIS Marriott in Beijing. You will love it.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great hotel	Took the airport shuttle bus to the main railroad station; then about a 10 minute walk to the hotel. It's kinda weird how far the shuttle bus drops you off from the railroad station. the cost of the hotel shuttle bus is 15RMB. The hotel is pretty new; breakfast was included which was nice and ample. I stayed in tower D and the lounge on the 16th floor had three computers with free internet access. The room was large, as was the bathroom. 5 minute walk to the railroad station which also has a subway station. It took about 45 minutes on the subway to get to the Olympic park (3 transfers), and about 15 minutes to Tian'amen square/Forbidden city. I tried to take the train back to the airport, but the cab driver just dropped me off at the station from where the airport train departs, but could not find the actual train station, only the subway station (this is not the main railroad station). I ended up taking a cab to the airport which cost 90RMB. Would definitely stay here again, very nice and new, modern comfortable hotel with good service.	
Feb 7 2009 	A wonderful hotel!	My partner and I stayed there for three nights in December and enjoyed the hotel tremendously. Everything was perfect - customer service, room, breakfast, location. Wish we had been there for longer! We'll definitely stay there when we go again!	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic modern hotel with all facilities	Stayed for one night using Reward PointsUpgraded to an Executive room. Great room, with superb views over Beijing. Room very modern and all facilities you'd expect from Marriott	
Dec 28 2008 	expensive internet	1) Bad location except for the train station2) dirty carpet, look clean but when you take a closer look, the edges are yukkie3) expensive internet access US$ 20.00 per day4) terrible Chinese dumpling, taste like leftover5) Beds great6) bad view, male hospital across my room7) breakfast at 7 am to 8 am, always full with tourists8) long line on the egg counter for breakfast\9) better guest service	
Dec 10 2008 	Loved the Marriott!	We stayed at the Marriott City Wall in Beijing for three nights in December 08. This newly constructed hotel is gorgeous inside and out. Check in was smooth and we were given a room on a higher floor upon request. The rooms are spacious and quiet, given that it is alonside a busy street and within a five minute walk to the central train station. The breakfast buffet is excellent and there are many fresh choices, including Chinese, Japanese and Western breakfast choices. There are many juice and bakery choices too. The pool and spa were out of this world. The pool is an Olympic size heated pool that was clean and gorgeous. Now for the spa. I've been to several five star resort spas and this definitely takes the cake. I had a massage that included a bath. The masseuse was extremely professional and obviously very experienced. The bath was in a private room that included rose petals, candles and aromatherapy oils. So relaxing and reasonably priced. They were running a 20% off promotion while we were there, but they are pretty decent without the discount.Great hotel in a wonderful location. Highly recommended	
Nov 21 2008 	Beautiful!	Great Hotel--new -clean- first class! Close to the bejing Bus station and many busses run by. Taxi's are cheap. Not a busy area...good for business traveler. Wonderfully exclusive business center! Don't expect the staff to know much English....but they are helpful!CLEAN! Beautiful architecture and room design. If you are an Executive member---they cannot be any more doting!I would give this an A+Yes--consistently Marriott!	
Nov 11 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Amazing! The best service that I have ever had anywhere! This new beautiful hotel has incredible service and amenities! Absolutly flawless, usualy when I travel I prefer to spend as little time as possible in my hotel and enjoy the local surrondings, thats why I travel. I was blown away by the service in this hotel, five star service without a doubt. Go see for yourself you will be amazed! Bartender Tim and manager Susn Liu in the lobby bar will make you feel at home, truly amazing service! Thank-You Marriott City Wall!Sobe71Terrence Connolly Miami Beach FL.	
Oct 26 2008 	A New Star in Beijing	We booked at another Marriott in Beijing, and when we arrived it was not what we were looking for. The location was far out of the city and not in walking distance to any restaurants or sights, so we asked them to transfer us to Beijing City Wall. The other Marriott was not helpful at all, and upon arrival to our new local, we realized they had not even made the booking! The front desk was extremely helpful once we found someone who could speak english. They even upgraded us to a suite once they heard of our problems with the other hotel. We were travelling with our 2 children and they gave us 2 extra beds with no additional fees. The hotel rooms are spacious and beautifully appointed and the staff does everything they can to make your requests possible. The executive lounge was great with a good variety for breakfast and nice canapes which we thought were good enough for dinner!! A couple low points, but nothing serious....1. Restaurants were good, but not into food for children.2. Jacuzzi in women's locker room not working for the whole week.3. Long lines for taxis.High points...1. Excellent customer service! Treated our children excellently!!2. Everything brand new, high quality surroundings with the asian flair.3. Great location, near restaurants and not far from sights.4. Nice toiletries.5. Great executive lounge.Overall, we were very happy we stayed here!	
Oct 24 2008 	Bad Service problematic location and bad smell in rooms.	This hotel is very big with over 1000 rooms. At the same time it is understaffed so be preapred to wait a lot of time for any sort of service.We experienced numerous problems at the hotel:1. Check-in took 30 minutes as there are many guests and few staff. Check-in is Chaos as there are no queues and everyone seems to be standing around and jumping at the first available front desk person. No order with people pushing and shoving.2. Waited 2 minutes to get very basic info from the COncierge.3. Whe we needed a taxi we had to get one ourselves. There was no staff or bellboys to assist. I had to ask a passer -by to assist us to explain to the chinese taxi driver were we wanted to go since there was no hotel staff to assist.4. The hotel is at a terrible location and taxis find it difficult to find. One need to circumvent the are to reach the hotel due to its unique and bad location for transportation.5. The restaurant staff is completely indifferent. Even when the retaurant was not busy you would find 5 servers standing and talking with no interest to provide service to the guest. Talking with supervisors did little to help.6. Most hotel staff are young college students with poor english and virtually no hospitality and service training or experience and theis is why the service was bad.7. Various room problems: The water fluctuates between scolding hot to cold so taking a shower is &quot;dangerous&quot; and unpleasant. Terrible smell in the bathroom due to suage problems. The rooms have a hole in the floor where the suage passes so you get terrible smells. These issues are not room specific since we changes rooms and in different floors and the problems remained.8. The hotel made mistakes with the reservation. It took many repeated tries to get assistance to resolve the hotel's mistakes. We talked to fron desk, executive lounge reps, duty managers and others many times but the kept promising to solve the issue but refrained form doing so which made our experience tense and tiring.9.The hotel is like a chaotic factory, with too few staff which is extremely undertrained.10. Main restaurant the Marriott city wall bistro has very few options for western dishes and the dinner buffet is primarily chinese with precious few western dishes. Do not try to expect some flexibility in the restaurant as they will only say no -CANNOT.There are much better hotels in beijing for this price range with better service so I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great experience at Marriott City Wall	We just returned from a few weeks in China, and our first stop was Beijing where we stayed at the new Marriott City Wall. We found it to be very comfortable, and the staff more than attentive and helpful. Since it was only 8 weeks old when we arrived, obviously everything was beautifully done. Very well equipped room with every amenity. The staff couldn't have been more delightful. We worked with several different concierges, and they were all as efficient as possible. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast each morning, and the staff remembered us each morning. The guys out front of the hotel, helped with taxi's, etc. were terrific also. We found the location to be convenient as anywhere, although a taxi ride is necessary to get to all the main historical sights. We had a wonderful guide for two days, Johanna, and unfortunately, we do not have her email. If you need a guide, ask the concierge, they can help with setting that up. We highly recommend a guide, car and driver. It is a MUCH better way to see everything very efficiently. She took us to Mytianyu to hike the wall one day. The second day we went all over Beijing to the main sites, including lunch with a family in a hutong. All in all a terrific first visit to Beijing.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great room - excellent value for money!	Stayed for 3 nights at this hotel in October 08. I had just come from the JW Marriott at Shanghai. Paying half the rate, but getting a bigger room that was beautiful, well equipped and luxurious, it was excellent value for money. Sure, it may not be in the best of locations, but taxis are cheap in Beijing. The Executive lounge was also huge and well appointed. Overall, a very pleasant stay. I will be back!	
Oct 13 2008	Room for Improvement	I liked the location of this hotel (close to Beijing Railway station) and the room itself was lovely (comfortable bed, great shower), but there is certainly room for improvement.Upon check-in, there was some confusion about what kind of room I had originally booked, as well as the late check-out time I had arranged previously. In the end the problems was solved, but it took much longer than it should have. This hotel seemed to have attracted quite a few large tour groups, so there was always a huge crowd at the breakfast buffet early in the morning. The staff were often confused about where to seat the customers (e.g. seating a party at an &quot;available&quot; table, but the table was actually already occupied by people who had just gone to get food from the buffet). The selection and quality of the breakfast buffet itself was good though, and servers were courteous.Checking out also took a long time because of a mistake made with the breakfast billings. While waiting to have this sorted out, I saw an angry tour guide complaining to the front desk staff because they had failed to give morning calls to his tour group 2 days in a row.Overall my experience at this hotel was still pleasant, because I was satisfied with the room itself. However, there is definitely a lot of work to be done in terms of better organization, management and service to bring it up to par with other 5 star hotels.	
Oct 3 2008 	A Refuge	Just returned from a three night stay in Beijing and while my impression of Beijing was not favourable, my stay at the Marriott Beijing City Wall was a very good experience.The room was very nice and the staff was excellent. I had communications with all levels of staff and except for the maid, had no problems with English and it was always very polite, helpful and courteous. One early morning, I asked for a cab to take my wife and me to church (St. Joseph's Catholic Church), the bellhop hailed a cab and between him and the doorman, they made sure the cabbie knew where to take us. Another occasion of note: when we were leaving for the airport and our luggage was being loaded into the cab, the bellhop handed me a piece of paper with the taxi's plate number and a number to call in case we have problems, and told me to expect the price to be around 100RMB. On our evening returns to the hotel, the staff was always pleasant and greeted us with a smile.The location, while not very central was also far from the maddening crowd, just as far as the driveway! On the other side of the property is the remnants of the &quot;city wall&quot; and a park, and two subway stops are within walking distance.Starbucks is a 8 minute walk away and there is a Blenz in the Henderson Shopping Plaza (opens later in the morning), if you need your coffee fix.Beijing is not a pedestrian friendly city and subways can be crowded while taxis can get swallowed by the chaotic traffic, but both modes are very cheap.The hotel is a five star property but there is stiff competition out there, especially with the Olympics over. So check the rates.	
Sep 27 2008 	It's A Thumbs Up All The Way!	Since the Summer Olympics, I decided to visit Beijing and see for myself what it's really like. It was my first visit there so I didn't know what to expect. I chose this property because one of my friends is employed with the Marriott chain and could offer me her Family &amp; Friends discount for rooms. Unlike the other reviews posted, I can honestly say I was not disappointed at this property. Although, I did encounter some problems in the rooms and had to move three times, I was satisfied with the results because the management staff upgraded me to a suite due to the inconvenience. The breakfast buffet in the City Wall Bistro is somewhat on the pricey side (approximately $30.00 US) but there's enough to please anyone's palate. As they say, when you're in a foreign country, you need to be open-minded and experience the culture, as well as, the food. Don't be afraid to try Chinese dishes, as long as it doesn't crawl off your plate, then you should be fine. The Provincia restaurant offers a Tapas type menu so you're able to share your dish with someone. Just be sure to order enough dishes since they aren't full-fledged meals but smaller to feed two people.As for the staff &amp; service, I thought they lived up to the Marriott name &amp; beyond my expectations. If you're going to rate them based only on their language skills (as noted on the previous reviews), then you should be prepared and learn to speak their language beforehand. I'm sure that if you travel to different countries, you should expect English to be the second language and with some difficulties understanding.However, I had no language problem with neither the Concierge, Bell Desk nor Front Desk. As of a matter of fact, they clearly understood any questions I asked and carefully pointed out tourist sites on the map. You just need to speak to them slowly &amp; carefully so that they understand you completely. I should also note that I thought it was impressive to see the hotel GM greeting &amp; assisting guests in the lobby area. It is uncommon since they're normally at their desk or in meetings. I must've run in to him almost daily. If he treats his staff with respect &amp; kindness, it was surely a reflection of their guest service .	
Sep 22 2008 	New Hotel with Great Decor Staff still learning	This new hotel was beautifully decorated and in a convenient location, with easy access to central Beijing. The restaurants were good, but very few people were staying at the hotel meaning the restaurants and bars lacked atmosphere. The Executive lounge was spacious and the selection of food and drink very impressive considering the number of people using the lounge. All in all, a very nice experience. The only downside was the staff who are clearly still learning their jobs. Concierge service consisted of giving out maps and they were unable to provide any greater assistance in terms of advice or recommendations. And, checking out revealed miss-billings from restaurants which were not easily removed by the front-desk staff.	
Sep 21 2008 	Bright future for new Beijing hotel	Newest Marriott property to open in Beijing, and it is big (over 1,300 rooms). Although with separate towers and separate elevators it didn't seem that large. They are still working out some of the kinks and not everything is open yet (for example, shops still under development, one bar not open). Apparently they just did a soft opening a few days before the Beijing Olympics started. I stayed here the 3rd week in September.Good sized room and everything is clean and new. Combination bathtub and separate shower side by side with marble surround. Executive Lounge on 16th floor of one of the towers (there are two towers that have an executive club) is huge and stocked with drinks and goodies to eat and four PC workstations hooked up to internet with b&amp;w printers and HP scanners. This is clearly the largest executive lounge of any Marriott I have stayed in. I think it is about the size of my house in California!Cushy Marriott beds and flat panel TV's with CNN, Bloomberg, HBO, MSNBC and all the China TV stations. Individually controlled digital thermostat made for good a/c for hot summer months.Hotel boasts 5 different restaurants. Excellent buffet breakfast in Bistro with eggs made any style, fruit, fresh juice, pastries galore, salads, salmon, meats, and Asian dishes. Lunch and dinner ala carte menus in the Bistro are somewhat limited as to choices ( think they may eventually have buffet at lunch but did not during my stay). Chicken sandwich with avocado and peppers and cheese for lunch was very good. Java+ Cafe has pastries for breakfast and lots of hot and cold sandwichs and fruit drinks, milkshakes and coffee drinks for lunch. Open and bright with cafe tables and chairs. Provincia is supposed to be an Italian/Mediterranean restaurant but only had one pasta dish on the menu. Again, friendly wait staff but poor English skills, poor knowledge of dishes and disorganized service. The menu can best be described as a bunch of tapas type dishes with no real standouts and nothing I could really sink my teeth in to. Two Asian restaurants which I didn't have a chance to try are in the hotel - one Chinese and other Thai/Japanese/Indian food choices. Modern and trendy, open lobby bar and more intimate Ruby Bar (I peeked in but the Ruby Bar is not scheduled to open until late October).Staff's English skills are not the best as compared to other 4 and 5 star hotels in Beijing but you can make do. Lady at the Concierge desk was not very knowledgable (could not locate the Temple of Heaven on map); the bellmen seemed to be more knowlegable.Location - sort of halfway between Silk Market and Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square; ~30 minutes walk in opposite directions from hotel to each of those sights. Very close to subway line 1(Jianguomen station) which is a block and a half from this hotel. Nearby park with parts of old city walls still standing is nice with open space, grass area, flowers, with lots of benches. Other various high rise shopping malls are within walking, subway or taxi distance. If going to any sights along Jianguomen Road (Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, Silk Market, Wanfujian Shopping street, China World, etc.) I would recommend the subway (less expensive, quicker, no connections/transfers and when it rains, taxis are hard to find and want to charge you off the meter). Unless of course you have a lot to carry up and down the stairs of the subway stations.Since hotel is so new taxis may have trouble finding it. My taxi only read the &quot;Marriott&quot; part of the Chinese hotel card and took me to the JW Marriott instead. Bellman at JW talked to the taxi driver and explained to him how to take me to the right Marriott.Right now they have promotional rates so very good value; not sure what the regular rates will finally be. This could be a really fine 5 star property if the staff service, knowledge and communication skills improve and restaurant menus expand.	
Oct 4 2008	Un hotel muy chulo.		
