Nov 13 2009	Comfortable and peaceful place to say	We stayed here for 3 nights during our 5 day sight-seeing tour. From the time of our arrival to the point of departure we were served and treated with utmost courtesy and care. The facilities were just what you want after a long and hard day taking in the sights of Beijing. The breakfast, included with accommodation, was very good, full of choice and variety. The hotel is located away from the hustle and bustle of the city traffic. The hotel charges, as with most Beijing hotels these days, was a bit too outlandish. (Pity). Otherwise, this hotel is the one to stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	Cannot understand some of the other poor reviews, overall this is a great hotel.Did my research and chose this hotel from loads of others and glad I did. Got ripped off when leaving Beijing Airport from a useless taxi driver and charged £30, 3 x the normal amount. Dont use a black taxi use the ones with the price stated on the rear door , the taxi is 2 tone in colour and bottom half is red. Should cost no more than £15 and journey time 30 - 40 minutes.Make sure you have the address of this hotel in chinese script and not english as taxi drivers don't understand or call the hotel reception and get them to speak to the driver. Check in was very quick and easy with no hassle at 6:00 am. The whole hotel is set away from the main road so quite and peaceful. Rooms are first class, clean, tidy and large with very comfortable beds and pillows. Bathroom big enough and comes clean with useful extras like shampoo and toothbrush etc.Also the mini bar is not too expensive when compared to other hotels of this standard also in room tea and coffee making facility. Internet in the room is via a cable and free, YES FREE. Very modern layout and colour scheme in the rooms and throughout the hotel. They have an internet room and business centre next to reception with very good rates if you need a fax e mail etc.Good selection of food outlets and restaurants locally and also chance to buy small items coffee and milk etc. Also large retail outlet. Easy to get a bus taxi or mopped transport into city centre.Staff are very very helpful and they have good English. The biggest surprise was receiving a knock at the bedroom door at 09:00 am and I received a birthday cake to celebrate on behalf of the hotel team and management. I cannot tell you how impressed I was and so happy. Made my birthday very special indeed. THANK YOU MERCURE !!!!The hotel lies halfway between 2 metro stations and is an easy walk and safe at any time day or night. Takes about 5 - 10 minutes to walk and the once there journey time is 40 minutes downtown. Cost is only £1 return.The price was excellent and for this standard you cannot complain. You cant get a hostel in Europe for this price.The hotel restaurant is okay and have a mixed menu of meals. Tried the breakfast once and it was very disappointing cold coffee and food was so so and quite expensive.Overall, 10 out of 10 and the staff try very hard to make your stay a good one and if they dont have the answer theyll try thier best to get it.	
Aug 16 2009 	Second to none!!!!!	I did my homework on Tripadvisor and selected this hotel out of countless hotels in Beijing. I really hit the jackpot. The hotel is located away from the noise of Beijing streets and is a welcome place to call home after a day filled with seeing the sights. You can count on a peaceful night of rest in outstanding accommodations. The entire hotel is absolutely spotless. The gym is the envy of any gym in the USA. Great swimming pools for the kids, the most modern gym equipment and opened early in the morning until late in the evening. Also has a spa with very good rates for a massage after a tour of the Great Wall of China.The staff are helpful and make you fill right at home. They go out of their way to &quot;baby you&quot; and pamper you to ensure that your stay is first class. I have been traveling for thirty years and you can pay so much more for a hotel of this quality and still not receive the level of service. The manager, Ms. Mary Goh, is sincerely interested in the comfort of the guests so do not be surprised if you are approached by a friendly lady asking you what can be done to make your stay more enjoyable. My response was &quot;Everything is just perfect!&quot;The hotel is located about a five minute walk from the Line One on the subway. During rush hour you will get a train every ten seconds once one train leaves. During regular times every minute. You are exactly thirty minutes from The Forbidden City. The price of the subway fare is under 30 cents. More convenient than a taxi ride. The subway and trains are very clean. In fact, you will be hard pressed to even find a piece of trash on the streets in Beijing. This is the safest city I have ever been to in my life. So if you are a female traveler, you do not need to have any worries about being out late at night in the city. If you wish to take a cab remember that taxis are very inexpensive so you also have this option. I stayed at this hotel a total of eight nights. Believe me, there are so many wonderful sights and places to explore in Beijing. You really need a place to rest up after the long flight from Dallas and after each day in Beijing. The beds were comfortable with plush sheets. The rooms are large and the showers are fantastic. The value for the price is simply outstanding.	
Jul 3 2009 	Poor service and tired rooms	No attention to detail at this hotel. Spoke to Michael Lucas who I found pompous and condescending in his approach.I can only hope that this General Manager falls victim to the ever expanding recession. Maybe a back to basics realisation is what this Manager needs.	
May 20 2009 	Nice hotel but too far away from attractions for first-time tourists	Stayed at this hotel based on other reviews and the Top Value rating. We were very satisfied with the hotel and its staff, but any savings on the cost of the hotel were eaten up by the time and expense of traveling to the major attractions.	
Apr 30 2009	A Fantastic Place To Stay In Beijing	We spent 6 nights in Beijing as part of a tour and this hotel was fantastic. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and there were enough people who spoke English to make it easy to communicate. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet every morning along with the beautiful view overlooking the garden behind the hotel. Each night when we returned to the hotel, our room was clean and comfortable. My only complaint was that the bed was very hard but that was the case at every hotel we stayed at in China. I think that's the way they like their beds. There were also a couple of days when they forgot to leave our 2 complimentary bottles of water but that was quickly rectified after a call to the front desk. The exercise and pool areas are second to none. I especially enjoyed the giant hot (very warm) tub with its many stations to water massage different parts of the body. I took lots of pictures and I'll try to upload as many as possible. I enjoyed the free Internet access while I was there and the desk area in the room was laid out very nicely for my laptop.	
Dec 10 2008	New friends!	Coming to China for the second time, I was excited about meeting more friendly people and the Mercure did not disapoint. The entire staff, from busboy and maid to front desk and general manager exceeded service and friendliness. I have traveled the world over and stayed at all the major hotels, and never have I seen such integrity, honesty, genuine smiles and just plain nice folks.Michael, the General Manager treats each guest as important--stopping to say HI in the halls or at breakfast. Allen at the front desk was so helpful. He showed my 8 year old the fish in the lobby and let him feed them. Then Allen gave my son his very own Chinese name. From that point on, all the front desk staff called him by this name--which was so special for my son.Its one thing to travel to a foreign country, see some neat sites and eat some good food...its another to make friends and feel right at home.Will I come back to the Mercure? I'm already planning my next trip!	
Oct 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Our stay at the Mercure Wanshang hotel in Beijing was a great experience.Being of a more than reasonable price to start off, we were expecting our hotel in China to be ok with a bed and hot water (all we thought we needed); however we were surprised to find that our hotel was magnificent!!Every need was catered for; from a full business lounge where you are able to make photocopies to faxing etc; to a massive gymand heated pool; to beautiful bar and dinning areas; to stunning rooms. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, especially when explaining to a taxi driver where we wished to go.The General Manager makes his guests feel like a million dollars and is a fountain of information regarding the ins and outs of China.Thank you to all the staff for making our stay one never to be forgotten!!!	
Sep 25 2008 	Surprising Gem provides great value	I am writing this review on our 3rd day at the hotel - using the excellent (and free) internet connection.Before we reserved the room I did my usual search for reviews and found nothing useful. Unfortunately, the photos on the Hotel's website are generic ones from European locations that do not do justice to the beautifully finished interior.For us the location was the most important thing as we were visiting Family who live within walking distance. However, I believe that this location has advantages to any traveler. Located adjacent to &quot;ring five&quot; it is easily accessible from the airport without dealing with Beijing horrific traffic. If you are planning to travel around the city by car you will find the location very convenient. For people who want to visit the central area there is a subway station a few minutes walk away, which will take you to the Forbidden City area in about 20-30 minutes. The trains are clean and modern and arrive every minute during rush hour. One interesting surprise was the cost - 2 Yuan (down from 3 last year) for unlimited single trip. In USD it translates to less than 30 cents...As expected, the trains can be packed and seats are scarce but to people familiar with subways this is one of the best.One of the better things about the hotel is the price which is about a third of similar hotels in central Beijing. considering the free Internet and true four star quality this is a bargain package that cannot be beat.The Hotel has two restaurants - Western and Chinese - that seem very nice and we are planning on using in the near future. Surprisingly, the locals consider the Chinese restaurant one of (if not the) best in the area. We will be having a party for family and friends there.I expect to update this review later, but felt that I should post something now for the next person who looks for a review and cannot find one.	
Sep 22 2008 	Excellent Stay Friendly and Hospitable Staff	I had such a great stay at the Mercure Wanshang in Beijing. As an individual who has travelled to China before, it was by far the best hotel experience I've ever had. The staff was extremely hospitable and were eager to help with whatever problem I encountered. The manager, Michael, was visible at all times and made me feel very at home. You could tell he treated his staff with respect as they all were very happy to help us. Our rooms were cleaned every day, and the gym is world class!! I highly recommend staying at the Mercure when visiting Beijing!!	
Sep 20 2008 	Best hotel experience ever	My groups had the opportuntity to stay at the Wanshang Beijing for 22 nights during the Olympics of 2008. From the minute we checked in until the early morning hour we checked out, the entire hotel staff did everything they could to make our stay as comfortable as possible.I'd like to give a special thanks to Michael Lucas, the GM and to Alan, one of evening bell men. And also a thanks to the bar tenders for staying up with us until all hours of the night.I highly recommend this hotel and hope that if I make it back to Beijing one day, I am able to stay here again.	
Apr 26 2009	Super Hotel - Schlechte Lage		
Jul 22 2008 	Kein POOL schlechte Lage. Gute Zimmerausstattung		
