Nov 18 2009	Amazing location tons of amenities and beuatiful rooms	My first time to China and great hotels. I had a tour with Pacific Delight Tours and this was our first hotel. Even if I tried I couldn't say a bad thing about this place. Staff is amazingly friendly, lobby is awesome, restuarant is beautiful with many options. There is a spa, bowling alley, 3 bars, business center etc... My room was huge and I had a great view. Beautfully decorated and my bathroom was fantastic.Its only a short 4-5 block walk to Tiananmen Square &amp; Forbidden City and if you walk north its about the same distance to the evening food markets. Every meal offerred a huge selection with incredible quality and freshness. I loved the omelet stations !	
Oct 16 2009 	Nice hotal located close to Tiananmen Square.	We had good service. Something we did no know is they required us to deposit 500 Yuan at the time of check in. Either you pay cash or give them your credit card. We gave the cash which was refunded when we checked out. Be sure to keep your receipt.The room was large and very clean. However, the bed was hard.The buffet breakfast is excellent.This hotel is within walking distance to the Tiananmen Square. Because of the H1N1 scare, this hotel has a long range infra red light that reads your temperature as you wonder in the lobby.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location"	This is a very nice hotel. The location is fantastic. Walking distance to Tienneman Square, walking street just off the Square, Forbidden City and the famous Peking Duck restaurant. The rooms are very nice, with a nice large bathtub which came in very handy after climbing the Great Wall. The beds are incredibly uncomfortable. It is like sleeping directly on the box spring with a thin mattress pad on it. The food in the hotel is not very good and it is incredibly expensive. Skip the Italian Restaurant on the 20th floor. The food was terrible and way over priced. We didn't see many other food options close by other than the duck restaurant. The staff is very friendly, helpful and accommodating. For the most part, we had no trouble communicating as most of the staff spoke fair English.	
Aug 13 2009 	great location but food and drinks pricey.	We stayed at the Capital for 3 days at the start of our visit to China and first impressions were very positive. We arrived at the hotel at about 8am and whilst our room wasn't ready straight away it was only about a 30 minute wait. The staff generally were polite and whilst some had limited English we communicated without any major issues. The room was good with a large bed (a little hard but that sems to be the norm in China) and large flat screen tv with a good range of tv channels. Breakfast was adequate with a reasonable range of options. The location was excellent for Tiannamen square and the Forbidden City and there was a shopping area nearby also, although the area didn't have much character. On the downside prices of food and drink were high when comared to similar standard hotels I have stayed in across Asia- we were charged about £4.50 for a cup of coffee while we waited for our room and soft drinks were also pricey. No wonder the bar and restaurants were empty! Our biggest concern, however, was that on checking out we were presented with a charge for items that we had definately not consumed from the minibar. Another couple checking out at the same time had a similar problem with items they had paid cash for appearing as outstanding charges. To be fair when we dug our heels in and reinforced that we had not had anything from the minibar the front desk staff did accept this and the charges were waived- unless there is surprise waiting on my credit card bill! All in all a more than adequate hotel for a short stay.	
Aug 1 2009 	No problems with this hotel	We have just returned from our travels and spent 5 nights at the Capital. It is true what others say about the beds being hard and the restaurants being empty but neither bothered us. We had a lovely room in Club where the staff couldn't do enough for us. The food there was more than enough. The pool was great and usually empty too. Don't worry about location, we took a taxi everwhere and rarely paid more than the 10Y flagfall. There is a mini market open 24 hours across the road. I would recommend Club to anyone. They remembered our names each morning and how we liked our team. Can't fault the room. If you want the Marriott or a Holiday Inn, don't go hear but this is the place if you want great service with a Chinese feel!	
Jul 23 2009 	Capital will do	Capital Hotel was a decent place to stay in Beijing, albeit a bit depressing. The hotel feels quite large, as the lobby/foyer area is enormous. Despite the grand entrance area, the overall feel was depressing as there were rarely other people around.The room itself was clean and housekeeping was quite good. The bed linens were nice, however, the bed itself was rock hard. I didn't mind this, but for those who prefer cushy beds, this could be a problem. The bathroom was clean as well. In terms of size, the room was rather small.Breakfast was included in our stay, which was at the main restaurant downstairs. Breakfast was a mix of Chinese and Western food. Based on previous reviews, we steered clear of the Western foods, but we found that the Chinese food was almost inedible as well. The food was either completely tasteless or very oversalted. We didn't eat any other meals (lunch, dinner) here, as the restaurant was always empty. A major downside to this hotel is that there are limited restaurant options outside the hotel that are nearby. This is a decent, safe place to stay in Beijing.	
Jul 16 2009 	Big rooms location OK	OK hotel - 10 min walk to Tianmen square and the Forbidden city. Close to the Underground City.The rooms are quite big, but a bit outdated. Beds are big and comfortable. Breakfast was ok. The top floor restaurant is not that good, and quite expensive.	
Jun 6 2009	Great hotel experience!	We stayed three nights at the Capital Hotel in Beijing as part of a &quot;China Sampler&quot; Smartour in mid-May. We thought it was a really elegant hotel, with luxurious rooms and lobby. The lobby was adorned with lovely statuettes and a remarkable live fish tank.The breakfast was very good with lots of choices for different tastes. They even had an omelet making station for persons wanting a more &quot;western-syle&quot; breakfast.The location of the hotel seemed good, although we did not walk to any of the sights in Beijing. We went out for Peking Duck to a local restaurant, &quot;Made in China,&quot; which was recommended in Frommers Guide to China. The restaurant was decorated in an interesting fashion, but the food was just OK.Highlights in Beijing for us included the Great Wall, the Forbidden City and walking around a local park in the AM watching mainly local seniors doing Tai Chi, ballroom dancing, playing musical instruments or playing mah jongg.Beijing was great and so was the hotel. We recommend it to fellow travelors.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent location fine hotel with good facilities	Just a short walk from Tiananmen Square and The Forbidden City. Excellent location walking distance from both hutongs and major shopping streets. Umbrellas provided in room if weather is bad. Well appointed rooms - stayed in two different rooms on 17th and 14th floor. The first was a bit dated and both had very firm but okay beds. Two small bottles of complimentary mineral water provided in room every day. Razor, tooth brush, tooth paste, soap and shampoo refilled every day. Nice staff. Nice views from the upper floors. Some rooms renovated, some could use an update. Expensive bar. Good breakfast. Indoor pool seemed nice. Didn't pay myself so can't judge on the price.	
May 9 2009 	Very comfortable especially in club class	Definitely a five star (Chinese) hotel, a long walk or short cab ride from from Tiananmen, the Temple of Heavenly Peace, and Wangfujing.Beds are on the firm side but not quite uncomfortable. Our room was well furnished, though not the most modern - cube TV, standard shower, tea maker.Our travel agency got us an upgrade to a club class room. This is pretty worthwhile if you can get it. Benefits include a laundry discount and one free shirt per day, two minibar sodas per day (but only certain flavors), free local calls, etc. There is free internet in the room (a greedy 100 RMB otherwise) and in the club lounge, where attentive staff will bring you coffee or tea while you check your email. Breakfast in the club lounge is more private with friendly personal service, although subject to annoyances like active kids or smoking businessmen. The buffet downstairs has three times as many choices; it's pretty good though not memorable. We came to prefer the club lounge.The staff is generally helpful but once beyond the front desk has limited English, particularly in the hotel's several superb restaurants, which include a Sichuan and a northern Chinese.	
Apr 30 2009	Very classy	This certainly does feel like a five star hotel. Others have mentioned that the beds are hard--well, they are--sort of like a padded floor. I slept well, however. As is the case in any Chinese hotel, be very careful what you use. I had a wonderful fruit basket waiting for me. Also, next to the fruit basket were two tins of tea. If you take one of the tins as a keepsake, you will be charged for it. Other amenities such as bottled water, razors, toothbrush, etc. are free.A big word of warning. The electrical outlets use the British three pronged plug, not the typical two pronged 220 European plug. I had an adapter with me, but I imagine they have adapters at the desk.The staff was very accomodating. The shops in the store are excellent, with a very complete and reasonably priced selection of pearls and jade. I only had breakfast there, but the food selection was very good. Of course, I will like any restaurant that offers litchee and hawthorn fruit for breakfast.	
Apr 13 2009 	Bravo competence without a fuss !	I'm going for an overall rating of excellent because I genuinely belive they deserve it. The locations is about as good as it could be in Beijing since Tianamen Sq, Wangfujing St and the subway are all only a short walk away. The hotel is clean and well appointed, spacious and remarkably good value for it's star rating. Meals and drinks are expensive compared to the local average but the mark up is no worse than you'd expect and is intended to capitalise on the standard business traveller, not the tourist. English is not widely spoken in China but the staff are always happy to help by writing wherever you want to go in Chinese characters making it simple to get taxis. There is also a regular excursion to the Great Wall organised by the hotel which only costs 350 Yuan with an English speaking guide and stops at a Jade factory, a tea house and the Ming Tombs - excellent value.In short I recognise everything good that other reviews have mentioned and didn't experience or witness any of the things mentioned in the negative reviews. I agree with everyone who said the beds are hard but personally it did me a world of good especially after all the walking I did explorig the city and the wall.	
Apr 1 2009 	This is a great hotel (if you don't mind a very firm bed) in a great spot.	I had a 10th floor room in Tower B, and I could see the rooftops of the Forbidden CIty from my window. The room was spacious, clean, nice bathroom; the king-size bed was hard, though. Since the water is not drinkable (I did brush my teeth with it), the room was stocked with 2 complimentary bottles of water daily (I always carried one with me, and since the hotel printed its name in Chinese characters on the bottle, I could always show it to a taxi driver, who always got me back!). The hotel is 2 blocks from a subway station and a very good bakery, if you get tired of the breakfast buffet. 2 blocks in the other direction is Tian'namen Square. Everyone at the front desk was helpful.	
Mar 2 2009 	Very nice place	Very big and clean rooms, Nice bed and good service.Hotel has bowling, pool and fitness club.	
Feb 21 2009 	Surly staff shabby rooms	Our stay started off by being informed by a very surly staff member that our room wasn't ready (even though it was after check-in time). She didn't apologize or even make eye contact with us. We waited in the coffee shop for half an hour, then went back to check on things. They had apparently forgotten all about us, and didn't even remember that our luggage was already with the bellboy. We were shown to our room: a cramped &amp; shabby hole. There was peeling wallpaper in the bathroom and all the furniture was chipped. We could have lived with that, but it was a smoking floor, while we had reserved a no smoking room. Back down to the reception desk, only to be told that there were no king, non-smoking rooms available in the whole hotel. After much back and forth, he told us he would &quot;upgrade&quot; us. The new room was slightly bigger, but still on a smoking floor. Almost immediately, the doorknob on the bathroom broke, and we couldn't get the door open. A repairperson fixed it promptly, after a housekeeper came by thinking we had simply locked it accidentally. The front door staff mostly stands around avoiding eye contact, and the lobby is usually crowded with tour groups, so the rest of the staff seemed to ignore anyone who isn't part of one. The breakfast buffet is just not up to snuff. It opens at 6:30, and by 7:00 it is completely overrun and decimated by tour groups. The guy who is supposed to be making &quot;eggs to order&quot; simply makes them ahead and lines them up on the counter. The scrambled eggs taste like sterno. The Asian breakfast items are slightly better, but still nothing to write home about. The poor staff is running around barely keeping up with the demand for coffee, plates, and table settings. We have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels all over China, and this one was downright disappointing. (One more thing: they charge 100 RMB a day for Internet service, which I think is highway robbery.)	
Jan 7 2009	Like a Drum With a Hole in It . . Can't Beat It!	Forget those super-critical that gripe and moan that it isn’t a true 4-star, it is. I have traveled for business and pleasure for more than fifty years and stayed in better and in a hell of a lot worse. The rooms are as good and as well appointed as any 4-star hotel in any country. Are there better? Sure, but so what? From the well appointed lobby to the private dining rooms, from the details of 110/220 outlet in the well tiled-bath with separate tub and shower room to the tea service set, it is not only a 4-star but exceptional value. We took a SmarTour and were amazed at the value, location and cost. The breakfast (included) is plentiful and in many ways the basis for survival in Beijing for those who are concerned with the cleanliness and safety of less than top- flight local restaurants at top-flight prices. The other food at the hotel is horribly over-priced and tastes like Styrofoam, however. It is not only walking distance to Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and Wangfujing (shopping street &amp; Wangfujing creepy-crawler-on-a-stick eating alley) but a few blocks from the Friendship Store, KFC, Pizza Hut and Micky D’s. It is less expensive than an Econo Lodge in Savannah or a Holiday Inn Express in Tupelo, yet comparable to any Hilton, Sheridan, Forum or Crowne Plaza in LA, NY or Chicago.	
Dec 6 2008 	Nice but be careful	We stayed from 11-30 thru 12-6. Very nice hotel &amp; most staff speak english. Did not eat at the hotel, there's a great Muslim place across the street for breakfast, pleanty of little places all around for great fresh food. Jack, the bell capitan, hooked us up with a few places to eat &amp; a car to the Great Wall at Badaling for 600RMB without any side tours for 6 hours. The pool &amp; sauna were nice in the cold weather. Be careful of the basement. It advertises a Karoke Bar in the basement, but it's seemed to be several &quot;VIP&quot;rooms with girls and some were not really dressed when we first came across it early in the am. The rooms were fine, beds were REALLY hard and the floors not cleaned. Short walk to the square, about 15 minute walk to the pearl market. Nice location.	
Nov 28 2008	Good location	Stayed at the Capital for 4 nights. Room was spacious and good value for the price. We were at the club level &amp; they provide good breakfast at the club lounge so that you do not have to be with the crowd ( although I suspect you can get more choices with food). Concierge was very helpful. Within 10 mins walk from Tianmen square &amp; subway station. Overall, excellent value for money.	
Nov 26 2008	Not a pleasant stay	Looks like this place was nice at some point but no longer is.I stayed on the 11th floor of Tower B. I think the Tower A rooms are the nicer ones. First thing was I had requested one bed and there were two. Secondly the room was VERY hot. When I called down to the desk and they sent someone from housekeeping up to the room he just opened the windows. He said the air conditioning system was shut down for the season and no matter what I set the thermostat at, the air would blow hot. With the windows open the room never got comfortable but did get bearable. However, the room was now very noisy. All the street noise filtered in and that made it tough to sleep. Also, every day room service shut the windows and the rooom was hot when I got back from my day out.The bed was uncomfortable, the T.V. was small and fuzzy and the water temperature never got hot enough for a comfortable shower or shave.All of the hotel restaurants are very expensive and the food is fair at best. I stayed at some really nice places in China. This was the only bad experience.I would not stay there again!	
Nov 23 2008 	Good Hotel	My husband and I spent six nights at the Capital Hotel. Room 906 has a view of a quiet side street. The bed was firm, but very comfortable. The bathroom has a tub, shower stall and a separate area with a sink. The carpeting and sink are showing signs of wear. There was a generous supply of towels and toiletries. I liked the small electric kettle and being able to make a cup of tea. At first glance the room looked very clean, but then I noticed a layer of dust along the window sill and on the TV cabinet. The bathroom was always cleaned, but sometimes the maid didn’t vacuum the floor. I could have asked that the room be dusted and vacuumed better, but I’m not sure if the staff would have understood me. The young women working at the front desk were always courteous. Some had a better knowledge of English than others. Before check-out, we were told we could pay by credit card for the drinks charged to our room. At check-out, we were told we had to pay with cash.At the time we stayed in the hotel, bus loads of guests were arriving and departing daily. This was only a slight problem when we wanted to ask a question at the information desk. The lobby was full of people, making it difficult to get near the desk. We never had to wait for an elevator. There were always seats available in the lounge.The buffet breakfast was included with our room. A good variety of Asian and western foods. My husband thought the quality of the Asian food was better than the western food. The breakfast room opens at 6:30 in the morning. Some mornings, by 7:00 most of the tables were taken. If you have to be out of the hotel early and want to eat, go to the breakfast room as soon as it opens.We had a great time in Beijing and a good stay at this hotel.	
Nov 14 2008	Nice hotel but	We had a very nice room. Clean and nicely stocked with amenities. A lovely turn-down service at night. I agree with the other reviewers that the food is OK, not great. We had a Peking duck dinner there and it was marginal at best. You can get much better Peking duck in L. A. The comment about the front office staff is true also. I had an issue on our bill where we were charged for something we did not buy. They were not crazy about the idea of wanting to remove the charge. It took forever and some help from our Chinese tour guide. I think that they were just trying to wear me down in hopes that I would go away.	
Nov 9 2008 	great hotel and great location	we stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and were very pleasantly surprised. The lobby was large and modern. The room was very large and clean with a beautiful modern bathroom with walk-in shower and soaker bathtub. Terry robes and slippers were provided as well as complimentary tea/coffee/water. The towels were thick and fluffy. When my daughter arrived the third night, another bed was added and things were cramped but not intolerable.There were at least 4 restaurants in the hotel. We didn't try any but saw that one offered a buffet breakfast with combination western and asian food for about 160 yuan-this seemed very expensive.The hotel had a small bowling alley and a swimming pool. The pool looked great and we were sorry we didn't bring swim suits.Check-in was efficient. Staff was friendly and most spoke some English. They were very helpful when my daughter arrived in the middle of the day. We were out touring and they contacted us on our guide's phone and he was able to tell them and her where she should come to meet us.Location was excellent- 5-10 minute walk to Tiananmen Square, the subway, very interesting markets and also some up scale shopping.. There was also a supermarket where we could buy yoghurt, cheese, fruit, etc. for breakfast.We would definitely return there.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good location quality hotel	My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Capital for 4 nights. The rooms are quite small so having an extra bed in the room made for cramped quarters. Nevertheless the rooms were well furnished and very clean. The beds are hard as they are all over China. This hotel is in a great location - walking distance to Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City etc. The hotel has a good range of facilities and restaurants. The service was fine but be careful of costs - a glass of milk ordered from room service cost us $8AUS. Otherwise we were happy with our stay.	
Oct 14 2008 	grand soviet style	The hotel itself consists of two blocks – both huge and connected through the lobby. Most of the staff speak English and some of them were helpful while others seemed to be at a loss. Our room was in block B, on 4th floor – two single beds, TV, safe, tea facilities, bathroom (a bit on a dark side), small fridge (which was not restocked every day). The mattresses were hard but surprisingly comfy. There were three English speaking channels – CNN, HBO and CCTV 9 (Chinese international channel). There seemed to be two places to have your breakfast – you get vouchers either for the café or for the four season restaurant. There is enough choice for breakfast although some of the items did not have their usual taste. Anyways, on to the main bit: location. It stands on a street that is busy with traffic and you do get the usual noise (although that could be just the rooms facing the east qianmen street). There are always taxis available. If you come out of hotel and turn right in about 10 -15 min. you’ll get to the Tiananmen Sq. If you turn left and then again left at the first intersection you’ll get to the main shopping street in about 15-20 min. Next to Tiananmen Sq. there are the: Qianmen street (it has been restored recently and most stores are still unoccupied, but the street that runs parallel to it has plenty of shops) and Laoshe Teahouse (which has daily variety shows starting at 7:50 pm and finishing at 9:20; the shows include 20 min. of Chinese opera, 20 min. of Kung-fu, acrobatics, tea ceremony, etc.)Hotel organised a private trip for us to the Great Wall (we chose the Mutianyu bit) which cost 900 (EUR 90 equivalent) for both of us. Overall the style of the hotel was soviet – what I mean is that it was rather grand but not quite all there; but the location is central, rooms are clean and all the facilities are present. My advise is stay at the hotel but do not eat your dinners there (the restaurants are much more expensive and the quality of food is not as good when compared to all the little eateries around town).	
Aug 18 2008 	Great hotel!	Nice hotel with good, clean rooms. Staff is very friendly. Location is quite central and about a 10 minute walk to the metro.	
Aug 16 2008	Beautiful hotel could maybe get better located hotel though	We stayed here for 6 nights in July 2008. This hotel is very grand and our rooms were lovely. The room was very large and the marble bathroom was excellent. The decor of the rooms was a little bit out dated (think dark green and browns etc).The breakfast is seriously overpriced however the cafe and restaurant serve decent food (including Western food). The cafe is open 24 hours which is excellent for late night snacks. The buffet dinner is ok, a little expensive, however it includes free flow wine which we certainly made use of :-)The hotel is about 15/20 minute walk to Tianamen Square and Forbidden City. It is also a 15 minute walk to Wanfujing St. If I was going to Beijing again I would prefer to stay up closer to Wanfujing St. It is the main shopping street and has a lot more hustle and bustle, a nicer atmosphere. Capital Hotel is somewhat isolated in it's location, there are no little shops or restaurants which you can pop out to.The staff were very friendly and helpful though. They even rang Pizza Hut and ordered for us one night when my boyfriend couldn't leave the room because of an injury. They have good English and wrote all of our taxi destinations in Chinese for us.Overall, a lovely stay in the Capital, very pleasant hotel.	
Jul 23 2008	Average stay but would return	good rooms, clean, good food, spa and shops are a little overpriced, pool is decent, most people at reception speak limited English	
Jun 19 2008 	Room Great Staff Not So Great	We just returned from Beijing after staying at the Capital Hotel for 3 nights. We had a deluxe room with 2 beds, and it was a very nice, clean, large room, well-decorated and appointed. The bathroom was large, attractive (marble counters), and had a shower/bathtub combo. The bed was comfortable. The air conditioning was excellent. The lobby of the hotel is also very lovely and elegant, and the hotel even has a small bowling alley for guest use for a small 30 yuan (about $4 USD) fee. The indoor swimming pool is a bit small but adequate.I would give the rooms at this hotel 5 stars, but the staff 2 stars. The front desk staff are not very friendly. The first night, I asked a front desk person to call a local tourist attraction phone number to get information about a Great Wall tour (I would have called, but I don't speak Chinese), but the staff person at first refused to call the number. I asked again, and he reluctantly agreed to call the number for me. It only took about a minute of his time; I'm not sure what his problem was.The next night, I needed some currency exchanged, but they stop exchanging currency in the hotel at 10:30 PM. I went to the front desk at about 10:40 PM unaware of the currency exchange closing time, but they refused to exchange any currency for me until the next morning. I know it was 10 minutes after closing, but their guest guidebook says to &quot;contact the front desk&quot; for currency exchange after-hours. Apparently they won't exchange any currency at all after-hours. You would think they would try to accommodate their guests' needs.The WORST though was the business center. If you want to use the Internet, prepare to get GOUGED badly. They charge 2 yuan per minute for Internet use, or roughly $18 USD an hour to use the Internet, which is a blatant ripoff. They also charge $1.50 USD per page for printing, another ripoff. The most I was charged for Internet in all the other Chinese hotels I stayed at was about $5 USD an hour. Also, the lady in charge of the business center lied about how much time I had spent at the computer. I noted the time I sat down at the computer and started using the Internet, but she said I had started 10 minutes earlier, happily charging me 20 yuan more than I should have been charged. I told her that was not correct, but she argued with me.The bellboys were good though, helping us with luggage and getting taxis for us. The front desk staff speaks pretty good English, so at least you can look forward to that.The hotel restaurant we ate at (the cafe on the first floor that serves breakfast), is overpriced, but that's the case at most hotel restaurants. A Coke costs about $3 USD, while it's about 40 cents from a local Beijing restaurant or shop. Avoid hotel restaurants if possible, because you generally get gouged.The hotel is within 10-15 minutes walking distance of Wangfujing Street, 10 minutes walking distance of the metro station, and about 15-20 minutes walking distance from Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City.Overall, I recommend this hotel for the great rooms and reasonable room rates, but don't expect friendly or even professional service from the staff. This hotel would have gotten 5 stars if not for the staff.	
Jun 4 2008	Great but Bejing Still Has Work To Do	Bejing, in my view, is working hard to catch on to western ways...while it's very western in some ways, many times I felt this must have been much what Japan was like, shortly after the war.The spirit is there, but the culture is so different. I always felt the Japanese can do whatever they want, more or less, in western, or their own style. China, isn't quite there...like looking in a funhouse mirror sometime. If the above doesn't quite make sense to you, you will understand after visiting China.The hotel is a mirror of the above opinion....smart, stylish, and well located, it truly is a four star hotel....and in some ways, perhaps more. Comfortable beds, spacious room, great view...but with natural stone bath surfaces, the shower door still leaked profusely...but into a conveniently placed drain on the floor outside the shower...intentional design ? Beautiful stainless steel accents...apparently attached with rusty bolts, as the rust leaked out from beneath the stainless steel. Huge dept store sized windows...covered the the soot/haze that descends upon Bejing each day.A sumptuous buffet, rivaling the four/five star Japanese hotel(s) I've reviewed...and an enormous lobby. A basement level indoor pool (but you MUST wear a shower cap....ah the '50s live !)I would stay here again. Hint to the traveler: Don't drink the Bejing water...the locals are used to it: You aren't ! The 7-11 behind the store is a great place for price and quality for fresh sandwiches and liquor (and bottled water...the hotel furnishes one small bottle to you each day).	
May 19 2008 	Capital Hotel was great	We stayed at the Capital Hotel in late April with a SmarTours package. The hotel was great and the location was very close to the Forbidden City. Hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly. Sure the beds were hard, but it really was not much of an issue. I would stay here again. Taxis are very inexpensive and make getting around the city very easy. They always have taxis right up front at the hotel. We did book a car for two days because we wanted to head out of town and go to the great wall and didn't want to relay on taxis to try to get back. We looked on Trip Advisor and found lots of driver recommendations for John. We e-mailed him before we went and booked his services for two days. The night before we were scheduled to go to the great wall John called our hotel and advised us we might be better to switch days so we will have nicer weather for the great wall. He was right, it rained the morning we were scheduled to go and was a beautiful day when we ended up going. John's English isgreat and he was full of information regarding Beijing. We really enjoyed our two days with him and would highly recommend his services. We e-mailed him at [--] and he has a website at www.beijing-driver.com. All in all, it was a great trip at a very reasonable price thanks to SmarTours. It was our first time using SmarTours and were very pleased with the service and hotels they provided.	
May 5 2008	a perfect stay	This hotel is perfectly located. You can easily walk to the Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, a subway station or the famous Wangfujin Street with all its shops. It is really convenient in such a city locked by endless traffic jams.I stayed in the new tower where rooms are very comfortable and perfectly clean. The breakfast buffet was delightful, served in a quiet garden-type restaurant. I also went to the Italian restaurant on the top of the main bulding: beautiful sight over Beijing and a good quality restaurant.This hotel is definitely a must in Beijing at a very reasonnable price. Do not hesitate to book there.	
May 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	The Capital Hotel is located on a quiet residential street not too far from all the action. A 15-20 minute walk will bring you Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, Wangfujing pedestrian street and night market. The hotel is also conveniently located between two subway stations and we used the subway quite a bit to get around (subway fare is equivalent to $0.35 US). Cabs were always lined up outside the hotel ready to take you wherever you wanted to go. Our room had two double beds with an over sized bathroom. The room was very clean and modern. The beds were extra firm by North American standards but very comfortable. Also, the bedding was nice white cotton duvets. The white towel robes and slippers were a nice extra. The room also included two free bottles of water per day and there is a kettle for boiling your own water. Don’t drink the tap water, not even to brush your teeth. The room did not have a digital clock so it was tough to see the time in the dark. We found the staff of the Capital Hotel to be quite helpful and spoke good English. I had inquired about a certain attraction with Ann from the Information Desk and she was able to call them for me. However, the number was wrong so she said she would look into it further and get back to me. Later that night, I received a handwritten note under our door informing me that she had done some further research and the attraction was not going to be open until late spring. I was quite impressed with her customer service!We ate breakfast in the buffet on the ground floor and found it more than adequate. Selection was ample and the food was always fresh. We really enjoyed the congee with condiments and fried doughnuts, warm soy milk and fresh fruit that included cut cantaloupe, watermelon, mandarin sections and canned lychees! There was a made to order omelet bar and traditional breakfast fare including bacon, sausages, toast, bagels, cereals and fruit juices. We also found fried rice, noodles, dumplings, steamed buns, bread pudding and fish and chips. Across the street, you will find a small convenience store open 24 hrs with basics such as beer, water, and snacks for very little in price.	
Apr 17 2008 	WOW!! what a bargain	We booked Capital Hotel through a group package for really cheap. I was very nervous because it was so inexpensive, but boy was I wrong. I felt like I was in some big, international hotel in a multicultural city like Toronto.It was a very large and lovely hotel that is an excellent value for the money. Every morning included an american style buffet breakfast where you could load up on carbs to get you through the day. The beds were like rocks but the room was clean and nice. free internet too was a huge bonus!Dont hesitate to stay here.	
Apr 5 2008 	great hotel	We just traveled to Bejing with our teenage daughter and stayed at the Capital Hotel. Great location with that little market across the street and so close to everything. Our room was just like a really nice American hotel and those &quot;hard&quot; beds were so comfortable even though at first we were not so sure as they have no springs! We ate a lovely included breakfast every day at the nicer hotel restaurant...delicious American style eggs and toast and everything Asian if that is what you want. The hotel feels a little like Las Vegas as all the big hotels in Beijing these days, but enjoyed drinks in the lobby bar and found the prices very reasonable. You can even order pasta, etc. at the &quot;coffee shop&quot; type restaurant if you need a change from all that Chinese food. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2008	Wonderful Stay	We stayed 3 nights at the Capital Hotel in Beijing and we were impressed with the accommodations. Yes, the beds are rock hard, but where in China are they not! The room was spotlessly clean. We loved the robes, slippers, and super soft towels. Having a safe to secure valuables meant that we didn't have to worry about carrying all our important papers. The hotel is an easy walk to Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City. The breakfast that was included with our stay was quite good. Our room was on one of the non-smoking floors and did not have a cigarette aroma as we've found in other &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms in other hotels.Although not located in the hotel, but almost in the hotel's parking lot, we found a wonderful little noodle shop. Go out of the hotel and turn right and turn right again. We liked it so much we stopped there twice during our stay. We ate very well for less than $4 a person.	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect location with great breakfasts	This hotel is perfect for those who want to explore Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and some of the really great shopping in the Wang Fu Jing Shopping Area. The shopping district is three blocks north of the hotel on foot, and you can catch the subway (Red Line #1) from there to the SIlk Street mall, which is amazing. Many of the hotel clerks do not speak English fluently, so allow time for checkin and checkout. Our room was on the 9th floor of the B Tower. The room was large and had a gigantic window. It was cold, however, and we never managed to decipher the cryptic thermostat. The beds are very, very hard- just about like sleeping on the floor. We asked for two additional quilts, and once you fold the quilt under you, it is bearable but we went home very stiff. Our bath had a gigantic soaking tub and a decent shower: both very nice with plenty of hot water. The daily breakfast buffet was great: toast, pastries, eggs (scrambled or omelets made fresh), sausages and bacon, potato cakes, porridge, cereals, fresh fruit and juices. Try the &quot;marinated egg&quot; which is a hot hard-boiled egg in a mildly vinegar sauce. The breakfast dining room is large and comfortable and the staff is attentive. We loved the breakfasts since they opened at 6:30 am and we walked off a lot of calories every day. Be aware that the money exchange desk can only convert dollars to yuan, not vice-versa, so dont change too much money the last day of your stay or you will have to wait in the lines at the airport to convert back to dollars. Also, the ATM in the lobby charged us a 7% service charge (this will vary by bank, of course)	
Mar 26 2008 	A truly 4 star hotel	We stayed in this hotel from February 19-24 with the Smartours San Francisco group. Because we thought the tour price (total $940/person for 10 days with air and hotel) was such a steal, we presumed that Smartours would book us at an average hotel. Well, we were pleasantly surprised. This hotel exceeded our expectations. Truly a 4 star.The lobby was spacious with restaurants and shops on 2 floors. The decor was nice. A new Tower B building was added in April 2007 and was quite a long walk from the lobby. Facilities include indoor pool. gym, billiards room, sauna, business center (computer use was expensive at 2 yuan a minute), money exchange and ATM, bowling alley,business meeting rooms and parking garage. Some staff speak good English.Our room on the 7th floor at Tower B was large and modern with a view of the main street. Complementaries included 2 water bottles a day, coffee and tea, a percolator, small fridge, electronic safe, slippers, bathrobes, more toiletries (toothbrush, comb, razor, cotton swabs) in addition to the lotions and soap, and a bigger than usual TV (at least 25 inches) with HBO, CNN and ESPN. Some reviewers complained about the room heat so we simply turned off the heater and all was comfortable after that. The bed was very firm but we liked it because it provided better back support. The bathroom was big with a soaking tub. I did not find any DSL connection in our room although it was supposedly available in some rooms. The entry carpet had some minor stains but otherwise housekeeping was prompt and efficient and always kept everything tidy.Our tour included complementary buffet breakfasts taken at the lobby coffee shop which were all good with plenty of choices. Menu included American entrees (eggs, bacon, sausage, cereals, toasts, salads) and Chinese items (congee, dumplings, fried rice, chow mein) plus an omelette station staffed by at least 2 cooks at any one time. Service was exceptional (tipping not necessary but we always left $1-2.) Other than the breakfasts, we only ate one other time here, a dinner with OK food and price, since our optional tours included lunches and we ate out all the time (so cheap everywhere in Beijing especially the food courts at the malls in Wangfujing where you can have several meals for only $3 total.)What makes Capital Hotel great is its location. You turn right from the hotel and walk two long blocks (10-15 minutes) to reach the southern edge of the Tiananmen Square. You turn left and left again on Tai Ji Chang street, walk 2 long blocks (10-15 minutes) and cross over to the Wangfujing shopping area. Taxis were so cheap, usually less than $2 within the city center, e.g. taxi to the Silk Market was 13 yuan (less than $2.) The reception desk employees were always glad to write out our itinerary in Chinese on a hotel card to be given to the taxi driver and trips were made easy.One thing to remember: don't touch the stock of beverage/snack items. These are expensive. You can get those a lot cheaper from a nearby minimart. For those who want to stay in a nice and comfortable hotel at a great price within walking distance to Beijing's major attractions, Capital Hotel is a perfect choice.	
Mar 17 2008	Walking Distance to Forbidden City!	There were 6 of us in our group, including two teen-agers. We had three rooms booked as part of a Pacific Delights tour. We choose this hotel for its' proximity to Tianamen square, the Forbidden City and other places such as the Pearl Market and Silk Market.Our rooms were clean and always kept clean. Sheets were changed daily and the bathrooms were very nice. Yes the beds were firm (actually hard) but we all slept well and were comfortable. The public areas were also very nice. The teens like the bowling alley in the lower lever and spent one night bowling.We only encourtered a few problems. The rooms were very hot. Luckily the windows opened and we did take advantage and kept the open the entire week. Also one night we were very tired and decided to eat in the downstairs coffee bar were we had breakfast every morning. That was a disaster. Not only was the food inedible, but everyones order was incorrect and took an hour to get straigtened out. We had to go get a hotel manager as the wait staff did not speak enough English to understand us.I also found that the staff at the front desk were not friendly at all. They never smiled or initiated any conversation even a &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;Good Morning&quot; When approached they would just stare at you until you spoke. But the porter in the hallways as well as the chambermaids would greet us whenever we passed them.I would stay at this hotel again. It was clean and a very short distance to many places I wanted to be close to.	
Mar 17 2008 	Better The Some	We arrived late in the evening but check-in went very smooth and without problems. We stayed in the new Tower B and the rooms were just fine. House keeping did a fabulous job. It seemed that she heard us leave in the mornings for breakfast and the room was done almost everytime when we returned, a very pleasant surprise. Our room was inclusive of breakfast which was great. There were plenty of choices to satisfy even the &quot;pickiest&quot; of eaters. We looked in on the pool and excersize room, which looked very nice but we were too busy site seeing to utilize them. The hotel has a money exchange which is very conveniet also. The location of the hotel is great to, cabs are available at the front door, buses right out front on the main street and the subway is only three blocks away and nothing is cheaper for getting around the city then their subway system. If there is anything negative to say about the hotel it's that their bed mattresses are very, very firm and will take a few nights, if ever, to get use to them. House keeping was nice enough to bring me a few blankets to help pad the bed which helped but did not cure the problem. Would I stay there again, absolutely, the location makes it worth while..	
Mar 12 2008 	Very nice hotel	Just returned from a week at the Capital Hotel. We were surprised how modern this hotel is. VERY CLEAN. Nice room. Friendly staff. Close to Tianamen Square. Breakfast has a wide variety of foods.	
Mar 2 2008	Very big hotel	This is a very big hotel -- lots of employees, close to everything, normally we stay in much smaller hotels, we like to have control of the hotel, its not easy in such a big place.But in this case, we didn’t stay at the hotel – because of all the trips that we where going on.The hotel is clean, and the food is above average.	
Mar 1 2008	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel as part of the Smartours package. I thought it was great. Rooms were sparkling clean. HBO, CNN and a few other english stations on the TV. Very close to Tianamen square and other tourist spots. Internet was available for a price in the room (didn't get the exact price) but I used the computers in the business center instead (about .25 cents a minute). Great toiletries in room (razor, q-tip etc) that was replenished each day. You also get free tea and coffee with a kettle, as well as 2 free bottles of water a day. Yes, beds were harder than in the US, but I actually found them to be really comfortable. Bathroom was very clean as well, and had huge soaking tub. My husband took regular baths (as the hotel provides bubbles in addition to shampoo and conditioner).Breakfast had a nice spread. Made to order omlettes and eggs, dumplings, fried noodles, congee, along with sausages, fruits, cereals, french toast etc. Really enjoyed out stay at the hotel!	
Feb 25 2008	It works	Stayed here twice in January - when we first arrived hotel was arranged as part of tour, and then when we returned independently at end of trip, we elected to stay again. Location is marvelous - walking distance to so many things. Hotel is quite nice. Tower A is suites, and Tower B is large regular roms with 2 double beds. Yes, all the beds are quite hard. You will be so tired that you will sleep anyhow. Yes, they may have plumbing challenges - first room toilet required plunging, and second room (Tower A) had both a stand up shower and also a tub with a flexible shower holder. Stand up shower - water never turned on, and flexible shower holder worked only weakly ( not enough to take a shower). The suite in Tower A was gorgeous, and we were only there 2 nights, so I took a bath. The breakfasts are buffet style with lots of things that you are not sure what they are, and enough things that you can recognize so you will be able to eat. I suggest taking a few snacks from buffet for during the day since it is generally hard to figure out the food in China. The biggest problem with this hotel is that there are not alot of ppl who speak English, and the few that do seem not to understand that you may need some help, even if you keep trying very hard to get some information. The most help you can count on, ( and you can count on it) is that the bellhop will write in chinese for you where you want to go, and you can show this to the cab driver. ( Tip -Get him to write the whole day itinerary down for you) This works sometimes, but sometimes cab drivers won't stop for foreigners, and sometimes the driver can not ( ? will not? ) read the writing. So you get back out of the cab. Overall the hotel rooms are well located, and very nice, the breakfast is edible, but you will have your work cut out for you getting around. This is true throughout China.	
Jan 30 2008	All glitz and no substance	This is an attractive hotel, but that is as far as it goes. The shower drain in our room was blocked and flooded the bathroom while taking a shower on our 1st night. The tub drain wasn't much better. Upon our return from a day's outing for our 2nd night, the drains were still blocked. Nothing had been done to fix them. They offered us another room, but with a 4:00 AM departure the next morning we made do with the tub shower by standing on our knees; using it standing up was next to impossible as there was no holder at head level. The tub was not clean enough to sit in. The room's rug was filthy.	
Dec 8 2007 	Great value for money	I just returned from a short vacation in Beijing where I stayed one night in &quot;Traders hotel&quot; and 5 nights in &quot;Capital hotel&quot;. The Capital hotel is located in a walking distance from the Forbiden city, Tiananmen and Wangfujing - the shopping street. I paid 70 USD per night at the Capital hotel, which was about 100 USD less than the Traders wanted for the same nights. I was surprised to see that the Capital is in fact a better hotel. The rooms were newer and cleaner, the service level was similar and the location of the Capital is way better if you are in Beijing for site seeing. The only disadvantage of the Capital hotel was the bed in my room. It had the hardest mattress I ever slept on, but with an extra blanket this was easily solved. I joined a couple of organized tours available from the front desk of the Capital hotel, since the groups in both cases were very small (6 people in the first day and 3 on the second day) and since only hotel guests joined the tours, I assume that the hotel owns the guided tours company. However, the first tour wasn't that good as the guide wasn't too much into guiding and just let the group wander in the different sites. The second day was the exact opposite! thanks to the guide (Laila) the tour was wonderful; she spend all day with us explaining, showing and sharing her skills. If you get to Beijing for a short vacation I definitely recommend the Capital hotel. If you join a guided tour offered by the front desk, ask to join Laila's group.	
Nov 26 2007	Excellent Hotel Excellent Experience	My girlfriend and I got this hotel through our Highlight Tour of China. And this was the hotel we were given at Beijing.Upon arrival, the elegance of the lobby took us by surprise. Everything was very clean and neat. The look of the hotel seemed more on the tradional side with marble lining the pillars and walls. The staff that greeted us was friendly and nice. Most spoke english, and as most of the reviewers here stated, are all mostly young workers.As you can see in our pictures that the room was also very nice. The halogen lamps lit the room nicely and we had a room with a view of the main street. Unfortunately our rug was pretty stained up and was not up to par to the rest of the elegance of the hotel. Luckily they provided bathroom slippers and robes. Also 2 complimentary bottles of water a day was provided. The bathroom was very nice. During our stay however we noticed that the toilet was very low in pressure and didn't flush very well. We didn't know if it was because of water rationing or just the way it was but that was the case. Any &quot;big emergencies&quot; need two or more flushes.Another thing of note, and its just not this hotel but all hotels during our trip, was that the bed was ROCK HARD. If you're used to your soft ergonomic bed from home, you will be in for a shock. I mean NO bounce whatsoever! You might as well sleep on the floor, thats how bad it is. I suggest to bring something that may help you if you're going to find this a problem. But I heard that mostly all hotels in China have beds like this, so get used to it.The Gym was nice and clean with a half dozen treadmills and a couple of weight machines. In the back is a FREE billiard room with one table. Below the lobby there's a four lane bowling alley, which is an interesting touch. Everything was neat and clean and had friendly attendents.For restaurants we only had breakfast for our stay there. We went to both breakfasts on the lobby level. *TIP: GO EARLY, IT GETS CROWDED WITH TOURISTS!! Like near openeing time!* The breakfast spread was excellent!! Typical american fare was there; bacon, eggs, potatoes, fruits, veggies, etc... along with some chinese and japanese cuisine. The staff was fast and prompt with coffee and tea refills as well. Overall our experience was excellent, if we had any questions or problems it was resolved quickly and with no hassles. Its location was also VERY good. Only minutes away walking from Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. I would definitely use this hotel again if we come back!!!***SOME GENERAL TIPS ABOUT CHINA***- Again, DONT DRINK THE TAP WATER!!- Bring extra Toilet Paper or Tissue Paper where ever you go! Beijing is getting better about their facilities but seems TP is scarce in some restrooms. The hotel can provide extra one upon request.- We brought Purell or Hand Sanitizer wipes just in case, and used them often!- There's a general store across the street if you want to buy some extra groceries. I suggest bring LOTS OF SNACKS from home, you might have a hard time buying chinese products that you can't read.- Buy and bring with you LOTS OF WATER!! Beijing is a very dry area and you will get dehydrated quickly without realizing it.	
Nov 15 2007 	Skip this one there are others better	I must say our experience at the Captial Hotel started off bad and continued through the 5 day stay. It took 40 minutes to check in and the staff didn't tell us what the issues were. My wife described the hotel as &quot;a mile wide but only an inch deep.&quot; They have a very large labor force but when asked to do something about a problem, they have limited english and customer service skills to handle it. The location is great - walking distance to the major sites. The room was warm and when we called to ask for help, they said the heat was on because of the time of year and just open a window. We did so but the pollution and noise kept us up. The beds are VERY hard. We have been to other Chinese cities where the beds are firm, but these are the most severe. If you need some give to your mattress, don't stay here. I didn't sleep well the entire time. The restaurants are good but pricey for Beijing. Finally, my wife accidently left her diamond earrings on the table in the room since we left at an unGodly hour to catch a flight home to the USA. We alerted the night manager (from the airport - 1 hour later in the very early morning) and asked to be contacted since we were sure the earrings were there. We never heard back from them. We were able to contact them by email after a few days and all they said was they had checked with the housekeeping staff and that they were not there. Yeah, right. We never received word from the night manager or the hotel manager. All in all, we survived but we felt the experience could have been a lot better for the money. There are so many places to stay in this City that are better for the same price. Skip the Capital. But if you do stay, be sure and not leave anything behind...the staff will keep it...unlike many hotels in China.	
Nov 14 2007	Great Hotel!!!....	Just returned from a trip to Beijing and stayed at the Capital Hotel. GREAT HOTEL! The room was very clean - bed was hard but that is normal in China. Staff was pleasant and spoke well enough english for us to get by. Food was good, Spa was beautiful and bowling alley is just cool.I recommend this hotel to any traveler. It is in a good location - close enough to Tianemen Square and to the Walking Street area.	
Oct 18 2007	Excellent hotel excellent location	My wife and I stayed here while on a 2 week tour of China. Our room consisted of being a 2 room suite. The hotel is excellently located just a short walk from Tianeman Square and the Forbidden City. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The only problem we had was with the bed which was literally hard as a rock. Imagine sleeping on a thin rug on a hardwood floor, and that will give you a good idea what it was like in our bed! Other than that, the hotel included a buffet breakfast daily which was excellent. We would definitely stay here again, despite the bed.	
Sep 24 2007	First room dirty second one great.	We arrived early morning, it was the first step on our visit to many parts of China and Hong Kong.When we first arrived we were greated with a smile and we were allocated a room in the B section of the hotel. This room was very scruffy with a pungent smell of tobacco and the clothes and laundry was not up standard for a 4 star hotel. We complained and was given a room in A section, it was definately an upgraded room and it looked 100% better than the one we had come from with a walk in shower and a bath.The staff at the hotel were very helpful and really friendly. The location of this hotel was excellent, it was a short walk from Tianamen square and the Forbidden City, and it was situated near shops where you could buy water and snacks. We found that the chinese people in the square would stop and talk to us, I was told later that they wanted to improve their English language skills. On times it did get a little annoying, but we were on holiday so what the heck.The hustlers were very persistant, but we found a sharp &quot;No&quot;, seemed to work really well.	
Jul 30 2007	Great location and the right price	The Capital Hotel is a large full service hotel in a great location, a couple of blocks' walk from The Forbidden City and Wangfujing Ave (pedestrian shopping street). For other touring, we hired a driver (=$40 per day ) and while he spoke very little English, we had the front desk write down (in Chinese characters) our destinations for the day, and never had a problem. We typically take public transport when traveling but taxis and car hires are so darned cheap, and it's such a nice way to see the sights.Room was OK size for 3 adults/two oversized twin beds and a rollaway (extra charge for rollaway) took up the space in the room. Room was not fancy but was definitely 3* or maybe even 4*, nicely decorated, fabric bed headboards and nice paintings in room. Curtains blocked out all light, a nice touch.Room was clean and comfortable, and we had a street view (not noisy from our 8th floor room). Housekeeping service was iffy (beds not made one day but bathroom cleaned). Ask for more water anytime you need it and housekeeping will deliver. Water is not potable. Pool and dry sauna were nicely kept. Beware that the showers down at the pool do not offer soap or shampoo, so bring your own from your room. Breakfast was included in our rate of US$112 per night (a great rate based on my research and the hotel quality), a large buffet with a few Chinese choices (dumplings, noodles) and American (omelets) and European (cheese and salad) standards. There is a bowling alley (4 lanes) in the basement and 2 other restaurants in hotel, but don't spend your $ on hotel restaurants when you have Beijing at your doorstep. Across the street and a bit to the right of the hotel is a little grocery store with cheap/local prices and selections, so you can stock up on more water, snacks, beer etc. It's also a good cultural experience, to browse the shelves and see the standard food products that local citizens buy everyday. VERY interesting! Be forewarned : hotel staff does not speak a lot of English, so be patient in communicating your needs.	
Jun 15 2007	Great location	This was a lovely modern hotel in a great location. The rooms were clean with large beds and a great walk in shower as well as a bath.The buffet breakfast was good with plenty of choice.There was a small supermarket over the road for buying bottled water. There were no bars nearby but the hotel bar was ok and drinks were not too expensive.Turn left out of the hotel and in a short walk you reach Tianemen Square and the Forbidden City. We did a guided tour on one day and then went back on our own for a further afternoon as there was so much to see. We were photographed as much as the buildings as we seemed to be the only westerners there that afternoon but it was all friendly.There were some beggars and street sellers but as long as you didn't look at them there were no problems.	
Jun 11 2007 	Worst hotel experience in 40 years of travelling	My wife and I spent two weeks in China in May 2007. We arrived in Shanghai, spent 3 days there then travelled to Hang Zhou, Changsha and finally to Beijing for a day before flying back to Rome. Our travel agent booked us into the Capital Hotel in Beijing and gave us a choice of a deluxe or a superior room. The deluxe room cost 799 RMB (without breakfast) and was 100 RMB more than the cost of a superior room. We selected a deluxe room and was given room 1101 on our arrival.I have spent the last 40 years of my life travelling around the world and I know what to expect from a 3 stars rated hotel as opposed to a 5 stars hotel. My evaluation is based on the value we received for our stay. In other words &quot;value for money&quot;. We did not expect a 5 stars experience.Anyway, to cut a long story short, the room was not what we expected from a deluxe room. The carpet was old and tatty, the airconditioner did not work (it was unpleasantly hot that day), the shower door could not close, and the taps dripped all night. We mentioned these to the reception, asking them if we could change our room, but were told that the hotel was full and there was no other deluxe rooms available.We thought to ourselves if this was a deluxe room, we would hate to think what a superior rooom looked like, let alone a standard room. We went over to the other tower which had superior rooms and saw that the rooms were much better than ours. It looked like our room was earmarked for refurbishing and we were unfortunate enough to get the room before it was refurbished. We went to the front desk and told them that we did not mind getting a superior room seeing that they were much better than our deluxe room, but told that it was not possible. The staff at the reception desk were also quite rude about it.I filled in the hotel questionnaire and left it sealed at the front desk before leaving the hotel the next day, but I have not heard from the hotel management. I gave my full contact details in the questionnaire because from my past experience, I have always been contacted by management of hotels, particularly the good ones, whether my reviews were good or not so good.	
May 22 2007 	Enjoyable Stay	Found the hotel a very pleasant place to stay, in an excellent location. Rooms very spacious, comfortable, &amp; clean, with all the usual amenities. Stayed here for 2 weeks, and found the staff all very friendly and helpful, from the doormen, reception staff, and especially the very funny bell hop!. Ate at most of the restaurants, and while more expensive than those independently run, the food was very good, and value for money. There is also a very handy mini supermarket directly across the road, ideal for getting drinks, snacks, toiletries etc. Would definately recommend.	
Apr 23 2007 	Expensive hotel!	The rooms are clean and spacious. The mattress is Chinese-style. i.e. it'll feel very hard if you came from a Western nation. The restaurants in the hotel are average and expensive. There are better ones in Beijing. My friend got hit by a US$40 bill for printing 10 pages in the business center. And to rent a projector for use in the conference room is US$200 per day. Are we in China?The Chong Wen Men subway station is less than 1 KM to the East of the hotel. The Qian Men station is less than 1 KM to the West. But I prefer the Chong Wen Men station because it is less messy over there. The location is good and central. It's walking distance (West then North) to Tian An Men and Gu Gong.	
Apr 17 2007	Very Pleasant Experience	Just got back from 11 days in 4 cities, First stop was the Capital in Beijing and we were pleasantly surprised. Excellent central location, very attentive staff and we didn't see any trace of the &quot;under construction&quot; problems described elsewhere. The breakfast buffet (included) was quite good, even if not entirely &quot;Western&quot; in composition. Complimentary Internet access on the hotel's computers was the best we saw anywhere and the location was exceptional - eat breakfast looking out over the Forbidden City, with White Pagoda at Beihai Park in the background. Only negatives: carpet in the room could use to have been replaced a couple of years ago and it took forever for the water to get hot in the shower. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2007	Loved the Capital Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights with Smartours travel group. The hotel is modern and has tons of great amenities (pool, sauna, gym, great buffet breakfast). The location is also great, a 5 minute walk from Tianenman Sq and the Forbidden city. The only drawback is that the beds are hard as rocks! But I think this is normal for Asia. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 10 2007 	Excellent Location	Good location. 2 blocks away of Forbidden City and Tiananmen Sq.	
Apr 9 2007 	Capital location	We stayed at the Capital in February 2007 for 12 days. The refurbishment referred to in previous comments has now been completed. We had a standard room (with extra bed) which was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was pristine! Staff were friendly and helpful and arrrangng trips was done without hassle. Food was good with European/American options. The hotel is in a great location- within walking distance of the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. Don't miss the Temple of Heaven, a rickshaw ride around the Hutons and The Peking Opera! Taxis are the best way of getting around the city and cost around 70pence (GBP) within the central area. Get a 'taxi card' from reception which has the Hotel address in Chinese and you'll never get lost! We found Beijing to be safe and friendly.	
Mar 19 2007 	hmm...Not expecting this. Stay Away!!!	This hotel is under renovation. Allot of things weren't available, and or not working. Look for other options. The pool, is not the same as the one shown on websites. Much smaller. Although the Lobby is very nice but...The Problems: Our room walking in, seemed nice, until we sat in it for a few minutes, the temp was 90 degrees, and the thermostat wouldn't work, the hotel staff provided us with the option of opening up our window after confirming that the heater wouldn't shut off (If you've been to Beijing, I believe you'd like to not breath too much of the air outside due to the smog). Anyways, after much deliberation with the front desk, they moved us to another room (same problem with heat). Finally after, again speaking to management again (and them confiming the same problem being reported with heat issues elsewhere in the hotel), they upgraded us to better room. Another problem, When entering the bathroom, there was a horrible smell coming from the drains, almost like NYC street Sewer drain. We accepted defeat and covered all the drains in the bathroom with towels to diffuse the smell. Lucky us...There were more problems: The lobby smelled like strong nail polish remover the entire stay while we were there, the prices were very expensive for drinks (across the street is a mini market buy drinks there) the sauna was broke, the pool's heater wasn't working properly (so it was cold), the buffet wasn't that great (food was luke-warm/cold, and re-cooking some of the empty better dishes apparently was a chore along with taking up allot of time, you'd expect better because of the price you pay), another restaurant was closed on the 20th floor because of renovation, there is no disco/KTV because it hasn't been built yet. Their Internet service is expensive (side note: we found a international hostel across from the railway station for really cheap Internet; use it there (6RMB for an hour) Also upon entering the hotel from the street its all being torn up with construction; it very unappealing (we've should have put two and two together!). Plus upon asking the front desk on how much for making an international phone call they told us the wrong price instead of 10RMB a minute, they told us 1RMB per minute (I even twice asked them if they were sure about the price), so getting a massive phone bill and further aggravation of dealing with management, just put the finishing touches on a very bad hotel stay....perhaps in a year this place will be better.Until then Stay away!!!	
Jan 5 2007	Excellent Breakfast Buffet	Capital Hotel Beijing China Date: March 2006Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member from New JerseyThe breakfast buffet at this hotel was fabulous. They had every food imaginable to eat. My room was huge and comfortable. The hotel lobby is very spacious with some shops on the second floor. The hotel staff spoke english very well and they were very helpful.The hotel is in a good location. If you don't mind walking you can walk almost anywhere from the hotel. If you need bottles of water you can buy them across the street in a little grocery store for very little money. You can also get a good massage (blind massage) across the street too, and it won't cost much either.	
Dec 24 2006 	We will definitely return next year.	After reviewing many hotels on tripadvisor and other sites we were especially happy that it was available through our airline as part of their packages. We wanted a place close to the Forbidden City and this hotel couldn't have been better.The staff was abundant and always looking to be helpful. It has finished a major remodeling and is doubling its size with a new tower. Although it will offer a pool, bowling alley and other activities, who travels 4000 miles to go bowling when a city that offers the history and culture of Beijing is right outside the door.I wandered the streets early in the morning before the crowds awoke and caught the 7:00am raising of the flag at Tienamen Square. I walked two blocks away in the century old huotongs that will soon be replaced as the city continues to modernize.I felt safe at all times with an uniformed security agent nearly always in site.The concierge gladly wrote down the address to everyplace we wanted to visit and called a taxi that took us their for less than $5 US nearly anywhere in the city. We only paid more than that once when returning to the hotel from the zoo at rush hour.The rooms were first class with perhaps a new carpet in the future. There are several restaurants in the hotel and we tried three of them along with the daily breakfast the came with our package. We enjoyed a delicious duck breast over pears on Thanksgiving at the top of the hotel restaurant with a marvelous view of Tienanmen Square lit up at night.The recently open jewelry store on the mezzanine offered an excellent selection of pearls, jade and cloissone that could be bought for the price of the merchants at the Pearl Market without the overwhelming crowds and overanxious vendors.We plan to return next Thanksgiving and will stay at the Capital again.	
Nov 22 2006 	Faded excellance	As our first stop on a trip to China this was not a great introduction. The hotel foyer resembles a cross between a shopping mall and an office block reception area. The staff are amenable but not overly friendly. Allow plenty of time for changing currency, out of all the hotels we stayed at in China we had more forms and took longest doing it here. The rooms are clean, spacious and have good facilities but they have seen better days and the whole place is screaming out for an overhaul.Unexpected high point is the basement bowling alley which was a fun way to pass a few hours. Location is good as you are only 15 minutes leisurely stroll from Tiananmen Square.Breakfast is good with an interesting selection of western and chinese foods on offer.	
Sep 30 2006 	Stayed 1998 not 2002; lovely hotel	Stayed August 1998 (no choice of 1998 in drop down) when hotel was probably very new. It was huge and impersonal but staff were helpful and efficient and our large room was impeccable: Huge bath, separate huge shower, huge superking bed, lots of supplies. If still as good, would recommend unreservedly.	
Sep 25 2006	Great location/room!	This hotel is in a great location for tourists. The staff speak English very well and the lobby has city maps to help you navigate around. The subway is nearby and for two or three yuan, you can take the train right to T. Square or to the shopping district. There's a bank and 711 nearby as well. I used the ATMs which had the plus logo and found it quite easy to use. Oh, and beware of the exorbitant internet charges in the business centre. You'd be better off finding an internet cafe.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great position!	This hotel is centrally located, safe and within walking distance to Tiananmen Square, Wangfujing Street and Forbidden City. It was quite cold when we were there and in 1 out of the 3 rooms we had, the heating was turned up too high and they suggested we open the window to adjust it. Curious comment as was -12 outside! The rooms were spacious, the beds really hard and we were on the 11th floor with a view across the city to the mountains (when you could see through the haze). The toilet in our room was interesting to say the least. It talked to us at night! Don't ask! But still o.k. and showers/bath were hot and clean.Breakfast was not quite &quot;European&quot;. Dinners when eaten there were basic,although the beer was cold. Didn't use the indoor pool which looked clean but smelt of high chlorine levels. Lobby was fine, staff friendly but most had little English language. Using the business centre for emails etc. was a difficult task but got there in the end and was not a cheap option.Enjoyed our stay and this hotel is good value for money if playing tourist.	
Jun 1 2006	Good value good location	Was here for a week. Splendid location, good service, rooms spacious with very nice bathrooms. Definitely a good value for the money though undergoing pool renovation at time of stay.	
May 12 2006	Good Location Breakfast and Staff		
May 10 2006	Excellent hotel reasonable		
Jan 29 2006	We would stay at the Capital Hotel again		
Oct 1 2005	We liked it!		
Sep 12 2005	Well located and Friendly Staff but Room Musty		
May 27 2005	Close to Tiananmen		
Apr 24 2005	Good but.....		
Apr 9 2005	Not at all what it seems!		
Oct 10 2004	Capital in Capital form		
Aug 22 2004	Convenient with reasonable rates		
Aug 28 2009 	???????		
Oct 3 2008 	??????		
Sep 26 2008 	???????		
Jul 11 2007 	Peor que pésimo hotel		
