Nov 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Everything about this hotel is just PERFECT. The staff is attentive, room is spacious, food is delicious and the location is great not so far from the airport with the subway virtually on the doorstep. It is a pleasant and cosy hotel for our October break with our 8 year old who wanted to see the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China. This is no doubt one of the best hotels we have stayed. We will recommend it to anyone any day.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great retreat in a big city	Our stay at the Ritz Carlton Beijing was outstanding. The rooms on the concierge/executive level are spacious, well apppointed and nicely decorated. The staff was tremendously helpful and attentive, they knew us by name by the second day. It was a great place to come back to after a long day exploring Beijing. The mall next door is very nice with good food options. Cab rides to anywhere in Beijing are very inexpensive and the staff will ensure you get where you are going. We would definitely recommend this property without hesitation. It is truly a five star and has the feel of being a boutique hotel with all of the amenities you could possibly want.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent but prefer the JW Marriott next door	Don't get me wrong, the Ritz Carlton is excellent by all means. Just that I had the privilege to stay at its sister hotel JW Marriott which is connected by an underground walkway, on a separate occassion, and felt the rooms looked more spacious than the Ritz Carlton (though according to the website, the Ritz rooms measure slightly bigger). It could be due to the JW Marriott using see-through glass panels for its bathroom wall which separated the bathroom from the bedroom, giving the illusion of a bigger room. Decor-wise, Ritz goes for a elegant Victorian feel while the Marriott is more of a modern dark chic theme.	
Oct 6 2009 	Ritz-Carlton Beijing	Great hotel close to metro station and easy shopping next door very high end stores	
Sep 4 2009 	Just good.	The room was classic Ritz style. Thought I was entering my grandmoms living room! ;-)(excpet for the bed of course) Great bed, clean, phone with LCD screen that welcomes you personally by name (nice touch), beautiful bathroom with TV over the bath, perfect and fast laundry service,....The bellboys speak perfect english and were very friendly. Can not always be said from 5* hotels in China. All in all: it was a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	Truly 5 Stars	I am based in Hong Kong and my job requires that I travel every week. As a result, every week, I end up in a hotel somewhere in Asia. For the most part, these hotels claim to be &quot;5 star.&quot;I spend a fair amount of time in Beijing, but this was the first time I had stayed at this particular Ritz Carlton. For the past 9 years, my BJ hotels of choice have varied between the Grand Hyatt (great location, but getting very tired), the St. Regis (nice, but scarily quiet since last year's renovations), the Ritz Financial Street (also 5 Star but isolated location), the Intercontinental (4 Star at best) and the China World (good, but over rated). I was a bit hesitant to stay at the Ritz Huamao Center, as my colleagues had told me that service was sporadic and the staff were snooty. However, my company gets a terrific corporate rate there, so I thought I'd give it a try. I am so glad that I did.Physically, this hotel really reminded me of the Ritz in Hong Kong, which was torn down last year. The rooms are done in a traditional, European style - unlike most hotels in BJ, which seem to be done in a more modern style. No need for me to comment on which is better, given that's really an issue of personal taste. However, I can say that the one bedroom suite I stayed in was absolutely gorgeous - excellent layout, bright, and in very good condition. All the requisite goodies were present - boase sound system, huge flat screen tvs (plus a bonus tv above the bath tub) , Bulgari amenities, ipod dock.....I peeked into a &quot;regular&quot; room and, in truth, I would have been happy with that too. Larger and more spacious than rooms at many of the other hotels in the same range. The carpet in the halls still smelled new!I found the staff and the service to be consistently excellent. No snootiness at all. From the moment I checked in until I left two days later, I did not meet one unfriendly staff member. Special mention to the Club Floor team - in my mind, the team at the Club Lounge is one of the best ever. Again, the key was consistency - everyone was polite, friendly (in a natural, not plastic, way), discrete and enthusiastically helpful. They were also warm and helpful to the non-hotel guests that I brought up to the Lounge for meetings. Very important in a city where locals are sometimes not treated as nicely as visitors by the service industry.Housekeeping was terrific - Here is one of the extraordinary little touches that impressed me so much.... I am allergic to down feathers, but still like the feeling of resting my head on down pillows. In order to not sneeze, I lay a towel over the pillow before I go to sleep. Although I had never stayed at this Ritz before, each night (even the first one), at turndown, the house keeper laid towels over my pillows without my ever having mentioned my preference for this. I have no idea how he/she knew - I can only surmize that the house keeper was either clairvoyant or someone from another Ritz had put a note in my profile in the chain's database. The thing is, however, that no other Ritz seemed to have bothered to read my profile because no other Ritz - not in Singapore, not in Jakarta, not in Financial Street, not in KL - has ever done this.Others have already given positive comments on the location - I concur. The hotel is in inside an enclosed area, so it's very modern, safe and quiet. But just steps away is the CBD and, if you are travelling on business, it is very convenient to get around - either by car or by public transport. If you are a tourist, this hotel is not as convenient as some, such as the Grand Hyatt or others in the Wangfujiang area, but its still not bad.If you don't want to eat at the hotel, there are lots of other options within a few minutes walk - from all the comfortable Western names like Fauchon and Starbucks to local street stalls around SOHO Newtown . However, I would recommend that guests eat at least one meal at Barolo. It is world class - the menu, creative, but not weirdly so . Salt encrusted rack of lamb! Ahi with truffles! Lemon Panna Cotta! The service is a little tentative, but I assume it will get better as the staff gain confidence over time.I hate sounding like a commercial - and if you look at some of my other reviews, you will see that I am capable of complaint....but I have no complaints about the Ritz Huamao Center. My stay here was a most pleasant surprise - this hotel is the real deal and will be my new address in Beijing.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location Comfortable Rooms Good Service	Stayed at the Ritz Chaoyang for 4 nights in mid-July with my wife. We stayed in a Club room on the 15th floor, found the room quite comfortable. The size of the room is good, there is a sofa, work table, nice decor and very large bathroom. The hotel has character- if you are looking for the modern, Grand Hyatt types, ie dark brown furniture, lots of glass, then don't stay at the ritz chaoyang. the hotel feels a bit european, the drapery, the hall ways, the lighting, the bed etc however it's absolutely modern, just a year old. We were trying to decide between Ritz Fin street vs. Ritz Chaoyang and location was the final determinant. Chaoyang is close to all the sites, Tiananmen, Forbidden Palace, etc and only 1.5 hrs to the Great Wall. There are malls next to the hotel so you can get some food outside of the hotel. Only negative of the stay was room service was not tasty and subpar.We used Peony tours through the hotel for sightseeing, very good tour guide, friendly, her name was Jane - patient, knowledgeable and explained lots of specifics. We used the hotel to arrange the Hutong tour as well, quite enjoyable especially as its outdoors and Beijing in July is very hot. I would def recommend the Club room as u get bfast, and snacks throughout the day at the lounge. We would def stay here again when we go back to Beijing. There is no wifi in the hotel though.	
Jun 23 2009	Barolo in Ritz-Carlton is Beijings best restaurant period.	Fine presentation is met with outstanding flavor. Rome's Chef Alexandro delivers at the Ritz-Carlton's Barolo the best Italian, and perhaps the best restaurant in all of Beijing. Our lamb chops were so tasty; the angel hair with meat sauce (special order accepted) was the best!Manager Fabrizio makes your experience even better with top class service. A must visit for lunch or dinner.	
Apr 12 2009 	Loved it!	What made this property so special was the excellent service displayed by Zoe Zhou and her staff at the Club Level &quot;Club&quot; at the Ritz. It was also nice to see the General Manager greeting people in the Lobby. Everyone in general at the Ritz displayed their eagerness and willingness to assist all guests with a smile. The room and the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was huge. There were only a few things that needed improvement from a rooms perspective: the hot water took some time to kick in, the bathroom goodies were generic (not Bulgari) and you can see some wear on the plaster and chairs already. The location was actually not too bad either. You have 2 Starbucks locations, (pricier than US drinks) right outside your door, the JW Marriott was practically attached to the Ritz , Wal-Mart was a 15 minute walk (a zoo!), Shin Kong Place (high-end mall with food court &amp; grocery) and the subway (Line 1- Dawanglu stop) was also right in the immediate vicinity. However, we pretty much took cabs everyone since it was so inexpensive.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Hotel with Exceptional Service	We stayed at the Ritz for 8 nights and loved everything about it.We stayed on the club level and were treated like family by all the club level employees. The continual Culinary offerings were fantastic,we had hard time venturing out to explore Beijing restaurants,but when we did the staff had great recommendations. The room was spacious and comfortable. All the hotel amenities were flawless. All the city sites are a quick cab ride or a few subway stops away. I would look at no other hotels when staying in Beijing.	
Feb 9 2009 	Jinging in Beijing	Spent Christmas in Beijing. The hotel from an interiors angle, was as you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Although a much more compact version, in terms of lobby and reception. Rooms were spacious enough with a nice sofa built in and plenty of storage space. Certainly enough room to swing a cat as they say. Bathroom were big too. Seperate shower and bath and toilet. All glass partitioned, so may be abit odd if both needs to use one or the other together. His and hers sink.In terms of service, the team were pleasant and efficient enough. Our bookings for tours were dealt with very well. General inquires were met. However, one thing that needs to be improved is the comprehension of English. Sometimes errors do occur because of that. But that only happens with a few of the team. Not all.The breakfast spread was good, with some nice selection of western and asian. Though the asian food seems to come up lacking in one way or another. (I found that this pretty much applies to all hotels. Just something missing.....)One thing which was quite odd was how the staff at the resturant started to clean the area exactly 10.30am on the dot, when people were still eating. They were making all sorts of noises, with plates clanging and cutlery banging and napkins just thrown around. I believe at one stage they even used a 'used' napkin to wipe the tables ! Not something to look forward to when tucking into your food. It really felt quite 'unprofessional', pulling down what is meant to be a 5 star hotel and again this area needs some more training. Actually alot more.Overall, a nice hotel but needs improvements. Would have got a 'Very Good', but because of the negatives, an 'Average' Close to the Metro and some expensive shops around the area.	
Jan 3 2009	The Beijing Ritz- A great experience	Although we traveled in April, I am finally getting around to posting about our China trip. Normally, we prefer to venture on our own, but for China we decided to take an organized tour. After a lot of research, we chose the Pacific Delight tour company- the 13 Day Golden Route Gold Experience (Beijing, Shanghai, Xi’an, Guilin, and Hong Kong). We chose this company based on the small group size and the upgraded hotels. And what a fabulous time we had. The tour was great- there were only twelve people in our group and our guide was efficient and knowledgeable. In Beijing, we stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Beijing for three nights. Since it was April, we benefited a lot from the build-up/clean-up for the Olympics, without the crowds. :-) Ha. The hotel had only been open for a few months, was beautifully appointed and oh so clean and shiny. It’s located very close to a high-end shopping mall and, for die-hard Starbucks fans, there is one located steps away from the hotel. After check in, since we had just spent 17 hours travelling, we were pretty tired. So we took a walk through the mall and ate dinner in one of the nice restaurants there. We made a good choice and were pretty pleased with our first meal in China. Unfortunately, the hotel seemed pretty far away from the other places we wanted to go to in Beijing, making it kind of inconvenient to just hop in a taxi to explore for a short period of time.The rooms were spacious and the beds, pillows, and linens were very comfortable. This became important, since my body decided not to sleep a full night for my entire stay. I was able to lie comfortably and watch tv, which was a nice-sized flat screen. The bathrooms were also very big. We did have one small glitch with the bathroom. The shower was glass-enclosed, separating it from the toilet, which was also glass-enclosed. When we would shower, the water would seep into the toilet area. We had to roll up a towel and lay it along the bottom so that the toilet area did not flood. Other than that, our room was perfect. Housekeeping was very attentive. We called for transformers and they were there within three minutes. A second call for plug adapters had the same quick response. The hotel was absolutely beautiful, and the rest of the staff we encountered were polite and provided superb customer service. One of our favorite places in a hotel when we are on vacation is the hotel bar. We always have a cocktail or two at the end of the night to wind down and recap the day. Although, Beijing is relatively inexpensive, we were at the Ritz and paid Ritz prices. The bar/lounge was very comfortable, with several types of seating arrangements. They provide nibblers to go along with your drinks, played different music each night, and the bar staff was very attentive without being obtrusive.We did not spend too much time at the hotel, but our Peking Duck dinner was scheduled there. The food was delicious, but the service was kind of confused. In the end, all was well. I attribute that to the newness of the hotel and them still working out a couple of the kinks. Breakfasts were large buffets that were elaborate, multi-cultural and pretty satisfying. The same for the other dinner buffet. As with any buffet, there were some foods that were much better than others. But, it allowed you to try different types of foods, without completely committing.What we did in Beijing: Tiananmen Square; Forbidden City’s Imperial Palace with jewelry section; Summer Palace; Beijing Duck dinner party; The Great Wall; Cloisonné Factory; Hutong tour via pedicab; Drum Tower; visit with local Siheyuan family; Temple of Heaven. Our favorite was the awesomeness of the Great Wall. The least favorite: the peddlers- they are everywhere and will swarm around you (even on the Great Wall). If you ignore them, they won’t bug you as much. However, we had a couple who bought from everyone and peddlers were relentless. The traffic is crazy. We had great bus drivers, but even they got into situations that would make your hair stand on end. And many of the places we went to were just opportunities for them to sell something (cloisonné, local family visit).	
Dec 31 2008 	A great hotel for Beijing.	Having read some of the other reviews I'd like to make a few points. Firstly the location is indeed set away from the tourist areas, it's in a business district but only 5 stops on the Metro / Subway to the Forbidden City and the fare is 0.20 EUR. The station is outside the hotel, the trains are frequent, clean and it's an interesting experience. Why take a taxi and get caught up in the traffic? Secondly the hotel is in China so English is not their first language. Of course some staff will have a better grasp than others, however, the staff here are way above average in their language skills so don't worry.The hotel is very new and well furnished. Rooms are of a good size but in some aspects the finish is not perfect but during our stay there was plenty of repainting going on now that the building has settled.The spa and pool are first class, whilst the pool is not the size of a public swimming pool it does not need to be as it is seldom busy.Breakfast offers a huge selection but is a little pricey. The hotel restaurants offer a good standard with Italian themed 'Barolo' being particularly notable and I believe has won an award already. Drinks are not cheap as is usual in China so bring a bottle or two of wine from duty free if you like to indulge in a nightcap.Enjoy!	
Nov 29 2008	More than 5 stars hotel	Fisrt, it has a very good location. Near a big shopping mall with premium brands.Second, it's a very classic property with atentive staff.The rooms are big and with very good ameneties. A huge plasma, one big and very confortable bed with a wide range of pillows. The open bed service leaves a french chocolate and a bottle of water. To work in the room, you have everything you need. The bathroom has a shower with (imagine) a feet suport so that's easy to eash your legs. Perfect.The breakfast and meals have a very high standard. Despite the main restaurant isn't so trendy and modern, it assembles like a french brasserie. The staff is very professional and willing to help you. The is a wide variety of food, from japanese, to indian, chinese and western. The sushi is great !It's definetly one of the best if not the best hotel i've ever stayed at.	
Nov 16 2008 	Nice in Beijing	We stayed here after the Olympic rush for pleasure and found the Ritz Carlton to be very comfortable. The service is very professional--we were constantly greeted and asked if we needed anything. Although the decor is very traditional Victorian the hotel is actually almost brand new--rooms are quite spacious, and the usual high end comfort items are here (towels, cosmetics, robes/slippers, etc.). We found the king bed to be very comfortable and, thankfully for the jet lagged, the sound insulation worked well. Our package included the buffet breakfast downstairs next to the lobby and we found it to be quite good, except for some rough spots (the asian dishes tended to be better than the Western food--cardboard pancakes and burned waffles??). It's located next to Shin Kong shopping mall, the hot &quot;it&quot; place for shoppers. You've got to eat in the restaurant floor upstairs where some of the best food in Beijing is located. There's a branch of Din Tai Fung--soup dumpling heaven!!--along with several other excellent restaurants. The hotel is located approximately 20 minutes by car from the Forbidden City and Tiannemen square, and the subway system is just around the corner, so the location is quite convenient. Overall we found the hotel to be very nice, perhaps not 5 star, but in Beijing it's probably the best combination of comfort, class, and location.	
Oct 14 2008 	fantastic stay	Stayed here for 8 nights in June during a business trip to China. It was all around a fantastic experience! The hotel is relatively new (opened at the end of 2007?) and the cab driver had a hard time finding it. However, if you mention XinGuang tiandi (or in English shinkong-place), which is the high-end shopping complex nearby, they should be able to find it much more easily.The hotel staff is wonderful, courteous, helpful and very prompt to attend to your needs. The room is very spacious (compared to the Shanghai Portman Ritz) and the bathroom is spotless and very modern, with glass/marble and LCD TV at your feet when you are taking a bath. Breakfast buffet is a wide array of western food as well as traditional Chinese breakfast, good selection. Ritz sets a high standard that's difficult to surpass.	
Sep 14 2008 	Refined and elegant but is this the right location?	The main reason we booked the Ritz Carlton was because we were seduced by photos of the decor... which does not try to be too obviously Chinese. Instead, the designers have opted to go with touches of Chinoiserie, which make is very refined and elegant. We were certainly not disappointed and there were actually few things to fault about the hotel. Our room was really fantastic—very big, very comfortable, very refined, with lots of beautiful details. The bathroom was great and very luxurious (although having the toilet simply behind a glass partition is not necessarily that practical if there are two of you!). We used the laundry service a couple of times and it was really efficient. The breakfast selection is also really incredible—among the best we've ever experienced (and we've travelled a lot). The service overall was also the best that we experienced throughout China. The only question mark about this hotel for me would be its location. It's situated in a new district to the east of the city (near the 4th Ring Road), where there are lots of luxury boutiques. We were there just after the Olympics and the system of alternate number plates was still in place. So, there wasn't too much traffic on the roads and it took us only about 20–25 minutes to get to Tian'anmen Square in a taxi. However, once all the cars are back on the streets, I reckon the that location could be a little more problematic. Solely for that reason, if we went back, we'd probably try the Grand Hyatt, which is so much more conveniently situated for the tourist sights.	
Sep 5 2008 	A Gold Medal Stay!	I stayed here while covering the Olympic games. Although this Ritz isn't as elegant as others I've visited, the staff is amazing!I was blown away by the Chinese hospitality. It eceeded my expectations in every way. The restaurant offers many choices and many different types of cuisine. The exercise room was well equipped. The property is very nice and well cared for.The interiors and room decor could use an update, but it was very comfortable. The staff is the BEST reason to stay here. They take Ritz-Carlton's usual excellence and kick it up a notch. I reccommend this hotel if you're ever in Beijing.	
Aug 17 2008 	Devoid of Character: Don't Forget Your Phrasebook	Stayed during the opening weekend of the Olympics, so perhaps some allowances should be made for a full hotel and an excitable clientele. But at $850 a night, I am not so sure.The hotel is in the middle of what? A faceless, souleless zone of high rises and high-end shops peddling international branded items at super inflated prices. No character, no thought to planning and as memorable as an airport terminal. Nothing intrinsically wrong but nothing particularly right. The well established faux English furnishings seemed completely out of place in this anonymous environment. Comfortable but depressing. Finish was poor, everything slid off the bathroom shelf, bath tiles cracked and not properly fixed. Walls were paper thin. Not built to last.Lobby is designed to keep people out being very small but then of course becomes very crowded as there is nowehere else to wait.Had a very poor and expensive dinner at the Aroma restaurant. Food indifferent and appaling wines from a very limited list at an average price of $130 a bottle. Not much better at breakfast. But what a contrast at Barolo, the hotel's Italian restaurant which was superb under the tutored eye of Ronnie Rizzi and his German-Greek co-maitre whose name I didn't catch but who supervised a great dining experience.Pool meets the length test (25 metres) but narrow as a strand of spaghetti so seemed full with only a couple of other swimmers. Wet part of the spa: steam etc was good and had a large terrace from which to survey the bland tower scape.However, the biggest failing was that the staff were not that well trained and English was a real struggle as is my Mandarin. Simple requests either didn't get met or had to be presented in a variety of ways to build an understanding. Willing but not very capable.Calling the concierge was immensely frustrating as they never answered the phone, particularly important as I was outside the hotel and needed to change pick-up times. This happened repeatedly. Not good enough.Hotel transfer to the airport is twice the price of the Peninsula: RMB 1460 vs 700 in an Audi 6 vs a BMW 7 series and it's closer, so how does that work?All in all a disappointing experience and management just weren't ready for the Big Event.	
Aug 17 2008 	Worthy of all the praise and more!	We mirror the same general &quot;luxurious hotel, professional staff&quot; comments as other reviews:- TRUE - most taxi's will not know where the hotel is if you simply say &quot;Ritz Carlton&quot; ... recommend you print out the name &amp; address in Chinese before you go to get from airport to hotel, then get the hotel business card for later taxi rides:?? :???????????? 83 ? ?? 100025 ?? - Taxi from airport to hotel was approximately 70 RMB (approx $10) and took 30 minutes with no traffic- Short walking distance (5-10 minutes) to the metro station ... the &quot;DaWangLu&quot; stop is just across the street via Shin Kong Place shopping center ... a 1-way ticket including all transfers was only 2 RMB (approx .25 cents!) - Internet and Wifi in the hotel are pricey, but there are little cafe's across the street in the China Central Place that offer it at no cost (i.e. SPR Coffee and Red Cuppa, which also offer light sandwich-style meals and coffee)- There's a 7/11 across the street on the same pathway as the SPR Coffee; you can pick up local treats (dim sum, hard boiled egg in soy sauce, etc), water/sodas and quick to-go meals, very inexpensively!- Top notch business equipment in the room: a drawer full of cables and such; mini-stapler/paper clips/post-its/etc; a console with built-in plug adapters (i.e. for your cell phone, camera) - ADVISE: no 3-prong outlets - Here are a handful of our picks for day &amp; nightlife (see our detailed reviews by name in Tripadvisor): &quot;Jin&quot; rooftop bar at the Emperor Hotel; the GreenT House restaurant; Da Dong Roast Duck restaurant; a stroll through the Nan Luo Gu Hutongs near Beihai Park; hike the Great Wall from Jinshanling to Simatai! Happy travels!	
Aug 7 2008 	Superlative experience all round great staff	I was initially booked in elsewhere (Raffles Beijing) but it sounded like it was trading on its reputation so i did some homework on here and thanks to a detailed review by somebody who sounds as picky as me i chose the ritz carlton. note there are two in beijing. this is the newer one, opened in q4 2007 or q1 2008. anyhow.....the location is OK, chaoyang, right next to a v upmarket shopping centre, but quiet and has nice fountains etc in front of it. from the moment i arrived i never regretted my choice once. had a club room which means permanent access to the club floor with free internet, food, coffee, drinks etc which was v convenient altho obviously you dont want to spend all day there with so many fine places to eat in beijing. room big good bathroom, usual ritz carlton standard. great views. pool on top floor superb and usually empty when i was there. spa and gym also very good indeed. but most importantly the staff were just soooooo helpful and friendly. nothing too much trouble, all smiles and ni haos.everyone knows your name somehow pretty much from the moment you arrive. i am a very tough customer and i did not want to leave. i was so impressed i even sent the manager a gushing email before i left telling him he is doing a great job and that i will return. now that is something i have NEVER done before and i have probably stayed in 80% of the top 100 hotels in the world. Literally couldn't find anything to fault. Hilariously, on leaving Beijing I passed the Raffles Beijing where i was initially booked. Due to the Olympics and the fact that the IOC was staying there there was a police cordon round the whole place and tanks, yes big real tanks on the lawn outside. Nice. A lucky escape!	
Jun 21 2008 	Ritz Carlton Beijing	I had to attend a conference at the last minute. The conference was being held in the hotel itslef so i booked a room for two nights. I currently live in Singapore and am originally from India. Having experienced hotels in both these countries and other countries, this was by far my best experience. The staff were excellant and courteous. Service levels were by far the best i have come across. The room was fabulous. The great part of this hotel is that eventhough you may go there for a conference, unless you are in the conference room itself, you will not feel that there is a conference on. This is a great feeling especially when you return to your room and you feel you are on a vacation! Great place.	
Jun 8 2008	The service the rooms the location - fantastic	Thr Ritz Carlton Beijing at China Central Place is fantastic. Service was absolutely stellar. We live in Beijing and often go for weekends &quot;away&quot; in the city. This is now our favorite spot and highly recommend it for anyone who likes a luxury hotel with personalized service and a terrific location. Can't say enough great things about this Ritz.	
Jun 6 2008 	Ritz Carlton always the Top notch service	Excellent service as always. We met a housekeeping director (I asked some info from her before our stay) whom has prepared me with maps, helped me to book table for the famous beijing duck, all these totally exceeding our expectations, and which was something we should not expect from her dept, but she did it for us.The breakfast was good, the environment was peaceful even though there were some group tours staying. The hotel situated in a modern area where new shopping malls were around, so there's no problem to have food outside the hotel and offer easy access to subway station, it will be even more so when the underground walkway is opened for quicker access.I n fact, its surrounding area reminded me of Ritz Carlton Tokyo where the environment was clean and with easy access to malls, subway. Although the hotel itself was of relatively small size, compared to Ritz at Tokyo. Overall, it was a great stay and we absolutely enjoyed the quality service that Ritz Carlton hotel has always maintained.	
May 29 2008	paradise in busy Beijing	We recently returned from a 5 night stay at the new Ritz-Carlton Beijing (not the Financial street Ritz-Carlton). It was a superb hotel, very small by Beijing standards (305 rooms). It was 5 star all the way. No negatives. Easy and inexpensive to get taxis to center of city.	
Mar 26 2008 	This is a fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for 4 nights during March of 2008. The rooms were huge, very clean and kitted out nicely (ours had a massive LCD TV!). The beds were comfortable, the staff pleasant and the facilities second to none (the swimming pool on the top floor is perfect for a leisurely dip after a long days sight-seeing!).The only problem we encountered was that few (if any) taxi drivers new of the hotels existence!!! This is no doubt a result of the massive redevelopment currently being undertaken in Beijing and i'm sure this will change with time.	
Mar 23 2008 	Modern European splendor in the midst of Beijing	I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Beijing at Chaoyang District with 4 other friends. We booked the Club Floor - one Suite and one Deluxe Room. Both rooms were of large size, very comfortable and well appointed with all the modern amenities you would expect of a 5 star business luxury hotel. Getting to the hotel however, can be a bit of a challenge as many taxi drivers do not know where the hotel is located. The trick is to tell them that the hotel is behind the new &quot;Shin Kwan Tian Di&quot; shopping mall, which is just opposite the &quot;DaWangLu&quot; Train Station. The Ritz Carlton stands next to the equally good looking and new JW Marriott Hotel. The staff at the Rtiz Carlton are exemplary, always trying their best to meet all your needs and more. Perhaps this is because the hotel is still relatively new (it opened only in Dec 2007) and trying to impress. When I was there, I was surprised to see some tour groups staying in the hotel - this made the small lobby noisy and rather chaotic at times. Perhaps the hotel management would reconsider having large tour groups stay in the hotel especially since the hotel itself is a smallish to medium sized establishment catering to a primarily upmarket and discerning clientele. Having said that, I would definitely stay here again the next time I'm in Beijing.	
Mar 16 2008 	Excellent for Business Trips	Stayed in Ritz-Carlton during my recent business trip to Beijing, the hotel is the place to stay, I have been to China before, stayed in other 5 star hotels but The Ritz-Carlton, Beijing is much more luxurious than I expected, staff were so friendly and helpful, the swimming pool on the 17th floor together with the Sauna and the Gym makes it worth the stay. The restaurant on the ground floor had the best breakfast I had ever tried. I would definitely recommend it to my friends	
Mar 3 2008 	Outstanding	We stayed at the Ritz Carlton Beijing (not Financial) for 3 nights and had an amazing experience there. The hotel is fairly new and we experienced incredible service. The room itself was very large and the bathroom was huge! Complimentary bottled water is left for you every day, which came in handy while touring Beijing. After a full day of sight seeing and shopping, it was always nice to know that you would be returning to a calm, relaxing, home away from home.The breakfast buffett was plentiful with a variety of options. Service is a little too over the top, in that as soon as you are done with a plate the servers hover by to take it away. Still can't complain though.As mentioned by another reviewer, due to the hotel being very new, taxi drivers had a hard time finding the place. The directions cards that the hotel provides are unclear somehow to the drivers, so would recommend asking concierge to write down directions in Chinese vs. English. I definitely recommend staying here and hope to revisit on our next trip to Beijing!	
Feb 24 2008 	brand new luxury hotel.	It was pleasant stay in this hotel. Since this is still a brand new hotel in that area, it could be helpful if you tell the driver this hotel is very close to a Mariott (Wang hao)and right behind the shopping mall(Hua mao). Our driver asked at least 3 people to get us to the door.We were addressed by last name from doorman, front desk, and all phone communication during the entire stay. We did enjoy their breakfest buffet and fitness center very much. The interior design was excellent. My son who is 3 years old loved the plasma TV with DVD player. The big bath tub is a perfect swimming pool for him. The only problem we had was calling for help before 7:30am. We were up very early due to the jet lag. The operator tried to connect us to 3 different departments when we asked where can we get the SIM card for the cell phone. It appeared to be too early to get a person to help us. After 8am, we did talk to the front desk.We will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Un oasis escondido		
Sep 27 2009 	???????!!??????		
Jun 10 2009 	????????????????		
