	Incredible hotel - amazing spa	The worst possible thing happened to us at this hotel. We didn't discover the spa until the morning we were checking out. I almost cried. It was incredible. Please, go there as soon as you check in. It would be an amazing way to end the day each day in Beijing.The bed was firm and linens amazing. We slept better than we had in ages. Which was also too bad because we had to get up early to go to the Great Wall. The concierge can arrange for an English-speaking guide and driver to take you to the Wall (or anywhere) for not much money. Even though we didn't get to sleep much it was well worth it.We also wanted to have Peking Duck when we were in Beijing and the guide books all recommended &quot;Made In China&quot; which is a restaurant at the hotel. We were a bit skeptical because usually hotel restaurants suck - but maybe that's only in the USA. I did notice a lot of hotel restaurants in Asia were multi-starred or really superb. Anyway - the Peking Duck at &quot;Made in China&quot; is phenomenal. So is everything else on their menu. We also got a couple really spicy dishes that were awesome.Beijing is enormous. We thought we could walk to the Forbidden City, and the square, but in reality it wasn't so close. But taxis are cheap. One day we were in a cab for like 30min and it was only like $3.Also, the pollution in Beijing is disgusting. You really can't see more than two blocks.The Grand Hyatt is one of the nicest, most comfortable hotels I've ever stayed in. A great place to come back to after exploring Beijing.	
Nov 24 2009 	Nothing Special	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for one night on business. Check in was subpar since there was a long queue and only one staff member looking after the total front desk. I had to go up and request they get somebody else out to speed up the check in process. The room was average. It had all the basics but for a Grand Hyatt you would expect a much more updated room. The room and bathroom were clean. Location is great.	
Nov 13 2009 	Outstanding service great location room getting a little dated though	I was very impressed with the Grand Hyatt. It has an outstanding location on China Avenue close to a number of businesses. Tianamen square, Forbidden city and Silk market are all very close by. I was most impressed with the staff. I found every person I met and interacted with were friendly, and courteous. All had very strong English skills and were very helpful with all my questions. Morning buffet was a great way to start the day and had a great mix of Chinese and Western foods available. I requested a king bed and initially they couldn't accomodate when I checked in but the front desk staff were very helpful and put me in a larger suite room at the same rate. Not much pushing at all from my end.Only small down-side were the rooms which were a little dated (at least on the 6th floor, not sure where they might be on their renovations). Bed's very comfortable and bathrooms were quite nice so not a big negative, just felt a little old. Very clean and meticulous. Given the rates which were quite reasonable though, not sure I would want to pay more for the update.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	Top Notch Hotel	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing for 6 nights October 28 through November 3. We chose the hotel for its location, previous reviews, and the fact that we could get a family suite so our 23 year old daughter could have her own space. We were not disappointed. We made arrangements for the hotel to meet us at the airport..we were met as we walked off the international flight, helped through customs and immigration, and whisked out a &quot;back&quot; door into a waiting car. Upon checking in we were asked if we would like to upgrade to the Regency Club and we decided to go for it. Excellent choice! We had breakfast each day, use of internet, concierge services, and in the evening they had enough food out to make it a light dinner complete with wine, beer, champagne, coffee and tea. There were several evenings we were just too tired to head out again and didn't want to pay for the hotel restaurants. The service was excellent..I could get used to this :) Our room was perfect. It had 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, a living room and kitchen area ( no utensils but I guess they must have them upon request). Corner room and very quiet. The spa and pool area is wonderful. We each had massages which was great. The hotel helped arrange a tour guide and driver for us to the Great Wall...David was great and we hired him privately for the next day as well. We ate in 2 of the restaurants. Both meals were good..the first night was upstairs in the more casual location and we had noodle dishes and the other was in their well known restaurant Made in China. We pre-ordered Peking Duck. Very good. Peking Duck is excellent and the restaurant was fun because if you are seated close enough you can watch them cook. The Regency Club concierge arranged for a driver back to the airport where again we were greated and helpedt ocheck-in, and they arranged with the Hyatt Regency in Hangzhou to pick us up at the other end......they were ready and waiting at the door!!! I have never felt so special in a hotel. Yes, it is expensive, we dont' usually travel this way, but so worth it for this trip. I highly recommed this hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Outstanding Service from Beijing Grand Hyatt Staff!	Five weeks in China and Southeast Asia was a trip we had planned for more than two years. We signed up for a group land tour of China and a cruise thru Southeast Asia. We scheduled three extra days in Beijing independently to get over jet lag, visit sights not covered by the group tour, and shop at the Pearl and Silk Markets.Normally, we avoid large American hotels in foreign countries. We prefer smaller, local hotels, B &amp; B’s, inns - where you can mingle and meet residents of the country. However, we knew that in China, we would be at a huge disadvantage because we did not read or speak Mandarin. After careful research, we chose the Beijing Grand Hyatt Hotel. This was an excellent choice and the Grand Hyatt met all our travel needs.First – the Grand Hyatt’s staff, (from the doormen, reception, telephone operators), all spoke excellent English. We are not ‘ugly Americans’ who expect the entire world to speak and understand English, but we found that most of Asia has not dealt with many visitors from the west. Our taxi ride from Beijing Airport was 35 minutes of uncomfortable silence. Luckily, we had printed off the name and address of the hotel in Chinese. The hotel is very helpful by providing Chinese/English business address cards and writing out in Chinese, tourist sites you want to visit. The hotel caters to western businessmen and tourists, so everyone we came in contact with had a good grasp of the English language. We spent three weeks touring China, and no other hotel (and these were all 5 star hotels) had staff members who were as fluent in English. They might have one or two members who are fluent, but if they are off-duty, a game of charades ensues. It is easier to convert currency, ask for extra towels or pillows, eat in hotel restaurants or make other common requests. The Grand Hyatt staff members are friendly, and seem to anticipate your needs. One cloudy morning, I asked a doorman if he thought it would rain later in the day. He said he would check for me. He left and returned with a weather forecast and a hotel umbrella which he said I could use for the day. No fee, no name request nor hotel room number collected. This genuine concern to make our visit pleasant occurred more than once during our stay.Second – the rooms are very large. A very hard, king size bed, armchair and ottoman, mini bar, and refrigerator are in each room. The room is worthy of 5 stars. The hotel has 825 rooms, but the hotel does not feel immense.Third – the hotel is on a major Beijing boulevard, but sits way back from the traffic, so you do not hear traffic noise. The location is two blocks from the Forbidden City and is close to other central Beijing tourist venues. There is a very large upscale mall beneath the hotel, and the hotel is located at one end of the Wangfujing Pedestrian Shopping Street. There are plentiful shops and restaurants around the hotel. The convenient Wangfujing subway stop is located under the hotel.Fourth – check out the hotel web site for room specials. We were able to sign up for a “stay 2 nights and pay for 1” special that Hyatt Hotels was running at the time. We did not have an upper floor ‘Club’ room, but breakfast for two was included. The all you can eat breakfast buffet had western, as well as Asian choices. This included eggs, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, eggs, omelets, cereal, Chinese dumplings, noodles, rice, duck, fish, chicken, congee, soup, fresh fruit, pastries, juices, coffee, and tea. This was a great deal, because the breakfast alone costs more than $40 US/person. Try to get breakfast included in your room rate. We did not care to eat in the expensive hotel restaurants.Final comments – the Chinese government dictates the currency exchange rate. Therefore, the rates available in the hotel are the same rates available at the local banks. The hotel does not charge a fee to convert money, where the airport exchange centers do charge a fee. The hotel exchange rate was much higher than what we had gotten in the USA. If you exchange too many US dollars into Chinese currency (yuans), you need to save your receipt. The receipt is proof that you exchanged money in China. However, you cannot reconvert the yuans back into US dollars at the hotel, it has to be done @ the international airport when you leave China (and pay a fee). The Grand Hyatt currency exchange services are at the front desk and it was convenient to change money as you needed at the front desk, instead of looking for a bank (especially on the weekend or during the 8 day national holiday in October when banks were closed).Two free bottles of water are brought to your room daily, since the tap water is not potable. You can use it to brush your teeth as long as you do not swallow. We purchased additional bottles of water from the small grocery store in the Oriental Plaza Mall underneath the hotel.China is on a different voltage system than the USA. The Grand Hyatt offers both voltage systems. We suspect the reason is because the hotel’s clientele are mostly western visitors.The hotel claims to have a fantastic indoor swimming pool. We never saw the pool. We were too tired from touring Beijing. We cannot comment on it.We would highly recommend the Beijing Grand Hyatt because of their friendly staff, location, ambience, and hotel amenities. Bravo to them for a job well done!	
Nov 8 2009 	Great hotel great location	Because it was my first trip to Beijing, I elected to have the hotel organize a car to collect me from the airport. This was a really good move - they met me at the plane, escorted me through passport control &amp; customs and then used a VIP channel out to a special car-park where the limousine was waiting. Would definitely recommend this to anyone travelling to mainland China for the first time, as taxi drivers don't always have much English.Hotel location is great, about 5-10mins walk from the Forbidden City (which you have to visit!)Reception process not perfect: although my bag was picked up from the car and taken to concierge, there was a queue at check-in which lasted almost 10mins, with just two or three staff handling customers. For a luxury hotel there should NEVER be a wait like that. When I got to the desk, I was told that my Club Room meant I needed to check in upstairs at the Club Floor, but bizarrely without an escort I would not be able to get up there as the elevators were key-operated. So the guy from the front desk came with me, meaning presumably an even longer wait for anyone behind me trying to check in. Bad planning, anyone? Since the hotel had arranged the car, they knew when I was due to arrive, so what SHOULD have happened was that when I was met at the hotel, I could have been escorted straight upstairs.Room itself was nice - a mini-suite, with living area separated from sleeping area by a sliding screen. Internet access was expensive here, something I resent since I'm certain everyone staying here needs it and the hotel was not at all cheap.I didn't get much of a chance to use the leisure facilities, unfortunately, although I did have an in-room massage which was pretty good.The Chinese restaurant is excellent - we had a vast array of dishes including the Peking Duck, everything was cooked to perfection. I'm told it's one of the best Peking Ducks in Beijing.Breakfast in the Club lounge was also fine.Drinks in the lobby were very expensive - something like RMB 120 ($20) for a glass of wine.	
Nov 5 2009 	Perfect in every way!	Great central location, incredible hotel. Pool, spa, fitness center, food -- all were perfect. Very elegant and worth the stay. We stayed on executive level where breakfast, drinks, appetizers (enough for dinner!) and internet are comped. Well worth it.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good Hotel in a Good Location	This hotel has a great location within walking distance of Tian'an Men Square and the Forbidden City. It is even closer to Wangfujing an the night market. The staff were mostly helpful and friendly albeit language in China is frequently a problem. Our room was a decent size (family suite) although the decor was getting a little dated. The restaurants were also good and the swimming pool and leisure facilities were fantastic. Highly recommended.	
Nov 2 2009 	If only the check in wasnt a pain...	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 4 nights last month. It is a great hotel. Location is great (only a mile from the Forbidden City), has plenty of shopping around, silk market is about 10 mins away by cab, restaurants are solid - i read some people saying that ehy arent cheap...but it is a 5 star hotel so do you really expect? The concierge was very good at getting my group last mintue dinner reservations and service from housekeeping and in room dining was also great. Everything was pointing to a 5 star review...and it would have been if it wasnt for the check in. I booked a non-smoking king and when I arrived I was told that I hadnt reserved a non-smoking room and that they didnt have any avaliable. Long story short...15 minutes of me pushing back...well I had my non-smoking king. I can accept that mistakes can be made...but this exact same situation also happened to a colleague of mine who was on the same trip. Long and short...I would stay here again. But I wouldnt expect it to be 100% hassle free.	
Nov 2 2009 	Suites - go for the Club floor!	The hotel has two types of suites - worlds apart! The renovated suites are on the Club floors (17 and 18th) - these are modern, well appointed, comfortable, and pleasant to stay in. Thoroughly enjoyed my time there. The other suites on the other floors (16th floor and below) date to the original opening of the hotel circa 2001 - they are worn, feels dated and not at all pleasant. Well worth paying the additional charge to be on the Club floor (approx USD50 more), and enjoy daily breakfast and all-day refreshments.	
Oct 30 2009 	I will stay no where else...	LOCATION- A 10min walk to Wangfujin (shopping area), and 20min walk to Tianmen and Forbidden Palace... what can I ask for?- Malls connected to the hotel dinner and high-end shopping.SERVICE &amp; STAFF- Good, friendly...ROOM/TOILET &amp; CLEANLINESS- Room is clean- Bed is comfortable, slept real well ! - Cleanliness of bathroom is great, amenities will supplied. If only they provide bath salt for the tub.FOOD- Selection was ok, local and western - Food is generally tasty... OTHERS- The in-door pool is impressive, bring along your swim suit. The kids would love it.RECOMMENDATIONGreat hotel... stay no where else	
Oct 28 2009 	Very impressive Lobby but Small room	Great location . Surrounded with designer shops which do not interest me but if you like that kind of shops , it is an excellent location. Too far to walk to the Forebidden City yet too close to hire texi . Hotel staff speak some English and are eager to help but beware of the texi driver. Make sure they turn on the meter. The down side is room is small and carpet is worn out. Expensive internet. No freebee here.Breakfast is $35US per person. Great breakfast with Chinese and Western choices. If you don't care for the big breakfast , you can buy cheaper breakfast right at the mall (one escaletor down from the hotel basement ) food level. Very safe hotel. Wonderful pool and great work out area. Hotel restaurants are very expensive even for North American standard.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great hotel with an excellent location	One of the best located hotels in Beijing. Tiananmen Square very close.Service is excellent. Great for conferences. Food at restaurants and for catering both great.	
Oct 15 2009 	Worth Every Penny...the Grand Hyatt is Grand	We booked the Grand Hyatt because we could get two rooms and the pool looked amazing. We were not disappointed! Our children are ages 6 and 3 and had a blast staying at this hotel. We were able to check out children's movies every night for them to watch and of course the pool was amazing. There is a portion specifically designed for children (or so it seems) because it is the perfect depth for playing and it is enclosed so that no one can accidentally end up in the deeper water.The staff was so friendly and helpful. We decided to book the hotel and plan our tours from the concierge desk. This turned out to be a great decision and we were able to do everything we wanted to do.Another bonus for us, was the mall below the hotel. There were several Western style restaurants, including McDonalds that made our kids happy too.I also visited the spa and the service was excellent!We are already planning a return trip!	
Oct 11 2009 	Not Totally Grand	From the majority of reviews I thought this hotel was going to be close to perfect. It really wasn't. Having business in Beijing we stayed here for five nights. First thing to realize is that this is a large hotel and very busy. At times the lobby is like Grand Central Station, crowded and noisy. The hotel does have good security and our room was clean and included a small kitchen, but the view out of the windows was of a tall office building directly across. This made the room fairly dark most of the time. The hotel is located over a mall with many shops and a great food court. This is where you should go to eat, especially breakfast. The hotels buffet breakfast is a rip off at $30 a person. Just basic food choices, nothing special for that much money. Just go down to the food court in the mall where there are some very good bakeries. Also, know that they charge per minute for the internet in your room, up to almost $20 per day extra. This just seems cheap on their part especially when the rooms are as expensive as they are. The workers at the hotel are all very nice and helpful. Walking to the Forbidden City does take between 15 and 20 minutes, but there are plenty of taxis available to go anywhere.	
Sep 26 2009 	service service service.....	I stayed at the Beijing Grand Hyatt for four nights. I had a lovely suite, and the location is perfect. The study and the tea available in the kitchen were especially nice (pictures). I stay in five-star hotels more than 60 nights each year and what stands out at the Grand Hyatt is service. The hotel was almost full...800 of the 825 rooms taken...but the service was still impeccable. I wanted tickets for a concert at the National Theatre. I couldn't find a seating chart online, so I asked the concierge. They didn't have a seating chart either, but the fellow immediately made a phone call, took copious notes, and then explained the rows and the locations for the various ticket prices. This is not the type of service one expects in China. It happened to be my birthday one day. As I left the executive club after breakfast, one of the staff greeted me with &quot;Happy Birthday, Mr. .......&quot; Of course they had taken a copy of my passport, but this personal greeting hadn't happened before. Later that afternoon a birthday cake was delivered to my room. (picture) Throughout my stay, whenever I asked a question and the staff member didn't have an immediate answer, there was the response to find out...not merely to say they didn't know or make up something. Service was attentive without being overbearing. The staff seemed well trained and knew their jobs. Moreover one had the sense that they felt proud of their hotel rather than being worried about making a mistake. Pleasing the guest seemed to please the staff. This attitude is the exception in China.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location comfortable good service	We enjoyed our four nights in the Grand Hyatt, located a fifteen minute walk from Tiananmen Square (i.e. ‘nearby’ by Beijing standards), and a great location for tourists and those doing business with the government. The hotel is in the centre of a large shopping mall, office and apartment complex and close to some of the city’s best restaurants. A curiously inconvenient feature is that it is 40 + step climb up from the street. We found our initial Club room and the upgrade offered rather poky but were very pleased with the spacious suite proposed at a small ‘promotional’ premium when we complained. Decor in the bedrooms and public areas is bland and austere with a wood and marble theme and not a hint that we are in China.The Club facilities are excellent and all the staff we dealt with there and elsewhere were efficient and friendly. We had a good dinner in Made in China, the hotel’s Chinese restaurant.The facilities in the fitness centre are comprehensive but the pool decor borders on kitsch (not exceptional in contemporary China!).The airport arrival and departure service is expensive but greatly eases the experience.There were a few irritants, including pay-as-you-go internet access, but overall this is a well run and comfortable place to stay.Recommended - but check the room size and layout.Tip – eat lunch or dinner in Jing, a really good ‘fusion’ restaurant in the nearby Peninsula, also worth considering as an alternative place to stay.	
Sep 25 2009 	Grand Hyatt disappoints...	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt to attend a conference; had it been for another reason, I would have moved to another hotel. The rates are not cheap, the rooms are small and some of the staff are downright rude; when ordering scrambled eggs from the counter at breakfast, the chef yelled back at me! The waitress didn't understand &quot;American cofee&quot; and brought me a cappuccino. I observed on a number of occasions other guests also complaining about the service...I know Hyatt hotels well, and am a Gold Passport Platinum member - this is not usual, and I urge management to fix the problem. Until then, stay somewhere else - there are lots of better hotels in Beijing now, maybe a bit further out from the centre of town, but taxis are cheap...	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent	My husband and I stayed in the Grand Hyatt Beijing for three nights. The room was extremely comfortable and very well appointed. We found perfect after a long flight from Heathrow via Vienna. The staff extremely helpful and nothing was a problem. We found the English spoken in the hotel was excellent. The highlight of the trip was when we asked the hotel to organise a guided tour to take us to the Great Wall and The Forbidden City. This was the most memorable time in our visit. Our guide called William was excellent and bought the history alive for us. We were particularly lucky with the weather. Clear blue skies when we went to the Wall. Fully recommend the hotel and the guided tour. We loved every moment of our stay in Bejing. Karen Brown	
Sep 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in a Great Location	We wanted a hotel near sites and shops and this hotel didn't disappoint. Instead of reserving 2 regular rooms we stayed in the 2-bedroom suite. King bedrooms on either side of a large, shared living room with flat-screen tv and a small kitchenette. Lots of space to relax after a day of sightseeing. Beds were plush and the bath was beautiful and spacious with marble and granite. An excellent arrangement if you have kids. We spent the extra $ to be on the club level which gave us amenities that saved us $ in the long run. Breakfasts that included eggs your way, and buffets of pastries, cheeses, congee, and fresh juices. In the early evenings, wine and cocktails were served from 5 until 7 or 8pm. Also, more food to go with your drinks. All of this is included in your room rate if you pick the club level for your room.Excellent restaurants are located IN your hotel so no need to venture out. Beijing's #1 rated restaurant &quot;Made in China&quot; is serving the top-rated Peking Duck and it did not disappoint. Also, Red Moon served sushi and provided a swanky, dark lounge in the evening for cocktails and live entertainment. There were other cafes but we did not try them.You can access Oriental Plaza directly from the hotel where multi-level shopping is available. A Mini-mart, restaurants and shops can be found there. Also, you can access the subway through the mall if you want to avoid walking outside. There is a subway near the hotel as well.The Oasis Pool was quite the site -- a beautiful indoor pool with hot tubs and very nice locker rooms is reason to pack a swim suit. Concierge service was excellent and all counter personnel spoke English making this a stress-free stay.I cannot say enough good things about their hospitality and the quality of our stay. It was worth every penny!	
Sep 6 2009 	Above and Beyond	Upon our arrival at the Grand Hyatt one of us left an item of sentimental value in the cab. We only realized the item was missing after we had checked in, so all hope seemed to be lost. No one had bothered to pick up the taxi receipt or could remember a license plate number. At this point we are pretty distraught, and one of the managers came to see if everything was OK. We told him and several of the bell hops who had gathered around what had happened, and they promised to see what they could do. Of course, our hopes were not very high since we gave them no leads on the driver or cab number. Imagine our surprise the next day when we received a note under our door saying the driver had been located and could arrange delivery of the item with us directly. The staff at the Grand Hyatt went above and beyond in their attentiveness and problem-solving ability. I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat, knowing those guys are there to help.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service	Our stay here was truly amazing. The staff was simply great. They were all efficient and helpful. I was especially impressed by the man from concierges who ably anticipate my every need and truly went that extra mile to arrange everything for my family vacation. Nothing was too much for him from a demanding me. The management also provides a very personal touch when we were inconvenienced by some teething problems and ensure that it was immediately rectified. Would not hesitate to stay here again if we visit Bejing in future.	
Sep 6 2009 	The grand hyatt is wonderful a great place to stay and i'd definitely recommend it.	I went to the grand hyatt with my family for a holiday in beijing and right when i walked into the hotel i loved it already. Everything is presented in a neat, grand way and it's very clean. The hotel room is very spacious and nicely decorated with complimentary chocolates and fruit which is a nice touch to the room. You won't hear any loud noises that'd disturb your stay so, it is very peaceful. The service the hotel provides is mostly very welcoming and they don't take too long to carry out your request and the maid service does a good clean job. There is a patisserie which serves many varieties of cakes and pastries for you to purchase and they are very well presented and quite delicious aswell. You may sit at the tables given in the patisserie or in the lounge near the entrance of the hotel and may order off the menu for drinks or a spot of food. What i really loved about the hotel was the swimming pool which was very beautiful, artistically decorated like a rock pool. There's plenty of space for you to swim and there's a relaxed atmosphere if you prefer to lounge on the sofas. The jacuzzi's are very relaxing and calm without any loud children so it's good for some quiet time.The hotel's location is also very convenient because it's so close to the oriental plaza so you don't have to go far at all plus there are shops and restaurants in the hotel already.Overall this hotel i can say is very lush and a great place to stay for a relaxing holiday and i'm sure anyone would love it but be sure to have quite a bit of money because lovely things don't come cheap.	
Sep 4 2009 	Grand Hyatt Stay	This was our second stay at the Grand Hyatt, both with extended family. This time for 4 nights got a 2 bed suite with access privileges to the Club level. Access to club gets you breakfast (great continental buffet plus eggs to order), a fantastic 5-8 pm cocktail hour (free drinks, hot and cold hors deurves, cheese, crackers, dessert ) and then beverages until 10 pm. Great mix of Asian and Western selections.After a day of sightseeing it is great to relax, have drinks.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Hotel	One of the best in China. Hotel staff speaks English well and is very helpful. The location is great, lots to do and see nearby. The hotel also has a lot of English channels on the TV and free internet. Rooms are great! Always clean! The indoor pool is the best in the world.	
Aug 18 2009 	Hyatt but not Grand	The location's great but not so. It's near to Wang Fu Jin, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City etc. However, it can be quite a bit of walk. This is also the most commercial area which I actually hate to stay in. The room's smaller than hotels of similar grade but the network, the desk etc is great for business travelers. Being in the center also means it may be difficult to get a cab, esp during busy hours (have once waited for 45min) and also in the middle of traffic jam.	
Jul 30 2009 	Lovely	it was an amazing expirience we travelled with a year old and they prvided us with all baby aneties like cot, steriliser etc the bathroom and teh room was clean n spacious. the staff was helpful, the hotel had a mall and also fast food...all areas were easily reachable very nice :)	
Jul 27 2009 	Outstanding service and you can't beat the location	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing on a business trip in June, and could not have been more pleased. The location is fantastic - walking distance to Wang Fu Jin, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, plus there is an upscale mall directly underneath the hotel that includes an extensive food court and convenience/grocery store - perfect for picking up things you forgot, or grabbing a quick inexpensive meal. My room was small but very nice - comfortable bed, large refrigerator (and you are not automatically charged if you move items or store your own things inside - so nice not to have to deal with that hassle!). Housekeeping brought two free bottles of water daily, which was appreciated, as were the two fresh Chinese pears that were placed in the room as a welcome gift. The bathroom was beautiful, all marble and glass. My only issue was that there was a gap between the shower door and the adjacent glass panel, causing water to escape and flood the bathroom floor every time I showered; I had to point the spray away from it and stand to the side of the shower to keep the room from flooding. Not a big deal.The service was outstanding - everyone I talked to was very friendly and eager to help. I requested an iron and ironing board one morning and then left the hotel for a few hours. When I returned it had not been delivered - I called the front desk and explained that I had to leave for a business meeting in 20 minutes, and they were extremely apologetic. A manager was at my door in under 5 minutes to deliver the iron and ironing board along with more apologies. Breakfast at the Grand Cafe was pricy ($35 USD for the buffet) but delicious, and the buffet options (both Chinese and American breakfast selections) are extensive. I had dinner at Noble Court one night as well, and thought the food and service were outstanding. The pool is as amazing as everyone says - you must check it out if you're staying here! Overall, I had a fantastic experience at the Grand Hyatt and would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Jul 18 2009 	Perfect location	This hotel is within walking distance of the Forbidden City, Tianamen Square and a host of other sighseeing and shopping musts. Upsacale shopping is right at your door and the mall to which the hotel is attached is amazing. An ultra modern hotel. We were upgraded to a suite on the club floor. The room had a microwave and large refrigerator.	
Jul 1 2009 	Grand Hyatt Beijing was very nice -- on par with Tokyo	Stayed in the Grand Hyatt Beijing twice in the course of a 9 day trip to China. Hotel was nice. Typical Hyatt consistency. This Grand Hyatt is on par with the one in Tokyo, which is nice -- but with a much, much better swimming pool. If you like to get in your workouts this Hyatt has one of the better setups. Big fitness area right next to a huge basement pool with really cool lighting to make it feel like you are outdoors at night in the tropics. Everything else about the hotel was good. Location is walkable to the Forbidden City and right by the subway, which is very, very east to use.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great location nice hotel	I've always been partial to a Hyatt in any town.The Grand Hyatt Beijing is a good hotel but misses being great like the one in Hong Kong or Bangkok.The location is great. Its very close to Tianamen Square but keep in mind that its a brisk 20 minute walk away. During summer, this can be really tiring. The hotel is also very close to a mall and therefore lots of shopping and dining options are available.The rooms are good but a bit small. Comfortable though.The Club lounge is pleasant.The buffet breakfast can be a bit tiresome. Its tough to catch anyone's eye and on a couple of occassions, I had to go upto the desk for my bill.All in all, a nice place but it could be so much better.	
Jun 14 2009 	What a nice hotel!!	We arrived after booking a double room. Since we were two adults and two kids, they upgraded us for free to a one bedroom suite.. How nice. The suite had two extra beds with two pandas on them. Two choclate lolly pops for the kids too. Front desk ever smiling and helpful. Especially Snow !. Conceierge very helpful too, but did not tell me that DRUM tower was closed for repairs so we went all the way for nothing after taking directions. Candy is one of the more helpful ones at the conceirge. She suggesting some great restaurants to try beijing food.Hotel distance is walking distance to Wangfujing and Tiannmen and Forbidden City. It has a mall underneath. The hotel has the most wonderul pool. If not for anything else, I would stay here again just to use the pool again.The hotel provides free bottled water.It has many good restaurants , the patisserie ( closes very early at 9) , Made in China etc.	
Jun 10 2009 	Disappointing hotel elegant but formal/cold small pokey rooms....	Having just arrived from the amazing J W Marriott Shanghai- this was a real let down. I then moved on to the J W Marriott Beijing which I much preferred altho location a bit further out. Airport pick up was good- met almost off the plane and whisked thro. But this a fairly typically Hyatt- looks glitzy and professional but for me, no wow factor and a cold, unfriendly - but professional- staff and atmosphere.What I hated was the room. The hotel is round and they have done odd shaped (very small) rooms with a very masculine design. There is little space from the door to the windows to walk thro and the ceiling by the window is very low making it feel closed in. Not a room you wanted to spend much time in. Due to meetings- little time to eat in there altho I did get room service one night which was good.Location-wise it is one of the nearer ones to the Forbidden City and just about in walking distance and has some places around of interest, altho other sites are not nearby but taxis in any case are cheap. If in for a night and wanting to just do the Forbidden City or you have a meeting in the office complex which is part of the Hyatt area- good idea maybe tyo stay here. I lasted 2 nights and then decided to get out and would not stay here again tho so I am a little loath to recommend a hotel I would not go back to. Plenty more in Beijing so I would research other options...	
May 28 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	Just returned from a six night stay with my wife and six year old son. We arranged a hotel pickup and was greeted just outside the jetway and escorted thru immigration an baggage claim.We were booked into a two bedroom club room. The room was VERY spacious and comfortable. The only problem with the room was during turndown. Two nights in a row we returned to the room around 10:00 pm and turndown was not done yet. Housekeeping would stop us as we entered and asked if we wanted to turn down the room. The restaurants were expensive, our lunch at the cafe was about $100 USD (ala carte -- nothing fancy) and lunch at Made in China was $200 USD (only ordered 4 dishes + drinks). Grand club offering was good and need before and after a day of adventures. The pool was great and needed at the end of a long day.Overall, had a wonderful stay and would not hesitate to return.	
May 24 2009 	Fabulous hotel great value.	We choose the Grand Hyatt because we needed a room that would be comfortable for 3 adults for 5 days. (our 23 year old son flew over from Shanghai and joined us) Got a really great deal for a 2 bedroom suite on the Hyatt website. The same room in a Hyatt in the states probably would have cost 2 to 3 times what we paid. And we got welcome flowers! The hotel is gorgeous. Our room was perfect for the 3 of us. We had 2 bedrooms with king size beds, 2 full bathrooms, a living room and kitchenette. Service was always impeccable. Staff always helpful. Several staff members speak English and will help with taxi drivers if you need it. They'll even help you get a driver to the Great Wall. The pool was the most beautiful hotel pool I have ever seen. Location is great. Withing walking to distance to many restaurants, shopping, the night market. Also connected to a high end mall and food court. As with most hotels, the restaurants are expensive. We did spring for a western breakfast (one of the the things our son misses the most...) and it was okay but very pricey. Also, remember this is China, so don't expect a good cup of coffee. There is a grocery store as well as a number of restaurants in the mall basement, so that is a more economical choice for a snack or to grab a quick breakfast. We recommend Breadtalk, (which is a bakery chain with stores located throughout Asia) in the food court. Delicious! Breakfast for 2 at a Breadtalk cost less than a cup of coffee at Starbucks.We also recommend using the hotel limo service from the airport to the hotel. It was not cheap, but worth every penny. After a 13 hour flight, it was a relief to be expertly guided through the very large Beijing airport. As the website says - &quot;Our Private Limousine Transfer includes our “Meet &amp; Greet” service. With this service, our airport representative will wait for you with a “Grand Hyatt Beijing” sign, at the aerobridge of your plane. You will then be escorted through to the Immigration line, followed by the luggage collection point and finally to your Private Limousine&quot;. Not only were we whisked through immigration, we got our luggage and were escorted past customs so quickly we did not have time to blink. Then the airport rep went and found our son at his baggage claim and escorted him to the limo. It was a great start to the trip.	
May 22 2009 	An oasis in Beijing	The service at the Grand Hyatts is unbeatable - this Beijing property is no exception. The staff was friendly, helpful and professional. Nearly everyone speaks English, and the front desk and concierge staff gladly write your destination in Chinese so the cabbies can get you to and from meetings and restaurants.The hotel itself is well maintained. Rooms are very comfortable and well-appointed, with spacious and well-equipped bath. This will be my home away from home in Beijing.	
May 12 2009 	Mediocre 5 Star Hotel	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for four nights and I would recommend it but there were some issues. Our room was a two bedroom and it was clean and fairly large. Our stay was just fine. But, a five star hotel should make you feel much more than &quot;just fine.&quot; We greatly enjoyed the pool. It is truly something to see. We had dinner with friends at their famous restaurant, Made in China, and they could not have been LESS accommodating. We had young children with us and they gave us a very difficult time trying to make special orders for the kids. (Plain egg fried rice was an issue and it took over 30 mins. to receive it!) For a western owned restaurant, we were quite surprised by this. The food was good but we would definitely not rave about it being the best Peking duck ever. The Grand Cafe Med. buffet was good but very expensive and they gave us a hard time about charging a child's price for my daughter who was staying in our room free because she was a child. We voiced that they should be consistent in the hotel and restaurant and they eventually gave us the child's price. I think my big beef with the hotel is that it touts itself as being 5 stars but anywhere outside China, it would be considered a 4 star hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Design Location Amenities: A+ Service: A- Room Size: C	The Grand Hyatt was an amazing respite from the hectic pace of Beijing. We stayed on the Club Level, and the room was very well done- all custom millwork, and the bathroom was limestone floor-to-ceiling with separate tub and shower. As an architect I appreciate that the design was minimal and tasteful. Our room was very small, however, and they were fully booked. Next time I'll make sure to ask about the size beforehand.The pool was truly amazing. Three stories underground, the &quot;Oasis Spa&quot; has thirty-foot ceilings and takes up probably a third of the hotel footprint. The walls are blurred with palm trees, boulders, and waterfalls to create the feeling of a tropical island. May sound cheesy, but they really pull it off- right down to the periodic frog chirps heard from invisible speakers. Adjacent to this is a well appointed gym with trainers available.The service is 5-star, but the wait staff lingers too much. It's one of those places where you take a sip and someone is right there to fill your glass. I definitely felt like we were always being watched, but this is China...Overall, highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent hotel but Made in China restaurant a disappointment	My family and I just spent five nights at the Grand Hyatt, Beijing. As many other reviwers have vouched the hotel's location is excellent and its easy to reach all touristic attractions quickly. We booked a two bedroom club suite (we are a family of five) and were very satisfied. The suite was spacious even with an extra bed for our youngest son and the rooms were clean and very well maintained. We had access to the Club facilities on the 17th floor and there was an excellent breakfast. We also enjoyed the happy hour from 5-8pm, especially after a long day walking the sights of Beijing. Yes, the pool is fantastic and the gym was also very well-equipped (just missing a rowing machine). Overall we were very pleased with the friendliness and service of all the staff. Our only disappointment was with Made in China, the hotel's highly rated restaurant. We pre-ordered the Peking duck but found the portions to be laughably small for 5 people. If you are tired and do not wish to stray far from the hotel I would recommend dining in the basement of the Oriental Plaza below the hotel.Overall I warmly recommend this hotel to anyone, including families.	
Apr 14 2009 	Most outstanding service and ammenities in Beijing	As the owner of the China luxury travel company accesschinatours.com, I have stayed in many of China's top hotels, yet Beijing Grand Hyatt is my favorite so far. There are several things going for the Beijing Grand Hyatt (Wangfujing location is unbeatable), but foremost are the outstanding ammenities. The indoor pool must be the best in Beijing, if not all of China. The club level food and drink selection and service is superb. The English communication ability of all staff, right down to housekeeping, is truly impressive. All this at a nice value for price as well, I highly recommend the property.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great location perfect hotel with small kids	Location:As stated, this hotel was a perfect, centrally located base for sightseeing and shopping. Close to the forbidden city, but we did not walk as it as not recommended due to our large family size and young children. Our situation and room specifics: We stayed in a grand two bedroom which was in a corner and had a view of the oriental fascade hospital from the master bedroom and the opposite glass building from the living room and 2nd bedroom. We were a family of 6 traveling with 4 young children, including a 6 month old and 2 year old. In our initial booking only one crib was available, but the night we arrived they brought a second crib into the room immediately upon request. In the 2nd bedroom we had there was also a fold-out wall divider (and two doors into the room) that when opened effectively created a third bedroom for us, which was perfect. Room 957, I recommend it. The bed was a standard oriental hard matress, But they had put about a 3 inch pillow top over it which made it very comfortable and plush. Master bath had a large tub and separate shower. 2nd bath had a large tub/shower combo. The room also had a kitchen with a hot pot, microwave, double sink and refrigerator. I also noticed that there was a stove top under the wooden server, but there were no pots, pans or dishes in the kitchen. We did not ask if they were available. The living room was large enough to seat all of us comfortably, but only two chairs at the table, but it worked as the kids gathered around the coffee table. The living room was also large enough to accommodate two massage tables and the doors were thick enough to allow quiet inside each room. Meals/restaurants: As stated elsewhere the prices were inflated at the Made in China and Grand Café compared to other restaurants around town and especially compared to the mall under/adjacent to the hotel. After a day of touring, this was the choice for all but one evening meal with McD’s, Kfc, dairy queen for the kids. (all cheaper than similar meals in the states) Made in China was good, but not spectacular, we had preordered the Peking Duck, which was good, but not much to write home about. One complaint we did have was that it was their signature dish, but they didn’t even bother to explain the best way to eat it. In addition, the meat that comes off the duck is rather meager. However, the waitress was savvy enough to suggest the right amount of additional food we needed to order though. Breakfast was included in our room and was a great way to start the day, however, the bill we received each morning to sign (but not pay because the meal was included) was inflated. That being said, there was something for everyone. Hint make your special order for pancakes or waffles as you walk to your seat and pass the kitchen…they are made somewhere else, which never made any sense. Other services: it was odd and both of us experienced this separately, but the male concierges we dealt with were not very good compared to the female concierges we used, mainly because of English language problems. Bellhops, doormen were very helpful loading and unloading the clan and luggage. Being able to receive a massage in the room after the kids knocked off to sleep was great. As stated elsewhere, the pool was spectacular. .5m section for little ones, 1.0 and 1.4 sections elsewhere. There were also little coves, waterfalls and 3-6inch water areas that were great with entertaining my two year old. The attendants at the pool were especially helpful and great safety monitors. Money exchange was easy at the hotel and the adjacent building had a bank with ATM. Final note, the hotel is plush and business oriented, but at no time did we ever feel out of place with 4 sometimes noisy kids, there were enough white noises everywhere with waterfalls or activity etc. Each room had its own individual climate control as well. Overall we were very very pleased with our stay at the grand hyatt.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Hotel Central Location Excellent Pool	LocationGrand Hyatt is within walking distance to the Imperial Palace and Tiananmen. Also, it is next to an underground station. You can pretty much go to the Olympic area, and Ritan area quite easilyPool They have a nicely decorated pool (called the Oasis, something like the pool in Thailand with trees but is actually indoor ) which is the perfect final stop after a day of walking around the city before you are ready to go out for dinner. Made in ChinaA good high end Peking Duck restaurant with open kitchen. You need to book if you fancy going there. The duck is good but you can probably have good duck at more local restaurant (with less posh settings) OthersBe careful with booking a car to the Great Wall, our driver forced us to go to the Silk and Pearl Factory such that he can get some petrol stamps! What a waste of time!Foot Massage PlacesFor those who like to go for a foot massage, below are pretty good:Address: Opposite of West Gate, of San Li Tun 3.3 Building. 48 Yuan for one hour, good massage, the cheapest we had in this trip but don't expect the perks (i.e. TV, and super clean place) - but I do recommend it.Another one is near the Lan Club in Choyang Area ... their number is 86 10 6515 5886 but unfortunately we don't have the English address. 100 Yuan but good service, western TV channel and very clean place. For shoppingIf you are interested in labels clothings made in China (e.g. Prada, Chanel etc) for a fraction of the price, look for Kelly at Ritan Office Building, A15 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Room 2000 Lan ClubA philippe starke design restaurant which is worth visiting for its decor and the food was quite decent too. Don't expect it cheap though. Food portions are pretty big in Beijing (compared with London) so beware.	
Mar 17 2009 	Incredible service - Stay on the Club Floors	My first trip to China made even more memorable by the consistently high level of service at this hotel. Pool is amazing, wish I had tome to use it. Club Levels mean free breakfast, snacks, and enough food at dinner time to skip dinner if you wish. Coffee until 11pm. Use of Laptops for free made in room internet unnecessary. Well worth the added expense. Bejing is an incredible City, made al the more wonderful by a stay in this hotel.Overall, probably the best hotel experience I have ever had.	
Mar 13 2009 	decent rooms wonderful staff	Stayed at the grand hyatt wangfujing (above the Oriental Plaza Mall) from Mar 5 to Mar 8. the rooms below 15 floor are a bit smaller and the toiletries are not as good as those on floors 15 and above. Have to commend the service at the hotel. Staff were friendly and attentive. From the moment you arrive at the front door, a staff came up to greet us and accompany us to the front desk. The front desk area is divided into 3 sections/desks. there were already 2 guests at the center front desk being checked in, there was another staff at the left side reception desk, I was at the right side and instead of waiting for me to go to her, she come over to check me in. Check in process was smooth. in the evening housekeeping will leave a bottle of mineral water along with a glass by the bedside tables. The service of the waiters during breakfast is mostly efficient and attentive (except for one male waiter). But in general my experience at the Grand Hyatt was good. The entrance to the red moon bar is an automatic sliding mirror that opens when you approach, quite fancy, the pricing is rmb 75 for a martini plus 15%, high for china standard. The lobby lounge does offer 2 for 1 drinks during happy hour. The pool and gym area located on basement 3 is huge and nice. There are a lot of food choices at the big mall below the hotel. One thing that I thought they or other big hotel chains can offer is free wifi. Dragon Air was offering a promotion and we paid around HK$3700 per person for 3 nights’ stay including round trip airfare.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great hotel ideal location	My husband was on business here and I was more than happy to tag along. We have visited Beijing twice before on holiday and this location is one of the best - right on top of a big shopping mall (don't expect anything other than the big European names here, though, it could have been anywhere), a few steps from the main shopping street and a few more steps from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.The room was great and service absolutely superb. Our travel arrangements changed several times and the manager looking after us was unflappable. The coffee lounge in the lobby is a great place to meet people and they make a very good cappuccino. We tried two of the restaurants and both were excellent. I really recommend the lunch buffet on the mezzanine overlooking the lobby - absolutely superb.	
Feb 14 2009 	OK	The best thing about the Hyatt is its location. It is near the large shopping street, a walking distance from the Forbidden City and Tianman Square. The lobby is also beautifully done with a high ceiling and a great place to take a drink.My room was a disappointment, however, small and claustrophobic. I visited in the winter and the windows were not very well isolated so I got some draft from outside. The food from room service was overpriced and not good. You are better off to pop off for a meal in the food court of the Oriental Plaza mall downstairs.There is a decent gym and a big swimming pool, but it was too cold for me to swim in. I used the other sports facilities, including got a massage and I am quite happy with thoseOverall I recommend it but it does not have the wow factor like many of the new hotels in the Far East.	
Feb 13 2009 	Lovely with an amazing pool	Gorgeous hotel with an absolutely amazing pool. A great spot to stay while exploring Beijing. Rooms were spacious, bathrooms fairly large, cleanliness excellent. Common areas of hotel were luxurious, and the restaurant was good, but pricey. The hotel is connected to a high-end shopping mall, which is convenient.	
Dec 22 2008 	Nice if you are travelling on business; tourists can find better value elsewhere	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing about a year ago and thought it was nice, although not spectacular. The lobby is filled with glamourous types - both Chinese and foreign - wearing high heels, shorts skirts and power suits. Definitely not a backpacker hotel ;) I had one of the smaller rooms at the hotel which was cramped even by budget standards, some of my colleagues were raving about their spacious rooms though, so I guess I was just unlucky, but you should be aware that sizes vary a lot. Even though I was on a high floor I did not have much of a view because of the way the windows are constructed.I have mixed feelings about the service. I asked for an ironing board and iron on my first night and had to wait about half an hour for it to appear - not what I would have expected from a hotel of this calibre. On the other hand - I was travelling with my boss and he forgot his favourite suit in the closet. He called the hotel from the airport and they sent it on to Dubai for him, he was wearing it again within days ;) I guess that is pretty good service.The breakfast here is much better than at Raffles next door and highly recommended. The atmosphere is much less luxurious and plush than that of Raffles - but it is also less stuffy!The location is fantastic and the Grand Hyatt lies in the middle of Beijing's premier office and retail complex, which is very convenient if you are there on business - this is the main selling point of the Grand Hyatt. It is also very close to the forbidden city, tianenmen square and various night markets.	
Dec 16 2008 	Beautiful hotel in a great location	Beautiful hotel in a great location, close to the Forbiden City and Tiannamen square, as well as the shopping district of Wangfuyin.The hotel itself is connected to a big shopping center Oriental Plaza.Huge lobby, wonderful indoor swimming pool (one of the best that I never seen). Deluxe room are normal in size, but very warm furnished. Good restaurant, business facilities, and friendly staff.The restaurants are quite expensive for Beijing	
Dec 8 2008 	Very Nice Hotel great location	A very nice Hyatt, probably one of the best I have ever visited. The Pool/workout area is amazing, and the morning breakfast that was part of my package was very good. Nice to be attached to a big mall with a food court for some low cost food options. Walking distance to Forbidden city and very close to other attractions. The bed was as hard as a rock, but I understand that is pretty much par for the course in China. Staff was friendly and helpful and for the most part, spoke enough english to be effective. Overall a solid choice.	
Nov 20 2008 	Lived up to my expectations	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a week in early November on a business trip. I enjoyed the hotel a great deal and would most definitely stay here again. The indoor pool is amazing and I managed to swim laps in it every morning after working out in the gym next to it. It was not crowded and very well maintained. I walked into the area where the pool is once with my shoes on and was quickly told I had to remove them. Emphasis on cleanliness. The pool has two hot tubs and one waterfall. They spared no expense on this pool.They have a very nice gym with all the equipment you would expect to see. It is well maintained and the equipment is new. They have an attendant who passes out towels and water to you when you walk in. There are TV screens on alot of the equipment along with headsets. I had a room on the club level which has larger rooms along with the club area access for drinks/snacks at night and breakfast in the morning. This was very nice and I looked forward to starting and ending my day there. They do tend to charge a high premium for club access but if you have more than one person in the room, it is worth it. You also get access to a business area where you can relax without the crowds.The lobby area is nice and it has an area for drinks and food that overlooks the very large and beautiful fountain outside.I liked that the hotel is located next to the large indoor mall. It is also easy walking distance to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. Everything else is a taxi ride away but taxis are very cheap in Beijing. Only complaint was that the restaurant on the second floor is very expensive. Thank goodness I was on a business trip so it wasn't me paying. I got a beer with dinner and a bottled water. Both the water and the beer ended up costing almost $10 each. Orange juice for breakfast is also close to $10.The concierge was very helpful in writing down in Mandarin the places I wanted the taxi driver to take me. They also arranged a trip to the Great Wall at Mutanyou that was a lot of fun. The moon bar didn't really strike me as anything too exciting as others have mentioned. It was an ok time though.The front desk personnel were always helpful and friendly when asking for directions, advice, exchanging money or whatever I needed their help with. There was never a problem getting a taxi in front of the hotel either as I used it often. Overall it is a great hotel, great experience, and I will be back!	
Nov 15 2008 	My favourite hotel in Beijing	I've been traveling to Beijing several times a year for many years, and in the last few years I always stay at the Grand Hyatt. I was there just about a month ago, and again it was fantastic as usual. The best thing there is the indoor swimming pool. It is almost 50 meters long, and is decorated like a tropical forest, with stars all over the ceiling. There is also a waterfall on a platform, where you can lie down and get a water massage. The next best thing is the buffet breakfast at the cafe on the second floor -- there are numerou selections, and you can get your food directly from the cooks preparing everything right behind the counters. Another thing I like is the Red Moon bar right behind the lobby. It is a bar with live music almost every night by an all-girls band who play Chinese and Western pop music. It also serves great Japanese food. For those who love it, therea cigar room inside the bar.	
Nov 14 2008	Expensive but nice	Very expensive hotel, even by Beijing standards. A slight bad taste in the mouth about room rate. I had booked a rate on the internet. When I checked in I asked if this was still the best rate for the room and I was told yes. I went to my room, got the (expensive) internet fired up, and found that the rate had actually gone down since my booking. To be fair I went down to reception and they adjusted my rate immediately, but I was annoyed at having to do this.Otherwise an excellent hotel. Breakfast is especially nice. Very central location, good for business, site seeing (very close to metro), shopping, restaurants.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great location and a really great indoor pool	The Grand Hyatt is the most conveniently located of the 5-star hotels in Beijing. It is a 10-minute taxi ride from Tiananmen Square, a 10-minute walk from Wangfujing (Beijing's main pedestrian shopping street), and right next door to Oriental Plaza, Beijing's largest indoor shopping mall.The hotels rooms are nice, but not exceptional. They were clean and modern, and had good large bathrooms. What makes the hotel special are it common areas, especially its large indoor swimming pool, which is one of the best in the world (we are not kidding!). The pool area is decorated like a tropical paradise, with simulated twinkling stars overhead. Adjacent to the pool is a spa and health club complex. The hotel's lobby is full of marble and has a pleasant seating area where you can enjoy a drink or snack. The front desk is friendly and efficient, and there is a helpful concierge desk. Enough staff members spoke English that we had no language problems. In addition, the hotel has a large full-service business center, which was user-friendly.There are a number of good restaurants in the hotel, although they are not cheap. If you want something more casual, there is a wide range of restaurants in the Oriental Plaza mall next door. The breakfast buffet at the Hyatt was excellent, with a good selection of hot and cold Asian and Western foods. Overall, we very much enjoyed our stay at the Grand Hyatt and definitely recommend it.	
Oct 21 2008 	Hyatt high prices low everything else	My husband and daughter had stayed here in July and while not overally impressed, felt the hotel's location a major plus. My husband and I have just returned from a 10 day visit staying at the Hyatt and visiting our daughter who now studies in Beijing, and feel the property is overrated and overpriced.The rooms are small, we had a 2 bedroomed suite but found we were constantly bumping into each other. One side of the bed was so close to the wardrobe, it necessitated a shuffle to access.The food, especially breakfast was very average. Service ranged between indiferent to rude. Simple staples such as orange juice or coffee were returned to the kitchen. The good news is that there is a cafe called Zoe's next door to the hotel with great food, service and reasonably priced.There were no special touches in servicing the rooms. Ironing board and iron were left up for 6 days. The room was not cleaned properly and 3 requests for a morning newspaper bought no results. The taxi queue outside the hotel entrance is used by the Oriental Mall shoppers and one night we waited 30 minutes in a long queue until we gave up and hailed one immediately outside the property. There are good hotels in Beijing, and you can do better than stay at this one.,	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Family Hotel	We stayed here for three nights in a 2 bed apartment.It was ideal for our family.The facilities and staff exceeded 5 star expectations.The resort pool in particular was a big bonus after dragging the kids through the tourist sites.Concierge was helpful and the location terrific.	
Oct 8 2008 	You pay for what you get	If you are looking for a great hotel in the heart of the city, look no further. This hotel has great service, good resturants, very helpful staff and the rooms are top shelf. Their prices are not for the budget traveler or even those that are trying to watch their spending while traveling. The location is right above one of the more upscale malls, the Oriental Plaza Shopping Center. We ate at Made In China resturant and the food was very good. However, you may want to pass on a bottle of wine, typically running about US$90-120, ouch!!!On a side note, you will not be dissatified on the location, so this is worth the extra money. Try a half day bicycle tour with Bicycle Kingdom, which is a great way to see the city and feel like a local.	
Sep 29 2008 	Fantastic place to stay in Beijing	The Grand Hyatt is a luxury property in a great location. Rooms are spacious and very modern. The lobby is very happening with a good selection of restaurants. The hotel is in a complex with a very high end mall so it is a good place to be for luxury shopping. The location is superb right by the major sites of Beijing. Can walk to the Forbidden City. The club rooms were worth the extra charge as the club service was great, snacks and drinks all day long and a good place to relax and chat. Very long taxi lines in the evening.	
Sep 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	Wonderful hotel in a perfect location. A modern, grand building located over a shopping mall and just a block away from a pedestrianized shopping street (with plenty of malls, stores incl. souvenirs, restaurants, supermarkets, etc) and easy walk from the Forbidden City and other tourist sites. The hotel offers all 5 star comforts, the lobby lounge is very nice with good food and drinks, restaurants are excellent (incl. the japanese and the buffet restaurant we tried) and rooms couldn't be better (stayed in the 2 bedroom suite, which is basically a large 2 bed apartment). Service is good, not perfect but as good as you can get in this area (staff's english could be better but that is a common problem in Chinese hotels).We also stayed in the (more expensive) Four Seasons in Shanghai and the Beijing Grand Hyatt was better on all counts, including rooms and a far better service quality! Definitely recommended. Two tips: Try one of the heavenly smoothies from the breakfast menu (especially blueberry - the best I ever had) and for the more adventurous ones, the street food market nearby selling everything incl. grilled scorpions, silk worms, beetles and other yummies (surprinsingly these ended up being as expensive as restaurant dinners).	
Aug 29 2008 	Always impressive	The Grand Hyatt located on East Chang An Avenue. This is a good hotel, pricey but good. I have stayed here twice at different times of the year, and it was impressive on both occasions. The rooms are huge and scrupulously clean, and have absolutely everything you need.Dont even bring a toothbrush, they do the lot.I ate here three times each in different restauants in the hotel and all the food was good, nice bars, good coffee and a great staff. You can get access to one of the largest and most upmarket shopping malls directly from the hotel. If you wanted you might never need to go outside, which is a consideration given the pollution and frantic traffic that is Beijing.I mentioned that the hotel is pricey and it is a bit pricey but not ridiculously so, but boy you really do get your moneys worth.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Location average room.	I stayed at this hotel (2 bedroom suite) for the Beijing Olympics, the welcoming committee was wonderful. Everything was already checked in by the time we arrived, that we could go straight to the room. The suite has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 living room and a pantry. The suite is comfortable and sizewise it's perfect, but I was a bit disappointed with the finishing of the room. The low ceiling, the hard mattress, the non-LCD TV in the bedrooms and other interior finishing didn't make this hotel look grand. It lacks the wow factor, especially for a suite. The master bedroom which has its own bathroom is smaller than the guest bedroom, which has its bathroom outside to share with users of the living room. I thought that was overlooked. And the bathroom also lacked space to put your towels, clothes and such. So a big minus for the bathroom.The staff was friendly and helpful, but they could've learned to speak better English. I had a hard time getting information about the Olympics from the concierge due to language problem.	
Aug 18 2008 	Bronze Medal - Mixed Reviews Durring Our Olympic Stay	The BadWe Fedexed our bags over 2 weeks early, because our connecting flight layover was so short. The bags got stuck in Chinese customs and we knew this a week before we got there.Prior to sending them and after we found out they were stuck, we were tried to get assistance from the Hyatt concierge. The concierge, especially the head concierge, Benny Zhao, could not have cared less about our dilemma. I literally spent four hours day on long distance and trying to talk to people who don't speak English and the concierge did nothing but politely laugh about the situation. Benny you got to go! That just is unacceptable, especially with us paying the crazy Olympic rates we paid.The GoodThe pool is really the coolest indoor pool ever, only if it had some slides. I highly recommend getting some reflexology poolside. The bellman that run the taxi stand are very helpful and the separate guest only line really helped. The Rooms and LobbyThe rooms were finished out fine but narrow. The lobby was underwhelming and came off like a convention hotel, but did have ample seating to get a drink. Overall - the lack of effort and concern for our luggage situation left a bad taste in our mouths.	
Aug 3 2008	The Best Yet	We have just returned from a two week China vacation with my wife, myself, and three - count them THREE, teenaged boys in tow! The Grand Hyatt Beijing was the best place we stayed - by far. We reserved a suite that had two separate bedrooms (great for privacy) and an extra bed (the Chinese hotel term for &quot;roll-away). The staff could not have been more professional, the breakfast buffet more unique - in a good way - and the conceige more responsive and knowledgable. The very BEST thing to do is to have the hotel arrange to pick you up from your transpacific flight. The driver met us at the GATE(!), and walked us through customs, all without a hitch. Upon our return to the airport, the hotel had an airport employee meet our van, and take us to the correct ticketing booth. Highest praise all around!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Best hotel in China	I have to thank tripadvisor.com for this one... a friend and I planned a side trip to Beijing during a business trip to China in 07. I selected this hotel based on user reviews and it exceeded my expectations. This hotel has everything... a gorgeous lobby, beautiful well appointed rooms, fabulous breakfast and the absolute perfect location to all in Beijing. Walking distance to the Forbidden City and many great restaurants. Go to My Humble House for dinner one night -- nearby the hotel. Food is outstanding and great ambience. The concierge recommended the restaurant and it was a hit! Concierge will arrange a car and tour guide for the great wall -- I highly recommend this. Taking a bus tour is not a great idea - you will really appreciate the one on one attention that the tour guide can offer.Again - amazingly beautiful hotel for a great price.	
Jul 28 2008 	The Best Hotel in Beijing	This hotel is what every hotel in Beijing--and all of China--should be measured against. The location is perfect, the rooms are comfortable, and the swimming pool is paradise. There was even a wonderful breakfast restaurant in the Oriental Plaza mall called Paris Baguette that provided a relaxing atmosphere to start the morning off right. Every dollar spent at this hotel was well worth it.	
Jul 20 2008 	Made the trip even more wonderful!	My parents &amp; I went to Beijing in July - which was unbelievably hot &amp; humid. It was the kind of weather when you sweat when you walked out the door! This hotel was amazing. Our room - well that was SMALL but it was ok since only went there to sleep.There was a mall connected to the hotel. That was fun. Great little restaurants. Perfect after a day of sighseeing!The fitness center and pool were unbelievable! I had never seen an indoor pool like that!	
Jul 18 2008	WOW.......................	My Mum and I stayed here for 3 nights last month and have nothing but good things to say. We treated ourselves to a two bedroom suite as we had been traveling for a couple of weeks, sleeping in cramped rooms and overnight trains. The suite was amazing. Immaculately decorated and furnished. Kitchen, two bathrooms, large lounge and two bedrooms. Beds were very comfortableWe were in seventh heaven !. The hotel ittself is beautiful and I suggest you visit their website to see for yourself. The Oasis pool and gym are amazing.The staff were friendly and bilingual as you would expect at the level of hotel. The Hyatt is well positioned for shopping, sightseeing and subway.	
Jul 13 2008 	great hotel for family with kids	We just returned from our 9 day trip in Beijing and split our stay between Hyatt and Westin, spending 5 nights in the formal, 3 the latter. We booked a 2 bedroom grand deluxe via the Hyatt website and from the net, it looked like we were going to get two standard rooms that were interconnecting, that's all . So imagine my surprise when we were shown to a unit with not only two BR, but also a huge sitting area as well as a kitchenette. I later found out that this room type was actually a suite with an interconnecting room. Well, whatever it is, it suited us fine. I had picked the hotel for its location alone but ended up liking it better than the two suites we were to have later at Westin.We booked the family package which included some welcoming gifts for the kids but I had to remind the staff about it after check in when it did not materialise.Well, this minor glitch was soon ammended and the kids were thrilled to get their pandas, lolipops and ice cream.What a great way to start our holidays!The staff are very well trained and professional, not all speak good English but they do try . House keeping is efficient and prompt. The room is kept very clean and on several occasions when i've requested for extra towels, they were delivered in no more than 10 mins . The room always smell good as they put fresh lillies on the foyer and bathrooms.The breakfast buffet offers a good variety of western as well as Asian choices.The kids loved the fruit bar especially. I did hear another guest complain about the lack of daily changes which is true but that didn't bother us even after 5 days as there were so much to choose from.I have planned to eat out in different local restaurants but ended up eating almost only in the hotel as the restaurants were all so good.We especially liked the Noble Court and Made In China. Actually, we liked Made in China best and won't mind eating all our meals there had it not been that reservations were SO hard to get.My son highly recommends their Peking Duck. The pool is very well appointed and the kids enjoyed it very much.The spa and sauna is also nice but one attendent who seemed to be in charge of the spa area was quite rude to me on one occasion so I kinda stayed away from it throughout the rest of our stay there.However, that was just one lone incident, the rest of the hotel staff were freindly and more than helpful.The conceirge were also very knowlegeable and helped out alot with our itinerary. All in all, a good stay and i would highly recommend it to families travelling with young children.PS:The hotel provides kid sized bath robe,which is another reason why i'd recommnd it to families.	
Jul 9 2008 	only one word "EXCELLENT"	it was a great experience to stay in Grand Hyatt Beijing.soon we walked out the plane, someone from Grand Hyatt greeted us and guided us to pass imigration and collected our luggages. then guided us to the audi car that already waiting for us. when we reached the hotel, someone was already waiting for us and send us directly to our room. we stayed in the suite room and it is a very nice and spacious room. the room is very clean and smells nice from casablanca flowers.we tried all the restaurant outlets during our 9 days staying there. the food were excellent. love the MADE IN CHINA and DA GIORGIO.the staffs are excellent. they are all so helpfull. always ready to help u and with big smile, especially for our butler : juliana and winston. they will keep trying to talk to u even they cant speak well english.it is an excellent hotel and a place that i will definitely come to stay again in Beijing.	
Jun 29 2008 	Bad service and small standard rooms	Perhaps my expectations were too high since this was the first time i stayed at a Grand Hyatt. At first, me and my wife arrived around midnight with a taxi and there was no one to pick up our luggage so we had to go in and call the bell boy. Then we had to wait 10 minutes to check in and there was just two girls working in the reception that time which was very strange since this is supposed to be a 5-star property. We finally checked in and got a really small and boring room, it must have been a standard room due to its size. The breakfast is rather boring and the spaces quite noisy so if you want to relax and enjoy a quiet breakfast you are in the wrong place. Putting together this with the general low service level i really do not recommend this hotel beacuse i'm sure you can get much better standards for the same money. Actually the best thing was the complimentary shoe polish and that tells quite much about our stay.	
Jun 23 2008 	Far exceeded my expectations!	Grand Hyatt Bejing really exceeded my expectations and I'm really picky about my hotels. I usually like to stay in 5 star hotels like Four Seasons, and I have to say, Grand Hyatt Bejing was superb! Every aspect of this hotel was top notch! We stayed in a Club Level Grand Deluxe 2 bedroom and was perfect for our family. It was spacious, nicely appointed, the beds were comfortable, Club level concierge service was great, and the pool was simply wonderful to relax in after all day tours. The pool is a bit Las Vegas looking and seemed a bit out of place in China. But, it sure was fun cause we hung out at the jacuzzi every night. The location was perfect. Because Oriental Plaza mall was right below, and Wangfujing was around the corner, we didn't feel trapped at the hotel. We were able to easily cruise through the mall and walk the streets. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else when I return to Beijing!We stayed for 4 nights, and booked private tours through the Grand Hyatt. The tour guides spoke very good english and were very knowledgeable. Maggie, our tour guide for the Badaling Great Wall Tour climb the steep steps with us. As the steps became steeper, my 78 year old father was not able to keep up. She stayed behind with him to keep him company. He had such a good time chatting with her that he didn't even feel left out not climbing up the towers.Be sure to book the City tour which includes Tianamen Square, Forbiddeen City, Temple of Heaven, and the Llama Temple. On a separate tour, don't miss the Summer Palace. The rickshaw tour through the Hutong area was fun too.	
Jun 13 2008 	Best hotel in beijing!!!! By a long shot	My family and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing in December of 2007. WOW! The building is magnificent. My parents were upgraded to a Grand Delux King with two rooms and a kitchenette. This was a surprise and a great way to start off. The rooms were spotless, and the beds were comfortable. The Hyatt Pool is probably the most spectacular indoor hotel pool in the world ( not as good a view as the Park Hyatt Tokyo) but worth a visit no matter what. The palm trees create an oasis right in the middle of a smoggy city. The Hotel is above a huge mall which is really convenient (some ice cream is great after a long day of sightseeing). In addition, there is a wonderful food court called Mega Bite which was an experience because it didn't compare to anything in America. In addition, Wang Fu Jing shopping street is around the corner where the flagship Beijing Olympic store is located. Tian An Men Square and The Forbidden City are also extremely close by. The Buffet Breakfeat was delicious and rivaled any 5 star hotel buffet with a blend of Chinese and American food. Overall, this hotel is for everybody and has a modern and elegant feel with zero flaws.	
Jun 8 2008 	Truely is Grand!	The Grand Hyatt in Beijing was absolutely delightful. The location is great not too far from Tienanmen and on top of a mall which has a ton of restaurants and a metro stop. The breakfast is a great mix of eastern and western. It is a bit pricey however. The pool is the most amazing indoor pool I have ever seen. It even has a fake sky so you feel you are outside.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great Hotel in a great city	The Grand Hyatt Beijing is a great choice in Beijing. Location - Central location next to a pedestrian mall with access to great &quot;street food&quot;. Easy walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.Rooms - the hotel is new and the rooms are very clean and well appointed. I was upgraded to a suite that included a kitchen. This would be a great option for a family. The room was very quiet with no street or next door noise.Food - Lots of options for restaurants with a great mix from traditional Chinese, Japanese, or Italian. Plenty of options to keep everyone happy.Other - The business center was fantastic. Plenty of computers and several conference rooms for use. Printing is expensive, but not outrageous. The staff was exceptional, very helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive. The pool was beautiful, though I did not have time to enjoy. Gym was clean and had plenty of useful equipment.The Hyatt staff was great! Willing to assist with any need or issue. I not stay anywhere else in Beijing.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very disappointing rooms	I am not sure why there are so many good reviews about this hotel, while I was hugely disappointed at the hotel. Maybe the good reviews are only from those guests who didn't stay at a standard room. I was put in a standard room, and the room interior, furniture and decoration are way below the normal Grand Hyatt standard -- it just look like a 3star + Hotel. The room is really small, from China standard, and the funitures are in shabby quality. Even the paintings on the wall -- look like they're from Ikea. The location is great, just next to Wang Fu Jin. But if you're more particular about the rooms, i suggest you not to stay at the hotel. There are plenty of hotels in Beijing very well appointed, and some of them are very lavishily designed. For the price is US$200 +++ per night, you can get AMAZING rooms in Beijing. AND TRUST ME, I AM A CHINESE! I KNOW WHAT ARE THE GOOD HOTELS OUT THERE, WITH GREAT VALUE! BUT GRAND HYATT BEIJING IS NOT ONE OF THOSE!	
May 19 2008 	Double bedroom suite with kitchen and two bathrooms:WOW	On our trip with three kids we first visited the Red Capital Ranch at the Wall and after some nights there we went to Beijing to the Grand Hyatt where we stayed before on a business trip, therefor we knew how ideal the location is and how lovely the pool..This time we booked the double bedroom suite with kitchen, living room and two seperate bathrooms and it was wonderful. Like this is travelling with kids great because the suite is not that much more expensive while it offers space enough for everybody without ever getting the feeling that it is crowded. The entrance to the mall was specially enjoyed by the girls and we all loved the pool. The Forbidden City is on walking distance and taxis are cheap although the take only three people max.We often took the breakfast buffet which offered many choices for breakfast, the kids were stunned! after such a great breakie lunch was sometimes skipped or we ate something small during our trips in the city.	
May 13 2008 	Fantastic hotel	This was the first stop on our independent China tour. This is a fantastic hotel in every way. We had a beautiful junior suite (free upgrade) with executive floor privileges. The hotel has the biggest and most beautiful indoor pool I have ever seen. The staff is friendly and helpful. Peking duck dinner at Made in China (in the hotel) was excellent. This was our best hotel in China.	
May 12 2008	First time Beijing and Asia	I normally don't write reviews, nor get names from websites and use them for travelling, but now will have done both. On our way to visit our daughter studying in Hong Kong, we wanted to visit Beijing. Staying at the Grand Hyatt was essential to our fantastic time there as well as hiring John as a local driver. We emailed him (johnyellowcar@hotmail.com) and he always responded to any questions we had (and I can ask alot). His ability to speak English, caring demeanor, and personal character made him a pleasure to be with. My only regret is not hiring him for more than one day! On our 3 week trip to China and Thailand we felt he was our favorite driver. His website is www.beijing-driver.com. As far as the GrandHyatt, the concierge services/location were excellent and the driver they gave us to take us to the train station was phenomenal. We would not have been able to maneuver the night train to Xian without him. Beijing and the Great Wall were great places to see in our first days to Asia. (Just be sure you have someone write in chinese where you want to go to communicate with taxi drivers.)	
May 5 2008 	Average interior good location great pool	Room is just average, quite small, the workmanship is rather poor, bathroom is small too. The interior furnishing is certainly not as good as the Grand Hyatt in Tokyo, Hong Kong, or Jakarta that I frequented. Service is acceptable but nothing spectacular.However, the location is good, right at the heart of Beijing, with a grand shopping mall below, close to Tiananmen and Wang Fujing. And the interior swimming pool is really pretty; that is the highlight of this hotel. I will also recommend the restaurant &quot;Made in China&quot; in the lobby.	
Apr 14 2008	fantastic hotel	Fantastic hotel, perfect service, great rooms, very clean, which doesn't go without saying in China. It's in walking distance of the forbidden city and when you want to go further, you simply call a cab. It comes at a price, but this is the perfect hotel if you are unfamiliar wit the local customs. e would ABSOLUTELY recommend it to anyone!	
Mar 28 2008 	A great location in Beijing.	The best thing about this hotel is its location, being a comfortable walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen square. The accommodations are up to the standard one would expect from a Grand Hyatt and the service is very good. They even have a chap (not the main doorman) who stands in the windy vestible to the below floor shoping mall and opens the door as you approach. Nearby shoping offers everything you could want and the concierge desk is happy to point you in the direction of various markets as well as organising appropriate transport.While we were there my husband had to see a doctor and one of the staff actually accompanied him across the street to the hospital and ensured he was seen very quickly without any problems re the language barrier.We were also pleasantly surprised at the cost of eating in the hotel the couple of evenings we were too tired to go out. It certainly isn't cheap by Chinese standards but in comparison to similar hotels in Australia it was quite reasonable.We felt the rooms were a comfortable size and I was glad I didn't take the upgrade to the club/executive level. My only problem was that my husband checked in and signed off on a rate that was more than that I had booked. Fortunately I had a hard copy of the booking confirmation and the manager was very co-operative in ammending the rate to the one I had booked.It is probably also worth noting that Westerners tend to be targeted for minor scams by various individuals who hang around outside the hotel e.g. the struggling university student who wanted to take us to his &quot;professors'&quot; studio to look at his artwork..... the same artwork that abounds in all the markets! Of course these scams are not confined to the Hyatt and it is just something to be aware of in Beijing.	
Mar 14 2008 	Superb Business Hotel lived up to expectations	I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip, and it was a nearly flawless visit. The room was clean, odor-free and stocked with nearly everything I wanted. It did not have real coffee, but I was in China so I drank tea. The swimming pool and gym are amazing. The reception area is lovely, and the staff are superb. The location is great, next to the shopping area of Wangfujing, and in walking distance to Tiananmen square. I didn't take any meals in the hotel itself, preferring local joints for dinner and the Starbucks nearby for breakfast. There is a restaurant just behind the hotel near the car-park entrance called &quot;East Family&quot;. Highly recommended. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
Feb 4 2008 	Comfortable Clean and Centrally Located	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a number of days while on a business trip. My first impression of the hotel was that it seemed a bit understaffed for a hotel of this level. There was quite a line at check-in, and throughout my stay I noticed that this always seemed to be the case, and it was also the case upon check out. The room I was given was extremely large, and very comfortable. The one thing that it was missing was a digital clock. I woke up a few times in the middle of the night due to jet lag and had to turn the light on to look at the small bedside clock. Otherwise, the food was good, the concierge was very helpful, the beds were comfortable, and the rooms were very clean.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great intro to Beijing	For our first trip to China, my husband and I wanted something special so we chose the Grand Hyatt Beijing due to the positive reviews from TripAdvisor. Our expectations were met and exceeded during our few days there. We only wished we could have stayed longer before moving to another hotel (their choice, not ours) to meet up with the rest of our group of travelers.We opted to use the e-concierge to arrange pickup at the airport and we're so glad we did. Coming off of a 14 hour flight, it was nice to know we could relax and be taken care of. The lovely Hyatt employee met us right as we came off the plane and walked us through immigrations and customs. She has us loaded into the waiting car within 15 minutes. The hotel was warm and welcoming and every employee we encountered was kind and helpful. Nearly all of the staff that we interacted with spoke fluent English and went the extra mile to ensure our needs were met.We had a Grand Deluxe 2 bedroom and it was perfect. It was very clean with simple, elegant furnishings. The bathrooms are lovely, though a bit chilly. The robe provided makes that small complaint much more bearable. Toiletries are very nice, too and anything you forget is probably in the amenities package somewhere.The location is great, of course. Easy access to the metro, shopping, and cultural sites. The Starbucks in the Oriental Plaza was so nice to have and the grocery store across from Starbucks was very convenient to pick up sodas instead of paying mini-bar prices.Room service gets dinged for messing up our order on the first day. I got my order but my husband didn't get his despite 2 phone calls and an in-person request when room service came to pick up my tray. We were running out of time so the 3rd phone call placed was to cancel. We then went to The Patisserie and discovered their wonderful banana bread which became our breakfast of choice for the rest of our stay.Despite the minor issue with room service, the Grand Hyatt Beijing gets 5 stars and a hearty recommendation from me.	
Jan 16 2008	Good but sloppy	When in Beijing, I always stay at the Grand Hyatt. Very good service, and classy establishment. I love the airport limo service.But of late, I've begun to notice some sloppiness. Obviously, there are a lot of VIP clientele at this hotel. A few years back, I say George Bush Sr. and Secretary Hank Paulson, with their armies of US and Chinese secret service men.This time around, I had the junior suite. I've begun to notice how dirty their carpets are getting. I guess it's wear-n-tear, but it's getting to the point of noticeability.Also, as I was checking out, the bell service was so late in coming up, I had to carry my stuff down, which almost caused me to be late for my check-out.Finally, I go outside for my airport limo ride, but the limo is not ready, so I wait some more.Maybe minor nitpicks, but it caused me to wonder whether the Grand Hyatt is starting to take the regular biz traveler for granted, in light of the constant VIPs they are always getting...I'll probably stay here again next time, but if this sloppiness continues, I'll probably switch to the Starwoods in town.	
Jan 12 2008 	Luxury hotel with a fabulous pool	The Grand Hyatt Beijing is undoubtedly one of the best hotels in the city. The location is great, with Oriental Plaza shopping mall in the same building complex, and with Wangfujing shopping street right next door. The hotel itself is luxurious from its lobby to the gorgeous pool situated underground. The pool &amp; spa services deserve a special mention: This is the most fabulous hotel pool I have come accross, regardless of being an inside pool. The whole balinese setting with cavelike grottos and several jacuzzis is simply amazing (please see photos of this hotel, you will see what I am talking about). What is not quite up to the same &quot;ultimate luxury&quot; standards are the rooms. The bathrooms are great, with separate bathtubs, showers and toilet areas, but the rooms, albeit stylish, are rather small in size and simple in looks.The hotel staff is eager to recommend &quot;club room&quot; option, but in this case the room itself is exactly same, the only added benefits are inclusive breakfast and 1 person (guest only - no visitors) access to the club lounge where during certain hours one may enjoy foods and drink.	
Jan 6 2008 	A brilliant hotel - worth every penny	This is a great hotel in a great location. Great service.Great Pool. Great restaurants. 5-Star rooms.We wanted to use this as a haven when visiting family in Beijing. We chose it on the basis of trip advisor reviews. It did not disappoint.Not much more to say - just want to give them credit where it is due!	
Dec 25 2007	Good Hotel	Good hotel, good service!	
Dec 25 2007 	First rate hotel - highly recommended	This was our 3rd stay at the Grand Hyatt Beijing and the first one with our 2 children aged 4 and 2. This hotel continues to exceed expectations on all levels. Even though we had booked a standard room, during check-in we requested a room with separate area for the children to sleep and play. Sure enough the check-in staff put us up in a mini-suite that even had a kitchenette! I've stayed in many 5 star hotels in China and must say that this one is the best by far. The rooms were fantastic and location, right on Wangfujing and connected to a mall, can't be beat.&lt;P&gt;However, what sets the Hyatt apart is the service. I don't mean the usual &quot;how are you today sir&quot; service but going above and beyond. During our stay my daughter needed to go to the hospital and I must admit that a stint in a Chinese hospital is not for the faint of heart. The concierge not only called an ambulance but also hopped in the ambulance with us and helped with the conversations and administration at the hospital. This was at 2 am in November which is bitterly cold in Beijing and she didn't event stop to take her jacket!&lt;p&gt;To Beth and the entire staff at the Hyatt Beijing - we will definitely be back!&lt;P&gt;P.S. The pool is not to be missed!	
Dec 19 2007 	Our home in Beijing!	This hotel has a wonderful atmosphere and the BEST restaurant- Made in China! We felt so at home here and the location was great- about ten minutes on foot to the Forbidden City and connected to a large shopping complex with a very interesting chinese food court. The staff was always helpful in writing addresses in chinese for taxi drivers.	
Dec 8 2007 	Imperial	This is one of the best place you have to go if you visit Beijing for the first time because it has the best location ( only 500 meters to forbidden city...) and the staff was very nice and helpfull (that so usefull in a town where everything is so &quot;different &quot;).For those who loves shopping ,the hotel is in the same building as the Oriental plaza ( lots of shops and restaurants but a bit too fancy).All the restaurants of this hotel are greats but i recommend especially the chinese' s one and the Red moon club where you can have a drink after dinner in a comfortable lounge place.if you have to go somewhere just ask the staff in english and they ll give you a card where your destination will be wrotten in chinese for your taxi , cause in china only few peoples speaks other languages even english .PS China is a great place to go and Hyatt is a secure way to have the same comfort and services as everywhere.	
Dec 5 2007 	really not bad !	If you have meeting or short stay visit in Beijing, this is the place to stay, is just a few minutes' walking distance from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City and very close to the commercial district.good restaurants and rooms are spacious and clean, the near Oriental shopping center is also worth a visit but be aware, if you are a non Asian citizen you will be practically targeted by young girls (hookers) that with the excuse of learning english they will try to pull you around drinking tea in expensive places and asking you for tips..... this will happen practically avery minute you are around..... just gently refuse......the pool inside the SPA is also a must....ciao	
Nov 24 2007 	Excellent hotel	My wife and I spent a week in this hotel We stayed in a club room. The hotel has an excellent location although there is a lot of building works ongoing everywhere which hampers a bit walking in the neighbouring area. Everything in the hotel was spotless and the service was very good. We asked for directions and wanted them to write the adress in chinese. Two times the adddress was wrong and we had some problems to sort it out. Take Your time to explain in detail where You are going, otherwise You might end up in the wrong place.The food and drinks in the lounge were quite OK as was the breakfast.We tried all the restaurants and they were good. We liked especially the Chinese restaurant on the lobby floor where You could see the chefs cooking.The health-club with the huge swimming pool was magnificent and we spent much time there.In all - a very good hotel in a crowded city a bit suffering from smog	
Nov 20 2007 	Great Hotel	My husband and I booked this hotel with my gold passport reward for the first couple of days of our Beijing vacation. The picture on their website does no justice to actually seeing the hotel with the fountain going...especially at night. The hotel room was clean and was the room we requested when I booked the reservation. The staff was excellent and went out of their way to help us. We thought we would run into a language barrier but not at this hotel. The location was great. If you like the high end shopping you are near the Oriental Mall but it was also close to the Wangfujing Street shopping where you can get your taste of &quot;bargaining&quot; with the locals. We were glad we booked this hotel for the first leg of our Beijing stay as the next hotel was no comparison.I think if we had to pay for the room we would have as well worth it...compared to the other hotels.	
Nov 10 2007	Grand Hyatt Beijing is Grand	I liked this hotel because it is about 3 long blocks to the Forbidden City, yet right on the corner of Waifujing Street, like Nanjing in Shanghai. The hotel sits on top of the Oriental Plaza which has everything from fast food to Givenchy to a excellent grocery store so you do not have to eat the snacks in the hotel room. This is a great bonus since all hotels charge a fortune for this luxury. Try to get the breakfast included. They make everything from real waffles and pancakes and eggs made to order to Congee and wonton noodle soup. The breads were wonderful too.The silk market is a fake copiers dream but might be gone when the Olympics come to the city in 2008. I was dissapointed with the mansion of Prince Gong. The interiors are not renovated so the garden is only open.We rented a car and driver for the Great Wall and the Ming tombs.This was an added bonus since the bus tours always throw in a stopover for shopping. Does the bus driver get a cut???Anyways Beijing is wonderful but I hear the heat in August is horrible. Good luck Olympic fans!cj	
Nov 9 2007 	Great Hotel!	Great hotel, great service, location, food. One of the best fitness centers Ive seen in a hotel anywhere in the world and the restaurants are tops especially Made IN China! Check the rates as well, there usually less that whats posted.	
Nov 4 2007 	Every Thing Is Grand	Date of Stay: October 28 – 29,2007Room Type: Grand King RoomUpgrade: Grand Deluxe KingAmount Paid Per Night: Gold Passport Promotional Award + 500RMB ($67.00) for upgradeReservation Method: Called Hyatt Gold Passport hotline in Singapore because they don’t have one in the Philippines. Loyalty Card: Gold Passport MemberAirport/Hotel Transfer: Hotel Representative was already waiting for me when I stepped out of the gate and escorted me through immigration and customs. Had to walk to the parking building to get into the Audi A6. The 40 minute ride was smooth when we were near the hotel the driver called the hotel to informed that we were about to arrive so someone actually met me when I stepped out of the car.Location: Located in a high end mall called Oriental Plaza, everything is within your reach. Though the hotel outlets look good you can also go out to the mall to grab a quick bite and do some shopping. The hotel is also very close to Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City and is at the end of the Wangfujing Shopping Street.Check-in: Quick check-in, everybody speaks English, I was in my room in less than 5 minutes, I think it took me longer to go up and find my room than actually checking in. Concierge: Very knowledgeable and efficient, speaks good English.Room: Consists of a living room, kitchenette, bedroom and bathroom. Quite old, a bit dated and stuffy. But still very good. The bedroom was a little cramped with a little under 2 feet distance between the TV table and the bed. The work table was small so I had to use the lounge chair in the bedroom to dump my stuff. Closet space is good for thick jackets and all you have to wear on the trip.Bed: Comfortable king size bed with 4 down pillows. Breakfast: Didn’t have breakfast because I had to move to my second hotel in Beijing to meet up with my friends and go on the tour. Check-out: Had to wait a bit only because there were a lot of guests but the staff was very apologetic. It took a little over 10 minutes to get through everything.Overall Evaluation: A good hotel to stay in if budget is not an issue, very luxurious and would have a taxi at all times so going around is not hard. Lobby seems always busy but not crowded.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great Hotel Great Service	I originally stayed here because it was close to my office in Beijing.Great rooms and service. The pool and SPA in the basement are first rate and not all that expensive, but you can find less expensive with local knowledge.I especially recommend a nearby foot massage place where you can get a 90 minute foot massage with beer or tea for under $10 US.	
Oct 30 2007	loved this place	We stayed here prior to our Princess Asia cruise for only 2 nights, wished it had been longer. Firstly, there is so much to see and do in Beijing, we didn't have enough time. However this hotel is top notch. The location is fantastic - we walked from the Silk Market (about 40 min) and about 10 min to Forbidden City and Tiannamen Sq. The staff were very professional and courteous. Our room was lovely, everything was very comfortable. And for people who like more &quot;western&quot; style food, it's perfect, they have a wide variety of menu options in their many restaurants. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2007 	A grand stay at the Grand Hyatt!	We have just returned from a one week stay at the Grand Hyatt in a two bedroom Grand Deluxe suite. We are a large family and the suite was perfect for us. The room: The small kitchen has a handy microwave and a large refrigerator which was perfect for storing milk, drinks, and snacks for our children. The bedrooms are fairly small but the living area and dining area are quite spacious. It should be noted that the second bedroom is not ensuite. The bathroom is located off of the dining area and only has a shower while the master bath is small but has a deep soaking tub that felt great after our long walks around Beijing! Our room was spotless and housekeeping was very good for the entire length of our stay. The beds were comfortable and pillows plentiful. A dvd player is located in the living room and kids videos can be checked out from the club lounge if you like. Also, our room was very quiet and peaceful. The only negatives that I can think of are that the carpet is looking a little worn, the decor of the rooms is not particularly Asian - it's quite bland, and there is an additional charge for internet service but overall a comfortable, clean, homey space.Dining: Unlike the pp we really enjoyed Made in China. While we also ate at Huang Ting (at the Peninsula) and thought it was outstanding we thought the food at Made in China was wonderful. We did preorder our Peking duck when we made our reservation and this was a great time saver. Room service was palatable, not great, and prompt. The buffet breakfast included in our room rate was plentiful and quite good with a variety of Western and Asian food available. I wouldn't recommend asking for anything out of the ordinary or not on the buffet as this was difficult for the restaurant staff to understand and invariably sent everyone into a tizzy. A bakery and chocolate shop located in the lobby made yummy bread, croissants, and sweet treats. Also, while not in the hotel My Humble House is about a one minute walk from the hotel and was one of our favorite restaurants in Beijing.Pool and Gym: The gym was top notch and I would highly recommend it. The pool was also huge fun. I didn't realize that it was an indoor pool so didn't bring swimsuits for the kids but found we could purchase them from the spa desk. The kids had a blast swimming at night under the &quot;stars&quot;.Lobby: For a hotel so full with guests the lobby, hallways, gym, and other public areas never felt crowded or uncomfortably busy. We also stayed at the Peninsula and our only major issue with the Peninsula was that the lobby area, hallways, and other public areas including the club lounge were SO busy and crowded.Concierge: We used the concierge services a great deal. We found them very helpful but we did our research before we went to Beijing and had already made restaurant reservations and created a general touring plan.Misc: A grocery store is located in the basement of the shopping mall attached to the hotel. The selection is limited but adaquate for creating a simple picnic and for snack supplies. Also, the location of the hotel really is terrific and is difficult to beat for proximity to the Forbidden City, restaurants, and general sights. On a different note, we used the hotel laundry service a great deal and found it to be quite prompt and reliable if pricey - as we expected.Value: OUTSTANDING! We booked our room under the Family Grand Experience and we felt the value was exceptional. Panda bears were waiting in the room for our children when we arrived and room service came by with popcorn, ice cream, and movies on our first night - all included in our room rate. Breakfast was included in our room rate as was an upgrade to a six seater van for our airport transfers. We also stayed at the Peninsula on the club floor, the Commune at the Great Wall, and at the Red Capital Ranch, and I have to say that for value, comfort, and quality we felt the Grand Hyatt beat them all hands down.While I wouldn't call the Grand Hyatt super luxurious it was a fantastic value and an oustanding base for a family exploring Beijing. Comfortable, clean, and convenient.	
Oct 21 2007 	Hyatt Beijing shines	We were not expecting a truly First class hotel in Bieijing, but theHyatt earned a &quot;10&quot; in every respect.Location -Just above an large underground high end mall. Also, just a 15-20 minute walk to Forbidden City &amp; Tieneman Suare. Less than 5 minutes to the excellent Beijing subway.The staff was attentive and earnest. Food was very good, although expensive (like all hotels). Beds totally comfortable - AC worked like a charm (outside air was very muggy and polluted).We used a travel agent (Klahani travel on Maui) to book the room- got a $184 rate-very low for such a high quality hotel.Beijing and all of China are truly fascinating - you MUST go.	
Oct 16 2007 	Wonderful Hotel- Restaurants Over-rated	The only true 5 star hotel in Beijing in THE best location ever.We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in a grand deluxe room which was huge- highly recommend it. The location of this hotel is brilliant- 10 minute walk from tianamen square and the forbidden city; and 5 minutes from the main shopping street.The hotel itself is attached to high end shops- chanel, LV, Burberry and Toni and Guy etc and is linked directly to a huge shopping mall. Just be warned that the prices are about 30% more expensive than in the UK.My only problem with this hotel was their over-hyped restaurants especially Made In China which was really disappointing- service and food were not great and it was more expensive than other 5 star hotels in Beijing.Instead go to the chinese restaurant in the Peninsula Hotel- Huang Ting which was amazing- highly recommend it to everyone.In short, this hotel is the best located in Beijing with huge modern rooms- just stay clear of their restaurant- Made in China!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Grand Hyatt - indeed a grand hotel highly recommended!	I was on a business trip to Beijing in July and my client picked this hotel. It's in a great location, being connected to the mall with all the amenities you would want. The hotel itself is grand and upscale. Its staff are courteous and speak very good English. I was there for 4 nights in a very well appointed room. Room service was prompt too.My stay was almost perfect, honestly. The only thing was that on the day of my departure, I had to leave the hotel at 6:15 a.m. for a really early flight in the morning. Given my Gold Hyatt Passport, the front desk suggested that breakfast could be delivered to the room at 6:00 a.m. without additional charge (buffet breakfast was included in the room rate but normally not room service, you see). I was really delighted. Breakfast was delivered on time but at the time that I checked out, the front desk insisted on charging me. After some explanation, they agreed to cancel the charge. This shows a slip in ther internal communication process but the staff handled the issue politely, which I appreciate.Despite this, I still feel that this is probably one of the best Beijing hotels I have ever stayed in. Highly recommended. Oh, by the way, if time permits, do try the exquisitely-prepared Chinese cuisine at the hotel's fine-dining restaurant &quot;Made In China&quot;. The chef there prepared the duck dishes (especially the appetizer &quot;brasied duck slices&quot; with mustard) in a heavenly manner! :-)Thanks for reading this review and I hope this helps.	
Oct 3 2007	One of my all-time favorites	I can't say enough about this hotel. The room was incredible. The pool and exercise area were incredible. The food and local Sunday buffet were incredible. When I go back to Beijing, I will definitely stay here.It is located on top of a shopping mall and a couple of blocks down from The Forbidden City. Great location for walking around Beijing. If you're looking for something farther out, the hotel does a great job arranging for trips with tour groups and personal guides.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent stay in an excellent well-located top rate hotel.	An excellent experience. Stayed on business but my wife joined. Check-in was fine. Limo arranged with hotel to and from airport was about $50US and they had someone meet the flight at the gate, bring us through customs, to the limo and to the hotel. Reverse on departure. Excellent experience. Our room was spacious with a fine view on a high floor (exec level). Two or more bottles of water supplied each day as the tap water in the city is not for drinking. AC excellent (it was hot in August in Beijing). Breakfast was excellent but expensive. Discovered a slightly smaller breakfast on the exec level floor lounge which was included in the price and was fine. Lounge open all day and evening for coffee, cake, tea. Good meeting place for business too. Pool very kitschy. Taxis abundant. Location superb near forbidden city and middle class shopping streets just two blocks away as well as the main pedestrian shopping street (no cars), dept stores, shops etc. We took taxis pretty much everywhere as they are abundant throughout the city (where we went anyway) and inexpensive. Hotel attached to an office building complex and luxury apts. All brand new concrete and glass. You have to walk a few blocks for &quot;China&quot;.Booked a standard tour to the Wall via the hotel concierge. Concierge desk somewhat harried and level of English varied. Not terribly well informed about the city or the tour (surprisingly) but friendly and tried hard. The Chancellor of Germany was there with her 100 person staff, guards etc. which made for a very interesting time. Saw her working the breakfast room in the exec lounge. They did not interfere with the service at all during our stay.There is a very upscale mall attached to the hotel where we ate a couple of times. Fare varies from mediocre fast food to a superb Szechuan restaurant reasonbly priced and full of locals (I presume). There is a not so great steak restaurant right outside the hotel but only a few blocks from an excellent duck restaurant, Mongolian restaurant and scores of others including dumpling shops, fast food stalls (centipedes, octopi, scorpions as well as more prosaic items).All in all an excellent stay and I'd recommend this hotel.	
Sep 19 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	This is a fabulous hotel, that has all the amenities that one could want. It is located very close to the Forbidden City, and it is also attached to a major mall with great stores and places to eat. In the mall there is also drugstores and grocery stores that you can pick up drinks, and food to store in your hotel room. The location of this hotel is great, and it was very clean and the staff was extremely helpful. The pool was fantastic! I went down every morning to workout in the gym and take a swim.	
Sep 16 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights 7th-10th Sept and we thought it was great. We booked a club room and had access to the club lounge with free drinks and some food between 6-8pm. The basement pool is amazing, the staff were wonderful and the location very central.There is a large shopping mall underneath the hotel and easy access to the night food market, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel probably the best we stayed at ---until we moved to the Grand Stamford in Hong Kong.	
Sep 11 2007	5 stars hotel but customer serivce only 2 stars	Beijing: Grand Hyatt Beijing Hotel : &quot;Disappointed with their service&quot;Date : 7 Sep 07 to 12 Sep 07Reviwer: LLF : SingaporeBefore my trip to Beijing with my boss, we have searched online for hotels in Beijing, we have choosed Grand Hyatt Hotel is because we believed the hotel will provided us a good and pleasant stay during our business trip to Beijing. But quite disappointed with their service staffs.Incident 1) On Monday (10/9/07) morning, i woke up to find that my ankle swollen big like a egg size, because i went to great wall on sunday, while coming down i sprined my ankle, i thought is just a minor twised so i just apply some oil to my ankle. The first thing come to mind is to see a chinese physician. So I called concierge for help, i told them i would like to see a chinese physician, the staff told me there isnt any near the hotel, so i requested her to check for me, any place near by which i can go? She told me she will check it out for me, but after half an hour, no reply. My brother msn me, so i told him what had happen to me, he quckily contact his Singapore friend which are working in Beijing, his friend's wife came over to fetch me to see a chinese physician. Luckily i was treated early, if not my leg will be still swollen, i dont think i can walk out myself to take the flight back to Singapore. Incident 2) Tuesday (11/9/07) night, had dinner with my boss at the Grand cafe, he ordered a set meal, the menu stated server with steamed rice and your choice of soup, but the soup didnt serve. Afternoon i had the same set meal and is served with a soup of the day,so i m sure it come with a soup. So i asked one of the waitress, is it they have forgotten to serve him with the soup, but she just mumbled to my boss then just walked off. My boss didnt hear what she said, until we finished our dinner, the soup didnt serve. We were quite upset with her service, is it because we are chinese and dress casually, so she dont give a damp! Is this the kind of service which a 5 star hotel should provide?Even though these 2 incidents spoiled our impression with the hotel but they have good service from other department.The Housekeeping staff are good, they dont wear high heel and suit but they are friendly and provide good service.The room is always neat and clean, they will come in a few time to empty the rubbish. I told them i need some ice to rub my swell ankle, they immediately send it to me and even asked me to take care and walked slowly.Olympic is coming soon, with this kind of of unpleasant service, do you think foriegner will come to stay at the hotel? Please polish up the serivce! My next trip to Beijing, i will consider whether to stay with Grand Hyatt again.	
Sep 6 2007 	One of the best in Beijing and China but not yet quite international 5 star	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing from the 25th to 30th August on a family vacation cum business trip. Put up in a family room which is a double and twin rooms combined with kitchenette and living room.I have stayed at the St. Regis and Peninsula in the same city.Incentives to stay:1) The hotel has perhaps the best location of all the top hotels in Beijing all round. It is right at the doorstep of Wangfujing, the main shopping artery (also very tourisy) and right below it is a modern mall with food courts, restaurants and quick access to an underground train station. Peninsula is a 15 min. or so walk from Wangfujing's heart though its mandarin name and address suggest it is also very close by and St. Regis is out of the way and only makes sense if saving 5-15 min. (depending on traffic) to the business district is paramount.2) It is among the newest of hotels and this shows in the clean and modern interior. The Peninsula is in an old building so that despite its recent refurbishment, the age shows.3) The room was generously sized at 900+ sq. ft. for 2 bedrooms. For the price we paid, this is quite a pleasant surprise.Even requesting to see a standard room, I found the size to certainly compare to the Peninsula and be more spacious than the more expensive and cramp St. Regis.4) Unlike some other reviewers, I found the finishings at the Grand Hyatt quite acceptable. While it is not as precise as say the top hotels in Hong Kong or New York, it doesn't cost even remotely as much. I was quite content that my dollar had stretched as far as room quality was concerned.5) The hotel has a full spa and health club facility in the 2nd basement level. The gym is among the best equipped city hotel gyms I've encountered worldwide. The large indoor Olympic size pool was a nice touch for a swimmer like me.I do agree that the decor of the pool area is rather kitsch and over the top but that boils down to personal taste I suppose. I would have gone another way to keep pace with the rest of the hotel's minimalist signature Hyatt feel but I can understand where the designer was going though I cannot in good faith approve of it.6) Taxis were plentiful at nearby Wangfujing and outside the hotel lobby. In Beijing, that is a big deal.Discentives:1) Service is still unacceptable. While the mainland Chinese have not had a culture of service for years and there is definite improvement noted, especially leading up to the 2008 Olympics, it is still significantly short of world standards.While there, no staff except for the foreign expatriate management bothered to greet us or make eye contact on a routine basis. For a 5 star establishment, this is a point that needs polishing.In this regard, the St. Regis has done far better. While it's Beijing branch is not quite up to the standard of other St. Regis', comparing to the Grand Hyatt, I can see that they must have spent a lot of effort coaching their staff.2) Housekeeping at our floor was quite bad. Bedsheets were not properly done up each day despite our repeated requests and my travel mate's personal coaching of the housekeeper. There was an unfortunate incident where we had to call up the duty manager to get her to expedite housekeeping coming to our room to tidy up though we had been out since the morning and returned only around 4+ pm.Perhaps the worst point was that there was once (just once though) where not only did housekeeping not replace used shampoo, shower gel bottles etc. , they did not even bother to place the used bottles neatly and left them in a mess at the bottom of the bath tub. This is clearly a mark of lacklustre service for any hotel, much less a 5 star. I made it a point to check how many rooms were occupied on our level and noted that occupancy was less than 50% during our stay. There should be no reason for the poor housekeeping service.3) The hotel has not moved on to providing the little touches that make a true international 5 star experience. Things like fruits or petit fours etc. for a small tea awaiting you when you come back to your room or the laying out of your bedroom slippers on evening turn down were all absent.4) The hotel rooms still use cathode-ray tube TVs. The St. Regis and Peninsula have all moved on to flat screen. This is now the accepted norm at top hotels.5) The kitchen is largely for show but has a fridge. Stove area is provided but no pots, pans, cooking utensils are provided or available on request from the hotel staff. When quizzed on such an odd arrangement, the floor manager just shrugged and walked off.All in all, I still believe the Grand Hyatt has among the best rooms in terms of quality and size (barring the TV and if you stay in the family rooms, the non-functioning odd waste of space called the kitchen) and the gym is excellent for those like me who need to get exercise in to stay sane and stave off the pounds. Its location is also hands down the best of the big 5 in Beijing.However, the service is in serious need of improvement and it is this that makes a hotel an international top hotel and not merely a 5 star by facility ratings.My recommendation would be that if location, comfort of rooms are your primary concern because you have a packed meeting schedule or are on a holiday where you will be out the whole day and just want good amenities to rest and relax in, Grand Hyatt is a good choice (as long as you don't stay on the 10th floor with its rather disappointing housekeeping staff). If service matters more to you, pick the St. Regis.	
Aug 23 2007 	Disappointed in the service...	Given all the positive reviews and good location, I booked the Grand Hyatt for a 3-night stay to see the sights of Beijing, August 4th-8th.To make things easier, through the hotel concierge, I had arranged for a hotel car to greet us at the airport and drive us to the hotel. However, upon our arrival to the airport, there was nobody waiting for us. I had to call the hotel, and then 10 minutes later, the driver showed up to meet us. Then we still had to walk another 10 minutes to get to the car.Upon our arrival to the hotel, we were told our room was not ready (we arrived at 2:30pm). They held our luggage, and told us to come back in an hour. We went to the attached shopping mall, and had a late lunch. When we came back at 3:30pm, we were told our room was still not ready, come back in 30 minutes. We waited in the lobby area. When 30 minutes was up, we went back to the check-in counter, and our room was finally ready. We received our room key, and went up to our room -- however, I had requested a non-smoking room, and the room they put us in was full of smoke smell. I called down to the front desk, and asked for another room. It took another 20 minutes for someone to come and take us to another room. Finally, we arrived at the room which was suitable. However, it was not cleaned, and there were no towels or toiletries, slippers or robes, plus the room was unvacuumed. I called housekeeping, and 15 minutes later, they arrived to make the room up. By the time we finally settled into our room, it was dinner time! What a waste of time just trying to get our room!After all of this, our stay was fine. The pool was nice, and the breakfast buffet good. Being attached to the mall was convenient, and the location can't be beat (however we did use taxis to go everywhere). However, for being a 5-star hotel, I was very disappointed that our first impression was so horrible, and it really did ruin our first day of our Beijing trip. I hope they can get it together before the hoards of people arrive for the Olympics next year!	
Aug 12 2007 	Pleasant Stay at the Grand Hyatt in Beijing	The hotel is in very nice condition. My room was on the 11th floor with a window facing the fountains out front. The room was very nicely appointed. There were two robes - one terry cloth and the other soft cotton. The room was a decent size and had both a shower and jacuzi tub. One of my colleages had a room near the elevator and he said it was a closet so beware. The pool is a site to see - you kind of feel like you are in La Vegas. Two of my colleages tried the spa and said the massage was &quot;life altering&quot;... if you like deep tissue. I got a nice manicure. The fitness center is one of the best I have seen. Very nice equipment and lots of it. Good weights and they provide sports drinks for free.The &quot;Made in China&quot; restaurant has a great western breakfast - I loaded up each day before walking the city. The Italian restaurant is ok, the wine is rediculously expensive. The traditional chinese restarurant is great -really enjoyed my meal there. We hired a tour guide and car from the concierge to visit the great wall and ming tombs and were 100% satisfied. Advice: visit the Mutanyu section instead of the Bitang section ~ and GO DURING THE WEEKDAYS if you can.	
Aug 10 2007 	Genuinely the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at	My friends and I spent a weekend at the Grand Hyatt after agreeing to splash out. When we realised that splashing out would only cost about £50 a night we were ecstatic.Our trip was only bettered by a glitch with the hotel's computer systems that didn't register our request for a triple room. They could not offer us the room they had promised but offered us an upgrade to a suite for the equivalent of around £10 a night. This suite was roughly three times bigger than my apartment at the time (in Tokyo so predictably small) with two amazing bedrooms and bathrooms and a large lounge. Naturally all was spotless, state of the art and amazingly comfortable.The best thing about the hotel was definitely, however, the gym...kitted out with multiple brand-new machines it was genuinely a pleasure to work out. And the pool is huge, imaginatively decorated and surrounded by little jacuzzis and shallower pools.As an indicator of how luxe this hotel is, as we walked out of the revolving doors on our last day George Clooney happened to be walking in...I can't guarantee you'll spot him on your visit but I can guarantee that you will not be disappointed by the Grand Hyatt.	
Aug 10 2007 	Wonderful Hotel - Fantastic Service and Facilities	The Grand Hyatt is a wonderful hotel in a great location right at the heart of Beijing. You have the Oriental Shopping mall on your doorstep, Wanfuching shopping a short walk away and 10 minutes walk to Tian'anmen Sq &amp; the Forbidden City. The rooms' were very clean and well laid out. We loved the leisure facilities with probably the best hotel pool we have ever seen. The staff were exceptional with very high levels of service. It is expensive for Beijing, but relatively cheap compared with Western hotels for this standard.	
Aug 3 2007 	Pretty good!	Grand Hyatt Beijing is located in a very busy part of Beijing, with Oriental Plaza and WangFuGing locatedVERY VERY VERY close to it. However, this can mean that the hotel is very busy and room types are not always all avaliable. We stayed three times in this hotel due to PRICE and LOCATION. It was cheaper than China World during the weekdays, and was located closer to busy shopping and tourist areas. Rooms were standard hyatt style, with goose down duvets, Alo Vera/Rosemary/Mint toiletries, soft beds, Panasonic TV's, etc. Our Family suite was two bedrooms, and had a kitchenette with 6 bottles of complimentary water, plates, forks, spoons, bowls, chopsticks, Fortress refrigerator/freezer, Longde electric water kettle, teamugs (eww....very old), glass cups, etc. It was very well equipped.However, the very VERY bad part of the Grand Hyatt which annoyed us very much was that they kept ringing the door bell, for (during our three stays):1.Luggage2.Water3.Utensils4.Complimentary Food5. Smoke dectection6. (MULTIPLE TIMES!!!!!) Minibar and tableware additionsLIST GOES ON!It was simply annoying and made our stay kind of annoying.The health club was okay. It wasn't that clean or anything like that. The pool, as other reviewers have said, was very nice, large, etc. The pool to me looked pretty tropical, but was dirty. However, they had boards to help swimmers. That was pretty nice. But, they don't follow RULES! Their pool rule says everyone must wear swimming caps. However, NO ONE wore swimming caps. They should just delete all their rules instead.Breakfast @ Made in China was EXCELLENT! Besides continental breakfast (buffet style), you could order breakfast specialties, which included pancakes, waffles, dumplings, french toast, wontons, noodles, congee, etc. The good thing is...it doesn't cost additional $$$ and was made to order! That was a main reason why the breakfast was so good.Overall, the Grand Hyatt Beijing is a very good hotel for tourists and people for business.	
Jul 30 2007 	the Hyatt was worth the money	we stayed at the Hyatt the first and last nights of our trip (and in university housing for the middle nights). My first piece of advice: make sure you take the chinese characters for Hyatt with you, because none of the taxi drivers at the airport will speak English. If you go to [--] and click on &quot;maps and directions&quot; you can print out a map that has both english and chinese characters on it - very useful!! On our first stay, they allowed us to check-out at 3 pm since we didn't need to go to the university until then. On our second stay, we showed up at 9 am because we were so desperate to get away from the university housing, and they let us check in at 10 am. both times, the room was beautiful, and both times we appreciated their flexibility with check-in/check-out times. the Hyatt has western prices, but it was so easy there that it was worth it. the wireless internet worked perfectly. the mini bar had sparkling water. they helped us get taxis (by writing cards with the destination in chinese characters). they loaned us umbrellas. and it was so easy to walk to sites from the hotel, like the forbidden city and also to wander around residential streets. one thing that surprised us: we didn't think Made In China was anything special. We had read some good reviews of it, so we went there our first night. It was all fine, but nothing special.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good choice	We stayed in a 2 room suite at the Grand Hyatt for 5 days. The rooms were of a good standard and we upgraded to club on arrival(the benefits were probably less than the cost - would not do this again at this hotel). The hotel has a very impressive frontage, lobby and the spa and pool area is amazing.The hotel was used by more foreigners than locals but still a reasonable amount of chinese. The staff were very good and spoke pretty good english. They helped us get what we needed and I had nothing but positive things to say about the whole experience. We ate at the Grand Cafe one night and it was fine but a lot more expensive than any meals taken outside the hotel (but you would expect that IMO). The club has laptops that you can use for 20 mins at a time. The breakfast at the club was adequate but the evening offering was pretty sparse and we did not use this much. If I were to return then I would chose to eat in the restaurant downstairs.The location was a real bonus if you want to walk to the Forbidden city and T Square. Plenty shops and places to eat within walking distance.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great but pricy Grand Hyatt	We stayed at a 2 bedroom suite at the Grand with a family of 4. The hotel is clearly a 5-star category hotel, but does not reach a Four Seasons level. The facility is beautiful and we loved the outstanding pool and fitness facility. Both are open 24 h. When there was a downpour in Beijing, the pool was a lifesaver for the kids. The staff is helpful and friendly. If you arrive after a long flight and your room is not yet ready, they offer you to use the locker room and shower to refresh, a wonderful feature since the locker rooms are truly outstanding.The breakfast buffet was included in our room rate (more on that later), but I think it is overpriced and has a limited selection. We have stayed at other Asian top hotels with a much better selection for breakfast. I don't think it would be worth paying for the buffet separately. Upon checkout we found that they had charged breakfast for 2 of the 4 people in our family, even though I specifically asked about this when reserving the room. After some discussion, the staff took the extra breakfast charges off the bill.High speed internet in the room was VERY expensive.The regular rates for the hotel are quite steep, but there is a special weekend rate for families. That rate was not available on the website, but it was when I called Hyatt directly. This is a hugely discounted rate, available on weekends. It did allow us to stay at this hotel for a great price in a large suite.The hotel location is as good as it gets. Within walking distance of the forbidden city, Tiannamen square and the Wangfujing shopping street. The hotel is located in a complex with seriously upscale retail,a bonus for those in the market for the best of the best.We did not eat lunches or dinner and the Hyatt, but their cafe lattes were inferior in quality for a very inflated price. Zoe's is a small western-style restaurant around the corner with good western food, excellent coffees, ditto service and half the price of the Hyatt.Our stay at the Hyatt was a good value because of the weekend rate and I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 2 2007 	It's all been said already	A terrific hotel. Well located. Great rooms. Terrific service. I liked the buffet breakfast. The entrance to the mall is convenient, particularly since it leads out to the main shopping area. One could argue that it doens't feel like you're in China...but if anything, it does actually reflect China and all of it's wonderous development.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great! Improvements to many details since 2005	As most other reviewers have noted, this is a great hotel and definitely one of the best -- possibly the very best -- in Beijing. Instead of duplicating all of those positive &amp; accurate descriptions -- large rooms, luxurious decorations, impressive pool, good service -- I want to update a previous review where I noted some problems in 2005. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in late 2005 and found it to be nice but lacking in attention to detail. I was pleasantly surprised this time to find that almost all of the annoyances had been improved.First, the beds used to be very, very hard. No more! The bed was luxurious and very comfortable. I slept amazingly well, every single night, even with jetlag. In 2005, I heard a lot of noise from outside, but this time the room was perfectly quiet day and night (perhaps it helps to be on the back side of the hotel). Also, in 2005, I noted a variety of minor imperfections in the rooms, such as misaligned shower doors and unpadded carpet. This time, those were all fine. In short, the hotel seems to be better than ever and I have no reservations about recommending it highly.One reviewer has noted that the breakfast buffet is not as good as some of the enormous buffets in Asia. In my experience, it's middle of the road -- nothing to write home about, but certainly adequate and better than many. The a la carte breakfast menu, which I prefer, was better than the menus at most places that have buffets.The restaurants in the hotel vary in quality. Made in China has fabulous, fresh, delicious Beijing style food, but the Noble Court Cantonese restaurant was not impressive. Dinner at Da Giorgio was truly first-rate Italian (they even had a special black truffle tasting menu), approaching par with top restaurants in the US, apart from an adequate but limited wine list. The Grand Cafe, which is the 24-hour restaurant, was adequate and predictable. The Patisserie was nice although more focused on desserts than I would prefer. I didn't go to Redmoon (Japanese). One important tip for Made in China and Da Giorgio is to make reservations in the morning; they are small and justly popular, and we were unable to get in either one at the last minute.Service at the hotel is excellent. It's not quite on a par with the best Japanese hotels (where guests are almost nobility), but is better than most hotels in the US.Four final tips on enjoying Beijing: (1) Be sure to take a guidebook or address card with addresses in Chinese everywhere. Most taxi drivers still do not understand any English, not even the name &quot;Grand Hyatt&quot; (in a pinch, ask for the Metro stop, &quot;Wanfujing&quot;).(2) Get out of the tourist areas and explore some of the hutongs (traditional residential/market alleyways). We found wonderful places just by walking west of the Forbidden City and then north and around in a big loop. (3) Get the hotel to reserve a car service to and from the airport. This costs significantly more than a taxi (~$70 instead of ~$13), but it will be easier, cleaner, roomier, air conditioned, safer (most cabs don't have seatbelts), and will come with personal assistance with baggage and checkin at the airport. (4) Take the subway at least some of the time. We rode it multiple times and it was fast, efficient, safe, clean, and cheap ($0.40 for a central area ticket). Navigating with English was no problem on the central lines. You'll need a good map once you exit the subway, of course (I recommend the Lonely Planet &quot;Best of Beijing&quot; for a useful guide but great map, and it will fit into a pocket).	
Jun 21 2007 	Just look at the pool!	Amazing...simply amazing....okay I have stayed in hotels that I've enjoyed more, or maybe I thought they were even nicer....but this hotel definately deserves it's 5 star rating. Great food all around, including room service. The pool looks like something out of a Las Vegas hotel...pretty swanky. And the service is tops in my book.	
Jun 1 2007 	Truly elegant	Asia does luxury hotels better than anywhere else i've been and the Grand Hyatt is no exception. We spent 3 nights there in September. A bargain compared to hotels in Europe and the states. We paid around $300/night for a large suite with separate living/work area. Floor to ceiling windows with a view over the Forbidden City.What i liked most about the hotel was the variety of restaurants in the hotel and the location. We loved the Royal Court for dim sum (the champagne brunch dim sum was great - ate off the menu - no rolling carts - until we literally rolled out of the restaurant and had plenty of Veuve Clicquot along with it). Made in China is a hip restaurant on the lobby level that serves updated/modern versions of traditional dishes. Great bok choy!The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of both tiannamen square and the forbidden city. The hotel is located upstairs from a shopping mall which is fine but mostly useful if you forget a sundry item from home.The pool is fantastic! it's located on the basement level with a cushy, but not large, gym. the locker rooms are spa-like. The pool itself is incredible - really large with grotto-like walls and little hiding places and waterfalls. lots of lounge chairs lying about.	
May 28 2007 	Extraordinarily good	We stayed here at both the beginning and end of our China trip, and very much enjoyed it. The location is superb for tourists, close to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, attached to a shopping mall with surprisingly good inexpensive casual food options, and very close to the night market. (Unfortunately, the location is not as good for business travelers - it is only a few miles from Beijing's office towers, but since traffic is so bad, it took 30-40 minutes each way for my husband to get to his business meetings.) We stayed in two different 1 bedroom suites, and both were quite nice. Each had a kitchenette with fridge and microwave and dishes for two. The linens were fantastic, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathrooms were spectacular. We ate in both the main restaurant (Made in China) and the Cantonese restaurant (Noble Court). Neither restaurant was a bargain, but they were both extremely good (Made in China had better atmosphere, and Noble Court had better food).I booked a 410RMB day trip to the great wall and the ming tombs through the concierge desk - was expecting a big tour bus that would pick up people from several hotels before herding us into the hills, so was thrilled to have a trip with only three other guests in a Mercedes minivan. The tour guide mentioned that because Hyatt was such an important account for his company, they rolled out the better cars for them (the tour guide himself was extraordinarily engaging and knowledgeable, with impeccable English - I'm willing to bet the company rolls out its best guides for Hyatt, too).We only truly appreciated this place after being on the road for over a week, staying at other hotels in the interior of the country, where small rooms, hard beds, and tired facilities were more common. When we checked into the Hyatt again, they already had a note in the computer system about our stored luggage, and delivered it up to our suite about five minutes after we arrived with a &quot;welcome back&quot;. The level of service and attention to detail was spectacular - it was a very nice way to recharge before the long trip back home.	
May 17 2007 	Great location fine staff	The Hyatt's location can not be beat, connecting to a large shopping mall and near the Wangfujing pedestrian shopping street. It's also convenient to the metro, although with taxis so cheap, that's not as important as one might think.The staff is also top-notch, with decent English ability throughout the lobby. After requesting a Herald Tribune once at the bell desk, it started showing up at our room in the evening, in addition to the morning China Daily.The weak spot of the Hyatt is the rooms, which although quite adequate, do not match other hotels in this price range. The bed was comfortable, but a queen, not a king, with a smaller tv rather than a flat panel. The room was not well lit, the shower stall leaked, and the TV next door could be heard through the walls. Nicer rooms can be had at newer hotels for the price we paid - we couldn't find the better online rates that other reviewers mentioned. Still, the location made the Hyatt worthwhile. The compact breakfast buffet offers decent selection and quality but not what you'd expect at the price. However, if you like spicy food, don't miss the made-to-order green bean breakfast pancake. The business center offered internet terminals at a sky-high 3 yuan per minute!Despite some shortcomings, the Hyatt is tops for the location. What we spent on the pricey breakfasts, we made up on the dinners at the quite decent restaurants in the mall's food court and the nearby Quanjuede Bejing Duck restaurant. And for shopping, save yourself a trip to the Friendship Store; try the Artisans' Mansion just up Wangfujing St.	
May 15 2007 	Great place to impress someone	I saw the hotel last time I stayed in Beijing, and it looked impressive. Check in staff was super. They recommended that I upgrade and showed me the room. I loved it! Everything was nice. The hotel is certainly grand. The location is perfect, near a lot of fun things. Underneath the hotel is the entrance to a major shopping mall. Can't be more convenient than that! The hotel also provided in house massage and the girls were really NICE :) The only problem I encountered was that the nearest ATM was several blocks away..... But other than that, a great experience. Internet connection was very good.And you gotta see the huge pool area..... super nice tropical look. One of the best I've seen. Really enjoyed it's unique look. Felt almost like Hawaii !Oh and the restaurants were very popular. Tried to get a walk in 2 times.... no luck. Make reservations!	
May 10 2007 	Good but overrated	I visited the hotel in May during the Chinese public holidays with my family. We took a grand deluxe room which is great for family vacation since it has a separate Living and sleeping area and also features a small kitchen. Otherwise the room was nothing special. Very standard and even still with standard TVs. Also due to facing another building the room was pretty dark but at least quiet.A big disappointment was the breakfast buffet which served the same food every day and is not comparable to other Hyatt breakfast buffets. It is on the small side. On the other side, the swimming pool is great for kids!We chose the hotel for the location and that was a true benefit. Walking distance to the forbidden city and tiananmen as well as right next to Wangfujing Rd and set on top of a shopping center. In general, this is my third Hyatt hotel I stayed in in China and I'm pretty sure that it was my last time...at least for leisure. They don't do anything wrong but they also don't excel in anything. They are pricey and for that they just don't deliver a satisfactory result. It is hard to describe but the words emotionless and sterile best describe what you get for your money. Service is also only average and some of the staff does not seem to be trained to well. Next time we will choose a different hotel, I'm sure. For a business traveller however, who basically just needs everything to function well and who does not spend too much time in the hotel itself, the Hyatt might not be a bad choice.	
May 8 2007 	The Grand Hyatt - A great experience and a very central hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at The Grand Hyatt. Everything was excellent and the staff could not do enough for us. Our room was very nice and extremely well appointed with a very comfortable bed. We chose to upgrade ourselves to the executive lounge and found that this was well worth the money - a beautiful breakfast with lots of choices, coffee, tea, soft drinks and nibbles all day and cocktails and fantastic hor d'ouvres from 5-8pm each night.The pool in the basement has to be seen to be believed and it and all the other facilities were very well used by my husband.The hotel is walking distance from Tiannamen Square and The Forbidden City which was a huge bonus. There are limitless taxis available outside the hotel for other journeys and the doormen will make sure that the driver knows your destination.The concierge service was second to none and gave us fantastic advice when we needed it.Underneath the hotel there is an extensive shopping mall with lots of restaurants and shops. We particularly liked the bakers where we could buy delicious sandwiches to take with us when we went out for the day.All in all it was a great place to stay and it was particularly good to get back to the calm of the hotel in the evenings after the hustle and bustle of Beijing.We would definitely stay here again.	
May 7 2007 	It's a Foreigner!	My girlfriend and I stopped off in Beijing for New Years. We chose the Grand Hyatt for its central location, and 5 star standard. On both counts, the Grand Hyatt could not be faulted.After a chaotic flight from Australia where Qantas managed to lose our luggage (and those of many other passengers), we were warmly greeted by the Hyatt's reception staff, all of whom spoke very good English. They were very helpful in understanding out plight (i.e. no change of clothes, just before New Years Eve, and in -5C temperatures!), and contacted the airport to help secure our belongings on the following day.While we chose not to upgrade the room for an extra $20 per night, our room was large and clean, and the hotel's interior befitted its &quot;Grand&quot; Hyatt name. The lagoon pool is just surreal, and has to be seen to be believed. We made sure that we had a dip every day.Hotel amenities were what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The concierge service provided all manner of assistance required, including making restaurant and tour bookings, and writing down your destination in Chinese for the taxi drivers. Keep those cards if you ever get lost in Beijing - they were very helpful.The hotel's location cannot be faulted. It is very close to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, and right above the Oriental Plaza shopping mall. Despite what others may have had to say about this, it was a saviour for those of us without luggage or appropriate clothing for dining out on New Years Eve.We spent New Years Eve at the Noble Court restaurant within the hotel, and had a lovely dinner. We then gathered at the hotel bar to see who would win the prizes for New Years. Every time a non-Chinese sounding name was drawn by the hostess, the cries of &quot;It's a Foreigner!&quot; rang throughout the bar - to much mirth from all the Westerners standing around!Our only drawback at the Grand Hyatt was on check-out where we discovered that the breakfast arrangements were not quite what had been expected. Our room rate included breakfast, but we were later to be told that this was only available in the Made In China restaurant. On none of our 4 days there was Made In China open for breakfast, and hotel staff directed us to the Grand Cafe for breakfast, whereupon we voided our inclusive breakfast and were charged each time (at a much higher rate than Made In China). This happened to several other guests as well, and although we managed to negotiate a discount on the breakfasts, it did provide a sour note upon parting.Our advice is therefore to beware at breakfast, but otherwise enjoy yourself to the hilt because it was otherwise a lovely base in the chaos that is 21st Century Beijing.	
May 7 2007 	Modern hotel in the best location	As a first time visitor to Beijing taking my parents on a once in a lifetime holiday I wanted everything to be perfect. Fortunately I realised what a large scale Beijing is on, so decided to stay right in the middle of the city. This was a very wise choice. Travelling anywhere takes forever, stuck in traffic jams. This hotel is within walking distance of a number of the main attractions, so if the traffic looks bad or if it is a particularly pleasant day, walking is a very good option. Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City are approx 15 minutes walk.The Hyatt is also adjacent to a subway station, but I never managed to try this out. New lines are being constructed, so it will become more useful as these open.The hotel is incredibly impressive, set in an elevated plaza off one of Bejing's main thoroughfares. I liked the modern appearance both inside and out of the hotel. Our Grand Suite rooms were extremely large, unfussy and extremely well equipped. I thought for the type of room it was particularly good value for money, coming with Club access as well.However, I was very disappointed to learn that internet access was charged at 3RMB per minute up to a maximum charge of 120RMB per 24 hours. This was typical of the hotel, all the extras were expensive, food and drink was quite frankly extortionate. A large bottle of mineral water was 88RMB. A glass of average wine, over 100RMB!As others have noted the pool is absolutely stunning, unlike any other hotel pool I've ever seen!My other shortlisted choice was the Peninsula, in the end I choose the Hyatt purely on cost. I got a far better deal at the Hyatt for far better equipped and larger rooms. I did visit the Peninsula twice, for afternoon tea (disappointing) and an excellent meal at Huang Ting restaurant. Food and drink was actually cheaper at the Peninsula, and whilst service at the Hyatt was very good, I would say that the Peninsula had the edge. The two hotels are only a 10 minute walk from one another, so by all means stay at the Hyatt for the cheaper rooms and eat at the cheaper Peninsula!I would definitely go back to the Hyatt for the comfortable rooms, club lounge, pool and convenient location. I'll just be eating elsewhere!	
May 6 2007 	The place to stay in beijing!	Stayed here with my family of four. We had a suite (i.e. 2bedrooms, 2bathrooms, kitchen, living room, 3 tvs) See the attached pictures. From the minute you walk in, you will feel the grandness of this hotel. Yes, it is a little expensive, but you get what you pay for. If you want a 5star hotel in this area of beijing, then you will have to pay. The advantage that I saw was the ability to book a suite for the 4 of us. The staff is very friendly. Other hotel amenities include: an amazing indoor pool (bring your swim suit), fitness center, complete business center, conference room, attached shopping mall, and many restaurants. Also, the hotel provides complimentary bottled water each day. The hotel is located about a 10min to Fobidden City/Tianamen Square. All tours and transportation (airfare, train tix) could be booked thru the hotel (obviously more expensive). For breakfast, the buffet has both western and asian selections. There is an omlette, waffle, and juice station. I also ate at two of their other restaurants. The restaurant &quot;Made-In-China&quot; has a great menu and the Peking duck seems to be the speciality. Make reservations for this place as it tends to fill up quickly with locals and other tourists. The other restaurant was the generic 24h dining option and the food was good, not great, but since we ate their after our long flight from america it was fine. Overall, this is a 5star hotel and the service is great, rooms are nice, and the location can't be beat.	
Apr 18 2007 	Truly Lovely Hotel	We had originally booked another hotel through Hostelworld for A$30 each a night but when we eventually arrived we found that no one at that hotel spoke English, they had no record of our booking and worst of all, because it was nearly 12pm on a freezing cold night, they had no rooms.We are not people who usually stay in a five-star hotel.But the Grand Hyatti was so warm and welcoming after all the problems we had had and the suite was so nice (two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room and kitchen for A$200 each a night) that we decided to stay there for the whole four days.It is very central being within walking distance of the Forbidden City and the Silk Market. It is also above a giant mall where there are lots of cheap food courts. There is also of another mall at street level with food stalls.The hotel swimming pool is just fabulous. After what had looked like being a disaster, we ended up loving our four days in Beijing,	
Apr 14 2007	Solid Location and Mall	This hotel is very modern and centrally located to all of Beijing's major sights. It is also attached to the Oriental Plaza shopping mall which has additional restaurants and is quite upscale. I also ate at the Made in China restaurant recommended by previous reviewers and enjoyed the different cooking stations behind the glass.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Grand Hyatt	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt from March 11 - 18th. We were a family of 4 (2 kids), and stayed in their 2-bedroom suite. The room was wonderful with 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, a living room, a small kitchen, and an office. Always very clean. Service at the reception prompt and excellent, and everyone spoke English. We ate breakfast there and one lunch. Service at the Restaurant was very good. Breakfast (Buffet) or otherwise was overpriced I felt ($25-$30 pp!), but food was excellent. Pool is definitely not to be missed... at least look at it, and the Fitness room very large, clean, and full of up to date machines. Very nice mall under the Hotel, with lots of (not cheap shopping), 3 bakeries, a grocery store, drug store, and many mall-type restaurants, plus the subway station. Was within 10 minutes walk to the Forbidden City and Tianmen Sq., plus a couple of great shopping streets at the corners of the hotel. My only negative of the hotel came from my 14 year old who thought that the hotel wasn't &quot;child friendly&quot;, meaning it wasn't full of families. I explained that this is a major hotel in a major city and was not meant as a resort type hotel. However, it was obvious most of the clientèle were there on business, and we did go off season.One Note, at the level of this luxury I believe the available Internet (broadband) should be offered free.Would definitely stay there again and get a B&amp;B rate	
Mar 17 2007	Awesome Hotel Great Service	Stayed in the family suite (2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, living room) because we have 2 kids and that was the requirement by the hotel. Thoroughly enjoyed the people, hotel and amenities. Everything was excellent. If you have kids, use the pool and play area on the lowest level. Also, hotel is attached to great mall with grocery store. There were always people available to help with any questions.Couple tips: If you book the family package that includes daily gifts for the kids, you may have to call to get those items. The hotel didn't seem to know about those items listed on Hyatt's web-site with the rate. We gave up after the second day. Also, if your rate includes the breakfast, which you better hope it does if you eat at the hotel (appr. $80 for family of 4 per day), you should know that the 15% service charge and tax (about $24 for family of 4) will still show up on your bill.	
Mar 15 2007	Great Location	This hotel was great location and we could easily walk to Tianamen Square and Forbidden City. The concierge patiently hand wrote all our requests for cab drivers, none of which spoke English, so that we could get from place to place. Our room was nice and lobby bright and cheery. Good restaurant on second floor, but pricey for China.	
Mar 5 2007 	Never wanted to leave!	I stayed here for 4 nights on a business trip - 3 nights in a suite on the executive floor and my 4th night in a standard room. The quality of this hotel lives up to the initial impression you gain when you first drive up to the impressive fountain and enter the enormous lobby. The service is excellent (all staff speak very good English) and the food is amazing (highly recommend Made in China, the Italian restaurant and the 2nd floor Cafe buffet, all of which you can comfortably dine in alone). If you can, make a reservation for Made in China in advance, as it is very popular. The rooms are modern, tastefully decorated, with comfortable beds and great showers! Interestingly, there is hardly any difference between the bedroom of a suite and a standard room.I had one day to explore Beijing and booked a guided tour via the front desk at 11pm on the night prior to the tour (cost: CNY 460). I'm so glad I did, as the tour was great value and our guide, John, very informative. We saw Tianenmen Square, Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven and Summer Palace, with a stop for lunch (very good Chinese food catering for the Western palate). There were 12 of us on the tour, we were collected at 8.45am and dropped off by the mini-bus at 6pm and didn't have to worry about a thing - perfect if you're unfamiliar with Beijing and have limited time.	
Feb 23 2007 	wonderful !!!!	this hotel was the best we ever had ! let me say that we are familiar with palaces. It is rare that there is nothing to criticize : nice staff, discret luxury and a marvelous swimming pool !	
Feb 7 2007 	Excellent hotel	This is an excellent hotel - wonderful staff and service. The basic rooms are small, but adequate for a five-night stay that I had. The bathrooms are well appointed with a large shower and separate bath. Room service is quick and quite respectable, although the menu is a tad limited. Overall a wonderful experience.	
Feb 1 2007 	Best hotel in Beijing	We stayed for two nights and walked to all major sights - Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square etc.High quality - service, sleeping rooms, bathroom, restuarants.Made in China restaurant has excellent food and you have the shopping mall food court downstairs.	
Jan 20 2007	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed here on business.Located very near the offices of many American tech companies, this is very convenient. It is also attached to a very upscale, very boring (international) shopping mall.The hotel is very nice, with a nice lobby bar. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants. The room was very nice, clean, and completely meet all my expectations from a &quot;grand&quot; Hyatt.	
Jan 13 2007 	The Hyatts @ The Hyatt	What can we say, from the moment we stepped out of our Limo, we were treated like the Emporer and Empress of China, absolutely magnificent. Our first visit to China, we had the most wonderful time, and &quot; The Hyatt&quot; made it for us. What a fabulous Hotel, &amp; Location. It was -5C outside, but brilliant sunshine; we walked and walked, explored this fabulous City, we shall return to 2 our Hotel in 2007 again.Thoroughly recommended to anyone, what service! Anthony &amp; Gloria HYATT Cardiff Wales. United Kingdom	
Jan 9 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights with our 11 year old daughter during our first visit to China. We loved this hotel! The location was wonderful - we loved being able to walk to Wangfujing Street for interesting shopping. The shopping mall that was attached to the hotel was huge, with lots of upscale shops and restaurants (even a very interesting grocery store!) and was nice to be able to wander around in at night when the weather was too cold to go outside. The lobby was spectacular and room was very nice. We were in a deluxe room with separate bedroom and mini kitchen, which gave our daughter a separate room to sleep in (although the rollaway bed was rock hard - she slept on the couch after the first night!) The room was very nicely decorated and bathroom was wonderful - neat feature in the mirror where it doesn't fog up right over the sink so you can see yourself even right after a shower! We were on the Regency Club floor which was well worth it. The breakfast each morning was lovely, the evening hors d'eouvres and cocktails had a huge spread and the service was impeccable! When we wanted to check email they handed us a laptop computer for our use anywhere in the lounge...free of charge.Last but not least, the pool is not to be missed. An entire floor in the basement, you arrive and think you've been transported to the tropics! We had not brought our suits, and worked hard to find some to buy (in November!) because the pool and hot tub were so inviting that we couldn't pass it up! It was a perfect end to the busy days of sightseeing to swim, sit in the hot tub, and drink smoothies in lounge chairs while looking at palm trees and listening to waterfalls!I would highly recomend this hotel for anyone staying in Beijing for any purpose! The people that we met in Beijing were lovely and interesting to talk to, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel and this city.	
Jan 9 2007 	Lovely hotel friendly staff	Having come from a wonderful experience at the Ritz-Carlton in Hong Kong, the Beijing Hyatt had a lot to live up to, and it came pretty close!Check-in was a bit slow and formal, but the rooms were very comfortable, if a little sparsely decorated. The staff throughout the hotel were always friendly, if a little stretched with English. Room service was excellent (particularly the sandwiches!!), and the Club lounge was very pleasant.The pool is huge and somewhat surreal, and the massages in the spa were excellent.While it doesn't quite have the &quot;home away from home&quot; feel that the HK Ritz-Carlton had, it's a great hotel, and quite a bit cheaper!	
Jan 4 2007 	Outstanding hotel	This has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The staff were impeccable and their level of customer service was second to none. This is a magical hotel. It's in a great location (above a shopping mall with direct access via the hotel lifts and walking distant to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square). The rooms were very nicely decorated and furnished and most importantly , they were very clean and spacious. I know some of the rooms were undergoing rennovation which was good to see as that shows they're commitment to investing in the ongoing upkeep of the hotel. I had access to the executive lounge which offered a free breakfast in the monring and canapes and cocktails in the evening. The quality of the food and drinks was very high and again, the staff in the lounge were incredibly attentive (they reminded me of CIA/FBI agents with their little earpiece mics!). I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Beijing either for business or pleasure or both.	
Jan 3 2007 	Could hardly be any better!	This is an excellent hotel. The location is ideal - within 10 min walk to the Forbidden City. The staff is very helpful and organised tours to the Great Wall for us. All the restaurants (jncluidng the 24h Grand Cafe) were top class, which added to the convenience. The staff was very helpful and everyone spoke English. Rooms were clean, quiet and very well serviced, if I have to be really picky, I would say that perhaps the air con / heating could have been slightly more efficient. Definitively recommended and would definitively be my first choice if I went back to Beijing. Note: I booked from the hotel's website direct and found this to be the cheapest way to book a room there.	
Dec 31 2006 	Wow	Spectacular hotel. Wonderful service. Well located -- 10 minute walk to T'men Sq. Restaurants in the hotel are wonderful. Attached to a very high end shopping mall. The indoor pool in the basement is great, a tropical paradise. Children would love it (though I was travelling alone for work). Can't wait to come back with my family.	
Dec 16 2006 	Excellent Hotel with Great Location	We stayed here for a week and were very pleased with the hotel. It is very well located as it is within comfortable walking distance of several major attractions. It is also built on top of a shopping mall that has a food court and a grocery store that provided alternative sources of food. My hosts were paying for the hotel so I do not know what the hotel itself cost but meals in the hotel were pretty expensive.Our room was very comfortable and ultra clean. The staff were uniformly excellent. The hotel lobby is a great place to sit and watch the world go around. The gym is as good as I've seen in a hotel in a while. The pool is amazing - do not forget your bathing suit no matter what time of year you are there. While I have some reservations in recommending Beijing I have no reservation in recommending this hotel.	
Nov 19 2006	great lobby 4 stars rooms	I planned to stay at the Grand Hyatt for 5 nights and I left after the first one. The hotel is great when it comes to the common areas (lobby, live music and a fantastic japanese restaurant) but the rooms (and I checked at least 5 of them) are just good for a 4 start average city hotel in Europe. This is the second time that I have this problem with a Hyatt, the other was in Casablanca. Again, great lobby, disappointing rooms.	
Nov 14 2006	Okay but not fabulous	Stayed for 3 days in October 2006. Hotel is in fantastic location. Easily walk to Forbidden City, etc.- Rooms are okay, nothing special. A little on the small side. Low ceilings make the room seem even smaller. - Service is good, but erratic. I had great experience, found one concierge to be especially helpful. Yet, my colleague had very bad experience (concierge desk couldn't locate restaurant that they previously recommended to me even though he had the name &amp; it was behind the hotel). Once again, finding that's it's pretty par for China, just not a lot of consistency &amp; quality control even at the highest end.- Pool is pretty spectacular, looks like a tropical island. However, not especially peaceful as there are lots of kids running around.- Restaurants are good, just expensive (but that's par for this type of hotel).- Mall underground is very convenient. Clothing/jewelry stores are extremely high end &amp; more expensive than NYC, but food court is wonderfully convenient for snacking. Also, Citibank &amp; HSBC ATM's, as well as full-service grocery store&amp; drug store.	
Nov 14 2006 	Possibly one of the finest properties I have stayed in	The property is one of the best I have stayed in. The entry and lobby are stunning, the rooms are modern and very comfortable, the spa is very well equipped, the pool is stunning and the fitness room (or rooms) is better than many fitness clubs. The restaurant serves an amazing buffet breakfast. Everything from bagels, to eggs to prime rib. Also had lunch one day in their cafe. The food was western and pretty good.Location is great, a short walk to Tiananmen Square and only a slightly longer walk to the Forbidden City.	
Nov 1 2006 	Liked it.	Rooms (14th floor) were spacious, decorated in a contemporary style and clean. Bathroom also spacious and lots of extra's. Buffetbreakfast above the lobby has more than enough choice and a nice view from arriving/departing guests. Go for a walk if you want to see the forbidden city and Tiannamen square at any time of the day. Shopping is all around the hotel and there is even a Starbuck nearby.	
Oct 26 2006 	Good hotel great location	We stayed in the Grand Hyatt Beijing Oct 8-12. The hotel is very good for the price, but not amazing. The standard room we had was comfortable and clean. The bed was fine - not sure what all the complaints were about. The gym/pool/spa area was very nice. The services (specifically the bell desk) was commendable. The best thing about the hotel I feel is the location. There's a mall below/next to the hotel with good and varied food court. In addition, you can access the subway from there. Also it's walking distance to Wanfujing street via the mall. For those that want to try Quanjude Beijing Duck, there's a branch in Wanfujing - walking distance from the hotel. For those staying longer, there's a laundry service in the mall that is a lot cheaper than the hotel laundry services.We had one negative issue with the front desk. We ate at the food court in the mall beneath the hotel for most of the breakfast - it was only $5 for 2 and delicious (congee, hot soy milk, dumplings). However, the last day we decided to try the buffet. We asked the front desk if the rate included the buffet breakfast and she said yes. When we checked out we found that they charged us $250RMB each for the breakfast. We might have paid for it just to try but didn't appreciate being misled. We didn't really argue much because it would've been fruitless. If your room rate doesn't include the breakfast, it's definitely not worth the $250RMB.Overall, if you can get the room for under $200USD, I think it's worth it.	
Oct 19 2006	Declining	On average I spend up to a week staying in this hotel for the last year or so for business. The location and decor are great, but since last year I began to notice a decline in service standard, I believe mostly a result of it success as the place is often overbooked. The standard rooms are already small by Beijing standard, and the last time I checked in I was put next to a room that was under renovation. The noises started to kick in as early as 8am. They are also starting to miss a lot of details - like fruit plate for gold card members, etc,. They do have a good gym and pool, but with new hotels coming up this one will soon lose its attention.	
Sep 25 2006 	Great Experience	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt from Sept 16-20. It is the best hotel in Beijing for its location, service and cleanliness. The lobby is beautiful and the staff are extremely attentive. We booked a room on the club floor, which was worth the extra costs. The room itself was very clean although a bit small. The decor is contemporary . The marble bathroom with its separate shower was nice also. Some people complained about the bed being hard but for us, it was perfect. I'd rather sleep on a firm mattress in a hotel than on a lumpy one. For those debating whether to book at the Peninsula or at the Hyatt (like I was), go with the Hyatt.We were in front of the Peninsula and I was not at all impressed. Their location is not as good either. The Hyatt has very easy access to the main attractions in Beijing. It also has a shopping center connected to the lobby with a very good and inexpensive food court . You can also access the subway from the shopping center to go to the Forbidden City and Tianeman Square for 3 RMB (1 stop), instead of walking (10-15 min).My husband enjoyed the 24h gym-it had a lot of equipment and the staff there was exceptional as well. The pool and hot tubs were incredible just as everyone said.	
Sep 5 2006 	Loved it!	The Grand Hyatt is a beautiful property located close to Tianamen square and the Forbidden City. It's located a floor or two above a large shopping center (handy as there are banks, drugstores and quick/cheap places to eat). We stayed on the club level which meant check in was in our room (nice touch), we had a separate concierge (albeit not speaking english as well as those in the lobby) and a delicious free breakfast and afternoon drinks.We had the grand suite - a nice bedroom with separate living/work area.	
Jul 31 2006 	Absolutely Fabulous!	As you have probably heard from other reviewers, this hotel is absolutely wonderful! We got the room for a steal ($150 a night) probably because it was the May Day holiday. Initially we requested a roll-away bed but, upon seeing the quite large double beds, we cancelled the request.Our favorite thing was the staff. We met a visitor who spoke no English and the front desk/concierge staff assisted with translation.The location is the best. Below the hotel is a huge and fun &quot;western style upscale mall&quot;. Just a short block down the street and we were in my favorite shopping district in Beijing.The only negative was the Hyatt's response to my numerous requests for the address in Mandarin. All of the other hotels on our trip were able to provide their address after one request but the Hyatt never did (two e-mails, one e-mail directly to the property, and one phone call to customer service). This is nice to have when at the airport.Anyway, enjoy the hotel and make sure to allow time for a dip in the pool or a soak in the whirlpool in the dressing room. Trust me, it's worth it!	
Jul 24 2006 	Great hotel for families	Stayed in this hotel for 6 days in early July and loved it. Service is impeccable, rooms nicely appointed. I had read that the beds were too firm, but I thought they were very comfortable. The pool is incredible- our kids never wanted to leave. Very convenient location.	
Jul 21 2006 	Made in China	My wife and I love cruising and we always stay both before and after the cruise to get &quot; the lay of the land.&quot; Our cruise was from Beijing (Tianjin is Beijing's port city, about 2 hours away) to Hong Kong. We stayed at 3 different Hyatt's for this trip. The Hyatt Grand Beijing is a World Class Hotel. While most of the reviews I have read on TripAdvisor say that the HGB is a business hotel, it is also a very excellent tourist hotel. The HGB is located within walking distance of many of the important sites n Beijing. It is also located close to the subway which allows you to travel anywhere in the Beijing metroplex. The best part of the HGB is the people - the staff. Everyone in the Concierge level. They treated us like visiting Nobility. The rooms were well appointed and comfortable. The was some construction noise toward the end of our trip but we did not spend much time in our room. The staff apologized for any inconvenience caused by the remodeling that was going on during the day.The food at the HGB was outstanding. The buffet is delightful and the selection was fantastic. The Club Level provided my morning coffee and satisfied my wife's early morning hungers before a day of being a tourist. I want to make a special mention of Johnny Xue who manages Made in China, a presentation kitchen/restaurant, which excels in the fine art of Chinese Cooking. What a treat it was. And if any Hyatt Executives happen to read this review, the young Mr. Massey is an up and comer. I hope you keep him in the Company.If you have a tour guide that is going to pick you up at the Hotel, let the Doormen know. It is helpful if you can give them some information about the car or the guide so they will all him to pick you up. Parking area is a big problem at the HGB.	
Jul 20 2006 	Best hotel in China.	This hotel was by far the best we experienced in China. Everything about this hotel was excellent. Check-in was fast and easy.The room we booked was a two bedroom apartment which was spacious and had three TV's, two bathrooms, lounge room, dining table and well appointed kitchen.The housekeeping staff were so efficient, as soon as you left your room it was cleaned perfectly, unlike other hotels where at 4pm when returning from a day out the room is still not cleaned.The breakfast food was very fresh with a large variety. The restaurant also served delicious food a la carte. The Club Oasis was amazing, the pool and gym sensational. The machines were constantly being sterilised as well. Seeing this pool was an experience in itself. The hotel is attached to a mall which has lots of shops both upmarket and local, as well as an excellent food court and restaurants. Excellent hotel.	
Jun 27 2006	True 5 star in the heart of Beijing	My family of 5 (with 3 kids) just stayed in this magnificent hotel for several nights and we liked everything at this hotel - room, service, restaurant, location, and oh, the swimming pool specially designed for children (the water depth for the entire pool is 0.5-1.4 meters). My wife thought the bed was a bit hard, but everyone else in the family felt the beds were just fine. The 2-bedroom suite we stayed in was spacious and well equiped - the bathrooms have both 115V and 220V recepticles (which can be used for charging a shaver or other small devices such as a gameboy player) and the work desk comes with two universal recepticles that allow you to directly plug in your notebook computer without any international adaptors. The hotel is connected to an upscale shopping center where you can find restaurants of all kinds including MacDonalds, Dairy Queen, KFC, and bakery shops. A pedestrians-only shopping street and the metro (subway) are just steps away. Everything at this hotel is expensive (an American Breakfast costs about 27 USD, a box of match costs 3 USD), but it's a true 5-star status hotel and it's well worth the money.	
May 31 2006	Good but not great	We just returned from staying at the Grand Hyatt (May 24th - 27th). I agree with previous reviewers that its highlights are the easy walk to the Forbidden City (about 20 minutes), easy access to the subway (don't be afraid - it's easy to buy tickets and for less than 50 cents you can get to destinations much more quickly than by cab on congested streets - just avoid rush hour), and the good restaurants in the Oriental Plaza. We were in room 1259, which is a one bedroom suite with kitchenette. It was nice having a refrigerator and little living room, but the decor is more like an older US motel from the mid-1980s than a first-class luxury hotel. Fresh flowers in the room are a nice touch. This particular room looks out at more high-rise buildings. The bathroom features a combination tub/shower, and limited counter space. The hair dryer is attached in the bathroom so that's where you dry your hair. No plug available for anything in the bathroom except a shaver. Bedside lamps aren't adjustable for brightness; laundry service charges are about standard for a pricy Beijing or Shanghai hotel - about $6 to $7 for a dress shirt, $5 for a T-shirt. We found the service, from the receptionist to the maids, to be friendly and helpful.	
May 26 2006	Splendid Hotel in wonderful position.	Stayed 4 nights here at the end of our China Tour by train and were impressed when we arrived at 8am after an overnight sleeper journey that our room was ready within an hour.We had booked a Club Room and this was well worth the extra. We had a view (albeit hazy) of the Forbidden City which proved to be 15 minutes walk from the hotel, as was Tiananmen Square. Wanfujing shopping street was very conveniently placed just outside Oriental Plaza, a wonderful mix of shops and restaurants. The staff were extremely helpful and booked very good seats for us at the Opera (well worth a visit!). They also were helpful writing out taxi cards for us since none of the taxi drivers read or speak English ! We had one meal in 'Made in China' but found it to be hot and noisy, we could hardly converse. Noble Court was more pleasant but quite expensive; we ate there twice and the food and service were good. The best value for money in a splendid setting is on the lower floor of Oriental Plaza- Crystal Jade Restaurant , where we had a superb Peking Duck ! We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel in the future - it must be the best in Beijing.	
May 20 2006	Excellent stay	Recently my husband and I, my father and a friend from california stayed at the Hyatt.We had a two-bedroom suite, with a charming small kitchen that I wish we could have used..(.there ARE cooking facilities, but under the amenities tray that holds tea, coffee etc.)We had room 1056, with a lovely view over the old hospital...old tile roofs, garden, very Chinese. My father had 1054, which also had a kitchen tho it was a single room. Breakfast was included, and the buffet is great..everything from pancakes(freshly made) to dim sum. The beds were firm, but to our surprise we slept very well..maybe the Chinese know something we don't. Another nice touch is terry robes or japanese yukatas both available for relaxing.We liked the decor and I am very fussy...the rooms were understated, with photographs of Old China a nice decorative theme. Plenty of room to spread out, have a drink, and gloat over our loot!! I am surprised some previous reviewers have been negative about the food...we had dinner at Noble Court and the duck was fabulous...served with thin chive pancakes, tiny squash flowers and slivered chives. Service was also wonderful.Location is excellent. However, you will need a taxi to get to the markets.In all, highly recommended.By the way, the concierge staff were very helpful to my father who needed flight info and tickets for a domestic journey...everything done quickly, right at the desk.	
May 14 2006	Location is biggest plus	On business trips I stayed in several Beijing luxury hotels. All experiences were good to great, although being usually located in between the 2nd and 3rd ring road which means a 20 min. taxi drive downtown (if traffic is moderate) and few possibilities for entertainment or siteseeing in the hotel's vicinity. Not a big deal when you're on business. But having chosen Beijing as a one week city trip location with wife and 4 years old child, I was looking for a more central location. Simply for the idea that it is nice to go out for a city center walk early evening. With this preference in mind, there is not much to chose in Beijing. Moreover, if you prefer a perfect quality hotel, there are only 2 options: The Peninsula or the Grand Hyatt. Obviously you pay a clear premium for either one of these hotels, but for leisure travel with a child (or children) it is worth the extra. We chose Hyatt for its spectactular pool facilities and the availability of residence suites. The club Oasis with its huge pool is truely a big plus, both for young and old. And the two bedroom residence suite - 112 m2 - is perfect for a longer stay with more than two persons. The kitchenette is handy for making tea or coffee or heating up small dishes, but don't expect cooking utensils. The two marble bathrooms are very good. And yes, the beds are hard, as everywhere in China. Curious though that in the Hyatt they even seem a bit harder. Luckily you get a choice of several pillows.You'll find interesting promotion rates at the Hyatt website, but if you're planning a stay for more that 1 or 2 days my advice is to call the reservation department in Beijing directly. The rate we got quoted over the phone was even some 30 % lower than on the website. Ask to have breakfast included in your room rate. Paying the buffet breakfast seperately, some 30 euros a person, is exagerrated. The quality is good, but not that superb as is mentioned on this site and in some guidebooks. I think the Grand Hyatt is partly overhyped. The lobby and entrance, well not that spectacular at all. We were somehow dissapointed with the attitude of reception, concierge and bell staff, a bit snobbish, not what I have experienced in similar Chinese hotels. Contrary, the staff at club Oasis is extremely friendly and helpfull. If you go here, enjoy the location. A five minute walk to Wanfujing shopping street with food markets etc; 10 to 15 min. to Tiananmen and Forbidden city, and the spectacular Oriental Plaza mall just under the hotel. The chipcard food court is perfect - you get the best and most varied kind of food for the cheapest fare you can imagine. No need to visit the overpriced hotel restaurants. Forget about the western luxury brands shops in the mall, but it is fun to visit the Sony Explora center and Fabs multimedia shop: if you're hesitant with taking pirate CD and DVD copies to your homecountry, you can find here legal stuff (great international collection) for bargain prices.	
May 10 2006	The Best in Beijing	We had four nights here in May 2006, having checked out of the Peninsula Palace due to the rock-hard beds. The Grand Hyatt was impressive in every way. We stayed in a club floor suite, which gave acces to the tasteful club lounge, with its free snacks and drinks. Internet access here is free, and is MUCH faster than the internet access at the Peninsula Palace hotel.There are several bonuses here. The Noble Court restaurant does very good dim sum, but even better is the Made in China restaurant, which must be easily the bst restaurant in Beijing. I say this since I tried all the other highest rated ones e.g. Courtyard, China Club etc, and the Made in China was in a league apart. Peking duck was remarkable, but so were humbler dishes like hot and sour soup and braised cabbage. This is better than any Chinese food in London, and I speak as a professinal food writer.Also charming is the Red Moon bar, which has live music and has a charmin ambience.The hotel service was impeccable and the room excellent. The basement pool is quite a sight, being beautifully laid out and very large; the gym is also good. The only thing the hotel lacks is a roof terrace for that Beijing rarity, a clear sunny day. I have travelled extensively and would rate this as one of the best hotels I have stayed at.	
Mar 19 2006	The Hyatt is truely Grand	We had six nights at the Grand Hyatt in late Feb and we thought that it was a top class hotel in a great location that is central to all the major tourist points. It is one of the few hotels that I could not find anything to complain about which surprised my wife.From the moment you walk into the hotel you feel safe, comfortable and welcomed by the many staff on hand to look after any need that you have. Our room was a decent size and was well furnished with a great view looking out over the front fountain.The food was excellent, we ate at Noble Court, Georgios, Made in China and the breakfast buffet and if you wished to have a light snack, the attached shopping centre had a supermaket and heaps of casual eateries for you.The highlight of the hotel must be the swimming pool complex located on the 3rd underground floor, it is magnificent and just what you need after a hard day of walking, sightseeing or wall climbing.We would recommend the Grand Hyatt to all and if you look around there are great deals available to make the cost of your stay very affordable.And I have just remembered one thing that I didn't like, the bed was too hard for my liking, but that is common in China they keep telling me.	
Mar 9 2006	Great location - a business hotel	Recently stayed at GH Beijing as a tourist. Have stayed in the past for business trips as well. Overall, very good experience. Location is excellent for tourists as it is within walking distance (15mins) to Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City and right on a major pedestrian shopping street. Is also connected to large, modern, high-end shopping mall (Oriental Plaza). Hotel seems always very busy with 95% business travelers. Tried one restaurant (Made in China) which was excellent. Concierge was also very helpful. Only real downside were the rooms themselves. Very minimal decoration (not in a boutique hotel sense) and furniture seemed cheap. Rooms also had low ceilings and little window space. I had stayed in a standard room before so upgraded to a suite for this stay, but the room was just more of the same. Having stayed at the St Regis and China World, the Grand Hyatt has a better location, but rooms that are much less appealing.	
Feb 27 2006 	Construction Noise	I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing (31 Jan-7 Feb). I was assigned a room on the Club Floor. In the middle of my stay, (4Jan06) construction began immediately overhead and all around me. The paint fumes gave me a headache and the drilling was so loud I could hardly work. It sounded like a jackhammer and several drills at the same time. My room vibrated. After complaining several times to management, I was offered an inferior room with a view of a building. I declined and management finally offered me an upgrade to a quiet area, but assured me that I would not be charged extra for the new room. At checkout, I was charged the higher room rate for EVERY night, not just the nights I spent in the upgraded room. I was extremely disappointed. I feel that I was given an inferior room in the midst of construction and then lied to about the fix. I should never have been assigned a room in the construction zone.	
Feb 4 2006	Great Property	I treated myself and stayed on the 18th floor in the Club Level. Travelled on FF miles so I thought I'd splurge.Concierge service was great; arranged an English speaking guide and driver to take me to the Great Wall. It was a lifelong dream come true.Very businesslike. Hotel definately geared to the business traveller which I was not.Multitude of security type people around the hotel nside and out - discreet but noticeable.The morning breakfasts were very good; service OK - had to ask for coffee almost every morning while most others were asked if they wanted cofee or tea. Free internet available.Nice afternoon tea after a day of walking in freezing temps. Service was very good.Evening snacks w/ liquor was also very good. My room faced north west and got a nice view of Forbidden City area. Bed was HARD; asked fo a mattress pad which didn't help. Room was spacious and comfy like home otherwise.Hotel is in a grear location; could not have been better. Mega mall below ground and pedestrian mall a short walk outside. Subway station also below ground.Overall stay was very good; worth the money??? - probably not but you only live once.	
Jan 21 2006	Top stuff for business travellers	I have stayed in this hotel 6 times in the past year and a half and really can't fault it for the business traveller.Rooms are lovely, expecially the corner junior suites. The pool and gym are outstanding and the breakfast buffet is wonderful. Staff are generally good at welcoming you back to the hotel and house keeping and room service are efficient. The only let down would be the room service food on some occasions.	
Jan 11 2006	A Sanctuary in the chaos of Beijing	Arrived Dec 22 and departed Dec 31, 2005. We pre-arranged to have the hotel send a car/driver for pick up at the airport. We were surprised to find her waiting at the end of the jetway, just after we stepped off the plane! She swept us through immigration, customs, baggage claim and delivered us to the car waiting just outside. We are independent travelers and surely could have managed to find our own way, but even in hindsight we feel it worth the $50.We were using American Express points/vouchers for our stay. We had been a little concerned but for no reason. The check-in was a breeze. I tried to work an upgrade to the Club Level but $75/night is too much for our budget. The final thing the frontdesk told us turned out to be quite valuable; Hyatt Gold Passport Club members are given complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby lounge. Just ask! We enjoyed fresh cappuccinos and delicious pastries every morning.Our standard room overlooked the fountain in the front of the hotel. It was small but adequate. The bed and linens were very comfortable. The marble bathroom was spacious with a tub and a separate shower, plenty of large fluffy towels, and non-brand name amenities. There were two bottles of complimentary drinking water in the room. Additional bottles, as many as you wanted, were a phone call away. Housekeeping was done around noon and then three or four visits in the late afternoon, to check mini-bar, turn-down, or check for wet towels! It was a little annoying when we were napping because of jetlag so we had to put the Do Not Disturb on. Then our naps were disturbed by the renovation efforts. Finally after the third day of near by hammering, I went to the frontdesk to complain. We were promptly moved to a nicer, larger suite on the other side of the building. It was obvious the hotel wants guests to be happy.The frontdesk was very helpful with sightseeing and taxi destination cards. They also gladly change large denomination Yuen currency (100) for smaller, easier to shop currency (10 or 20). They arranged for our tour to the Great Wall.The Grand Hyatt is part of the Oriental Plaza complex with office buildings and an upscale mall. The mall has several dining options, many very low cost. We ate several meals at the mall “food court”. It’s nice to walk to the mall without stepping outside.The swimming pool lives up to the hype! It was a nice retreat from bustling, crowded Beijing.We normally use public transportation to save money from riding Taxis. The taxis are so cheap in Beijing, it just makes sense. The front desk would write our destination in Chinese and English. The doorman writes the taxi license number for you and tells the driver your destination. Remember to keep something to give to another driver when you need to head back. Once we wanted to go to a second stop but did not have it written in Chinese, so we had to go back to the hotel first. All of the drivers were honest and really appreciated the tips we gave. The most expensive ride was from the Summer Palace back to the hotel. The trip there cost 70 CNY but the ride back took less time and cost 99 CNY. Both were metered but I think the ride back was at a higher rate than the usual 1.60. That is the only “bad” experience, so we are happy!There are always hotel employees waiting to help you. The hotel is impeccably clean. It’s a great place to stay in Beijing.	
Jan 8 2006	Great Location; Nice hotel but can be improved	My wife and I spent a few days over the holiday season at this hotel in one of their Grand rooms. The overall experience was between fine to excellent.The hotel staff and their services were great and very attentive. Its location turned out to be the absolute correct choice for us as a convenient location was an important decision factor. The pool was truly spectacular as described in other reviews. This hotel seems to be very security conscious but not intruding at all to the guests.The room was unexpectedly small for a grand room in my opinion. I had stayed at much larger ones in similar room category at other hotels in Beijing. Construction work was being done upstairs during the day-time. I wish I had known that beforehand because I didn't book another hotel for the very same reason. The high-speed internet was very very slow.Room service was good and efficient. The Red Moon's sushi and Noble Court's dim-sum were excellent and they had great ambiance. However, I can't say the same for the Italian Restaurant in the Grand Cafe. But, it wasn't the worst Italian food that I had in a five star hotel. The service at all these restaurants were commendable.I'd stay at this hotel again. It is still on the top of my Beijing list.	
Dec 11 2005	Best location slightly below the Peninsula	After a fantastic stay at the Peninsula Palace, I moved 2 blocks away to sample the Grand Hyatt experience.LOCATION: Unbelievable, very convenient to tourist spots (Tiananmen Square &amp; Forbidden City minutes away) and it’s right atop Beijing’s venerable Oriental Plaza complex, with office buildings and massive shopping centre. Only the Grand Hotel Beijing and the soon-to-be re-branded Beijing hotel (as a Raffles) next door have a closer proximity to the Forbidden City.EXTERIOR: The blue glass-clad building has a dramatic circular main façade fronting a grand fountain and circular porte cochere, which is one grand staircase flight above the main pedestrian and mall entry at Chang An Avenue. The overall design is grand and contemporary, truly befitting the Grand Hyatt brand.LOBBY &amp; PUBLIC SPACES: The 2 storey high lobby is long and meandering following the building’s shape but didn’t give as big impression as the Peninsula Palace. The Peninsula’s multi-tiered lobby encourages exploration through journey that keeps revealing one place to another instead of bang, see all in one sight.ROOMS: Be sure to request room fronting the main entrance / Chang An avenue, as by virtue of the design they are wider and larger. Rooms facing the back are smaller. Opt for room directly in the middle for a postcard view towards the fountain and Chang An Avenue, as others will tend to look at the office towers. My room 1031 is spacious (over Peninsula) with ample sitting area and in fact, it looks abit empty coupled with the hotel’s minimalist / modern design. Amenities are standard 5 star, nothing special. In fact, everything was too minimalist: 2 pages of letter sheets, 2 small envelopes, 4 pages small note sheets. Bathroom is of average size although with separate shower and basic amenities, in comparison to the Peninsula’s beautiful bathroom with TV, control panel &amp; mood lighting.SERVICE: Polite, discreet and very accommodating. There’s always a smile (front desk, porter, pool staffs). As I planned to tour Beijing of my own choice (Beijing’s new architecture, Olympic village, etc), the concierge was very helpful and re-arranged my itinerary to the most convenient route despite their basic English. She even translated them in Chinese for the taxi-driver and recommended places that I should skip for a better alternative. FACILITIES/DINING: Didn’t try the food at the hotel as was having full day tour and 5 am check-out. Nonetheless, there are two very good Chinese restaurants and a Grand Café with expansive view over Beijing’s traditional building’s roofs on the surrounding neighbourhood. The swimming pool is arguably the best in Beijing. It is huge and free form style although indoor. The ceiling is adorned with controlled-lighting that creates unique atmosphere, albeit a bit Las Vegas feel. There are caves with hidden Jacuzzi and rock island with Thai style sala structure as the towel / guard hut. The spa area is very attractive with modern Asian fused décor.Overall, an excellent &amp; convenient hotel with the best location and facilities, although I will score it slightly lower than the Peninsula for overall impact.	
Nov 25 2005	Excellent Hyatt	The Grand Hyatt was just as we expected: new, modern, clean, and efficient. The hotel staff all speak perfect English, and they go overboard in accommodating. Whether eating dinner at Made in China for a rushed dinner to make it in time for the acrobatic show or asking a bellman for a box, we found the employees all gave 110%. Security was tight (although our trip was during the same time Pres. Bush was in Beijing), but we certainly didn't object to that. The location couldn't have been better, since the Forbidden City was just a few blocks away. This was a great hotel experience, in every way.	
Oct 19 2005	wonderful	I recently stayed at the Grand Club at the Hyatt. What a place!!Between 5:30- 8PM every night the Grand Club room served cocktails and food-complementary.Must visit Club Oasis. The pool underground is a reproduction of Bali beach. Walking distance to the main sites.Staff speaks good English. Even housekeeping speaks English.Toney atomosphere.Loved it.	
Oct 16 2005	Fantastic Place	Stayed here for 5 nights and had just a great time. The pros of the hotel are many - Is right on top of a huge mall with tons of food choices, rooms are clean (although bed is very firm as is the preference for lots of chinese), just a block from Wangfujing street with tons of shopping and people watching. about a good 20 min walk from T-square and forbidden city, and connected to subway.We ate the buffet breakfast since it was part of our package deal, but otherwise i don't know if i would pay $25 pp. We speak fluent chinese so it may be different, but the mall has lots of great eats including this huge food court where you buy a card and put money on it, and can then eat at any of the stations - but may be pretty intimidating for westerners. but otherwise, you can eat a ton of traiditional food for like $7 total. by the way - bring a swimsuit because they have a very impressive pool that others have talked about.great hotel and i think you cannot go wrong booking here. good luck !	
Oct 11 2005	Made for a lovely beijing vacation	Stayed six nights, oct second through eighth.checked in sunday afternoon, the hotel was not full because of national day a chinese weeklong holliday, checkin was very quick and the man who checked us in walked us to our room. My take is that on this holiday many westerners don't travel to china because alot of business shuts down, but my girlfriend and i went as tourists. We booked the smallest room for about one thousand U.S. dollars, but they did upgrade us for free, and we were in a small suite with a small kitchen,dining area,living room with couch,chair and tv,bedroom area...I think it was a queen bed,another tv and a large marble bathroom with stand up shower,and tub.We were in room number 1301, the floor to ceiling windows provided a nice view from the rear of the hotel, we could see a small part of the golden rooftops of the forbidden city, the white dagoba of baihai park and the pavilion at jing shan park. The first night we ate at the Made in China rest. in the hotel, this is a very good restaurant, the peking duck was excelent. We took three private tours booked at the hotels concierge desk car,driver and interpetur, about $140 apiece,well worth it better than a packed tour bus, we also booked the acrobatic show, at night-NOT worth it,theatre was rundown,paid for premium seats, the place was three quarters empty, performance was average, look for a better venue. We walked to the forbidden city and tian men square, 15 minute walk. Wangfujing street one block away, tons of shopping. I must say the staff at the hotel at every level was very friendly and most spoke good english,certainly everyone at the front desk and lobby. We ate the buffet breakfast five days average to good but expensive $25 pp, but not many options,we did have mcdonalds one day. the gym was very nice, good equipment,towels bottled water friendly staff, the pool was five star!!! we were in it three nights, big clean well appointed with a tropical theme and two large hot tubs and mens and womens changing rooms have beautiful lockers,showers,hot tub,sauna and steam room. In summary this hotel helped make our vacation to china excellent, you can't go wrong with the grand hyatt beijing...homerun!	
Sep 8 2005	Highly recommended - a truly 5 stars	We stayed there during our family vacation just for 2 nights. The hotel were very nice, new, clean and the service were excellent, from front desk, lobby staffs, restaurant staffs to cleaning staffs. All the staffs there speak very good english and very helpful.The room are very clean and good size. The swimming pool are absolutely gorgeous, my kids don't even want to go anywhere else, they were happy just spending their time at the pool. The restaurants and cafes food were execellet. I will definitely recommend that you go for the room with breakfast as it is well worth it.The hotel location is great and the shopping centre that connected to the hotel, very convenient.Although the hotel rate might be higher but I think is very well worth it considering the location, nice clean room and great service.I have been hotel where they charge you a lot but the room, service and cleanliness does not match.WILL DEFINITELY GO BACK!	
Aug 16 2005	loved this place!	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt as part of a 2 week trip to China. The hotel was simply fantastic from every aspect - the rooms, the fabulous indoor underground oasis pool, the workout room with multiple machines and individual TV screens (a rarity in China) and proximity to shopping, sites, etc. We had a beautiful suite on the club level. The breakfasts were fabulous and the late afternoon hors d'oeuvres with wine or cocktails were enough to substitute for dinner! The staff was simply wonderful. If you can afford it, I strongly recommend the club level floor - it is worth every penny.	
May 7 2005	The Best in Beijing	Superb hotel. Stayed twice, were upgraded both times (poss. as had asked for king-size bed?). Breakfast buffet is wonderful, with german touches. Staff very helpful. Rooms immaculate. Location superb (Forbidden City is just 5 mins walk away). Attached shopping centre is a help too. China can be rough round the ages: having a place like the Hyatt to come back to can make ALL the difference.	
Feb 28 2005	Fabulous hotel		
Dec 6 2004	Great hotel horrendous beds		
Nov 30 2004	Beijing's Best Location Best Hotel		
Nov 24 2004	Fabulous hotel! The spa alone is worth the trip!		
Nov 23 2004 	Great Hotel with Really Hard Beds		
Nov 10 2004	Definitely first class		
Oct 25 2004	The Hyatt is a great choice		
Oct 24 2004	Great Hotel- Great location		
Jul 6 2004	take it as it is...		
Jun 28 2004	What a swimming pool!		
Nov 11 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 8 2009 	?????		
Aug 20 2009 	???????????????		
Aug 5 2009 	Außerordentlich schönes Hotel mit kleinen Schwachstellen		
Jun 27 2009 	Luxus der keine Wünsche offen lässt!		
Apr 15 2009 	Buen servicio pero hotel sobrevalorado		
Feb 11 2009 	????????		
Oct 24 2008 	???????		
Oct 6 2008 	??No.1		
Sep 16 2008	???????????		
Aug 29 2008 	???????????????		
May 8 2008 	Très agréable		
