	Beautiful coutyard hotel in a cool part of Beijing	In the hutongs near the Bell and Drum Towers, this hotel was exceptional. Staff were very helpful and friendly, room was warm and beautifully furnished. Although it was near a busy, funky street, once inside the courtyard it was very peaceful. We stayed in Room 11 which was tucked away just off the main courtyard - gorgeous..15 minute walk to a subway stop and the streets around at night have great restaurants and bars and shops..fantastic buzz!	
	conveniently located	Was at Courtyard 7 for 3 nights. Great location with many shops and pubs around. The room a bit small. Breakfast was ok. Free internet at the restaurant all day and night. Long walk to train station. Will stay there again.	
	very nice experience	i stayed at Courtyard 7 for 3 days,and i am so impressed by the beautiful hotel.i am so surprised that it could be so quiet in the noisy center of the city.the staff are so nice and helpful,and they are always smiling.i would recommand it to everyone who want to experience the traditional Chinese courtyard.	
	VERY NICE HOTEL IN CENTER	Our second hotel in Beijing We stayed 3 nights in this lovely hotel. It's a series of renovated courtyards in the old part of Beijing within walking distance of Hohai Lake, Beihai Park and the Forbidden City - it's a lovely stroll through the lakes and parks to Tiananmen Square.We got the room very nice and cozy; the staff was very sweet and spoke excellent English. The rooms are quite small but beautifully furnished with lovely bathrooms. The room was very clean and good smell. We really loved this and location is the best.	
	Beautifull hotel	The hotel room was good enough for couple, the location is good but one thing that we dont like so much that 's staffs, they should try to helpfull and friendy .	
Oct 22 2009 	Just what I was hoping it would be...	I waited until just before my trip to Beijing to try and find a hotel. I was optimistic I could find something nice, but Courtyard 7 exceeded even my hopes. It was perfect. A converted 300+ year old traditional courtyard home, the place oozes charm. I was upgraded (at no cost) when I arrived, and found myself in possession of my own tiny courtyard, off the main court. The room was beautifully appointed with lovely, boldly-colored fabrics and traditionally-designed furnishings. The mattress was thin, but I slept like a baby. My suite also had a small sauna, which I enjoyed after a day spent hiking a stretch of the Great Wall at Simatai. The hot water took a long time to heat up in the walk-in shower, but once it did, it was scalding. The water pressure was good. The hotel is located off Nanluoguxiang, which is a pleasant, tree-lined street with scores of small designer shops, bars, and restaurants. (There's an excellent Korean restaurant only a few steps away from Courtyard 7.) The hotel is about 2/3 of the way up the street, on the northern end. Plenty of taxis can be found on either end of Nanluoguxiang. It’s a long but manageable stroll to the Forbidden City, and Qianhai Lake is just a short walk away. The area around the hotel is a matrix of hutong alleyways, and is definitely worth a few long, winding strolls to soak in the community’s vibe. The entrance to the hotel itself is tucked away down a narrow hutong lane, about 30 yards off the street. Stepping into a wooden doorway, you enter a series of courtyards of different sizes, with small trees and lanterns. At night, the lanterns provide a lovely glow that reinforces a romanticized stereotype of &quot;old China.&quot; The whole effect was comfortable, calming, and very romantic. The price was perfectly reasonable, and I was very pleased with the upgrade. The staff was pleasant, helpful, and enthusiastic. They arranged train tickets for me, recommended good restaurants in the area, and were generally friendly and responsive. Their English was not perfect, but functional.If return to Beijing, I will hope to stay at Courtyard 7 again. I would unhesitatingly recommend the place to anyone who finds themselves in Beijing. It was wonderful.	
Sep 1 2009 	Lovely courtyard hotel	We stayed 3 nights in this lovely hotel. It's a series of renovated courtyards in the old part of Beijing within walking distance of Hohai Lake, Beihai Park and the Forbodden City - it's a lovely stroll through the lakes and parks to Tiananmen Square. The staff were very sweet and spoke excellent English. The rooms are small but beautifully furnished with lovely bathrooms. The rooms open directly onto a beautiful courtyard where you can sit and read. The only problem for me was that the bed was rock hard - like sleeping on the floor! I've stayed in other hotels (mostly faceless modern ones) in China and this wasn't the case. Breakfast was fine and served in a pleasant room or outside. They'll cook eggs for you and you can help yourself to cereals, toast and pastries. Everything is very sweet though - even the bread. The hotel is located in a small hutong just off Nan Lou Gu Xiang, a gentrified hutong full of trendy bars and shops. Great for a stroll but prices are high. As an example, a beer in this street will cost between 20 and 30 yuan (£2 to £3) but if you just pop into one of the little Chinese street cafes the same beer is around 4 yuan (less than 50p!). We booked the hotel online which was considerably cheaper than the walk in rate. I love this part of Beijing and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	great place - fabulous staff	My family and I recently stayed at Courtyard 7 during a trip to China for a family wedding. There were 3 generations together from my dad who is 84 to my nephew who is 22. We were all made to feel welcome by staff who couldn't do enough for us. The rooms were spotless. The beds were typical of those often found in China - hard. We asked for an extra quilt to put on top of the matress and this took the edge off it. Having stayed in a few hotels in China hard beds seem to be normalThe breakfasts were a good mix of Chinees and European / Continental - buffet style with plenty of everything available. We didn't eat an evening meal in the resturant. There are some very nice local places to eat.The courtyard was a lovely place to sit and read and chill out after bust day seeing the fantastic sits of Beijing. Some of the rooms even had their own small courtyard which could be shut off.The hotel is in a lovely hutong area which is full of interesting shops, bars and resturants. Its within walking distance to the Drum and Bell Towers and a short taxi ride to the Forbidden City. The hotel reception gave us a really useful card with the names of the tourist sites in both English and characters - a great help in getting around.	
Jun 4 2009 	Very nice!	I only had lunch there but I really liked the place, I saw some of the rooms, the area is nice. I will stay there next time!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great place for location and history	This hotel is a real gem for students those who appreciate hutong life. The restoration is incredible and immaculate. There are several rooms with private courtyards and we had one of these. The staff speaks some English and is very attentive. Breakfast includes fresh fruit and seems to be plentiful. I had some Beijing friends come to the hotel before going out to the bars on the lane. They were so impressed with the courtyard we ended staying up late talking in the hotel courtyard.There are several restaurants in the area that deliver to the hotel so it is possible to have pizza or roast fish served in your private courtyard.If you want to stay in the hutong this is a place to consider. Most cab drivers will not know where it is even after reading the address. just ask to go to Nan Luo Gu Xiang Hutong and Gulou East street and walk down the lane. The hotel is near the Korean restaurant.	
May 25 2009 	A friendly welcome to Beijing	It was my first trip to China and I stayed here the first 3 days - once more I was lucky in the choice of my hotel! The whole place is soothing and spic and span. The courtyards are a haven of peace and quiet in the middle of the busy hutongs alleys around. The old trees and the red lanterns create a wonderful atmosphere at night. The bathrooms were well equiped with walk-in showers and amenities. The rooms were perhaps a little too small for the huge beds and thus quite cramped. True to the Chinese fashion beds are with futon and quite hard. No problem for me but perhaps for those not used to such hard bedding.The front desk people were friendly and fluent in English. They for example patiently assisted me in getting some documents printed out and sent on via fax. Breakfast was OK but not really something to excite me.The area around the Courtyard 7 Hotel is quite touristy but still it has kept it's own charm especially at night. Visit some of the bars/restaurants with tables on the roof. Small and simple Chinese restaurants/food shops serve far better food than the &quot;Western Style&quot; restaurants; even though the interior might seem a little &quot;precarious&quot;.	
Apr 3 2009 	Simply perfect	This small fairly new hotel is flawless. What impressed me most was the attention to detail and thought put into it: from bedroom draperies and staff uniforms to wooden decorations around the bathroom door, heated floor, and a beautifully done shower room. Breakfast was nothing to complain about with a choice of Western options AND samples of traditional Chinese dishes. The hotel staff is lovely and helpful. Once we were late for breakfast (which ends at 9.30am) and were still served; when we were leaving for the airport at 4am, we were surprised with a pre-packed breakfast prepared for us.Among other small bonuses are: free internet, cheap laundry service, free bicycle hire, tea pot in the room, daily refreshed toiletries. Hutongs around the hotel are worth exploring, and with a school across the street we could watch young pioneers doing their morning PE from the breakfast room area. For nightlife, there are some great clubs around the corner: Mao Live House and Yu Gong Yi Shan.The only drawback – distance form the subway: 15-min walk to the nearest station.The hotel is absolutely beautiful and comfortable. I would definitely recommend it for a holiday stay.	
Oct 30 2009 	??????????????????????		
Sep 13 2009 	"Le Rêve dans le Pavillon Rouge"		
