Oct 25 2009 	New hotel with great rooms and great price.	I stayed at Ragegast Beijing for one night in Beijing. The rooms are top notch, easily comparable if not better than hotels in Beijing for double its price. Overall, no complaints. If you don't mind a not so fashionable part of the town for a great value, I would recommend it.	
Sep 8 2009 	Postive surprise!	A typical Chinese 5-star hotel. In measures and meters and facilities the hotel has everything what a 5-star hotel should have. On the other hand it is all very Chinese. Not always do the things function, the staff speaks a little tono English, so ifyou try to explain something it takes a bit more creativity. What was a pitty that there is no nice hotel bar and all restaurants close already at 10pm. The way the hotel is furnished and the size ofthe rooms are fantatstic. Also location is excellent. In fact quiet but very central. Much nicer to stay in a Chinese 5 star hotel then the well known international chains. Would come here any time again.	
Apr 29 2009 	First class hotel	After the Beijing Olympics we stayed in this beautiful hotel, which we had found on-line. We soon noticed that it was brand new with a few growing pains but a spectacular property with accommodating and helpful staff, beautifully appointed rooms and gorgeous bathrooms! At first we were uncertain about the location because it seemed quieter than anywhere else we had stayed in Beijing but soon learned that the neighbourhood was classy, young and had much to offer.	
Apr 28 2009 	I can't believe they treat guests this way	When I searched for a hotel to stay for a family trip to Beijing, I found many reviews. When I read about Radegast I decided I would stay there, especially since most of the reviews were quite favorable. However, after 3 nights of no air conditioning and mentioning this each day, nothing was done to fix the problem. It is not unreasonable to expect those in the hospitality industry to remedy issues. This leads me to the conclusion that I will not stay at this hotel again! The first day we alerted the staff to the problem (which they said they’d fix) and when we returned that night it wasn't fixed. The second morning, we again reported the issue to which they said they would &quot;fix&quot; the problem. Again the hotel did nothing other than to make promises and treat our complaint as less than serious. Finally, on the third morning, we asked for the manager. At this point, they told us that they would move us, to which we declined. At this point it was too late and they could have done the first night to another room. However since we were leaving the next day, we were not going to pack, settle in to a new room, only to repack to leave the next morning. In our opinion, it was pointless. Why did it take 3 days to be taken serious? Our hotel room temperature was between 25 and 27 Celsius during which the weather was around 28 Celsius outside. In fact, the manager blamed the lack of air conditioning on the temperature outside. The manager even argued with us that if we opened the unscreened windows that it would have been cooler in our room. Is this how guests should be treated? During this conversation, we continued to complain, this time more vocally, that this shouldn't matter and they were just not going to not solve the problem. We received the usual &quot;apologies&quot; but without any satisfaction. This for a $300 a night room!!! They wouldn't refund nor do anything to remedy the situation. This is rated a 5 star hotel and yet do not handle complaints with seriousness nor treat their guests with any dignity. Our rooms were very uncomfortable due the temperature and I don’t think that this is a minor issue. My 75 year old father in-law’s room was the same. If you are contemplating this hotel, my advice would be to go elsewhere. If you should have any issue with the hotel, they will dismiss your complaint and you will have no recourse.	
Mar 1 2009 	Smart modern and new	This is another excellent, new facility in Beijing. The rooms are spacious and well-appointed with excellent facilities. The complimentary buffet breakfast was of a high-quality, with swift, low-key service. The hotel is within 10 minutes walk of most CBD buildings and the nearest subway station. While not as conveniently located as other hotels in the area business travellers should find its location acceptable. Tourists may find its location less ideal for their needs. Given that it offers nothing more than other hotels in the area, I'd chose it over others largely on the basis of price.	
Feb 12 2009 	Very Nice But	Very impressive hotel with great rooms with many amenities. Loved the soaking tub with the mirror / TV. Everything about the rooms and the hotel appearance are top notch. Stand up shower has overhead sprays and adjustable body spray. Hotal has a very nice spa with swimming and workout facility. The workout room is a little small and limited but more than enough for my limited exercise when on business. Hotel has 4 restaurants all with good food but the prices are a bit high. You can get a better meal for a lower price just walking a few blocks or taking a cab someplace. Would recomend Hatsume which is across the street for shushi or Machioni's (probably spelled wrong) which is just a block away on the 2nd floor. For the cost I would highly recomend staying because it was in my opinion a great value. Some of the Butt'sHotel HVAC is eaither set to heat or cool for entire hotel Therefore depending on when you stay you can only make the room temp higher or lower but you don't have the choice of which one. We stayed in Feb and the room's were 80 degrees and there was nothing to be done since the building was set to heating. We tried opening windows but this did little to help. I'm sure for some times of the year this isn't an issue but it was a major issue for us. SPA / Fitness Center hours are not condusive to working out in the morning. Brochures said it opened at 7:00 the front desk told us 6:30 but it actually opened at 8:00 and we had to be at work by then. It also closes promptly at 10:00 so if you get back late from a business dinner there is really no room to workout. The people working the SPA were over attentive. Maybe in some cultures this is very nice but personally it was past creepy having people always around you and ushering you from the front desk to the locker rooms to the locker and trying to help you undress. This was anything but relaxing for me. I would have been much happier being handed a locker key and let to go on my way and if I need help just have someone around I can ask. I had a massage and the actual service was very good (though expensive for China) and as soon as she was done I was ushered out of the room to the locker room and then to the front desk by several different people. They could really take some leasons in how they could create a better more relaxed and enjoyable enviroment. Staff is very friendly but still working on their english skills. I didn't have an issue with this some of the guys I was satying with did. Just know if it's something you require. Hope this helps. agan hotel appearance and the rooms outstanding jsut have an issue with the temperature control and spa/ workout facilities.	
Dec 28 2008 	Love the Radegast	I first stayed at Radegast for a business trip, and I liked this hotel right away during this trip. So now every time I go to Beijing, I stay at Radegast. It is a very modern, comfortable and well-managed hotel in the center of the business district of Beijing. The location is very convenient. I stayed at other five-star hotels in Beijing before, but I prefer Radegast the most.  The hotel staff is very friendly and their services are superb. Check-in is speedy. The concierges are very helpful, too. Every time I go to the airport from the hotel, the concierges help me find my airline's terminal number and tell the taxi driver. The hotel rooms are extremely clean and cozy with modernized lighting systems and electric curtains. The hotel has five fine restaurants that offer various delicious cuisines from Chinese to American to French. I personally like their French restaurant the most. It's French cuisine is very authentic. Their indoor sunshine swimming pool is fabulous. It's a big swimming pool with a constant warm water temperature. The pool attendants and gym staff treat guests like kings. You have to try. The hotel is also very close to several big shopping centers, such as Shin Kong Place, and many local restaurants. All within walking distance. Overall, Radegast's location and services are excellent. I like this hotel and would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great stay !	We stayed in Radegast hotel for 6 nights in the end of September. the rooms were absolutely dreamy, specuosly clean, and very pampering. we got a great price from Hotels.com, 65$ per night, and this was defenitely the best hotel we stayed in for such a price (anywhere in the world). we were a little afraid since the hotel seemed to be far from the city center, but as soon as we got to China we realized that taxis are SO cheap, and the city is HUGE, so 5 minutes by taxi and 12 yuan, and we were right in the city center. so this is by no means a disadvantage.	
Oct 19 2008 	A 5 star potential	The Radegast was the first of two five start hotels that we stayed in while in Beijing (the other was Marriott City Wall) from 10/5/08 thru 10/17/08. In general, this hotel was great, but a bit on the unfinished side given that it was only operational sometime in 8/08. Let me start with the location. Our first impression of the location was a bit negative, it didn't look like there was much around the area; however, after talking to some staff members and exploring a bit, we found out that there was actually a great deal of conveniences located within walking distance of the hotel (e.g. Walmart-- to get water, do not drink tap water in China, small fast food Chinese style restaurants, high end shopping malls with very nice restaurants). There is a subway stop (Guomao Station) approximately 15-20 min walk. A closer station is under construction. The hotel doesn't look that impressive from the outside; but once you get into the lobby, it's another story. You will be greeted at the door by the hotel's door person immediately and whisked away to the front desk. The lobby is full of marble columns and glass made adornments. The room was also quite luxurious with very modern color scheme and theme, flat screen TV built within the wall, very soft sheets, a lounging couch, a formal business desk, very impressive bathroom (with a TV). For whatever reason, the bathroom has a glass wall that can see to the living area of the room (an electronic curtain is used to create privacy). The hotel features 5 restaurants, a business center, a spa, an awesome pool, but a small gym. The quality of the service from the staff was 10 out of five! They were extremely courteous and professional. On one particular occasion, I left my guidebook in the cab. I asked one staff (concierge—Eddy, young guy in his early 20’s) to call the cab company on behalf of me to query about this. He not only did so, but he actually made arrangement for the cab driver to return my guide to the hotel. But I was only able to communicate this with my broken Mandarin as Eddy spoke very little English. Although the service was very courteous, it could be to the extreme. For example, when you go to the gym, two staff members, will greet you at the entrance and personally walk you to the gym. Another staff will follow you around the gym. Now the extreme part comes when I went to take a shower after using the steam room. A staff member actually asked me if I wished to let him put on my clothes! I’m not kidding. Needless to say, I politely refused. I think a lot of the staff was told to treat the customers with extreme luxury and some staffs (perhaps from the country side) interpreted this to treat guests like emperors. The restaurants looked really impressive; but a bit on the expensive side. One that we tried was the Radegast Food Bazzar (3rd floor), it serves local snack foods but made by expert chefs and served with a silver spoon. The taste was amazing. Some of the negatives include: there were two exposed nails left from construction in the bathroom. Although they were not in any dangerous location, it was definitely an eyesore. The quality of the air in the hotel did not seem very clean. It still had some construction odor, but I suspect this will be gone with time. They simply do not have ice for whatever reason, including ice machines on the floor (I think this is universal in China, they don’t like cold things). The fan in the bathroom was a bit loud and can not be turned off unless you turn off all the lights in the bathroom. The use of the business center was very expensive but if you have your own laptop to use in your room, this will not be a problem since they have free wireless internet in the room. Another possible drawback is that this hotel was designed for the business traveler, which overlooked some family necessities like having a drawer in the room. The staff members were extremely cordial and helpful but still in training and by no means able to efficiently communicate in English. Lastly, going back to the location, since it’s a new hotel, none of the taxi drivers knew how to get there. You should ask the concierge to write very clear and specific directions, including landmarks for the taxi driver (e.g. near the new CCTV building, the weird looking cube building which is walking distance from the hotel). In sum, you can tell that the hotel was somewhat unfinished but with great potential. You will be treated like royalty which generally makes up for some of the drawbacks of the hotel. In addition, it is highly suspected that the drawbacks are only temporary. We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel to friends (without kids).	
Sep 3 2008 	Decent hotel great service	I stayed at Radegast Hotel CBD Beijing for a short business trip. The hotel is located in Central Business District in ChaoYang district in Beijing, on the same road as the new CCTV building. It's about 10 min walk to the new upscale mall in Beijing, XinGuangTianDi (????), where there's a subway station. Therefore, location-wise it's good. But since it's a new hotel, not many cab drivers know about it. So you'd have to tell them to go to the CCTV building and drive from there for another 1 min down the road.From the outside, the hotel looks rather ordinary, and it's not huge. But on the inside, the hotel looks extremely luxurious. It is a five-star hotel, but since it was newly built and there was quite a bit of vacancy during the Olympics season, I got a 50% discount, so it's actually the same price as a 2 or 3 star hotel in the U.S.. Back to the inside- its main hall is amazing, with gold and marbles, its elevators has leather interior, the hall ways are nicely carpeted, and my deluxe room is huge, with guest reception area, 40 something inch flat panel TV, shower and bath tub separated, and there's another TV for the bath tub. The bathroom was bigger than the NYC studio I used to rent. The lighting and mechanized curtains were sophisticated, but the curtain switch didn't work. The electric wall jacks were new, but my plug didn't fit in properly. The bathroom door was newly finished but couldn't close entirely. So the hotel is new, but a bit unfinished; luxurious, but not always functional. (reminds me of many other things in China).The service is great. I needed an iron, a U.S. compatible plug, and have my safe box opened on separate occasions, and the service lady came pretty promptly and was very helpful. Not sure if she speaks English though. She looks like someone just from the countryside, down-to-earth but not internationally professional.Overall, I'd stay there again given the price, location, level or service, and a chance to satisfy the pretentious part of me that wants to project an image of living in a five-star hotel, intentionally avoid looking too deep beneath the surface.	
Jul 21 2009 	lussuoso e moderno		
