Nov 17 2009 	Dated and feels worn	I've stayed at this place over the years and liked in the past, This is the first visit in about 4 years and this time, the property feels dated. It needs a good renovation. It's functional but less than what you'd expect from a Crowne Plaza. There is a small mall nearby and you can get some restaurants at the next block, but unless you take a taxi or have someone drive you, it's not really a good location (unless you are visiting the Olympic Green, which is within easy walking distance)The breakfast buffet is OK and the day that I ate there, it was packed and the service was poor. It took 3 or 4 reminders and more than 10 minutes for them to bring new bowls out. They took the plates away quick enough but refill of coffee was slow. It still bothers me that people can smoke in the lobby. Some of the other hotels seem to not have that problem.	
Nov 16 2009 	Cold and comfortable what you'd expect from a 4/5 star business hotel	I stayed here towards the end of September for 4 nights. It's everything I'd expected from this class of a hotel. Comfortable, but impersonal hotel. The rooms are quite spacious and very comfortable. I had a corporate rate which included internet use, so I didn't feel the pinch of the pay-per-use internet users which I read in other reviews.The lobby is very large but had the stench of cigarettes since smoking is allowed there. Quite a number of very nice looking restaurants in the lobby but I didn't try any of them. My room was facing the courtyard (and 4th Ring road, I think), so it was a little bit noisy as they were having their Oktoberfest promotion in the tents on the ground floor. The loud music was bothering me slightly, but that's also because I'm a light sleeper and like things absolutely silent.Next door to the hotel is a small mall with a supermarket, some specialty shops as well as a food court. The food court was pretty good with very affordable prices and a variety of local food. I enjoyed eating there a number of times. It was good that I didn't have to eat in the hotel restaurants all the time, with the food court right next door available for light and simple meals.Across the road, about 10-15 minutes walk is also the Olympic park where the Birds Nest stadium and Watercube swimming arena is. It was quite a treat to be able to just walk there and see these amazing architectural marvels.The area is generally quite safe and I spent one night walking around. Some spots were quite dark but I didn't feel threatened at any time. Taxis are also readily available at the hotel.Overall, it was one of those forgettable stays when traveling for business, which is not necessarily a bad thing because the memorable ones (for business travel) are usually the ones where something bad happened! Would I stay here again? Yes, because there are no surprises and everything is as expected.	
Nov 4 2009 	average!	Hotel room very spaceious and nice decor, clean and well maintained. there were few things I would like to point out. firstly, for some reason, every night from 7pm there was a terrible smell comes from the drain and we tried to close the bathroom door and light a candle but it doesn't help. Secondly, there never a spoon on the table to use, and every day we have to asked the waitress or waiter for spoon and it took more than 5 minutes for a spoon to arrived, some re-organising at the breakfast tables needed. It was stated that the hotel has its indoor heated swimming pool, but it was always freezing cold water, never heated. Steam room only steam for few minutes and have to wait for over 10 minutes for steam to come on, Sauna also freezing cold. They really need to have a better system for avoiding hair going into the drains at the shower at fitness centre, as it was a pool of dirty water at your feets while having a shower, not good at all.	
Aug 27 2009	Beijing Crown Plaza OK stay expensive Internet	Our large group of 30 people for this company paid trip went to Beijing for 5 days, this is the hotel our travel agency put us in. The hotel itself is clean, and very nicely done. I don't know the price we got, since we got this as a packaged deal. The place is a bit far from the main city center, 30 minutes or so none traffic, but it is about 5-10 minutes walk from the 2009 Olympic Park. The place is very quiet as well, since most places around closes after 10pm. There are some small stores and restaurants around but closes after 10pm as well. Overall, I am satisified with the stay. However, if you do need internet, this trip will be expensive for you. There is NO free internet in the rooms, so you will have to pay for depending on the time you needed. There is also a business center in the 2nd floor with both English or Chinese computers that you can use as well. They can also rent out laptop/copier/fax etc if you need to. From my understanding, they do speak some English if you speak slow. Oh, the pool area also closes around 10pm, but at 9:30pm, they will not let you in anymore to use it. While we were there, very very few people used the pool, but it was very clean and quiet. The hotel gym is also very nice and clean if you decided to use it. They do have some yoga/pilate supplies if you want to use as well. Their breakfast was ok, not the best, especially when they have lots of people then they are not able bring out much variety of food. Also, we asked them to fill our water bottle, it took them about 5 minutes just to do so, so you may want to buy your water elsewhere instead. They do give 1 free bottle of water per person each day left in your room. Finally, their water is very hard water, so it made washing my hair not so pleasant experience. The last time I stayed in a Shanghai hotel I did not have this problem.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good hotel out of the way though	I stayed at this hotel while attending a conference at the nearby conference center. I was there for nearly a full week.Good things - * Room was in good shape, all fixtures worked properly* Comfortable bed with 4 pillows to choose from* Good working desk set-up* Helpful service in the lobby. * Good breakfast buffet* Nearby restaurants, grocery store* Good Peking Duck place within walking distance, ask the concierge* Refrigerator in room* Room service quick and good qualityThings that could have been better -* Internet access was a bit on the pricey side* Rate they listed was not the same as my confirmation, had to show them my printed confirmation to get this fixed* Location a bit out of the way for major tourist sites (with the exception of the Olympic village sights)If I were doing a general tourist itinerary, I would stay in a more central location. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was, and had a good stay.	
Jun 18 2009 	a good weekend spend at this hotel !	I spent the whole weekend in this hotel with my husband and two teenage children. I have attend conference before here. This time, I find the hotel is not only good for business but also a good choose for family. We enjoyed the spacious rooms, breakfast, swimming pool. the envirement of the Yellowstone restaurant is fatastic, the BBQ dinner it offered is very ungofetble. And all the staff are very friendly! the hotel very near the Bird's Nest and Cubes, we just walk to there.	
Mar 12 2009 	Overall good	I stayed here 10 days for business. Compared to other Crowne Plazas the service was maybe not just up to scratch. My main complaint is that Internet access is expensive in the rooms (£12 for every 24 hours) and WLAN in the cafes/bars of the hotel is not so comfortable, and the cost of drinks you are expected to buy is high. You can sit in the lobby and access WLAN but there are not many seats. On the positive side, Internet access is made so easy.Note that 15% service charge is added on to every part of the hotel bill.During my stay the gym/pool was uder renovation, so as from March 2009 this facility should be up and running again, and pretty good. A new small shopping mall is open under the North Times Tower - only 50 metres from the main door. Here you can visit Zoe's bar who provide very nice coffee and cakes at fair prices with free WLAN access.The concierge were helpful but overall the problem is a language one.The location of the hotel is perfect from the point of view of the Birds Nest stadium and the Water Cube which you can visit about 50 RMBs each.Shopping needs a nerve with haggling and the Clothing Market can be recommended, but remember all products are probably 'seconds'. Use the subway (1.5km from hotel) and get anywhere for 2 RMBs a stretch. (Airport express is 25RMBs.)Trips are organised by the hotel. 470 RMBs to visit the Great Wall, which is a must, even if probably overpriced.	
Oct 16 2008 	Nice but with problems...	We spent 6 nights at this hotel, and were not too impressed with it. First of all, we were given two twin beds, and the staff was unable to find a king/queen bed room for us, even though we stayed for a 6 nights, which is a pretty long stay. They had rooms available with a queen bed, but at a higher rate, and were unwilling to give us (since we were unwilling to pay extra!). Second, unless you're into the Olympic village, which is right next to the hotel, the location is not convenient, the hotel is pretty far out, there's not much around it, and you need to take a taxi or the subway (which is 15 minutes away) to go to the attractions. Third, I needed to get train tickets to go to Shanghai, and most hotels can buy tickets for you for a small fee, well, this upscale, expensive hotel, has a travel center that would arrange only airplane tickets (at a crazy price) with a staffer who didn't speak English, no train tickets. So they ended up sending me to the post office to get my train tickets which was complicated given that I don't speak Chinese. Considering that the post office is close to the hotel, and that they have plenty of staff, and that all hotels provide train tickets, it's appalling that this pretentious hotel wouldn't help guests with such a common request, simply ridiculous! Fourth, the rate was way too high for what we got: 1,800RMB/night with only one breakfast. Given the location, and service provided. Fifth, there were some problems with the rate they initially quoted us, and with a breakfast we were overcharged for, and when we were checking out it took one hour to solve these simple issues. The nice things about this hotel are the clean, comfortable rooms, some staff speaks pretty good English, and most of all a very nice (albeit expensive, 170rmb per person!) breakfast. But overall, I wouldn't recommend it for tourists, too far out, too expensive for what you get, no help for train tickets.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Hotel till........	I have been a regular for Crowne Plaza Wuzhou for the last 2 years. It has offered great service and facility for bussiness. Till I encounter the incident below.My recent stay from Sep 5th to Sep 10th has been tainted by a staff at the breakfast cafe. The staff that was preparing the omellete/chinese pancake was rather rude to be in a five star hotel like Crowne Plaza. I ordered my chinese pancake for 30 minutes it was not served, and during the interval 3 reminders was given to him. The staff did not even offered an appology. Hope the hotel management can look into the black horse that tainted a great hotel	
Jul 16 2008 	An excellent Hotel	Stayed here for a congress at the nearby conference centre. The hotel was excellent and the staff friendly, helpful and competent. Rooms were spotless with room service 3 times a day. Breakfast was a huge buffet with cooks on hand to make scrambled eggs or whatever you wished . Breakfast consisted of Chinese, English and European food with lots of fruit etc. The coffee could have been better but otherwise excellent. I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 30 2008 	Nice hotel great gym.	I stayed at this hotel for a recent meeting, which was held in the hotel itself. It's an excellent facility, and I highly recommend it. The rooms are nice, as you'd expect at this price point. The breakfast buffet is ample, and covers about five different cuisines! The hotel gym/pool is great. As a swimmer, I was impressed that the pool was long enough (probably about 50 feet) to do laps, and square enough to do flip turns on both ends.The hotel is on the 4th ring road, very close to the olympic venues. If you want to get into Beijing center (eg forbidden city) it's about a 30 yuan cab ride that took us 20-45 minutes depending on traffic.If you do not speak Mandarin, I'd recommend that you get the chinese characters for the hotel name/address printed out on paper before you arrive at the airport. Not all the taxi drivers at the airport could read the English name/address that I had printed out from the hotel website.All in all though, this is a great choice, particularly if you need to be north of Beijing during your trip.	
May 9 2008 	Two Weeks...was pretty nice	I had a business trip to the Technology Park (Motorola, Nortel, Ericsson) and had a two week stay at the Crown. Overall, I would have to say the experience was excellent. The staff was excellent. The breakfast buffet was amazing and the location was decent for a stay to Beijing. Tourism wise, most of your destinations that are outside of Beijing are towards the North. Its a bit of a walk to the subway (prob a mile) but there are plenty of Taxis available too. They have a shuttle for folks heading out to the tech park though too. Thats a nice touch! Kudos for that.Its next to the Olympic park so thats pretty neat. Laundry is REALLY expensive so pack accordingly. There are plenty of places to eat close to the hotel too.Drinks are expensive....but here is a little hint. Right next to the elevators is a &quot;staff only&quot; entrance. There is a Coke machine thats super cheap right by the door. Shhh.Overall, it was an excellent experience. Then again, Im easy to please and it was on the company dime.	
Mar 22 2008 	TIred	Stayed for 2 nights at the club level of Crowne Plaza Wuzhou. The hotel is adjacent to the BICC, which was the main purpose of our visit to Beijing. Hotel looked impressive from the outside. Staff generally courteous, helpful and many can speak English. Lobby alright except for the smell of cigarette smoke. Only 3 lifts available during our visit as the other 3 were undergoing renovation. Club lounge does not serve food or snacks, only has limited variety of drinks available. Room was spacious. However thermostat was not working well. Even though it was cold outside (7C), the room was stuffy without much ventilation so we ended up having to open the windows to let the cool breeze in. Room safe available, bath amenities provided, apples available in the room and in hallway. Generally not raving about the hotel. Would be better to stay in another hotel for the price we paid. Major construction undergoing on adjacent lot, so expect noise at night, which we heard despite staying on the 15th floor (hotel max 17 levels).	
Mar 2 2008	Great Location	The Crowne Plaza is right opposite the Olympic Stadium in Wuzhou. The hotel is very clean, modern and comfortable. The staff are as helpful as possible but there are quite often language barrier problems. The hotel has several restuarants all reasonably priced and very nice. Hotel staff assisted with bookings to visit Great Wall, Tianamen Square, Forbidden City etc either via taxi or with tour guide. There are several good restuarants, supermarket and shopping area about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel. The pool and gym area also very good.	
Jan 12 2008 	Excellent hotel for Olympic guests a bit far from center of city	The Crowne Plaza Wuzhou is a bit further away from central Beijing, but it is situated right next to most of the Olympic sports venues and is not far from the fashionable Chaoyang district. The hotel has an impressive look and feel to it, and the lobby and lobby bar are superb. Staff is friendly and speaks very good english. The hotel is spotlessly clean, and looks very new. The rooms are very spacious and nicely decorated, giving the feel of luxury. The view from my room at least was very nice indeed.	
Dec 30 2007	Recommended	This is a very nice hotel indeed. Very high standard, nice rooms, and a surprisingly large heated swimming pool.Just a five minute walk from the hotel there is a small shopping area, with a few restaurants.Definitely recommended for Beijing.Dew.	
Oct 26 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	I went to Beijing for a conference and this hotel was right next to the BICC. It's in the Olympic village area, but not suitable for people doing business downtown. I was pleasantly surprised at the standard of the hotel - spotless, young, polite staff with a lot of initiative, excellent restaurant etc. My 'Deluxe' room was huge with the bathroom bigger than a hotel room in Tokyo. Everything worked and I was impressed by how clean it was. Being a Chinese national, I must say I am proud of the amazing progress of my country and its people. Bravo, Beijing, I hope you won't let us down in 2008!	
Oct 15 2007 	Great hotel for Olympics	The Crown Plaza Wuzhou is an excellent 5star hotel. Clean, spacious well appointed rooms with helpful English speaking staff. The breakfast buffet had everything you could wish for, both western and chinese, including freshly squeezed fruit and vegetable juices made to order, which made a great start to the morning. The Brazilian restaurant was excellent and made a welcome change to chinese food.We stayed here while attending a conference as it is adjacent to the Conference Centre, but it is about a 45minute taxi ride to the center of Beijing. However it is across the road from the Olympic stadium and with the opening of the new metro lines next year it will be a perfect place to stay.	
Jul 31 2007 	Perfect hotel for short trip	This hotel was really a star in comparing to other nearing hotels. It is 5-star hotel and have really good service and rooms. Rooms are quite not fully luxurious, but above the average. Rooms were always clean, good smells, beds comfortable, and everything worked. The room was on the small side but perfectly adequate for three (two adults and one child). Breakfast was really excellent - with foods from almost every continents. The hotel's location is its main drawback, being some 30 til 45 minutes of driving with taxi from the center, where are all touristic locations are. This will change next year (in 2008) after they will finish subway (metro), which will be located right on the corner of the hotel. In that case this hotel will be best bed for families. Only weather and air pollution is in July in Beijing really bad. Tourist should go to Beijing only in October or at the beginning of November and avoid comming in summer months.I will always recommend the hotel to all.	
Mar 27 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at this hotel in January 2007. My husband was in Beijing on business travel and stayed here for three weeks. We found the hotel to be very nice, clean, and the service to be excellent during our stay. Please be aware that this hotel is not located in downtown Beijing where all the tourist sites are, so be prepared to take a taxi if you stay here. You won't be able to walk to the sites from the hotel. However, taxis are constantly dropping off people at the hotel, so getting a taxi to take you downtown is not a problem and the price is not expensive. One thing I'd like to mention is that this hotel is within walking distance of the Olympic Stadium for the 2008 Summer Olympics and appears to be very close to where all the olympic activities in Beijing will be held. If you are planning to visit for the Olympics, I believe this hotel will be in very close proximity to the events. We definitely enjoyed our stay here. It seemed to be a favorite amongst business travelers. The hotel restaurants and room service were very good. The breakfast buffet catered to everyone with international cuisines from american, european, and asian. The pool and gym facilities were very nice too. We would definitely stay here again if we had to return to Beijing.	
Jan 24 2007	Excellent Dining Experience	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. The rooms very frankly tired and in need of refurbishment, however very clean. Beds were firm and very comfortable. Options are for a king bed or 2 large king singles and as we were there with our 6 year old child a roll in bed was offered and worked well. I would consider the rooms overheated but we were able to get the window opened for fresh air. Without doubt dining at &quot;cafe Asia&quot; was outstanding and run by an Australian Executive chef catering to all tastes. The cost was very reasonable (148 rmb for dinner buffet) per person and the child free. We ate all our meals in Cafe Asia as it was so diverse, exciting and fresh that you could not do better outside. I would definately stay here again as what the rooms lacked in glamour was more than compensated by the dining experience.	
Aug 24 2006	A real five star Hotel	I stayed there for about one week at the end of June for the attendance of a conference. This is probably the best five star hotel I have ever been.Staff were most polite and helpful (as one would expect from Chinese culture?). Just an example, I asked for a plug adaptor from Chinese to European. They came immediatly bringing a variety (!!!) of equipment for every posible scenario. Room service was also very fast and good. The room was very large and clean, and contained everything one can possibly need. Breakfast also included everything a reasonable person can ask for. There are three restaurants in the hotel (at least, I found three). I used only the one next to the Palm lobby(?). They have an excellent buffet for dinner which includes great variety and very good quality in both wester and easter cuisine. Staff in the restaurant are also very polite and efficient (some times their English is not very good, but we have to be understanding). The two other restaurants have cantonese (that is of southern China) and meat dishes, but I did not try them as the buffet completely covered me and my friends. The area in which the hotel is located is rather rich and upcoming and there are shops and a large supermarket less than 10' walk from the hotel. The olympic stadium that will host the 2008 Olympic games is very near the hotel. The hotel is between 20 and 40 minutes (depending on the time of the day) from Tiananmen square. Given how cheap taxis are in China, it is in a very good location.	
Jul 13 2006	Problems with the staff	Stayed at this hotel using rewards nights with hotels priority club points and hotel voucher from travel agent. Staff on VIP floor had difficulties comprehending simple questions in english. Had to deal with assistant managers in order to get reservations clarified. Stayed there for eleven nights and staff did not resolve hotel voucher reservation problem until the day of check out. Had to spend several hours of my time requesting the staff to clarify the problem. Same problem and attitude dealing with staff at front desk in the Lobby level. Had difficulty exchanging traveller's cheques or Canadian/american currency at the front desk. Ended up having to walk to nearby bank to exchange travellers cheques. Better to just take out amount needed from ATM machine in the lobby.The hotel was very comfortable otherwise. The rest of the staff in the restaurant, fitness room, pool, housekeeping, concierge provided excellent service. Hotel and rooms very clean. Carpets in the rooms and hallways could use a washing. Approximately 30 minutes outside of downtown core. Cost 35 to 40 RMB to travel by taxi to most places. Book the &quot;Club&quot; rooms. Rate includes breakfast upstairs in the Club Lounge or downstairs restaurant. Club rate also includes cocktails in the afternoon and use of internet services.	
May 26 2006	Perfect if you have business around there	(Sorry about my english) Due to bookingerror at the CP Qingdao I spent 1 night an the CP Park view. I can say that you are treated like a VIP in this hotel. Big (club) room, perfect breakfast, very nice personel. My internet problems were solved within a moment. Location is very outside the center of Beijing therefore i changed to the CP in the center with no problems. Club manager was perfect!!! I can recommend it for business!	
Mar 31 2006 	great hotel for business travellers and couples	I travel to Beijing often and have stayed at several hotels over the years, but this one is great! Attentive service, clean, comfortable rooms, friendly staff and a good set of restaurants. lots of really good restaurants close by as well for more local flavor (especially hot pots and peking duck). Concierge is very knowledgeable and helpful. terrific beds and pillows and great bath robes. good value for my money	
Dec 20 2005 	great brazilian restaurant!	In November I had to spend a couple of weeks on a business trip in Asia. I also went to Beijing. My company booked me into the Crowne Plaza Park View. Altogether I had a really good stay-experience. The hotel is pretty new and the facilities are what you would expect from a five star hotel. A couple of asian restaurant, big pool, etc. What I liked best about the hotel was its brazilian restaurant though. I was longing for some meat after all this asian food and that is what I got. The waiter comes to your table and slices down as much meat, sausage, etc. as you want. I thought it was a pretty cheap all you can eat deal as well. Recommended if you are into meat!	
Aug 16 2009	????????????		
Apr 24 2008	Precio para las Olimpiadas		
