Oct 29 2009 	Highly recommended - what a great place!	On the recommendation of a friend, I stayed at Kelly's Courtyard for two nights after a business trip to Zhengzhou.The place is quiet, clean and comfortable. Comfortable rooms, great staff, a nice rooftop terrace for relaxing, and free wireless. Though a little hard to find for the uninitiated - have the Chinese address written out and ask locals if you are having trouble - it's well worth seeking out. When I return to Beijing, I will return to Kelly's Courtyard.	
Oct 18 2009 	Small 	We checked in at Kelly's courtyard in the afternoon of 16 Oct. The location is a bit hard to find but once we got inside the place we felt it was worth it. This 9-rooms accommodation is tastefully decorated, quiet and really cozy. They put jazzy ambient music on all day - which is lovely. For the bedrooms, they're rather small yet they're all clean and tidy, good enough for what we paid for. What best about this place is their hospitality! The staffs, especially Jane I must say, treated us like a family rather than hotel visitors. My partner fell ill when we first arrived so later that night I had to go up to Jane, asking for some medicine. What I'm impressed is that she took this matter very seriously. We discussed for long about the symptoms, and finally Jane decided to bring me to a pharmacy nearby, helping me in every possible way to get the right medicines (for the fact that I don't speak a word of mandarin, it's such a peace of mind to have some local assist like that) So thank you Jane! I can't thank you enough. Next time we visit Beijing, I'm sure we will meet again.	
Oct 17 2009 	Small 	We checked in at Kelly's courtyard in the afternoon of 16 Oct. The location is a bit hard to find but once we got inside the place we felt it was worth it. This 9-rooms accommodation is tastefully decorated, quiet and really cozy. They put jazzy ambient music on all day - which is lovely. For the bedrooms, they're rather small yet they're all clean and tidy, good enough for what we paid for. What best about this place is their hospitality! The staffs, especially Jane I must say, treated us like a family rather than hotel visitors. My partner fell ill when we first arrived so later that night I had to go up to Jane, asking for some medicine. What I'm impressed is that she took this matter very seriously. We discussed for long about the symptoms, and finally Jane decided to bring me to a pharmacy nearby, helping me in every possible way to get the right medicines (for the fact that I don't speak a word of mandarin, it's such a peace of mind to have some local assist like that) So thank you Jane! I can't thank you enough. Next time we visit Beijing, I'm sure we will meet again.Visa/Panida	
Aug 27 2009	A relaxing stay enhanced by the attention given by the staff.	What a wonderful introduction to Beijing. This was a memorable place to stay and how fortunate we found it. We were welcomed at 6 o'clock in the morning by Jane who was welcoming and spoke perfect English. This was followed by meeting Sandy who was equally conversant in English, he not only looked after us daily recommending various places to visit, but also booked and arranged our onward flights to Xian and Shanghai. We spent a memorable evening with Jane, Sandy and Su(who we named) learning about their way of life enjoying their company. Thanks again to you all.	
Jun 25 2009 	A haven of tranquility	We stayed for a week and can only reiterate what the other reviewers have said. The helpfulness of the staff in pointing us towards the required buses and so on was a big contribution to our enjoyment of Beijing. It is a five minute walk to the main street (buses and taxis, and a subway line from Sept 2009) but that just adds to the experience. You are a bit away from the main touristy areas (thought they are easy to get to) and can get a feel for ordinary Beijing life, if that's what you want.	
May 4 2009 	Unexpected Oasis!	This place was obviously designed and furnished with great love, care and attention to detail. You could imagine someone who's an interior designer or architect thinking one day, &quot;I want to transform a siheyuan (courtyard house) in a hutong, blending traditional elements with modern comforts, showcasing all the great pieces of art, handicraft and furniture I've accumulated from all my travels...and I want to share this place with visitors to Beijing.&quot;The rooms surround a glass-covered, tree-shaded courtyard filled with chinoiserie, a carp-filled pond and potted plants -- it's a really nice place to take your breakfast or read. World music is sometimes played played unobtrusively. A spiral staircase leads up to a mezzanine reading-TV-internet lounge, through which you'll find the sunny roof terrace complete with deck tables and umbrellas.My room was not large but well-appointed, with a contemporary glass-walled bathroom. Like most of the other rooms, it looks and opens into the courtyard. Included in the room rate, breakfast is a simple affair -- a spread of toast, pastries, milk, yogurt and juice, with coffee and tea. But it became quite pleasant because it is taken in the courtyard, plus I thought the coffee was particularly good.The staff was really polite and gracious, but what struck me the most was their consideration for not disturbing guests. I arrived early at 8 am, and they welcomed me in hushed tones, asking me to speak softly as the other guests were not up yet. You might think this is hardly worth the mention but if you've stayed in a siheyuan (or similarly a riyadh in Morocco), you'll realise that sounds carry very easily in such confined spaces.Although located in a hutong, it's not too hard to find and a shopping hub (with shops like H&amp;M and a cineplex) is just 2 or 3 bus stops away near the Xidan subway station.The only small issue I took was the common toilet which I used on arrival at the hotel -- it was smelling pretty funky. Perhaps they hadn't cleaned it from the day before, but in any case, they should clean it more regularly. Also, laundry charges are pretty steep -- they don't actually handle it but just help you send it to a nearby laundromat.	
Apr 11 2009 	Small but perfectly formed!	Stayed here for five nights in April and can't recommend it highly enough. Whilst not too near the underground (though there will be one nearby soon) you can easily get around to all the major sights by bus, and the owners will helpfully point you in the right direction. Its a short walk from here to The Forbidden City and the Beihai/Houhai area.Rooms are spotlessly clean and well equipped, and the roof terrace is lovely for drinks in the afternoon/ evening.Having been to Beijing before and stopped in uninspiring five star hotels it was lovely to stay in somewhere more atmospheric with staff/ owners that genuinely care that you have a good stay. We will be back again.	
Mar 6 2009 	Nicer Than Home	Our family of five plus sister in law stayed at Kelly's Courtyard during the Olympics. As it is located in a hutong area, you have to walk down three alleys to get there. Until you see the front door of Kelly's you are wondering where in the world you are going as two steps past the door is a concrete wall with nowhere to go. But the place is truly charming. Highlights include a glassed-in courtyard, an outdoor deck and an upstairs lounge. &quot;John&quot; and Kelly are very friendly and very helpful. It is an easy walk to the Xidan shopping area. There are many, many buses which you can take down to the main subway line #1 (or #2 for that matter) if you don't want to make the 15 minute walk.We had done a lot of planning in advance as to how to get around Beijing to the various Olympic venues. But John always asked where we were going and usually suggested a better way to get there.We couldn't have found a better place.	
