Aug 5 2009 	Ok for a couple of nights	We were booked into this hotel by a tour guide with a link that showed it a 5 start hotel. Had we not expected a 5 start hotel we probably would have thought higher of this hotel. By American standards it is probably a 2-3 start hotel.We are well traveled Americans in Beijing for sight seeing and traveling with two tenage boys.1. The beds were hard but that was to be expected for Asia. We asked if they had a soft topper for the beds (some hotels have them for Western guests) but they did not.2. The bathroom was fine but the showers were stained from use.3. The towels were terrible...very soft but not cotton, you could not dry yourself! I ended up using the pillowcases!4.They had a flat screen TV but only one channel that was English speaking and it seemed to repeat itself a lot.5. Breakfast was good...lots of variety. You could get toast and butter!!6. They had free wi-fi in the lobby and they also had a computer you could use. Only problem was that it was in Chinese so you had to remember which buttons were yes and no.7. Not many Westerners there.8. Walls were thin...hear what our neighbors were doing.9. We could not comment on the location as we had our tour guide pick us up and drop us off in the morning and night.I know this all sounds negative but I like to know what I am getting myself into. If I went back to Beijing I would not stay at this hotel. I would look for a hotel that catered more to Westerners. We travel all over world and have been to China several times and from our own experience we like to come home to a comfortable hotel where you can relax. This was a hotel where you came back to sleep and shower (and drip dry).	
Jun 28 2009 	Good BUT BEWARE	This is a nice faciility, the rooms were clean and modern, that's about all it has going for it. The staff spoke limited English. The entire 3rd floor where the small gym is has the lights turned off when the gym is closed, as I found out when I couldn't sleep at 4AM. The breakfast is included but has the same food choices every day, I got tired of it after the 2nd day.BIG WARNING!!! They tried to get some more money out of me when I was checking out, said I broke a floor lamp. We went back into the room with the manager and the scummy looking bell hop said that the lamp shade was hanging off about to fall. I told them no way and stormed out of there. I'll see if this shows up on my VISA. They also tried to get some extra money from my tour guide saying he broke a wooden hanger.Oh, the hotel is also located a the end of a street where there is major building construction occuring, even into the night and early morning hours. Nothing like trying to sleep when there is a lot of machery buzzing around outside.	
