	Amazing time in Beijing	Whilst in Beijing i had realised i had booked the wrong Hilton back in the UK. Instead of the hilton near the imperial palace i had booked this hotel. Initially being cross with this mistake the anger went out the window once we had arrived at Hilton Beijing. The hotel was amazing! the staff were so friendly and attentive without being overbearing which is sometimes the case in 5 star hotels. Will deffinately return when back in Beijing	
Nov 13 2009 	Another consistently great stay at the Beijing Hilton	I had a one night layover at PEK before a flight to Nanjing the next day. I chose this hotel mainly from the experiences of the last 3 stays there. It did NOT disappoint. From check in, the automatic upgrade in regard to my Diamond status to the Executive tower, the free bottle of wine and cookies plus welcome letter in my room, the awesomely quiet and comfortable room, the Executive lounge with it's great food, service, and checkin/out service, to the bell stand eager to help with a taxi or directions. Once again, this property stands as a flagship of Hilton customer service training and ethic, to which I would gladly refer other hotels take a course from.	
Nov 10 2009 	excellent hotel: good food 	* nice large room* friendly staff* many good restaurants in the hotel* good breakfast* hotel organises tourist trips with guides in groups of max. 8 &gt; these are super, only negative thing here is that they oblige you to visit commercial things like factories or shops during the tour (they have some kind of agreement with these commerces)* you can order a cheap taxi at the hotel &gt; to the centre EUR 3* don't order the hotel's airport shuttle car service &gt; regular taxi is 75% cheaper.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel	My husband and I inadvertently ended up staying here due to the Hilton Wangfujing being closed for three days over the 60 years of Communist rule celebrations. However, we were more than happy with this hotel.The location is a bit far away from the big tourist attractions but there is a subway station two minutes away which is easy to navigate, clean and cheap. On the plus side, it is close to the Lufthansa Centre, a Starbucks and a fantastic expat supermarket.Rooms are fairly standard but clean and certainly nothing to complain about. Staff are incredibly friendly and very helpful. Excellent standard of English.Breakfast is a standard hotel breakfast, but again nothing to complain about.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good Stay	Comfortable stay. The rooms are decent sized, the staff is pretty helpful and provided with early check in without any hassles. Hard Rock Cafe is walking distance . 	
Oct 16 2009 	The best in BJ	your home when you're far from home, the best breakfast ever seen, located in a top position, friendly staff always available.	
Sep 23 2009 	comfortable stay	I just stayed one night in transit for work. The room was very comfortable with all the usual modern amenities. Excellent toiletries. Room service was usual medium-high prices with solid food. Internet is a bit expensive. The gym is very big with good equipment, with a slightly dated feel. Breakfast was very good but the restaurant was so full that there was a wait -- not convenient especially if there for business and in a rush. Service was excellent at reception; staff were harried in the restaurant. Overall a very nice stay. I would consider going back, but Beijing has far too many nice boutique hotels (I stayed at the Hotel G for 2 nights and it was fantastic).	
Sep 14 2009 	Old vs New	I stayed at this Hilton about 10 years ago and was concerned about staying at the hotel again. The renovations made to this hotel for the Olympics proved pleasurable and impressive. Being a Diamond HH member I was upgraded to the executive wing. I was impressed with the entire executive lounge services and the hotel room was fantastic. This executive lounge is like an entire hotel with a large atrium. My guess, however, is that the older wing of the hotel is not as impressive. I suggest trying to upgrade if at all possible.During the entire stay I was pleased with the service at the restaurants, front desk and bars. If you are adventurous and head out on your own and hope to take a taxi back to the hotel I suggest that you carry a map of the city with the hotels location clearly marked for the taxi driver to see and understand. The card provided by the hotel was not enough for many taxi drivers. The hotel is a main hotel in Beijing, but taxi drivers seem inept in finding their way around the city. And, be cautious as many drivers will attempt to charge a foreigner 8 to 10 times more than they charge a local.I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 11 2009 	What a Trip!	Before resigning from my position as a flight attendant, my husband &amp; I traveled to China for the 1st time and had an unbelievable time! The Hilton is a great place to stay! From the clean rooms to the english cards that directed taxi drivers to your destinations (my sister speaks Mandarin but I do not...), to the friendly staff, our trip was wonderful. Our visits to the Pearl Market, Forbidden City, The Great Wall, even McDonalds (LOL) made our trip to China a truly unforgetable experience for us!We hope to return to Beijing again someday and will definitely stay at the Hilton!	
Jul 25 2009 	Good Hotel -	My husband and I used Hilton Points and stayed at this hotel after I completed some business in Beijing. We had the pleasure of also staying at the Hilton Wanfujing before my business. We liked both hotel. The Hilton Wangfnujing is newer Hilton and we liked the rooms, health club and service better than the Beijing Hilton. The Beijing Hilton is certainly a very nice hotel. I can't speak for the &quot;old&quot; tower, but we stayed in the newer round executive tower and the rooms were lovely. The bathrooms are huge with a big tub, flat screen TV over the tub, large shower with rain head, and many nice amenities. The closet was huge and a few drawers for putting up clothes. We did visit the health club and were disappointed. The women's locker room was old, smelled musty, and the very large jacuzzi had been covered over to make a bed??? Strange. The steam shower was not hot. She dry sauna was nice and hot, however, The Executive Lounge was nice, but not nearly the selection of the Wangfujng Hilton Exec Lounge. The location was good at the Beijing Hilton especially since we were doing some shopping at YaShow Market and had to go back and forth to have fittings on some clothes we were getting made. I would highly recommend either hotel!	
Jul 11 2009 	Echoing what the others said: Great Hotel (and adding some practical tips)	I can not disagree with the others. I stayed in executive tower and enjoyed my visiti to Beijing. Typical Hilton experience and even more. Here are my practical tips:Subway is good (cheap and fast) way to reach the city attractions (Olympic sports center, Tiananmen and frobidden city, Sanlitun, temple of heaven).: Liangmaqiao station is only one block south from the hotel. Close to Lianmaqiao station you can also experience western-style shopping in Lufthansa center mall (real items - high price). A bit different experience is bargaining in the mall (i do not recall the name) opposite of Kunlun hotel, close to northwest exit of Liangmaqiao station. Remember to not pay for too much for items that probably are not real: price for Abercrombie/Ralph Lauren Polo is 30-40 CNY, not 300 as they might suggest to you. Same applies to almost every item in this mall (Sunglasses, sneakers,...)If you have time, Great wall is worth visiting. You can negotiate a taxi-trip to wall. It will cost 500-800 CNY, Taxi driver will take you there and wait until you have seen it. The hotel staff will help you in negotiating the deal.	
Jun 3 2009 	hilton biejing	designed Stylishly and views from the room are just breathtakingClean and neat	
Apr 7 2009 	Good if you are booking via internet and paying next to nothing...	I wrote a review about this hotel a few years ago after I had an unexpectedly positive experience. Just stayed again for 1 night, and can unequivocally state that the hotel now resembles what one would expect from Hilton, which be clear, is an incredibly mediocre hotel. Room: Premier Suite, #2215, Cost: 2,800 rmb per nightPositives- Bellmen, Concierge and Check-in staff were all very niceNegatives- Hot water never became hot - only lukewarm;- Toiletries were &quot;half-full&quot; upon check-in. Sorry if this seems petty but at what translates to about usd 400 per night in China, I expect everything to be fully re-stocked;- Internet usage requires a fee. Come on, are you kidding me?- No executive lounge. They built a new tower and thus have shut-down the old executive lounge on the 22nd floor. Now, they require that you go down to the lobby, walk across the lobby to the new wing, go up the elevator to another executive lounge to eat your breakfast. I told them that it was far easier to leave the hotel for breakfast...and I did! Right after checking out 3 days early.In summary, this hotel is probably best for those who really don't expect much from a hotel because they are paying next to nothing for the room (ie internet booking). If you are accustomed to paying high prices for hotel suites and being catered to, you will not like this hotel a single bit.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good functional hotel	Great location - helpful staff, most of who speak some degree of English. Rooms are modern. If possible stay at the Executive wing, which has many free ammenities including a great breakfast buffet and a tempting cocktail hour. Breakfast buffet in the restaurant is a treat as well.	
Feb 18 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel last May during our trip to China. This is an amazing hotel with unbelievable service. The rooms are exquisite! The Executive Lounge is very accomodating after a long day of traveling with a wonderful staff. We highly recommend staying here!To see pictures from our trip, check out my website www.svadlenak.com	
Dec 5 2008	Great Staff Great Service Great Stay!	What a great first stop on a two week tour throughout China! I was traveling with a group so the hotel was pre-selected but I would definitely stay here again if I find myself in Beijing in the future. The staff’s command of the English language was the best I experienced in China and like all other Chinese even if there were communication challenges, they were completely gracious and helpful.Prior to my arrival, I was in contact with the concierge (April) regarding a nearby spa (Dragonfly…which I highly recommend) as well as some other things to do in my free time. She was extremely professional, helpful and very prompt with responses. While at the hotel, the concierge staff was unbelievably helpful! They provided me a great deal of local information (outside of my group activities) and made reservations for me at Dragonfly without trying to force the hotel spa on me. I did take advantage of the hotel’s spa services upon my arrival as my 13 hour flight ended up being closer to 15 hours and I just wanted something where I didn’t have to leave the hotel. I opted for the in-room massage which I would definitely not recommend if you’re more accustom to in-home massages like we have in the States. Rather than bringing a table and sheets, the therapist had me lay directly on the bed (after having worked in hotels for 10 years, the last thing you want to do is lay directly on the comforter…which I promptly removed before the massage). It was here that I also discovered the Chinese have a different sense of modesty than we do in the States as the therapist stands in front of you just waiting on you to disrobe and unlike our massage therapists, they aren’t real concerned about covering your body during the massage…thank goodness for that towel from the bathroom!! One of the best parts of traveling is discovering the differences in cultures and customs but sometimes you do find yourself missing your customs as you’re lying naked on a bed in front of a perfect stranger while they are straddling you.As this was our first night in Beijing, our tour company had a welcome reception for us at the hotel. The food and service were fabulous. Nothing like real dumplings and a cold Chinese beer to welcome you!Upon returning to my room after the reception, I was hit in the face with a very hot and stuffy room. I checked the heat and it was off and since it was winter, the air conditioner was stuff off by the hotel. I tried to open the window but for some reason, the window was sealed shut so I called down to the front desk. They promptly sent up someone from Engineering and he tried to open the window but couldn’t. After asking my permission to use my phone (very nice touch), he called the front desk and had them transfer me to a new room. Shortly the bellman was at my door to help me move…talk about quick response!While my first room was nice, my second room was even better. Apparently my first room had not been renovated (but other than the different furniture, I would not have known as the room was in excellent condition). These pictures are from my second room. The room was very spacious with a great desk and separate sitting area. As someone who cannot stand to be hot especially when sleeping, the best part was the window opened!!The bed was unbelievably comfortable…I do wish US hotels would go with the duvet concept. Loved having the tea pot in my room as I’m a big tea drinker and so thrilled to have a selection of English news channels so I could stay on top of what was happening around the world. The bathroom was lovely…fabulous big tub as well as the shower. The bathroom amenities covered everything…the only thing of mine I used was my flat iron and brush as they literally provide everything you could possibly need in a bathroom. As the water in China is not drinkable, the hotel provided two bottles of complimentary water each time they serviced your room (which was at least twice a day).We had breakfast each morning in the hotel’s restaurant as it was included in our package. The selection of food was unbelievable! Other than Sunday Brunch at the Waldorf in New York or on the Queen Mary in California, I have honestly never seen so much food on a breakfast buffet! They had everything from pastries to fruit to all the Western breakfast items to traditional Chinese food. Until now, I had never tried watermelon or cucumber juice…don’t know I’ll ever have them again but I did get to try it…as well as dragonfruit…not much taste but a funky texture.Again, the hotel service was wonderful and very attentive. The hotel was located in a safe area and I felt completely comfortable walking around in the evening…the US Embassy was actually right around the corner. I would definitely recommend this hotel for those traveling to Beijing.	
Nov 29 2008 	Nice. Just watch the price of the cappuccino	Close to the city center and very nicely appointed, having been recently renovated. Slightly noisy due to the main roads in close proximity but I wouldn't let that put you off because it's the case for many hotels in the center. The staff are nice - seemed to be finding their way in some respects - but well intentioned. Just be aware of the very high prices on things like coffees and drinks, which are even more disproportionate to local prices than other cities.Overall, I'd stay here again - but I'd probably lean more towards the China World Hotel, which has a more extensive breakfast and is walking distance to the Silk Road shopping center.	
Nov 20 2008 	Good Stay Almost :)	Such a nice Stay , I spend like 9 Days in this Hotel and here is my Review : Location : Very nice district near the airport but away from the main Shopping Streets / Malls , you will need a taxi to reach them , or a Taxi to the nearest Subway . District is like a business centre , very clean but full of ppl @ night asking you if you need massage . There is some constructions going on , in the area next to the hotel so you might hear them if you are in a lower floor , I recommend you choose a higher floor . Breakfast : So Nice ..Almost Everything is there , Omlet , Cheese , Meat , Chicken , Bakery . Chinese Food . Room : Very nice and clean , Bathroom is so nice also . I liked it .	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Location - attentive staff	We recently stayed at the Beijing Hilton. We were there for meetings. The location was very close my husbands business meetings so he could walk directly from the hotel.You can actually see the Forbidden City from our hotel room. We did walk back from Forbidden City but it was a bit of a walk.There are lots of shopping and dining oppty right outside the hotel. It really is a great location. There is a multi-level shopping mall right next doorThe hotel has several restaurant options but I think we ate dinner out most evenings.The fitness center actually opened the day before we arrived and even the Executive Lounge was moved into its permanent location while we were there.Most of the times, it seemed that we were the only ones using the fitness center and Executive Lounge.The room was very large. It had a totally separate closet area. The toilet and shower stalls were enclosed separately in smoked glass. There was a large soaking tub next to the wash basin area. and then you finally got to the bedroom area, that had a desk/lounge area as well as the king-size bed. Flat screen tv. The room had the usual amenities; robe, safe, internet, coffee/tea and an extra large mini bar - it was as large as a reg. size refrigerator :-)The staff was soooo attentive. Even the bellmen in/outside of the hotel entrance would make sure when you left the grounds you were taken care of and that you knew which way to head and made sure to always speak with the taxi drivers. Everytime I left the grounds they would give me a card that was in english and chinese to give to the taxi drivers so I could get back to the hotel or the taxi driver could call them for directions. They really made you feel care for.I would stay there again anytime! Enjoy	
Nov 5 2008 	Very good 5 star Hotel	The room was newly refurbished, the bed was excellent.There was a nice pool and also two squash courts.Very good place for the trips to the city, you are there with the taxi in about 5 minutes.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Hilton Standard	The Hotel as been recently refurbished and part of it still remains to be, I have been at the refurbished executive rooms and they are excellent, very good minibar and roomservice is great.Clean and quite.The hotel restaurants are good and with a good variety of food, the Buffet is outstanding.Good also the location just 15-20 minutes from airport and same time for going downtown.I suggest you ask for the refurbished area.	
Sep 6 2008 	Beijing ... you should stay here when you are in Beijing	I staid in many Hotels in Beijing, but I liked the Hilton most. The new Executive Floor is a seperate building and you will love it. Service is very good and also all restaurants.Try the Hilton Website for booking and ask for an upgrade to the Exective Building	
Jun 26 2008 	Nice hotel	Just stayed one night in the hotel and wanted to be close to the airport. It's clean, comfortable and the service is excellent. The rooms were very nice as well as the bathrooms. Breakfast was a little expensive ($30 USD), but the selection was amazing. I would stay there again, but only for short stays, as it seems somewhat inconvenient to get to the city center of Beijing.	
Jun 18 2008 	No mango shake no stay.	Hilton hotels are never impeccable but always decent. But, this one was a disaster, in my experience.The exterior was under construction, so arriving on a raining day was a &quot;yuck&quot; first impression. Then the front desk woman had an attitude. The room and bathroom were small. THE LUGGAGE BENCH HAD A VISIBLE LAYER OF WHITE DUST which was unacceptable. Finally when I went to one of the hotel restaurants, the staff couldn't accommodate my simple request. I asked them to not use the ginger in the &quot;mango shake with honey and ginger&quot;. The waitress said she had to check with the chef, and then told me &quot;the chef said we can't do it b/c it won't be the same drink any more&quot;. I told her I would take full responsibility for the drink being &quot;unoriginal&quot; or whatever it would turn out to be, BECAUSE THAT WAS WHAT I WANTED. She then had to check with the manager, and returned to tell me &quot;our manager said you should maybe order the orange juice instead&quot;. I was stunned but was really in the mood for a mango shake. So I ordered the mango shake with the ginger. I then packed my stuff and left in a hurry. You might think it's funny that I left a hotel for a mango drink. But it's the principle of it that I can't tolerate. In the capital city of China where thousands of new and existing hotels are competing for the summer Olympic customers and beyond, there is no need to put up with anything that's below satisfactory.BTW, the Marriott West hotel in Beijing that I moved to was a hidden gem. Beautiful French decor. Amazing city view if you get a nice room. And, great service!	
May 18 2008 	Way to Go in Beijing	Stayed for 4 days in March, and will stay again when I go to Beijing. This is a perfect hotel for business, couples, and families with kids. The hotel is near shopping, and not too far from the center of Beijing. The rooms are new, the service is impeccable, and the hotel manager is one of the best I have seen in China so far. The hotel looks small upon arrival, however the foyer is grand. Enjoy a night cocktail in their bars. In Beijing this hotel is a great for the price.	
Feb 8 2008 	Good hotel on right side of town for airport	I stayed here for 5 nights on business. I was not on the executive floor but my room was well equipped and spacious. The bathroom is well equipped and spacious also with good toiletries. The temperature outside was below freezing for the duration of my stay but the rooms, bars and restaurants were all cosy. If you sit too near the door in the lobby you will be blasted by icy air every so often though. The food and service was good but the more expensive restaurant and bar were very empty and therefore pretty soul-less. Breakfast was very good with a choice of Chinese and western food. I would certainly return.	
Feb 7 2008 	Amazing service	Staff was unbelievably attentive and helpful. We stayed on the concierge level complimentary with our Hilton Hhonors membership which is food and drinks pretty much all day long. If you are a light eater than can save you on some dinners. The concierge staff were always accomodating and pleasant to talk to. The hotel and rooms were extremely clean. Hotel lobby was modern and high class. Turndown service, robe, and slippers were a nice touch. The rooms were standard small size with Crabtree and Eveyln products outfitted in marble, with a large tub and separate shower. It had an fancy coffee machine as well as the usual teas and nice oversized closets. The gym was well fitted with racquetball courts and a good sized indoor pool. The staff sets up the machines and gets you drinks, brings you towels. The bar is great...lots of people watching and fun drinks. Breakfast buffet was a highlight. The food was fresh, delicious, and in abundant selection. We never had a problem taking a taxi as they have door people abundant who hail the taxis and let them know where you are going. We made sure to get the written name and address of the place from the hotel concierge as well as kept a card &amp; map with the Hilton's address for the return ride. Also make sure the taxi drivers use the meter. Taxis were not very expensive between $3 nearby -$7half hour ride. Took a group tour for the Great Wall but they make alot of stops at &quot;factories&quot; where they give you a tour then sell the items at a large markup. If your short on time or these stops annoy you go with a private tour. Make sure to try a Peking Duck restaurant...it is amazing.	
Feb 5 2008	The HIlton Beijing	The Hilton Beijing is a marvelous facility with excellent staff. The service, the food, and the rooms are great. Also, when something does not go according to plan, they work hard to make it right. We stayed there for a total of five nights in January 2008 and would not hesitate to stay there again.ENJOY!	
Feb 2 2008 	Tries hard.........	Stayed over a weekend. It was cold and the lobby was too chilly to stay and sit down which is a problem as this is where the cafe and one of the bars are. So if you just want to hang out there is nowhere to do this is except the executive floor. The rooms were nice and the staff tried very hard and were helpful. I didn't like the gym at all. The food was OK but expensive. I will try somewhere else next time.	
Jan 15 2008 	Outstanding Service	Visited Beijing Hilton between Christmas and New Year. I was very impressed with the staff and the facility.I have lived and traveled in Asia for more than 10 years; this was the best trained and most capable hotel staff I have encountered in China. I stayed on the executive floor; the staff in the lounge was courteous and attentive without &quot;hovering&quot; . F&amp;B quality very good, room was well maintained and comfortable. The fitness center was well-equipped and staff helpful. I recommend the hotel without any hesitation -	
Dec 21 2007 	All good(ish)	Stayed here on a work trip and found it a pleasant place to stay for 4 nights. The food for breakfast was great with loads of choice of hot and cold dishes.The rooms are of a high standard and kept very clean.Service in all the bars is tip-top.Prices in the restaurant are expensive but I guess you expect this.Not the best location to be honest as it's not really at the exciting parts of town but as taxis are SO cheap by UK standards that's not really a problem.Staff are uber-friendly.My only gripe would be to check your bill at check-out time for odd items from the mini-bar. I hadn't used mine and in my delirious early departure didn't notice some items had been added.	
Nov 30 2007 	Fine Hotel But Not a Great Locale	Great, professional check-in and courteous service.My room was an upgrade from a King Deluxe because of high occupancy - it was well-appointed, clean and comfortable. I really like the storage/closet system and the bathroom was spacious and nice.The buffet breakfast was pretty good - there was a lot to choose from and of high quality.As much as I like this hotel's rooms and service, the location is bad; I tend to like it if there are a few places within walking distance and the Hilton Beijing really only has the Lufthansa Center (a high-end mall) close by. Still, one can keep in mind that taxis in Beijing are everywhere and realtively cheap (if I remember correctly, Tiananmen Square is about a $6-7 USD and the airport is less than $10).	
Nov 21 2007	Great Location	The Hilton Beijing is a 5-star hotel in a central location for tourists and business. The rooms are clean, but a but smaller than the Intercontinental. Service was excellent. Upgrading to Executive Suites is well worth it as you will get complimentary full bar happy hour and breakfast.	
Nov 16 2007 	Service with a Smile and in crystal clear English	I used hilton's Going Global promotion, using 150,000 hhonros points for 6 nights. As a Diamond Member, I received 5-star treatment, even though I was not paying for the room in &quot;hard currency&quot;.The executive lounge and gym are some of the very best I have seen within the Hilton Chain.The free beverages, including top shelf cocktails, were served by very attentive servers. Breakfast and Happy hour included hot foods that make a full meal, if needed. We arrived late afternoon, and were tired from the long flight. By the time I had a few beers, an the hot offerings, I did not need to go anywhere but to my room, which made for an easy first night in Beijing.I tried to check-in at the main reception desk in the lobby, but was encouraged to use the desk on the 22nd floor's Exec lounge.(it is very nice to have a beer in hand, while signing-in) The Manager on Duty was so helpful and welcoming. My room was beautiful (see photos) and very comforable, with tons of ammenities.I was on holiday, but I had accrued my HHonors points through work-related travel. This hotel is mainly geared towards business, but It made for a great vacation. If I come back to Beijing on business, I will be staying here.	
Oct 23 2007	Near the downtown	The hotel is beside 3rd Ring Road, and is very near Luf Shopping Mall. It's convinient. To the south of the hotel is CBD. Most Fortune 500 companies stay in CBD.	
Oct 13 2007	Wonderful Hotel in Beijing	This hotel easily deserves a 5-star rating on TripAdvisor. I stayed here for 8 nights on business, and was amazed by the consistently great service. Internet is lightning fast, the gym is all you need (there are even squash courts and an indoor pool). If you are a Gold/Diamond HHonors member, the Executive lounge is wonderful - free snacks all day, from fresh sushi to smoked salmon to good cheeses. And the happy hour has any/all drinks.The rooms aren't large, nor small, but very well furnished. I had a large glass shower and a separate bath, with a tv in the bathroom if you decide to take a bath and watch some CNN.The location is a quick taxi drive along the ring road to the business district. The restaurants are good, and the buffet at Elements is actually a good value for a hotel buffet.But the service was just perfect - always willing to help with anything. Everyone speaks at least decent english, which is helpful in a city where most people don't speak english at all.I strongly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Expensive but good quality	The Hilton Beijing is a top-end hotel in the Chaoyang area of Beijing.(1) Neighborhood(I'm actually copying this section from another hotel review that I wrote because the two hotels are near each other and the information is exactly the same.)The Hotel is realtively close to the airport -- about 25 minutes, assuming good traffic conditions. (Beijing is urban sprawl hell, so this is a good location if you want to be close to the airport.) A taxi from the airport should cost about Y$75 (about US$10). The hotel is located in the Chaoyang neighborhood, but there's really not much to see within walking distance. There are a number of embassies located nearby, a street called &quot;Super Bar&quot; for nightlife, and a decent mall, all within walking distance. The neighborhood was perfectly acceptable, if lacking in major siteseeing opportunities. The hotel has a taxi stand, and taxis are relatively inexpensive (at least to NYC standards). The hotel is not close to any subway stations.(2) Check-In / Check-OutCheck-in and check-out are very smooth. The employees speak fantastic English and are polite and helpful. There's also a service for checking out the night before you leave. There's always multiple people in the lobby to help you with anything you need. A concierge service can confirm airline bookings and other things.(3) PriceMy friend and I paid US$187/night for a room with two beds.(4) RoomsThe rooms are great. Extremely comfortable beds, mattresses, and sheets. There's lots of space to spread out, with a desk, multiple closets, and comfortable chairs.The bathroom was large with separate shower stall and bathtub. There are plenty of towels and bathrobes are included in the room.The quality of the room was more than &quot;good,&quot; though I'm not sure I would rate it as excellent, only because it didn't have too many &quot;extras.&quot;One slight annoyance: A maid tried to clean our room at 8:30 am on a Saturday morning. We had bolted the door, so she realized that we hadn't left yet for the day, but in a luxury hotel, the staff really should know better than to wake people up early on a weekend.(5) Other AmenitiesComputers with internet access are available on the 3rd floor for Y$3/minute. This is about US$24/hour. Quite honestly, this was the most expensive price for use of a computer with internet access that I found anywhere in China. I'm aware that this is a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel with business clientelle and expense accounts to burn, but US$24/hour is a rip-off, plain and simple, and no amount of &quot;luxury&quot; can justify this price. There was internet service available in the room, but we didn't have a computer.The room includes 2 free bottles of water and a huge delicious apple every day, along with cloth napkin and a knife. 1 Liter of Evian is available for sale for Y$60. (As a comparison, the other hotel we stayed at in this neighborhood sold Evian for Y$30, and a nearby store sold it for Y$18.)Every evening, there was live music at the front of the hotel. Nice and relaxing after a long day.Guests have free use of a gym in the hotel. The staff at the gym seemed like they wanted to actually show me how to use the equipment before I told them that I knew what I was doing.(6) ConclusionThis is a top-end business-class hotel, located close to the airport. There are many amenities and luxuries, and the service is top-notch. Perhaps that's also my main complaint: I don't really need or desire this type of luxury while travelling. (I was staying here because my travelling companion wanted a few nights at a top-end hotel.) As a result, I found the extremely expensive internet service to be almost usurious.Despite that, however, I'll say that this hotel does give value for the money. The service really is fantastic, and there's a bit of pampering involved. The lobby is gorgeous, and the cafes in the lobby are the kinds of places where you can easily greet business clients. The rooms are extremely comfortable and will most certainly result in a good night's sleep. The employees are courteous and helpful. It's a good place, especially if you're looking for much more than just a basic place to sleep for the night.	
Aug 27 2007 	Location looses versus ammenity	Stayed here for business during cold Winter.Stayed on the seventh floor in remodeled room.Room was nicely decorated, fresh looking, clean and conveniently laid out.Standard Western Style hotel with associated amenities.Staff was friendly, helpful and many could speak decent English.Humor: staff wears &quot;award winning robes&quot;	
Aug 14 2007 	Great gym	Stayed at the hotel for business reasons. Not only were all of the staff helpful, but has a great gym. I saw the construction mentioned by other reviewers, but it didn't bother me. Perhaps I was on the &quot;non-noisy&quot; side of the hotel.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good Hotel but noisy construction next door	I recently stayed at the Beijing Hilton and while impressed with the hotel, the construction next door was loud. The workers worked until after midnight.I asked to be moved but was told there were no more rooms. Half the hotel faces this construction so I guess it would be hard to move everyone.The room was nice though but had an odd odor. The bed was very nice. Once the construction stopped I slept well. The bathroom was roomy with both a bath and stall shower.A fuse blew in my room and I will commend the hotel for getting it fixed right away. It looks like they had had this problem before as when I checked in the door to the fuse box was open.If I was on the other side of the hotel my review would have been a whole lot better. The rest of the service was exceptional and the buffet was excellent.	
Jul 23 2007	Excellent - will stay again	Excellent Hilton property and customer service...I am a Hilton Honors Diamond VIP level. After staying in Chinese-owned hotels, it was a nice change to a familiar corporate hotel chain. This would be a good option for foreigners who crave a bit of Western comfort.Rooms are clean, modern, comfortable with all the ammenities such as robe/slipper, well-stocked beverages and snacks, safe. Bathroom is large with plenty of room for two people. Bedding was extremely comfortable and slept well.Room service was excellent...there are many restaurants in the hotel and we ate several meals in-room. The location requires taxi rides to other locations but taxi fares are not expensive (make sure you choose a taxi that has a working meter or else you will haggle a price once you arrive at your destination).The staff was excellent...they speak very clear English, are friendly and attentive.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Hotel Great service	The service at the Beijing Hilton was excellent in every area, and available 24/7. Myself and my family felt very comfortable at the hotel while visiting a new city and a different culture. (on business and holiday). Everyone made us feel welcomed. House keeping was excellent and responsive. Rooms were comfortable, clean. Quiet at night. Great bathroom, big tub to soak in and separate shower. Great beds. The staff were wonderful. Anticipating needs and providing excellent service without being solicitous. Friendly and kind, very good english. Staff and travel desk did a great job with helping in-country travel arrangements. Always making sure we understood the issues and answered all our questions or pointed us in the right direction. A wonderful staff that should make Hilton proud to have. Concierge desk always made sure we could get somewhere and get back. A home away from home. Highly recommended.	
Jun 25 2007 	Enjoyable Stay at the Hilton Beijing	My spouse and I stayed 4 nights at the Hilton Beijing using hotel points. Overall we were impressed by the level of service and quality of the room and would recommend the hotel. Unfortunately, there was one significant negative: the location. The hotel is just beyond the entrance to the third ring road so it was either a U-turn to go into the city or a double U-turn to get on the highway to see outside the city sites (Great Wall, Summer Palace, etc.). The traffic in Beijing is quite bad all day through about 9 pm at night (It took 45 minutes to get to the Temple of Heaven leaving at 10:15 am). One day, we took a taxi just to the subway to save time and it still took over 15 minutes. Maybe when the new subway lines are available, one will reach this area.More specific information about our visit:- Check in was pleasant and easy. There was a welcome food tray and a bottle of wine in the room. They did not upgrade our room but we did have access to the Executive Lounge on the 22nd floor for free breakfast (cereal, eggs, limited dim sum, cheese, fruit, pastry, excellent smoked fish), happy hour, and wireless internet (also available in the lobby) which we did not expect.- Room decor was simple but in good condition - not flashy or exotic but more a classic style. We had some extra luggage because this vacation was an add-on after a business trip but there was room for 2 large and 4 smaller bags. Bath had a nice shower, large tub, room for two at the sink area (single sink) and lighted magnifying mirror although lighting overall could have been brighter.- Best thing about the hotel was the service level - called for laundry pickup and someone was there within 3 minutes, concierge called restaurants/shops to get directions and then went out to the taxi to explain, never a wait for a taxi, we wanted sandwiches to take with us to the Great Wall and the snack shop in the lobby called to get the sandwiches delivered 10 minutes early so we could depart on time. Everyone had a friendly demeanor, spoke decent English and had a service-oriented attitude.A very good hotel overall but plan on extra travel time given its location.	
Jun 21 2007 	Rennovation really improved the hotel!	Just spent two days at this hotel that just finished a major renovation. I am a pretty loyal Hilton hotel user; this hotel was the best I have stayed! Quality is far greater than typical Hiltons in the U.S., and quality level (room amenities, bathrooms (lcd in bath tub area), bedding, common areas) approaches a Ritz level. Workout facilities are the best of any hotels I have recently stayed, and on par with the recently remodeled Ritz Carlton Laguna Niguel. Services levels are very good, and Hilton has done a good job staffing English speaking employees. Definitely request the VIP 22nd floor club level; full service breakfast, drinks, wireless internet and late night drinks snacks at no cost were all greatly appreciated. VIP was not quite like the club levels of Ritz, but close with no extra charges (like Renaissance). Highly recommended!	
Apr 18 2007 	i like it so much	i like it . good price .good place.good room.but a little old	
Apr 11 2007	Good stay	I stayed for a week last november. Staff members are very professional and speak English quite well. Rooms are comfortable and the washrooms are large. Breakfast (not included in the room price) is very good (you can choose among Chinese, Japanese, European and American food). Price is good in comparison to European standard.	
Jan 17 2007	fantastic	styayed for 6 nights, airport pick up was waiting on arrival, room was fantastic exec suite, great lounge with complimentary drinks etc all day. staff were helpful. we were conserned initially that location was to far out it was not a problem as beijing is HUGE so no matter where you stay you will need to take very inexpansive cabs $5 aud to forbidden city etc. if you are going to olympics this is a great choice as right on the ring road. if the price is right well worth considering	
Oct 27 2006	Great Staff Good Food Wonderful Atmosphere	We stayed here in September 2006 with a tour group. The staff was excellent and worked very hard at trying to get everything right. The food was outstanding. Our group had two dinners there and the buffet breakfast - all very good. I learned the hotel was recently renovated, and it showed! It is not close to the center of the city, so may not be ideal location wise, but it was worth it!	
Oct 18 2006 	Not Bad at all	I used the Hilton recently as the Shangri La, my usual Beijing hotel, was full.I'd stayed here before and was pleased to see that the hotel has undergone a significant renovation. The front desk staff were helpful and escorted me to my check in point on the Executive floor, where I was offered drinks while they processed the check in.My room facilities were first class and included a dedicated fax, printer, rotating flat screen TV and DVD player. There was also a TV on the bathroom wall.The bathroom was large and included a walk in shower.A small gripe: the renovations still seemed to be going on and the noise, especially in the lobby and bar, was intrusive.And why do Hilton insist on charging for internet access when their competitors offer it for free?	
Aug 26 2006 	Construction almost done		
Jun 1 2006	Will be nice when it is finished		
Apr 9 2006 	Nice hotel easy to reach  friendly staff		
Mar 29 2006 	Recommended		
Mar 20 2006 	Great hotel in Beijing		
Feb 4 2006	Perfect hotel in Beijing		
Jan 27 2006 	Hilton Beijing a friendly place to stay		
Jan 2 2006 	Another Good Visit		
Aug 11 2004	Little piece of heaven on earth		
May 23 2004	Comfortable home away from home		
May 23 2004	????????????????????????????????		
Oct 25 2009 	????????????????…		
Jul 13 2009 	??????????		
Feb 13 2009 	???????????		
Sep 28 2008 	????????		
Sep 18 2008 	??????????		
Aug 20 2008 	??????????????????		
Jul 10 2007	hilton au top		
