Oct 16 2009 	great service good location and clean rooms	check-in:efficient and smiling staff attended to our luguage and rooms. the experience was pleasant but a tad too long.room:we had a 2 bedroom suite. not as spacious as the ascott beijing but good enough for the 4 of us. there's a balcony from the master bedroom. there's almost more television channels in this apartment.breakfast:very disappointing with no egg station, no wholemeal bread, only white bread, sad-looking pastries, salad, fried noodles and other chinese food that's bland and oily. location:convenience stores and many food joints just round the corner or a street away. although this apartment is further form the city, it was only 15mins ride from summer palace. catching a cab was difficult, so you will need to walk out to the main street to get one. if you are ok with bus and trains, they are close by as well.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	A very well serviced hotel. The only con is the location. There is not much around except for a 7-11. Cab drivers also seemed to have problems finding it. The front desk staff is very very nice and helpful. They also speak english, which is helpful. Would definitely stay again.	
Jan 28 2009 	not very clean...	Service was pretty good. The room itself wasn't very clean or maintained (1 bedroom executive). There's a glass divider between the bathroom and main bedroom for this size room, so it's horrible when you have visitors that need to use the restroom. There was mold growing all over the wood that's part of the glass dividing wall, because the caulking to the tub leaked. They fixed the caulking but the mold was still there. The covers won't stay on the cushions correctly, they slide around. They claim 75 square meters for this size room, I don't see it, it's closer to 60 from my measurement. Their 60 is more like 45 from the one I saw (but didn't measure). When asked they claim they're advertising the room sizes according to the engineering diagrams of the building and not true floor space. I still don't see 15 square meters being eaten up by exterior walls. They also keep the swimming pool freezing cold (which is odd becuase chinese seem to have an aversion to cold).Overall, not the 4 stars they claim to be, and i think there's false advertising for their room sizes. It's maybe 2.5 or 3. stars. Complaining after you sign the contract meets blank faces, once you sign you aren't going to get a room change. The location is pretty good though, close to subway line 10 (which is 2rmb to any station in the city). Really, Chaoyang is where all the major malls and entertainment is and that's on the other side of Beijing, so you'll spend a lot of time on the subway or spend a lot on cab fair to get there if you stay here (around 40RMB each way between Haidian and Chaoyang from my experience). The Olympic park is just off of subway line 10, so I'm sure this was convienient during the Olympics. Basically, i think for the price there are better options both in quality and location.	
Sep 2 2008 	An Oasis in Beijing	We just returned from Beijing, having spent 9 nights for the Olympics at Somerset ZhongGuanCun in the Haidian district. What a great place! An easy walk to Carrefour (supermarket) or the subway line. The daily breakfast lounge was great, and the pool and gym were an oasis after a long hot day outdoors. As a family of 4, we stayed in a 2-bedroom, 2-bath apartment, and had far more room than what a typical hotel could offer.Our apartment had central air conditioning with individual temperature controls in each room. Everything was very clean. Marble floors, marble counters and brand new fixtures. Everything worked as it should. The daily maid service was very efficient, and we never lacked a thing. When we needed something, the staff was very helpful. We'd definitely stay there again.	
