Aug 27 2009 	Surprisingly good business hotel but not well located for tourism.	I stayed in the Xiyuan Hotel on a recent business trip to Beijing, as it was located near to the offices of our business partner. I wasn’t expecting that much going in, but it turned out to be far better than my expectations. Upon arrival, it looked a little like a war zone out front, with all the paving torn up, obviously under going some kind of renovations.It isn’t all that well located actually, a long 1 hour drive from the airport. It is right across the street from the zoo, but far away from the central city where most tourist attractions are located, thus not the handiest spots for tourists. There are however a few good restaurants and shops within short walking distance, including a few western ones, like Pizza Hut, Pizza Factory, and a Carrefour supermarket. There are a few good opportunities for walking/running nearby, around the quiet tree-lined canal beyond the zoo.Check-in and check-out were very smooth and efficient. Most of the front desk staff spoke reasonable English so communication wasn’t a problem, however service in general was very ordinary. The hotel is mainly geared toward Chinese businessmen, so not really up to international standards that you’d expect from this category of hotel.The rooms were of average size with comfy king size beds and a small work desk. The rooms were very clean, bright, quiet, and appeared to be reasonably modern and well-maintained. Non-smoking rooms/floors are available so you can escape the tobacco stench common to Chinese hotels. The bathroom was nice enough, however it smelt musty, as if there were a water leak somewhere. Also the stone counter top around the sink was stained and marked, either needing a thorough polishing or replacement. The fruit basket upon arrival was a really nice touch. Free internet was available in the room but it wasn’t very fast.The breakfast, included in the price, was nothing to rave about, but it was sufficient. We didn’t try any of the other restaurants. I went down to use the hotel gym but found it to be “closed for renovation”, a common theme in Chinese hotels in my experience. I had a look through the window and it seemed to be fairly well equipped with both cardio and weightlifting equipment. There is also a lap pool there. Overall my experience there was very good, and much better than expectations. Would I stay there again? Well, for tourism, no. But if I had business in the area, yes I would most definitely stay there again, no complaints. Likes: comfortable good quality rooms. Dislikes: musty bathroom, lack of attention to service, poor location	
Jul 30 2009 	Good bargain hotel	I stayed one night in the Villas section at the back of the hotel. The room was a bit dated but clean and spacious with fast internet. I paid only 298 RMB (about US $42). No CNN on the TV, but it is fairly quiet. The Sizhimen subway station is about a 20 minute walk or a 10 RMB taxi ride. The zoo is very close and Beijing University is not too far away. If you are looking for elegant lodgings, this might not be the place but I found it quite acceptable. There is a Carrefour right across the street where you can buy almost anything you might need in food, clothing, or gear.	
May 25 2009 	There's nothing really wrong with this hotel but it's probably better for Chinese natives than American or Europeans.	I've really got no complaints about this hotel, but no real compliments either. The rooms were clean, but spare.The staff was nice, but not great with English.The location isn't really near anything except Beijing's pitiful zoo, but it's right across the street from that.The breakfast buffet was large, but I blame some warm milk for making me puke one day. There is one of those revolving restaurants on the top floor.	
Oct 10 2008	Seen better days avoid.	Try and avoid this hotel if you can, the room we had was very tired and the bathroom was a disgrace, they must use the whole output of the grouting industry in China to try keep the mould around the shower unit at bay and fail in the process. The room was very dark and the lighting is totally inadaquate. The staff were polite but instructions come from on high to keep service to a minimum and not all the advertised services are available. Probably very good in it's day but the cracks are showing with age, avoid.	
Oct 6 2008 	Beautiful hotel	This hotel is beautiful, comfortable and located in an interesting part of Beijing. We stayed here for three nights at the end of our trans siberian trip and could not have wished for a better end to our holiday. The room was lovely, bed extremely comfortable, the breakfast was amazing and restaurants varied with delicious food. The street where the hotel is located has numerous attractions: the zoo, planetarium and palaentology museum to name a few. I would highly recommend this hotel to fellow travellers.	
Sep 23 2008 	Adeqate 4 star hotel	Large hotel with decent rooms although quite dark and there were no bedside lights.There is an office where you can make reservations for one of the five restaurants and we went with our Chinese Guide to book ameal in the Grill (enough rice for now). We checked with the office later in the day to ensure the restaurant was open and that there were still tables and we were told it was OK.Had a shower and went to the grill to find a notice saying it was closed from late August until early October.I rang Reception to enquire about another of the restaurants and after speaking to three members of staff I was no wiser.Few staff seems to understand English.Revolving restaurant do do nice international (ish) buffet meals.	
Jun 10 2008	Excellent Beijing hotel	We had two short stays at this hotel. On both occasions the room was excellent with good facilities.The buffet breakfast has something for everyone but is not cheap at about 9GBP.The bar and restaurant staff were obliging as were the concierge staff.I would recommend this hotel without any hesitation.	
Feb 29 2008 	Old tired socialist hotel	this hotel has a deal with Chinese government offices. The hotel staff really did not care about their clients because they got deals from the coferences sponsored by the government anyway. They still hold that bad attitute in the 60's and 70's when sales assistants acted like your bosses. They lose guests' laundry quite often, or better they purposely hide guests' laundry with brand names, so they can sell it on the street later. The carpet is filthy. The faucets are rusty. The showhead is filled with soap scum. The maintainence of the hotel is horrible. You are still using the hair dryers with heavy klong TUBES in the 70's. I don't know how this hotel is ranked a five-star hotel. My assessment is only 2.5 stars at best. Xiyuan hotel is a typical product of the old Chinese iron bowl economy. This hotel needs a thorough overhaul.	
Oct 28 2007	good all round hotel	we recently stayed at the xiyuan hotel for 3 nights as part of an organised tour of china.we found this particular hotel perfectly adequate , the room was large as was the bathroom (2 showers). all the cosmetics provided you could possible need.i would not rate as a 5 star more like 4 but would happily stay there again.the breakfast was extensive and best of all we had on our journey in china.	
Oct 24 2007 	Good Solid Hotel	10/24/07 Just returned from staying at the Xiyuan Hotel. We were booked in one of the basic rooms, but since was on a smoking floor, moved to one of the basis suites on non-smoking floor. These are on the ends of the halls, so 2 outside walls (see below).Good, basic hotel. Although states is 5 Star, actually 4 Star in us system. Has a very good breakfast, included in most room charges, with a mix of western &amp; chinese fair. Pool &amp; exercise room appear to cost extra. Very few of the hotel staff speak english - the best seemed to be the operator who sets up wake up calls. A couple of surprises - no clocks in the room. The government does not allow heat to be turned on until Nov 15, except in the super-delux hotels. So it got a little cold in the room. The bed was very hard (like Eur beds) &amp; never really got used to it. Nice bathroom, 3-4 US TV stations. Good, very cheap (&lt;$2 / meal) chinese restaurant, that has an English menu, on Right just as leaving hotel property.If your tour includes Beijing Zoo, &amp; you also have free time, see if you can do something else during the tour. The Zoo is right across the highway from the hotel &amp; easy to do on your own. Internet cafe nearby was being renovated &amp; my ISP couldn't be accessed from hotel business center (2Y / min to use there I-net). The Carefore Grocery store has lots of stuff - AVOID going on the weekend. Every weekend is worse than the day before Thanksgiving in US.Enjoy.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Hotel	Just finished a 30 day stay at the hotel for a work assignment so I have a good idea of the place. Service from staff was excellent and so quick whenever a request made. Language did not seem a barrier as staff patient and try to understand or would get assistance from staff that spoke English. Buffet breakfast was delicious with a large number of choices and eggs cooked to order. Big Carrefour store across street, european Walmart, everything u need can find there, also a Pizza Hut &amp; KFC across street if you want a quick break from Chinese. Hotel restaurants were plentiful with a great grill room almost top floor with great views and a delcious huge buffet on top floor in revolving restaurant. Food and service at restaurants I found to be very good. Good rates to and great value. A short taxi ride to financial center, walk to Beijing Zoo, 20-30 minute taxi ride to Tianemmen Square/Forbidden city, 40 minutes taxi to airport..(non peak times). A really comfortable place to stay!	
Jul 17 2007 	Won't come here again!	We stayed in the smaller Xiyuan Villas, which are cheaper rooms and not in the same building as the main hotel. First the good: the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable, something that's not that easy to find with midprice hotels in China. The Villa restaurant is very reasonably priced (US$ 5 per dish) and quite delicious (but skip the breakfast). The location is so-so. Surrounded by busy highways, but within walking distance of the zoo, a couple pizza places, and an internet cafe. You might also want to check out the Purple Bamboo Park (Zizhuyuan) if you are around early in the morning or in the late afternoon. In July the lotus flowers are absolutely gorgeous, and it's full of people strolling, singing, and practicing martial arts. Unfortunately the reception staff, both at the Xiyuan main building and at the Villa, were bewilderingly nasty. Enough so that I wouldn't come back. Also, the location, being set back from the streets, makes the rooms very quiet at night; but in the morning when other guests and housekeeping staff start yelling down the halls, it gets noisy!	
Sep 20 2006 	A Truly Dreadful Experience	I had the good fortune to attend a business trip to China and must say I had a wonderful time staying in some really nice hotels in Xiamen, Shenzhen and other cities. However, I have nothing positive to say about the Hotel Xiyuan. The first room offered was filthy, grey net curtains, damp on the walls and smelt of smoke. The second room offered was little better. After agreeing to pay an upgrade we moved to a better room and thought things would improve. We had to argue with staff, yes argue, to put anything on the hotel bill, despite them swiping the credit card in advance! They changed our restaurant dining venue without consultation making us go without breakfast or be late for a scheduled business meeting. Never responded to a complaint and were thoroughly inefficient The bill was wrong at check out and they forgot to collect our luggage from the room. Needless to say we will not be returning or recommending to anyone. If you do go - and enjoy - as previous guests appear to have done - please let me know your secret!	
Jul 14 2006 	Completely comfortable	Everything about this hotel was great. Comfortable rooms. great breakfast, helpful staff.	
May 30 2006	Excellent	Excellent Hotel. Nice Rooms, spotlessly clean. Well equipped. 1st class breakfast.Only criticism was distance from centre. Neverthelass an enjoyable stay.	
Jan 7 2006 	Good Food and location	Stayed at the hotel as part of an international conference in November. The range of food was good at reasonable prices, including their &quot;food street&quot; in a nearby building. Service was good. The cheaper room I had was a little &quot;tired&quot;, shaver point not working, room could do with a repaint. This was evident in other parts of the hotel that perhaps it had seen better days.I would strongly suggest paying by other than credit card as many of us who attended the conference had trouble with unauthorised transactions and had to get our cards replaced. Several conference attendees only used their credit card at this hotel whilst visiting China.	
Sep 29 2005	A nice hotel	Stayed at the Xiyuan Hotel in August 2005 as part of a tour we were doing of China - found the hotel clean, staff friendly and breakfast was good. Hotel was abit out of the city centre - could have done with being abit closer to the action, but on the whole a good hotel.	
Mar 20 2005 	The Xiyuan's a Real Find!	We have stayed twice at the Xiyuan Hotel in Beijing. It's about a 20 minute cab ride to the center of town, but we never paid more than $5. The staff speaks English and is very accomodating and friendly. The rooms are standard, not luxe, but very clean. We easily added an extra bed for our granddaughter and had adequate space. Bottled water is free, and broadband is available at a minimal cost. The breakfast buffet is outstanding, and there are several restaurants in the building and within walking distance. A Spa had been added by our 10/04 visit, with very reasonably priced services. The only drawback is its distance from the city center, although tour buses will pick you up -- and it's much quieter! We highly recommend the Xiyuan Hotel.	
