Jul 16 2009 	Great find!	I stayed at the Oriental Culture Hotel in Beijing for a week in July 09. I had expected an average 3.5 star hotel in a crappy location. BUT what I found was a great 4 star business hotel in great part of town and close to transport and downtown.Service was good (considering that China is not yet Thailand when it comes to service) and I was upgraded to a Deluxe Room facing the street. The room exceeded expectation. Modern furnishings, huge King size bed with luxury linen. Plasma TV, fast internet (free), CNN, HBO and even a turn down service. The bathroom had a walk in shower with waterfall shower head plus normal power adjustable head. Fresh towels and toiletries daily. Bathrobes and even a turn down service where they gave me a choc and the next day's weather.The staff were helpful and most spoke decent Engish. They were helpful re cabs but abit clueless re tours. The lobby is big and well lit.Only gripe was that my fridge didn't work. That said, I didn't complain so I didn't give them a chance to fix it.This hotel is a great find and I'll definately stay there again!!	
May 21 2009 	The best hotel I have ever seen!	I was positively surprised when I opened the door of our room. modern furniture, huge flat screen TV, very spacious, air conditioning, complimentary Internet connection (wired) lovely stone floored shower, super modern bath room and generally very very clean. The breakfast is good, very Chinese though. staff do not speak English fluently but are very nice and will do everything they can.The location is also great very close to Lama Temple. For the rest of sightseeing places I cannot say much since we were transferred with our guide.Don't forget your cap or they don't let you in the swimming pool.	
May 3 2009 	Dont if its warm weather!	All was what I would have expected given the low price except the TV reception was vey poor but most importantly there was no a/c. Having asked the staff numerous times I was told every time they would have someone check the a/c. Being my inquisitive self I discovered the had it entirely turned off to save money. I woke wih little sleep this morning to a sweaty hot and 31 degree room and right now (9pm) its 26. Staff have advised to &quot;open a window&quot;...in noisy polluted Beijing right! Besides..its made no difference. We are moving out tomorrow.	
Apr 29 2009	Good Comfortable Hotel In Beijing	We stayed at this hotel last week. We were with a tour group. We had a problem with our room but this was quickly sorted out by our tour guide. The room was very clean and comfortable.If you change money in the hotel, you need your passport even for cash. If you use an ATM make sure it is at a Bank of China as some of our tour had problems at other banks.If you go out of the hotel and turn right and walk about 100 yards you will find a big supermarket selling everything you could want. It is worth a visit just to see what is on sale on the meat and fish counters.There are plenty of restaurants around, although several in our party at at the hotel and found the buffet excellent and very reasonably priced. The breakfast buffet was very good with plenty of variety.TravellingPensioners	
Apr 14 2009 	Poor Air Condioning in April	We stayed in this hotel for four nights in April 2009. Weather in this month in Beijing changes from mild to hot. The hotel administration did not turn on the centralized air conditioning though it was much needed for comfortable sleep in the night. Later on I heard it is typical of many other local hotels in China. On this account the visitors are cautioned to check whether they provide air conditioning. Apart from this there was construction taking place in the next building it also caused noise at night. Other than this hotel was neat and clean and relatively newer interior. The price was also reasonable.	
Feb 16 2009	Enjoyed our stay	My husband, son and I stayed in Beijing Oriental Culture hotel for 5 nights in July 2008, and enjoyed our experience. We booked a suite and requested an extra bed in the living room for my son, all with very reasonable price. The suite was spacious and well furnished and decorated. The location was ideal for us, as the hotel is in a fairly quiet area of the city, but still centrally located and only 5 minutes walk away from a subway station. There are many restaurants within walking distance of the hotel, and there is a supermarket only a few minutes away, very convenient! The internet service was good; we also booked a domestic flight through the business service of the hotel to our satisfaction. We will definitely book this hotel again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Clumsy staff and poor maintenance	On the surface a beautiful and nicely located hotel, but unfortunately we ran into a few problems there. The toilet in the room we were given was clogged. The staff called a plummer who quickly arrived on the scene with a plunger. He did not fix the problem, but apparently told the staff that he had. We had to complain a second and a third time before we finally got to speak with the assistant manager. She said we could switch to another room on the afternoon of the next day. 8 am the next morning she called to reconfirm our agreement, that yes, we would switch rooms that afternoon. An hour later she called again and asked us to switch rooms immediately. She generously gave us 5 minutes to pack and get ready to move. The rest of the stay went by without trouble, but there still was a few things we were not happy about:1.The new room had a non smoking designation, but smelled of cigarettes. 2. Old condom wrappers lay behind the bed side tables of both rooms.3. One of the two main elevators smelled like a public restroom. Standing close to the entrance you could even smell it as it came down the shaft towards you. 4. The staff's English skills are limited to simple hotel related matters. They behave more like robots with preprogrammed responses than actual human beings, but this is normal in China. The Chinese try hard and they build beautiful things, but they fall short on maintenance, cleanliness and what I like to call common sense. Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel is a good example of this, but it is also a part of what makes China such a fascinating destination.	
Jan 6 2009	Loved the Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel	We visited Beijing, China from December 30, 2008 to January 4, 2009. We really had a great time in Beijing especially so that we picked the right hotel. Before booking our hotel with the travel agent, we made sure that the hotel we are about to stay is clean and comfortable. We tried looking up the hotels in the internet and found out that there were a lot of horror stories of the lower ranked hotels. We found the reviews in this site very helpful. So we decided to book our 6day/5night stay at the Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel.We were very impressed when we got to the hotel during our first night. After a very cold first day tour of Beijing, we found the hotel to be nice, clean and comfortable. The front desk staff were very helpful and accommodating. Our rooms were ready and immaculately cleaned! The breakfast buffet was also good. It had a choice of eastern and western food. The staff at the Oriental Cafe were pleasant and very courteous. We really had a great time during breakfast as the cafe manager made us feel at home and well taken cared of.The location is also good. It had small food shops and stores nearby. There's a supermarket and a Mc Donald's outlet just two minutes away. A subway station is also nearby. We were able to take the subway to various parts of Beijing. The hotel is really accessible!We were very happy about the service and the rates. We thought that we could not have this kind of accommodation since we were not booked in a 5 star hotel. The Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel is indeed a hidden treasure. We did not want any terrible hotel stories to be part of our Beijing tour. We found none.We hope that the service of the hotel would even get better. Prehaps they should have a non-smoking floor.	
Oct 24 2008 	Reasonable	Booked as part of a China Tour:www.tourchina.co.ukHotel seemed fine and comfortable although beds were very hard.It seems all the 4/5 star hotels on our trip were very similar in all that the hotel and rooms offered but were pretty much business type hotels you could find in any city in the world.Most hotels and this included will only provide 2 small bottles of drinking water and will charge you for extra - my advice is to go out of hotel and turn right and there are 2 big supermarkets to buy water a lot cheaper.One tip is that in all the hotels we stayed in the alcohol was very expensive in the bars......300mls beer 30-40 yuen ( £3-4) - outside in restaurants or supermarket - 10 yuen and 30 yuen respectively. Well in this hotel we found a cheaper way - the restaurant on the ground floor next to the lifts sells 600mls local beer for 15 yuen - the staff seem more than happy for you not to eat and just have a drink - but you can't take out the beer into the general hotel area.Otherwise hotel is in a good area with good local restaurants - advice is to choose bigger establishments which are full of local people - they won't speak english so be prepared to point to what you want on other people's tables - don't feel embarrasses as they will be watching you too!	
Apr 28 2008 	A hidden gem -- grab it!	My friend and I found this place pretty much by accident when looking for a replacement for the City Hotel Beijing (about which, the less said the better).And what a happy accident it was! This is basically a five star hotel at a three to four star price. The rooms are gorgeously furnished, with couches, desks, televisions in both the lounge room and bedroom, and pristeen bathrooms. Our rooms were done in different styles (one more modern, one more classic in feel), but both were absolutely top class, and were superior even to the more expensive rooms we had in the five star Beijing Asia Hotel.24 hour room service is available at reasonable prices, and the quality of food is fairly good (try the chocolate cake!). The morning breakfast buffet offers a wide range of Chinese and Europoean/American options, with staff on hand to cook eggs and omelettes to your liking.The gym and pool facilities exceed those of many five star hotels in Beijing (although the dumbells at the gym only go up to 25 kg, which may not be enough for some). The service is courteous and helpful, and comparable to any similar hotel in Beijing (though of course not as polite as you would find in, say, Japan).The location is good as there is a well known restaurant street nearby, although as with just about anywhere in Beijing (where the city blocks are enormous), you will need a taxi or the subway to go pretty much anywhere. However, transport prices are so cheap that this isn't a problem.My only quibbles were that one of our rooms took far too long (around 1.5 hours) to prepare after we checked in, and the rooms do not include ironing boards and irons, which you have to borrow from reception instead. Overall though, the Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel was a fantastic experience and I will be heading straight back there when I next visit Beijing. I should add -- what unfortunately does not go without saying in mainland China -- that we experienced absolutely no shenanigans from the hotel staff or management. This place seems to represent the better side of Chinese culture.	
Mar 30 2008 	Had a great stay at the Beijing Oriental Culture Hotel	Had a fantastic time at this hotel. Had only good service at check in (could have been better), I think foreigners actually get better service than patrons of asian appearence.The room was very comfortable, room was made up each day and covers turned down each evening with a chocolate placed on the pillow in an envelope with the next days forcast temperature.What makes this hotel good, it the location. Close to the Lama Temple and Confucius Temple and new subway station is only a few blocks away.Local to a wonderful street full of fantastic restaurants made it easy to find food at any time of night! The lights were so so pretty and great for photo ops.	
Mar 27 2008	They need to learn what the word "service" means	I have just checked in to this hotel and had a horrible experience at check-in. The people said they gave our room away because we were one hour late in arriving to the hotel (due to a flight delay). Moreover, they were extremely rude and not accomodating. Instead of upgrading us to a better room, they have put us in a cheaper room with no window. They screamed at us and would answer the questions of the Chinese before dealing with our issues. The staff is rude and racist. A terrible first impression and if I were you, I would pay the additional few dollars to stay in a better hotel.	
Jul 24 2006 	Loved it	Hi, i stayed at the Oriental Culture Hotel when i went on a school trip with my school band in 2004 representing the uk in the international music festival. China was an amazing place. The hotel was the best place i have ever and probably ever will stay in. Staff are friendly and polite, you are given a swipe card too get into ur room be careful not to lose but if u do u canacquire another one at reception. In the lobby you have a seating area which is surrounded by a fountain a piano and some palm trees. The food is chinese food and nice if u like that sort of thing. I only ate the rice luckily there was a Mcdonalds nxt door to the hotel. The swimming pool is big and has a lifeguard on duty. The hotel also boasts a gym, a huge bowling alley, snooker rooms, football tables etc. The facilities at this hotel are absolutely fantastic. When i first got up to my room i couldnt believe it's size. The view out of the window went on to the high street, we had a widesreen television which gives you movies ni english or with english subtitles. Our room consisted of two double beds for two people with an ensuite bathroom which had a shower, bath, wash basin and toilet. There is plenty of storage space but beaware of not being able to drink the drinking water. The staff were pleasent and the cleanliness of the hotel was amazing. i left some money for our cleaner as she did an amazing job. Next door to the hotle is a cd shop sellnig the latest english albums for 12p. Convert your money to yen and beaware that everything is very cheap. Mcdonalds give u huge portions for less than british price. i had a two litre coke for 99p. Visit the great wall of china, tien a men square etc. The oriental culture hotel was amzing and a brilliant stay	
