Nov 8 2009 	Absolutly Charming	What a place! If you want a luxury hotel go ahead, but if you want to mix with the locals and find out what great people they are this is a good start. I was traveling with a friend, and we cannot think of anything to complain about. We stayed here twice… once at arrival and once after our trip to Inner Mongolia. Bobby (owner), his wife, and the girls who work there are so friendly and eager to help that when we left we felt like they were family.There is complementary tea anytime, dumpling day on Tuesday (you are more than welcome to help if you wish). One night we had dinner with Bobby, his wife, and the girls that work there, and so on and so on… We asked for help on getting train tickets to Zhangjiakou and the next day we had the tickets on our hands without moving a finger.The staff, Yan Xiao, and Graciella even took me shopping on their day off and made my life much easier when dealing with merchants. That is what I call customer service at its best.This is the best accommodation I have ever had including those in luxury hotels (which I am not fond of) in my life. Authentic wonderful Chinese people and culture!	
Oct 26 2009 	Wonderful place	Very nice and clean rooms. The yard in this old hutong house has been covered with a glass roof - that gives You an opportunity to use the yard as a cosy lobby/living room.The staff - young girls - are very helpful. The hotel manager Bob lived in Australia for some years and speak fluently english. Bob and his wife are very considerate, kind and the make great efford in making the guests have a good time in Beijing.	
Oct 1 2009 	If you want to actually "experience" Beijing	You can go to Beijing, stay in a western style hotel, and say you have been to Beijing. Or you can stay at a hotel such as the Templeside Deluxe Hutong House and say you have experienced Beijing.This is because as the name suggests the hotel is in a hutong and from the moment you step out the door you are in an authentic, everyday Beijing setting with local people going about their normal day to day life.The hotel itself is an old family home which has seven guest rooms set around a central courtyard. The rooms are a good size and have everything you need to have a comfortable stay while the courtyard doubles as the eating area and a place to meet fellow travellers. We found everything about the hotel to be clean and well presented.Bobby the owner speaks excellent English and one of his younger staff members who is always there when he is not also speaks good English. The rest of the staff have minimal English but they know their job well enough to ensure that everything runs smoothly. The food, whether it is the breakfast prepared at the hotel or other meals ordered from a nearby restaurant, is very good and very cheap.The day we left we caught the night train to Xian but even though we had checked out of our room in the morning the hotel minded our luggage for the day and allowed us to have a shower before we left to catch the train.The nearest subway station is an easy 10-15 minute walk and taxis are easy to get by walking 2 minutes to the nearest main road. Each morning we walked to the subway by heading west through the hutong knowing that we would eventually come to the main road where the station is. We were always the only non-Chinese around. At night though we would use the main roads to ensure we found the right alley way to get to the hotel and not get lost.A tip that may be handy. We found getting taxis to the hotel difficult even though we had the name and address written in Chinese. Drivers either don't know where it is or are reluctant to drive into a hutong as it can take them so long to get back out. It is best to get hotel staff to write the nearest main intersection to give to the taxi driver and walk the two or three minutes to the hotel from there.The sights of Beijing are spread all over the city so no one hotel is going to be central to them all. With this in mind do yourself a favour and pick a hotel with a difference and actually experience the life of the city. You probably won't be here again so make the most of your stay and take home some true memories.	
Aug 22 2009 	Awesome. Bobby and company were amazing helpful nice...wonderful.	Templeside is a wonderful place. It's not right in the center of things, but I consider that a good thing when I beijing, at least. The hutong is charming, and not at all touristy, which means you can get wonderful prices on things like white peaches and Beijing duck. The place itself has covered the center courtyard, making a great space to hang out, eat, read, relax. They have an AC in there and provide cool books like the China lonely planet guide. They don´t have a restaurant in the place (though they wil make you breakfast in the kitchen), but are happy to order out for you. The food gets delivered within about a half an hour and is hot and wonderful. Bobby, the owner, speaks English exceptionally well, is VERY helpful, and they have a book full of helpful info...menus, subway maps, you can even book trips to the great wall or to Chinese acrobatic shows. Theyhave a DVD library, internet that's relatively inexpensive, and Bobby and his staff are also happy to translate directions for you. Make sure you have them do that, as NONE of the cab drivers speak any English (or anything other than Mandarin), and you won't be able to communicate otherwise. I highly reccommend Templeside Delux, as well as their other locations, which I saw and were nice. The hotel as well as the shared accommodations are just lovely. And it's a nice place to come home to after the steamy summer bustle of Beijing. Also, surrounding are some very nice tea shops, and it's only a few (albeit long) blocks from the subway stop (though cab fare is cheap, so you can pretty much get anywhere for under $5 U.S.).	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Ho(s)tel	Bobbie's Templeside Deluxe Ho(s)tel was great. It's located right in the Hutongs close to Fuchengmen subway station (about 15 min walk). The looks of the courtyard and the rooms are amazing - all colorful and lovely. The rooms were clean, and well-equipped. the staff is very very friendly and helpful. They offer dumpling-making sessions once a week, which is great fun and have advise on where to go and what to do and on local stuff such as different markets (fruit, antiques, food ect) . Internet with reasonable speed is also available ALWAYS WORTH A VISIT.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great authentic place to stay in Beijing	The hotel is a an excellent place to stay where one can enjoy a memorable stay in the capital and have the opportunity to be within the everyday life of a typical neighbourhood in Beijing.The rooms are clean and have all the facilities one can desire including airconditioning, TV and a good internet connection.The location is very central with good transport connections to all the tourist attractions as well as the shopping centers.The best part is surely the friendly team at the hotal, which is always ready to advise how and in what way one can go about visiting places of interest.	
May 3 2009 	two week jog thru China	Templeside was an excellent place to stay, if you like, as we do, staying in a real residential neighborhood. It's in the middle of a hatong, traditional Beijing neighborhoods which are rapidly disappearing. The room and the common areas were very comfortable, and Bobby, the proprietor, speaks excellent English and was very helpful. Templeside was the nicest place we stayed in China, all of which were fine.	
Jun 3 2009 	Sympatisches Gästehaus in authentischer Umgebung		
