Dec 2 2008 	Love it Love it	I stayed at this hotel for one night in November. The person who booked this hotel told me that it was recently remodeled right before the Olympics. With $90 a night, I was more than willing to give it a try. It's off the crazy 3rd Ring road (San Huan), so traffic seems moderate. US and Japanese embassies are within walking distance. There is a food street adjacent to it. I did not get a chance to explore it. It can be an interesting place to get a bite if you are tied of the hotel menus. I had a single room with a king size bed. Not huge space, but plenty room for what I need. It's well decorated, modern and hi-tech, and smells clean too. The bed is very comfortable. Sheets and towels show very little use. The LCD TV has many international channels, American, French, German, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Australian ... plus many more I can't even recognize. The breakfast was only okay, not a huge selection compared to what I had elsewhere, but not bad either for 80 yuan. I changed American dollars to local yuan at its business center at an incredible rate 6.795 while other hotels usually gave me 6.4 or even lower. Overalll, to me, it is a smaller version of Hilton, just one block away across the street. You only pay half of Hilton's price. I will definitely stay there again next time.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great value great hotel all around	When I booked this hotel, I had some pretty low expectations knowing that in China sometimes you get exactly what you pay for, and often even that ratio is a stretch. What a pleasant surprise I had when I got into my room, it was absolutely clean and perfect for my business trip. I had stayed at the intercontinental hotel a few weeks before in Beijing for literally 5 times the price of the Guangming, and the room was almost exactly the same. The stigma of Chinese hotels has finally been reversed, long live the Guangming... The lobby was clean and 5 star-ish, the service was excellent, but the rooms were exemplary and this hotel is certainly one I'll go back to for all of my business trips in the future. Booking with Ctrip gave me some sort of special on free internet in my room which was another little bonus of this place. The only annoying thing was the breakfast, which though edible was certainly not anywhere close to the intercontinental. But then again, with the money I saved I made sure to treat myself to a nice brunch at a nice brunch spot in the embassy district. A good hotel all around, and its a great location, check it out and thank me later.	
