Nov 21 2009 	VIC the best place to go!	Almost every week, I go to VIC, sixth floor of WanDa Sofitel, Beijing, for business dinner or parties with friends. I have to say in the past 12 month, the service/food/drinks have been greatly improved and reached a very high level. Mr. Reto, the director of food/beverage of the hotel, provided excellent service with his team, not only at VIC but also at the French restaurant managed by Mr. Damia. By improving the way of store red/white wine, the restaurant now offers drinks with much better taste.Teddy Yan	
Oct 27 2009 	A brunch at my taste!	Last weekend we decided to have Brunch with family, kids and friends at the Sofitel Wanda.RMB 378 plus taxes is quite an amount for a family, but I have to say, it was absolutely woth the price. 5 kinds of (local) Caviar, Swiss Raclette, lobster halfs plus free flow Champange was pretty amazing. My daugher loved the snow candies. she took 3 portions and no vegetables......I was impressed about the management's decision to provide 10 different pumpkin hot dishes. Well I like pumpkins, so I am fine, but theming it like this, singles out some customers. To my surprise, there were hairy crabs on offer. Not a common thing, I must comment. My wife loved it and took 3 of them. So everybody happy. As I am a very picky person, I have to lament that the Parma ham was cut too thick and was to greasy due of non-cooling but as well due of choice of product.I liked the idea of having caviar with crackers and a vodka shot, even though it was lunch time. Well it just fits perfectly. however, Russian blini would have been perfect but the attempt is well recognized. What I liked most was the flexibility of the Restaurant Mangement. As Champange was included (Mumm Rose), it seemed to me like a bottle of yesterday while tasting it. But the F&amp;B Manager quickly approached and told us that this is wanted as Mumm wanted a Champagne with low bubble content and more wine taste. Fare eneough. I still did not like it and the F&amp;B Manager realized it. He proposed instantly a Perrier Jouet White and it was instantly served and the Rose removed. Well done!I clearly see the aim to attract customers who enjoy quality rather than quantity. There might me less covers than @ Westin but definitively the French do the right thing here and I shall return	
Oct 25 2009 	Plush 5 star hotel but low grade service!	I like this hotel very much, given it's location and the comfort level of the room. However, the service of their front counter staff (Cashier section or Check in section) leaves a lot to be desired. Check in on 19 Oct, check out 25 Oct.During check-in, I waited 10 mins before I had to bring myself to the cashier staff to be served. The staff were just walking to and fro and I was like an Invisible person standing there waiting. I did not get the non-smoking room which I requested in my booking, in addition, if I wanted to get a room change, I can only wait until after 10pm. Where's the logic? Check out is from 3pm, right? I checked in at 4-5plus in the evening.When I went for my breakfast, there was a foreign Caucasian couple behind me, they got asked first on whether they needed a table for two? Again, I am Invisible!On the third night, the aircon broke down, when I called to ask, the staff said it's a national issue (the whole city shuts down airconditioning during winter). But on the 5th night, I was informed that it was working again due to a faulty maintenance a few days ago. My conclusion is because I am Asian looking (like their fellowmen), they will prefer to serve a foreigner first instead. Low class service in a High class hotel.BUT this place serves great breakfast and have very comfortable rooms. Only complaint on the room is the pillows are too soft, orthopedic pillow too hard. Try providing the pillows that Sheraton Hotels provide and it is fantastic!	
Oct 22 2009 	Terrible Service - not what you expect from a Sofitel Hotel	We paid quite an expensive rate for this hotel and was expecting excellent service (especially after a great experience at the Sofitel Metropole in Hanoi). But when we arrived, there was nobody to help us with the luggage. When we got to the check in desk it took 20 minutes to find our book. When we got to the room, it was nice and clean but was very warm. Later we found out that the air conditioning was broken. When we contacted the housekeeping staff, they said they would try to fix it asap but would open the windows for us in the meantime. After returning from dinner, we learned that the whole hotel's air conditioning was broken and will need 2 days to be repaired. As the windows could only open a small gap, the room was very warm and stuffy. We complained and they could only offer another room but we explained that it would not resolve the problem because there was no air conditioning in the whole building. We requested a fan but they didnt have any. Worse of all, when we were complaining, we saw them checking in customers without warning them about the air conditioning and we saw a customer getting quite furious learning about the problem only after paying.After arguing with with the front desk for 30 mins, we still couldnt get a solution or refund. So we requested to speak with the reception manager (Margaret). Her response to the problem was disappointing. She again only offered to give us another NON AIR CONDITIONED room. As we were travelling with our parents who have high blood pressure, we explained that under such conditions we needed to change to another hotel. They finally made a booking at another hotel for us (China World Hotel) but said we had to bear our own costs for the transfer. We of course could not accept such ridiculus offer so we continued to argue with the reception manager until they finally offered to bear the costs. When we arrived at the China World Hotel we learned that the reservation manager of Sofitel had not communicated properly with CWH about the payment arrangement and after spending another hour (because the Sofitel manager had already left and nobody would pick up the call of CWH) we finally got the payment settled out.Must say the people at CWH were very helpful. Although the hotel is a little dated, it's clean and the service is impeccable. They were very considerate and saw that we were travelling with elders and as it was already midnight. they offered a room for my parents (and at that time we were still sorting out the payment issue). They were also kind enough to give us a room on the club floors.Anyway, the experience at Sofitel Wanda was terrible and really ruined our first day at Beijing. Whilst the hotel is pretty, service was so bad that the beauty of the hotel could not make up for such bad service.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Location for Business and Dinner	The reason for my travel was business. One of my friends helped me to find this hotel because of the location close to his office. The location of the hotel is very good. Easy to find a taxi to go everywhere in Beijing, especially in the CBD District. Some good bars and restaurants are not far away from this hotel, even the hotel offers good restaurants and bars by itself. The restaurants are very good. Tried the Japanese and the Buffett Dinner restaurant. The restaurants and the bar are on the same level. All of them are quite nice and good quality. The restaurant is, that's my opinion, already an upper class restaurant compared to restaurants I know in Beijing. Also the price is very good ... high, but reasonable for what you get. Good location for Dinner or havin some drinks.The staff of the hotel is very friendly, helpful and alwaysnice. I never had any trouble. They solve every problem and help you wherever they can. Wonderful.The rooms are very nice, clean, comfortable and big. Even the price for the rooms is in the upper class, but for that kind of rooms also reasonable. The price-performance-ratio is acceptable and quite ok. The only item I have to complain about is the business center. I was not very happy about this. They were not so friendly, but I just needed them once. All in all I can say, that I was very satisfied with all my stays over there, and I stayed there many times. It's a very good hotel with a wonderful location, acceptable price-performance-ratio and friendly staff. Recommendable for business every time.	
Oct 11 2009	Plush marbled and smells like roses	Our party of 40 guests stayed here for my wedding in Beijing and all guests were impressed with the luxury of the hotel. The rooms were of a good size and were well equipped - the prestige suites in particular were stunningly opulent.Our guests tipped the pool and spa as being very top end - the photos on the hotel's website don't do these areas justice. The pool area was chilled, serene and peaceful.We were all most impressed with the friendly staff (though english was a bit pidgin at times, perhaps we shold have brushed up on mandarin!). The hotel manager was welcoming and we received a very generous gift of vintage champagne and strawberries on our wedding night - thank you sofitel. Not many of us managed to sample the delights of the top end restaurants in the hotel (though I popped my head into the all of them and they all smelt divine and looked the business). The drink prices will make your wallet ache, but they are the same as any other 5 star in Beijing. If you can spare £10, the M bar is an amazing venue.Finally, the best praise of all has to go to the outstanding breakfasts. Wow. If you're looking for a luxury stay in China's capital, I'd 100% reccommend the Sofitel. Great facilities, great atmosphere, great service.	
Sep 27 2009 	Fabulous hotel - highly recommended!	My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for 6 nights at the start of our 3 1/2 week trip to China. The Sofitel is a gorgeous hotel - very modern with all amenities on-site. The hotel is slightly out of the centre of Beijing but is in the CBD/Financial area. This was a little disappointing but everywhere in Beijing is so far away from everything else (the city is HUGE!) that you end up using taxis/metro anyway so it wasn't a problem for us.The rooms were spacious (actually nicer than the Mandarin Oriental hotel we stayed in when we visited Tokyo, we have reviewed that too) with large beds, spacious bathrooms and everything you could need (safe, mini-bar, hair dryer etc). The gym and pool were lovely and rarely busy and the restaurant where we ate breakfast had a great spread with lots of Chinese and Continental breakfasts. There are also a few restaurants on-site as well as lovely bars, a hair dresser etc.The room was a good rate at approx. £ 90 per room including breakfast - for this sort of price, the quality was fantastic.The hotel also helped us with tours that we booked through them to the wall and with taxis as our language skills were limited. The staff were very attentive and helpful.We would certainly stay at the Sofitel again and I would recommend this to travellers as a great hotel to stay in - it's luxury at an affordable price compared to the UK.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good service! Comfortable rooms!	I stayed here for one night on 20 September 2009, room rate CNY585 + CNY 87.75 taxes, total CNY672.75 (about US$98).I reached the Hotel early in the morning at about 6am. The Hotel staff give us a early check-in immediately.After checking-in, I had a great breakfast at VIC restaurant, all-you-can-eat buffet from 6am-10.30am.(Line 1) Dawanglu (???) Station is within walking distance.There is a cinema beside Sofitel Wanda Beijing, and a Wal-Mart one building away.	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent	Stayed here based on a friend's TripAdvisor review and it was perfect for what we needed. We were in town for just one night on our way back home, and wanted a hotel that was uber-comfortable and quiet. While I prefer less expensive local hotels for exploring Beijing itself, the Sofitel served as the oasis I was looking for.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good location good value	Compared to other well-known brands, Sofitel sometimes underperforms but not the Sofitel Beijing. Reserve a junior suite directly via the hotel for the price of a standard room at other major chainsin Beijing. My junior suite in this relatively new hotel was a spacious two room combination with large and well-equipped bathroom area. Both rooms were well-equipped with the exception of no ipod docking station or radio. The air conditioning also ran louder than necessary. No white wine in the mini bar. Small issues, however, relative to the value delivered. The food served in the restaurants (there are five or six options all well-designed and conveniently clustered in an arcade on the sixth floor) is not quite as good as you would expect from a leading Accor hotel. The daily buffet in the cafe is varied but nowhere near the quality of, say, the Shangri La in Shanghai. The seating and overall ambience in thehaute cuisine restaurant is extremely comfortable and the service excellent but the food somewhat disappointing, relative to the prices. Wines are especially expensive in this restaurant.	
Aug 18 2009 	GRAND GRAND GRAND	this is not the grandest hotel in China but they are trying hard. From business center to the KTV. You will get lost meandering around the corridors in the KTV. The breakfast and lunch spreads in the restuarant is good and lots of variety. Of course I have no complaints against the room	
Aug 14 2009 	great service	If you can, try to book hotel transfer from the airport. You will be met by a representative at the gate and will be accompanied til you get to the car.2 setbacks:1. There's no bidet in the toilet2. There are roadworks in on the road fronting the hotel making parking difficult	
Aug 5 2009 	Simply Amazing..	Right...first things first. I had a large group of West Ham United fans staying in Beijing for a couple of games. This means i saw 20 different rooms on all floors and had 40 different feedbacks.Every single one was amazing..That never happens trust me !Arrival was carefree and quick. Our bags were taken off the coach and in rooms within 10 mins. Because i had sent scans of all Visas and Passports there were no annoying hold ups and form filling.The rooms were not huge but big enough...and all the fixtures and fittings were of the highest quality. In twin rooms...space is rather tight but that is because you have two Queen size beds and i'd rather have more bed than room for a sofa. The bathrooms had kingsize baths with a telly, large dressing area and a lovely rainforest shower and WC. No bidet for any Europeans..but not a problem for the English.The room had a large Plasma screen with plenty of viewing options.Facilities ?The Indoor pool was huge and very well maintained, the Spa area had specials on and rthey only thing they were short of was a Jacuzzi. The gym had Bodyfitness equiptment and plenty of free weights and is only available to Hotel Users.Dining...Breakfast was a fantastic affair in VICS. Everything you could want and wish...available from 06.00 to 10.30.We didn't use the hotels other dining facilities but all looked great.Bars...The only shortfall really. Drinks were overpriced compared to the Park Hyatt 5 mins away and as such they lost thousands (yes you read right) of £s. English football fans drink a lot and as long as they don't feel cheated , will drink 23hrs a day.The M Bar is a lovely bar though and we did have a party on the Friday &quot;Freeflow&quot; night.Staff..This is where the Sofitel shows its strength and what to me makes it special. The staff all spoke enough English, were attentive, well presented and extremely accomodating.From Shinobu Seto, the Sales manager to fantastic Harry on concierge...they knew my name and made me feel very special. Every one of my clients went out every morninfg feeling they were Royalty.Location...Locations is great and between 2 large shopping centres. Location is especially important in Beijing and this place was exactly where to be. Sanlitun, the Silk market and Wangfujing are all 10 mins by cab away. Thats 2 pounds in the very cheap transport.Summary..Wouldn't stay anywhere else again...and because the standard rooms are the same as the club rooms, don't bother paying the extra. The Club staff did greatly help me with online check-in but no doubts the staff would have helped me anyway.I wouldn't stay anywhere else !	
Aug 4 2009 	A very good choice in Beijing	We got a great rate at this hotel with easyclicktravel, and I would recommend the hotel to anyone visiting Beijing.The hotel was very luxurious, and the staff we encountered within the hotel were all courteous, and accommodating. The young man at the front door assisted us with taxis throughout out stay, including helping to negotiate a price for a driver for our day trip to The Great Wall.The rooms were very nice. We only had the most standard room booked, but this was large, with free internet included, in the way of free wi-fi, or an internet cable to plug into your laptop.The beds were of an incredibly high standard, extremely comfortable, and although due to the comfort of the pillows in the room, the pillow menu wasn't required, it was a nice touch in case you have any specific requirements.The curtains kept the room totally black, even when daylight broke, and any other request we made was met with a prompt response, like a phone charger being brought to our room, as one of our party had forgotten to pack his.It is in a good location, within the financial district. Plenty of places to eat in the local vicinity. Not really any nightlife, but this is no issue whatsoever, as taxis are very easy to come by, and cost virtually nothing. The underground station is also a short walk away, which is very easy and cheap to use. It is the best way of getting around Beijing, due to the traffic, and the distances involved.	
Jul 28 2009 	It is excellent	The lobby is modern with tall ceiling. The room is very comfortable, although one of the tea cup is a dirty and the corridor had some strange smell. Bed is soft and tall, and there is a pillow menu for you to choose, as I have a neck problem, so this is really nice for me. The breakfast is good, many choices and a lot of juices. Nearby, there are big shopping malls, and not too far from the subway station. I will definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	A good Sofitel	I spent few nights in the Sofitel beijing, nice hotel with modern rooms, electrical curtains, tv in bathroom, check bill on tv.... nice amenities, room clean..Breafkast was nice, as the dinner or bar as well, but sometimes difficult to communicate with staff due to lack of English.a good hotel to stay for holidays	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Service	We stayed in the Club Section of the hotel and found evey thing to be of the highest standard, from the check in by Mrs Anna Gu, who was efficent, friendly and extremely helpful to the general sevice and hospitality provided in the lounge by Anna, Melisa, Jessie, Valentine, Leon and the rest of the team They are a credit to the hotel.The Hotel is conveniently located, being close to two subway stations which is important if you want to get some where cheaply and quickly, eg The Summer Place takes about 1/2 hour on the subway and costs Rmb 2 versus 1 hour plus in a taxi at a cost of over Rmb 100 . It is also within walking distance to the &quot;Silk Centre&quot; and near a number of large department stores.Our room, while not large it was well equiped including a TV in the bathroom.We would stay at the Sofitel Wanda Beijing again.	
Apr 20 2009 	Top notch!	Superb hotel. One of Sofitel's flagship hotels. The entrance/lobby is very spacious and has a certain WOW! factor. Huge pillars and such. The room is spacious and luxurious, beds are comfortable, not too hard, not too soft. Bathroom with shower and spacious bath with LCD TV! Rates were very attractive in combination with a special package from Cathay Pacific Holidays (flight+hotel) The hotel is located near a major road, nothing special to do in the immediate area near the hotel. But there is a huge supermarket one block away to buy some snacks and such. Major sightseeing spots are around 15 - 20 minutes by taxi. Staff is very good, friendly and professional, English is good too. Breakfast buffet was very extensive and tasty. The Chinese Shanghai Style restaurant is very nice too, with friendly service. All in all we had a wonderful stay, highly recommended!	
Apr 15 2009 	Very nice hotel	The hotel was great. Very new and clean. Service was excellent. Only problem our whole stay was the restaurant recommendations given by the Concierge on our last night was a disappointment. The first night, they sent us to the Chinese restaurant across the street which was great. The last night, we were recommended to go to &quot;Lao Beijing&quot; which was awful (dirty, bad taste, etc). Food at the hotel was good. Breakfast buffet had many Western and Asian choices, was fresh and appealing. Dinner in the cafe was overpriced, but tasted good and service was fast. The rooms were large, bed was comfortable, and the service good. The fitness center had modern equipment and good opening hours. Wireless internet throughout hotel and in rooms was complimentary during our stay.	
Apr 6 2009 	Beautiful!	We were completely satisfied with our stay! The decor is extremely beautiful and modern, service impeccable and breakfast buffet scrumptious (though what a sad waste of great food as they probably throw it away afterward). I absolutely recommend staying here to impress any guests who come to Beijing for business or for yourselves if the price does not bother you. (As a tourist to Beiing, you may choose rather to stay in a traditional courtyard hotel.) The only thing that was a bit disappointing was the view from our window of ugly buildings nearby. Overall, a fabulous sanctuary in a city of 20 million!	
Apr 5 2009	Absolute luxury	The rooms at the Sofitel Wanda (I stayed in a luxury room) are just wonderful! I was in a twin room, but the beds were king singles, so plenty of room for one! The bed was super comfortable and their pillow menu is fantastic. The bathroom was perfect and with products from L'Occitane, a lovely touch. The shower was a &quot;rainfall&quot; type shower, with great pressure.The staff at concierge and at the front desk were only too eager to please - nothing was a problem. Buffet breakfast was fantastic, with any type of breakfast you like - ranging from continental, right through to Chinese and Japanese. Shall be recommending this hotel to everyone!	
Mar 5 2009	Amazing hotel	By far one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at. Clean and elegant with modern amenities and a very accommodating staff. Great central location.	
Jan 16 2009 	Awesome Hotel	The hotel is new and the service is wonderful. Compared with China world, this is even better. The room is spacious with free internet (most impt for business travellers). If you are bored, the cinema is just next door. Walmart is also within walking distance. Sanlitun is nearby if you wanna go clubbing. Previously, i have been staying at 2nd ring and I thought it was wonderful until I discovered this place. Many more food places to explore...and shopping too.More over, one of the hotel receptionist, Monique Zhang look stunning.	
Nov 13 2008	Loved the Sofitel Wanda	I recently stayed 3 nights at the Sofitel Wanda. I was on an escorted tour of China The hotel is beautiful. All of our hotels were 5 star. Out of all of them The Sofitel was my favorite. The staff is extremely helpful and went out of their way to accomodate us. They were eager to practice thier English skills and happy to talk to us no matter what we requested. In fact we asked for a different room because our toilet didn't flush on the second day. There was no problem at all changing rooms. The accomodations are beautiful, and modern with comfortable beds. I loved the comforter/quilts....just like home. The bathroom has the largest rainbow shower head I ever saw in my life. There are nice touches all over the room including orchids &amp; fruit baskets. Two bottles of water are supplied daily by the hotel. If you want more all you have to do is ask. Someone will come to your room immediately with more water. The service at this hotel is amazing!!The breakfast buffet is fantastic. It includes everything you could ever want for breakfast...including Chinese food; which I looked forward to every morning. I didn't have a lot of free time to wander around the area. I did visit a very upscale mall which is a few blocks away. I also went to a Walmart which is also very close to the hotel. There are several restaurants and shops located within walking distance. As I said, I didn't have a lot of free time in Beijing to explore the area. I would definitely stay at this hotel again because I really thought it was a beautiful hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Not close to the action	Three nights at the Wanda Sofitel Beijing was long enough. This hotel is in one of the business districts of Beijing, but not close to the central attractions - so visiting anything else requires rather lengthy journeys, given the traffic on Beijing roads.The hotel is modern and spacious with an attentive staff - although some need more training in how to be helpful without being intrusive. The rooms are large and comfortable, and everything works well. The indoor pool is a superb one. The conference areas are pleasant, but the hotel adjoins a cinema and shopping complex - so some conferences seem to involve invasion by thousands. The food is really excellent, with a magnificent choice. The hotel is impressively clean. Check-in and check-out were good. However, I would prefer to stay somewhere closer to the centre - where you don't have to sit in a bus for 30-90 minutes to reach the main attractions.	
Oct 18 2008 	Wow! This is a GREAT hotel!	I've stayed in over a dozen hotels in Beijing for business. The Sofitel is BY FAR THE BEST. New and stylish. Nothing was out of place. Great fitness centre, good food, convenient to the CBD. Near two subway lines and on the east side of the city for convenient access to the airport. The rooms just ooze fabulous. Good bathroom products and most of all, good lighting in the rooms. All of my clients who met me in the lobby were quite impressed with how stylish the hotel looks.I will DEFINITELY stay here again!	
Oct 7 2008 	Perfection at the Sofitel Wanda	Staggeringly good and stylish hotel, whether for biz or leisure. If there are better in Beijing then I sure as hell haven't stayed there (and I have stayed at a pretty decent sprinkling of 5* properties in the capital).Rooms = fantastic. I was in a deluxe room (ie. standard) and found no fault at all. Big enough. Bathroom wonderful. Bed comfy. Tastefully decorated. Flat screen TV. View wasn't up to much, but they have FREE WI-FI. I have stayed in plenty of top-end hotels which insist you pay extra for internet access - and it really pisses me off. But this comes complimentary at the Sofitel, which makes me a very happy boy.Location is ok. 35 mins from airport. Close to the weirdly-shaped CCTV building, and within easy reach of Sanlitun. Not far from the subway, but I'm a taxi man (unless really pressed), so no complaints.Breakfast was included in my rate - and was decent. Didn't try the other restaurants - but then again my expense account wasn't vast this time around (sadly). The Japanese restaurant is supposed to be excellent.Pool, although indoor, is sublime. Massive. Very friendly staff. Lovely girls on reception. English speaking.Will certainly stay here again and will recommend everyone else to do so as well.	
Apr 19 2008 	very flash	Great new hotel, standard rooms very large nicely decorated , great features like rain shower and tv in bathroom . Lobby is very grand Restaurants way too expensive service only just above average I would expect better from 5 star.Location not that great but you need a taxi to most locations anyway.	
Apr 2 2008 	New and stylish	New and stylish.Location wise, not too bad, within walking distance to the subway station. Walmart and departmental store nearby. Cinema next door.Food at the restaurants were mediocre though.Staff were still new. inexperienced but eager to help.Rooms were extremely stylish and comfortable.Nice toileteries and good quality in-room slippers.FREE INTERNET!!!!!!!!two thumbs up...	
Mar 13 2008 	Very stylish	We stayed here for 2 nights - beautiful property - only opened approximaly 6 months ago. Lots of staff who are happy to help. Booked their car transfer from the airport - staff meet you directly off the plane - take you to immigration, baggage claim and out to car. It was quite expensive when a taxi is about a fifth of the price - however we had a late arrival. Hotel room was everything you needed - very modern - great bathroom - once again - sofitel have the most comfortable beds. Great location. Concierge booked us a private tour at 10.30pm at night - tour guide picked us up at 8am next morning - very efficient. Going to Beijing - give this hotel a try!	
Jan 29 2008	Lovely hotel	Had a too fast one night stay at this hotel - I found it excellent. The hotel is brand spanking new and is one of the flagships of the Sofitel brand which is now being postioned by their owners as their global luxury brand. Service was impeccable (although I wasnt particularly demanding), rooms were clean, comfortable and luxurious, and breakfast was good. Highly recommended.	
Jan 20 2008 	Beautiful Hotel with some electrical problems	This hotel is pretty new (opened Aug 08), so were expecting to experience some problems. Check-in was easy and got a beautiful room which looked just like the pictures on the website. Bedroom has nice furnishings with electronic blinds and day bed, the hotel also offers unlimited complimentary bottled water. Bathroom was very elegant and they provide complimentary l'occitane products, and the shower has the biggest shower head i have ever seen (as attached). Location of the hotel was pretty good. Your not in the middle of the action, but you are on the main road which seems to always have traffic. On our 3rd night the electronic blinds malfunctioned and after about 30 mins on the phone to reception we were moved to another room which ended up being an upgrade to the club floor. This room was the same as we were in, exempt a little nicer furnishings (crystal chandeller, complimentary evian water, nice bed head, etc). But it was not worth double the price we were paying.The hotels indoor pool was the biggest I have ever seen in a hotel. Must of been atleast 30m, and the staff were very helpful and attentive. The foyer of the hotel is grand and dramatic. It must be atleast 20m high with massive lighting and designs everywhere. Very impressive.Overall, a very pleasant stay and I would come back again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 20 2008 	Very nice hotel with good links to the centre	This is a new Sofitel as part of the Wanda Centre, on the airport side of Beijing by the Third Ring Road. It cost about 70 RMB by taxi from the airport. We booked Deluxe rooms (as always in Asia, 'deluxe' means the smallest room in the hotel) but the room was large and the bed huge. Two TVs in the room, one by the bed and one by the bath. Interactive service sporadic, but TV signal fine with CNN, BBC and TV5. Kettle in room which was good, given that breakfast was 200 RMB.Free broadband, both cabled and WiFi was also appreciated.Bathroom huge with rain shower, big bath etc. Huge safe in the room which fitted a laptop and more.Only sorry that I had one day here so didn't have time to use the other facilities.Hotel is 5 mins walk from a metro stop (Dawangli on Line 1) and you can be at Tiananmen Square in 10 mins for 2RMB ticket.Behind the hotel is a WalMart supermarket, a Starbucks and a New World Department Store. All in all, very impressed indeed. Oh, and the room was only 1240 RMB a night (from the website of the hotel).	
Nov 10 2007 	Room for improvement	I stayed at the Sofitel Wanda Beijing for three night in late September. I would rate this hotel as 4 1/2 stars by my standards. It was a very nice hotel but their were a few things that I did not like about the hotel that would prevent me from staying their again. After a 14 hour flight from New York I attempted to check into my room at 6pm on a Sunday. The front desk told me that the hotel was very full and that my room was not ready. I then had to wait for 2 hours for a room to become available. While waiting in the lobby I noticed that this hotel had at least three or four wedding receptions going on at the same time. Do not stay here if you are looking for a nice quite and relaxing hotel. I felt like I was in the lobby of a casino. The room itself was very nice. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was quite luxurious. The fancy LCD tv on the wall would only work half the time. The hotel claims to have a &quot;fabulous location&quot; on its website but I found that statement not to be true. Their is not much close to the hotel and if you want to go anywhere you need to hire a car or get a taxi. Overall, this hotel is almost 5 stars. With a little work it might even get there. In the meantime if you are looking for a true 5 star hotel I would stay elsewhere until they get their act together.	
Nov 7 2007 	Nice hotel in Beijing. Great Japanese restaurant.	Nice hotel with great service in Chinese, English or French. Really helpful concierge, that always point us to the right place. Nice room with wifi access. Fantastic Japanese restaurant with sushi but especially yakiniku (Japanese barbecue) with Kobe beef....	
Oct 26 2007 	Great but by no means perfect.	The hotel at first glance is pure luxury and glamour. The lobby area is impressive and well designed with crystals, lush draperies, chandeliers and clever lighting. However, one night's stay will reveal all it's flaws and much needed attention to details. Problem areas:1) the TV did not work because of a faulty connection behind the flatscreen TV. I'm obviously the first resident of this new room.2) they must have been fixing a light bulb in the bathroom before I checked in - they left a ladder in the bathroom and left a lot of dirt in the bathtub3) again, I must have been a ginna pig - when I first turned on the shower hose, mud water came out. Watch out folks!4) the water kettle stored in a cabinet near the front door - no where near the mini-bar - who would have thought?Overall, the decor is impressive, the staff friendly (English not superb though), and situated in a good location in Chaoyang. However,the hotel is not value for money until they pay attention to the details that make or break a five star luxury hotel.	
Oct 23 2007	Not Luxury	Hotel is elegant but rooms are poorly designed and less obvious room areas are dusty. Pool is not operating, and no place to buy sundries. Spa can't even provide manicures. Lobby staff are alert but not all well informed. In (long) walking distance to Silk Market but otherwise long walk to casual dining. Hotel dining is predictably expensive. $30 US for breakfast and $100 US for dinner buffet. Some mechanical issues reported from other room guests. Nice club level. Adjacent to large Walmart, which is a good thing.	
Oct 21 2007 	A Real Gem in Beijing	This is a fantastic, brand new hotel in Beijing. The Wanda building complex itself is rather non-descript from the outside, blending in with the other large grey building's in classic Russian-communist styled Beijing. The lobby is very stylishly decorated with ultra-high ceilings, and the hotel staff were courteous if not perhaps a little inexperienced. The rooms themselves were very spacious and modern, with free wifi, cable TV for the bath tub, as well as a plasma screen for the bedroom. The shower area was nice with an extra large shower head, with motorised window furnishings separating the bathroom from the main room, as well as the windows. Very comfortable and luxurious experience all up. Highly recommended.	
Oct 3 2007 	Magnificent hotel!	This hotel is pure luxury in an otherwise dull and grey city. The hotel has everything, several restaurants (chinese, french, casual, night club/bar), gym, swimmingpool, beauty salon and more. The hotel is brand new, and it really shows. It looks like a palace, and I've stayed in several hotels worldwide (also in other places in Asia, so Asian hospitality is familiar to me), and used to work in a five stars hotel a few years back. Oh yeah, did I mention that the rooms are huge! They had very friendly staff who were always very eager to help. They really proved themselves when I left my brand new, top of the line, Nokia mobile phone in the hotel room as I left for Shanghai. They sent it with DHL to Shanghai and I got it the following day! This is why I don't mind paying extra, a hotel that lives up to their service promises. I write this review even with the risk of them becoming more popular as I might not get a room next time, but they deserve it. Definitely a world class hotel with beautiful rooms and service, with eye even on the slightest detail! You would be out of your mind not to stay there.	
Nov 19 2009 	??????????		
Oct 19 2009 	????????		
Sep 17 2009 	???????????????		
Aug 25 2009 	??????????????		
Aug 5 2009 	Una sola parola:Favola		
May 26 2009 	????		
Feb 2 2009 	????????????		
Aug 18 2008 	Du très grand Sofitel à Pékin		
Jan 13 2008 	Très bel hôtel		
