	Fabulous this hotel was wonderful and I can't wait to stay there again.	It was chic, everyone was friendly, service was amazing and the rooms were large and comfortable. The restaurant had a great bar, good meals, and the breakfast was excellent. At night it was fun to select the window color for illumination. The business center was well appointed as well as the fitness room. I wholeheartedly recommend Hotel G to anyone who stays in Beijing. Enjoy your time there, I sure did.	
Nov 18 2009 	great boutique hotel in central beijing	This is a new hotel in a great central location in beijing. It is small-ish but with some of the largest rooms I have stayed in. I think we stayed in the room 1 above standard and it was fantastic, very luxurious and very trendy, with a huge bed and decadent bathroom. The bar has a cool feel to it and the food is very good, although there are plenty of nearby restaurants nearby. The manager was very friendly and accomodating and really made us feel welcome without being a pain. There is a small business centre and the 2 girls in there helped us tremendously with some flight problems we had, by phoning the airlines on our behalf. It was also excellent value for money, compared to the Westin in Shanghai and oour hong kong hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	in from the cold	We went to Beijing when it had just snowed the night before, heavily. As soon as we walked in with our frozen hands and toes the receptionist welcomed us with a warm cup of tea. We sat their slowly de-frosting and it was then we looked around and saw just how cool Hotel G is. The interior design has really been thought out, its cool, trendy and inviting. We stupidly took a few photos posing in the various chairs.When we entered our room the first words were WOW! again the interior is amazing, but soft and welcoming in. You don't feel like you're in modern art museum, even though it looks like one.LAter on we ventured outside and saw just how cool this place really is. Every window is lit up in a different colour. (we later found out that you can change the colours by a flick of a switch in your room)All in all we had a great time, the service was helpful, quick and to the point.We even got to meet the manger who was the nicest person i met in beijing.The only down side was the 5 minute walk to the tube station in the snow.	
Nov 16 2009 	An Oasis in Beijing	This is the perfect place to stay in Beijing. As soon as you enter the Hotel G, you will forget about the poluted city and you will enjoy the bohemian european chic style this hotel brings. Perfect personel, great management and great rooms, facilities, restaurant, chefs and business center.FLAWLESS!Don't search anymore, just stay at the G!	
Nov 16 2009	My new favourite place...	I spent a week at this hotel recently and absolutely loved every second! Elegant and chic, without being cold - everything was perfect, from the delicious, French-inspired food, to the plush rooms and the fabulous staff . The location is also ideal - close enough to all the nicest things, but just off a main road so it's quiet and authentic - the opposite of those awful, bland, corporate places where you feel like you're still in the airport. In contrast, Hotel G truly felt like a home from home - the General Manager and his team were wonderful and make everyone feel incredibly welcome. I would recommend Hotel G to anyone and hope to return very soon.	
Nov 15 2009 	Book it	I often use Trip Advisor to help me make hotel decisions, but have never been motivated to write a recommendation until now. Hotel G isn't for everyone - it's hip and it knows it - but the level of service and attention to design detail are just what one should expect of any excellent hotel, regardless of its target market. Its location is somewhat outside the centre, but I was happy to mooch around the North Chaoyang district for a few days, and there's some great restaurants very nearby. So go - it's that rare type where the website images really don't do the rooms justice. I used the 'G Spot' offer on the website to book a 'Great' Room: it was.The only let-down was slightly slack service in the bar at night.	
Nov 14 2009 	Ideal for a short business or leisure trip	G stands for gorgeous because the rooms were lovely. G stands for great staff because they were incredibly helpful in organising excursions and giving useful advice. The hotel is in a good location too - Beijing is incredibly sprawling but the north-east corner is ideal because it is close to restaurants and nightlife (including Beijing's local gay club) and easy enough to get around by metro and taxi too.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great boutique hotel - great non-tourist location	Stayed there 3 times already. Great hotel with welcoming staff, personalized service (far away from that impersonal service you get everywhere else in Asia). Great food with restaurant in hotel proposing tapas, wines, cheeses and cold cuts platters. After 2 weeks of Chinese food this seems like heaven ! Rooms are big, comfortable (you even have a pillow menu!) with plenty of goodies (ipod dock, little sweet before nigth, etc.). Definitely my place when I'm in Beijing.	
Nov 11 2009 	You can't go wrong!	Wether you are a newcomer to beijing or someone who has lived there (like me) Hotel G is definitely the best quality-value hotel in Beijing and probably Asia. You can expect to find friendly staff, beautiful lobby lounge, great atmosphere at the bar, amazing location comfortable bed and stylish rooms. All that for half the price of the other similar hotels in town.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Service and comfortable bed	The young staff was very helpful with tour guide questions making reservations for private cars, directions for taxi's and making reservations through out our stay at various locations. The sushi restaurant attached to the hotel was excellent, pizza parlor next door was perfect for delivery after a long day of touring the city. Alex the general manager and the restaurant manager were on the premise daily greeting and making sure their guests were being taken care of. The rooms had a cool vibe with one of the most comfortable beds for a hotel. For the service, location, comfort and price you can't go wrong.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent Experience	I was greeted and welcome upon check in by the General Manager and all the hotel staffs are well-groomed with style. I really enjoyed my stay at G. The room has a very nice layout that feels very comfortable. Nice and cozy. L'Occitane toileteries is a big plus! One thing I found it very entertaining was that you could choose ur favorite windows lighting (giving the colorful lightings of the building). The lift is a bit dark, but once you enter the room you will forget about it. There was a confusing signage where it says a different name of the restaurant. Great burgers &amp; breakfast selection (which you also get to choose a main course in addition to the continental b'fast buffet) at their Scarlett Restaurant. Free internet and all the goodies, they will even setup Wii in your room if you need to exercise a bit in your room. Stay at G and you will be glad you did. It is one of my favorite hotels in Beijing. Easy access to all the night life &amp; places-to-be in town.The PR Manager Jessica was exceptionally attentive in which she could pamper &amp; accommodate any of your needs. Two thumbs up!!	
Nov 9 2009 	Hotel G A home away from home	For me and later my wife, China had many things which took some getting used to....the traffic is on the opposite side of the road...the language and currency and all manner of things there ment a rather big change for us when going about our daily business. However....for us....returning to the Hotel-G was like coming home after a crazy and often chaotic day out. We were always made welcome there by the excellant staff and nothing was too much trouble wheather we needed a taxi cab or the use of a MAC in the business centre so we could communicate with our office here in Sydney. I shall always speak highly of the Hotel-G and recommed a stay for anyone who intends to visit Beijing. The General Manager Alex made a point of greeting us personally during one of our delicious breakfasts. His local knowledge and subsequent recomendations made the sightseeing tour of the Great Wall very enjoyable...the driver was good and having a private car with the sole purpose of maximising our time at that spectacular site proved a most worthy way to enjoy the experience.All in all both my wife and I throughly enjoyed the stay we had at the Hotel G. Not only would I recommend Hotel-G to my friends or work collegues but I will definatly stay there again next time I visit Beijing.	
Nov 8 2009 	I recommend for repeaters	As I mentioned in the title, I recommend Hotel G for BJ repeaters.Staffs are good in English. I felt lilke I was in BKK not BJ. Room is quite large with a king size bed. The wine restaurant on the 1st floor is fine. Ntg to complain.I used it several times before I went to bed before midnight.Wud hv been better if they had sofa.The weak point on this hotel is the location.It happened several times that taxi driver made a call to the hotel to ask the location.Since the hotel is on the back road, you have to walk to the main street to catch a taxi. (No taxi ever await in front of the hotel. No bell boy)You dont mind it as long as the weather is fine during off rush hours,(while I was staying at the hotel, it was snowing very heavily)No bell boy, No taxi in front of the hotel means YOU have to tell BJ taxi driver to explain where you wud like to go. This is the reason why I said &quot; Recommend to repeaters&quot;The hotel is located away from everything, you can not live without taxi. Sml gym. No pool. No spa.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic: location and kindness!	No doubt I will choose your hotel again in my next trip to Beijing. Not only you have been a great host but your staff, like I told you personally, is much above the average in Chinese hotels (which I know very well). So congratulations for that!	
Nov 2 2009 	Value location and style	This is my new favourite hotel in Beijing. Super-friendly staff, great value for money stylish, comfortable rooms and a nice bar/restaurant at the end of the day. Have been to Beijing many times and have been trying to find a hotel that ticked all of the boxes. This is the best I have found and very reasonable. Also, really conveniently located for the business or holiday traveller.	
Oct 28 2009 	Excellent Value Very Comfortable	I'm not sure this hotel deserves quite all the hype and excessive praise it seems to be getting around here (it's not the Ritz, folks) but it's definitely a great value for the money and a very comfortable place to stay. As others have pointed out, it's chic and laid back both in design and personnel - the staff are warm and accommodating without being intrusive, the spaces invite you to relax. Who cares if it's a couple of miles from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square? You really want to stay in the vicinity of that madness? Beijing has so much more to offer, and the neighborhood around the hotel is very diverse and well worth exploring. Besides, cabs ARE cheap and plentiful, and unlike another reviewer's experience, we never had trouble getting one within moments of leaving the hotel - usually one was waiting at the front door, but if not, you walk 30 seconds to the main street and hail one. My only complaint about the location is that I wish it was a little closer to a metro stop (it's a brisk 20-25 minute walk). The included breakfast is perfect in size, style and choices. Housekeeping did just fine by us and the complimentary toiletries were yummy. I'm sure there are more luxurious hotels in Beijing, but not likely for this kind of dough.	
Oct 26 2009 	Hotel everything i anticipated	I stayed in Beijing for two weeks at the end of September and chose Hotel G mainly for its location, which did not disappoint. I could travel to shopping centres either by foot or by taxi as well as being central for nightlife supplied by near by night clubs. The hotel itself was fantastic, the staff were very helpful and were able to assist with the trips i was taking to local sights. The girls on the front desk even supplied me with a useful map for each of the places i wished to visit and on here it had the address in both English and Chinese which proved to be extremely helpful when traveling from one place to another. I booked a greater room and was highly impressed with the result. It was spacious and had everything from wi-fi to an i-pod dock. Fantastic for when i wanted to check up on work or just to wind down. The business centre was also available and allowed me to access the internet as well as sending faxes and the staff working there were on hand to help with any queries. I found the gym along from the business centre and found it filled with top of the range equipment which i used on numerous occassions. The equipment provided meant that i was able to have a full body workout as there were different machines available for me to use not just the run of the mill basic tools. I visited the Scarlet bar every morning for breakfast and was impressed with the selection of both hot and cold meals. I often had evening meals here too and took adantage of the many specials nights they had to offer including the tapas night and the pasta and wine night. It was the perfect start to the evening. Due to the length of my stay i was treated to dinner by not just the Scarlet bar manager but also by the general manager to thank me for my custom. This i thought was most impressive as i have never experienced this before with other hotel chains, even though i have had longer stays with them.Overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit Beijing. The location combined with the hotel itself provides everything you would possibly need to have an enjoyable stay.	
Oct 20 2009 	Overhyped 	Had I seen all the blatantly fake reviews of Hotel G here on Trip Advisor, I would not have booked this hotel in the first place. However, as it was my husband’s “turn” to plan our trip, I let him do the legwork, and we wound up at Hotel G. I think it is overhyped (and falsely so) and we were disappointed with our stay. The room décor is very trendy/baroque/loud. I do like a bit of fun in my hotel rooms, but at Hotel G it felt contrived and a bit dated – the late 90’s comes to mind. The rooms are nicely appointed however with king size bed, large TV, chairs, mini fridge, reading lamps, and a spacious bathroom with nice toiletries. Several other small annoyances in the room added up to a not-so-great stay. We found the room to be VERY dark and a bit hard to see in, with dark purple walls, a dark floor, and dark wood furniture. It felt like a purple cave in there! Instant coffee is provided in the rooms, but we found using the kettle a big pain as there was nowhere to plug it in unless you set it on the ground. We wound up unplugging the phone instead so that we could use the kettle on the desktop. There was no ledge or soapdish in the shower, which meant you had to always bend over in the shower to reach the soap and shampoo sitting on the shower floor. Water temperature in the shower seemed to fluctuate often from hot to cold and back again. Shower gel and shampoo were not replenished on a daily basis and we found ourselves ringing housekeeping more than once to ask for additional toiletries. The room itself had shoddy workmanship – poor grout and paint work, plus there seemed to be a lot of residual chemical odor from work in the room (like varnish, turpentine and caulking).It seemed like housekeeping was knocking on our door at all hours of the day, ringing the doorbell incessantly until you answered, even if you were in the shower or called out that you were busy. We took to putting the ‘do not disturb’ sign on our door during all hours of the day for some peace and quiet. Dirty used coffee cups were left in our room and not replaced by the cleaner. When I rang downstairs to request new cups, the staff member who delivered them to our room barged straight past me into the room without even asking if she could come in (it turned out she did not speak any English in any case). Our room was not well sound-proofed and we could hear voices, TV and footsteps from the room above us. Meanwhile, loud music was coming up through the floor from the bar and restaurant below us. The Hotel G website and room brochure describe their workout room as a ‘state of the art gym’, which in this case translates as half the machines being out of order and weights that you have to assemble yourself before you can use. I found the staff overseeing the gym to be overbearing, as they would not even let me get my own cup of water or pick up a towel by myself. Some may like this sort of fawning, but I found it to be out of place at the tiny gym. We found the service in the restaurant to be a bit surly, with our waiter commanding us to “choose wine now!” and “you sit here!”. I appreciate that not everyone’s English may be perfect, but it was the way in which we were ordered around that made us feel uncomfortable. Hotel G does get top marks however for having a superb breakfast, with great selections and wonderful coffee. Most of the staff look and dress like university students. I suppose this is meant to contribute to the ‘hip’ feel of the place, but it felt somewhat amateurish. The girls at the front desk staff were friendly and eager to help, although our requests and questions were dealt with in a somewhat haphazard way. As others have mentioned, you will need a taxi to see the main sights of Beijing. Taxis are cheap and plentiful, but we would have preferred to stay in a more interesting area of the city. This hotel has a long way to go before I would recommend it, but what I consider to be self-promoting fake reviews on Trip Advisor means that I never will	
Oct 19 2009 	It's nice but overrated	I just have stayed after Shanghai and Xiang at the G hotel in Beijing, It is a nice hotel with nice and spacious rooms. The service is for me, as I am used to 5 star chain hotels, not good at all, staff eating behind the bar, not attentive at all, reception staff do not know the city and is hard to get information out of them, but everyone is so cool, a bit to lied back for my taste. Taxis very very hard to get, as the hotel is located in a small side street. I would not recommend this hotel to business travelers.	
Oct 17 2009 	Huge rooms good location trendy but not contrived. Great hotel.	We arrived at the Hotel G last weekend after a long flight from London. We'd booked a &quot;Great&quot; room on a special offer rate and it was just the thing to sort out our jet lag.The &quot;Great&quot; room was enormous - much bigger than we'd expected, With a kingsize bed, large flatscreen TV, sofa, armchair, table and more. The bathroom had a monsoon shower and separate bath, and the room also included complementary soft drinks (plus bottled water - very convenient as Beijing tap water isn't suitable for drinking) and reliable wireless broadband.The whole hotel is very new and trendy without being too contrived. The location might not look ideal on the map but actually Beijing is huge, so wherever you end up is going to be a good way from something. Definitely don't be put off because this hotel isn't so close to the Forbidden City - in fact, we felt this was a plus!There's lots of stuff in the immediate area and plenty of restaurants around. We liked Bellagio on the Workers' Stadium West Road and also tried the Mountain Breeze restaurant next door to the hotel (not so good).It's a 15 minute walk to the tube stop which can be a pain, but taxis are plentiful and very cheap. If you can, get a map of the area before you go, as the roads can be confusing and distances are large. Taxi drivers will also have no idea where the Hotel G is, so try and get the hotel's address in Chinese so you can show them.The breakfast at the hotel is good, with Western and Asian cooked options. Service can be variable though - it seemed to depend on whether the restaurant manager was there or not.In all, this is a really, really good hotel. It's one of the best we've ever stayed in and we'd absolutely recommend choosing it over any of the big chains in Beijing.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Facilities + Great Staff = Perfect Holiday	We stayed there on our honeymoon, and we had a wonderful stay. They even specially decorated the room since it was our honeymoon and sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne (not sparkling wine). The General Manager &amp; Operations Manager took personal care of us and made sure that all our needs were taken care off.Good Size rooms, with free wireless internet and well stocked mini bar. Hotel is located right off the main street, so very easy access to cabs and a few hotels around. Very popular with both business and leisure travelers. Best part is how friendly everyone is.We look forward to going back to Beijing and staying at Hotel G.	
Oct 15 2009 	If you want to feel like a rockstar but your last 4 albums tanked.	If you're into the nightlife (one word: Latte), this hotel could not be better situated. It's close to all the big clubs and many wonderful bars and restaurants. Yes, it's a ways from the daytime tourist spots, but cabs are cheap, and Beijing is so big that you can't really walk anywhere anyhow.And it really is a nice place. The staff are fantastic, and when I requested a room with a view, they upgraded us to their &quot;greatest&quot; room on the top floor. It was fantastic. Super hip, with ridiculous bathrooms, bedding, and lights. Also a great mini bar (with free sodas!)For the price I thought I was paying (about $75 USD a night), I would have to say it's the best value place I've ever stayed in. When the actual bill came (I apparently misunderstood the details of the web deal), it seemed a bit more like what one might expect. Still, it's hard to hold it against them. They really do go out of their way to accommodate. Book one of their weekend deals, and eat at Scarlett on Sunday night, when all the food is half off (oh, and it's REALLY good).Also, we were there in August, when most of China feels empty (ironic!), but Hotel G stays fuller, due to their prices, and it was a welcome vibe to be in a place that felt alive (as opposed to the awesome -- and awesomely empty -- Opposite House).	
Oct 11 2009 	T he G stands for GREAT!!	Have stayed in many great hotels throught the world and the G is right up their with them at less than half the price! great staff great rooms good location, one of the best beds we have ever slept in, nice free breakfast great manager named Alex who aims to please I don't no what more you could ask for you will be very pleased.	
Oct 10 2009 	Very comfortable	I loved the lobby. Could do with better customer service maybe, but nothing really bad happened.No one bothered to take our luggage at check in that is true. Check out was a bit messy. Had to ask for credit card receipt and deposit refund. They forgot to refund it. But no trouble getting things corrected.Just wish they were more confident and warm.Rooms are comfortable, warm and welcoming, slightly garish, but fine.L'Occitane products, wonderful towels, fruit in the room.Comfortable bad. The cleanest room I have ever seen. Totally quite.Every day they delivered a treat to our room. So nice.They even remembered it was my birthday and sent a chocolate cake. That was a very nice touch.Breakfast was wonderful. Simple and compact buffet, but just the perfect selection of things. From the kitchen, french toast with apple compote and maple syrup was amazing.Didn't have dinner at the hotel as menus didn't work for me.Just went to a lovely and charming italian fusion restaurant called Metro all the time, round the corner. Very interesting take on italian cuisine (I'm italian). The area is kind of strange, safe, but very rough looking still. Room overlooked a semi-derelict block of flats.Front of hotel was facing washing lines on wires pulled between lamp posts, right on the pavement. Kind of common in China, but not in front of a boutique hotel in a very pretentious area.Overall it's a very good hotel, most of all for Beijing, very reasonable rates for the quality you get.Highly recommended.	
Oct 9 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	I came to Beijing alone - my husband was in Shanghai for a week's business trip - and the G was the perfect place to stay. The staff were sweet and helpful, the room service lightning fast. They brought me the wrong salad and brought the right one five minutes later. It sells itself as uber-cool, and, bless 'em, it's not achingingly trendy, but it is a gorgeous, well run hotel where I felt extremely well taken care of as a single mrs in Beijing. They sorted out my trip to the Wall and the summer palace for about 70 euros, it was a day trip.Hard to define...I just really felt at home at the G. Go there if you are an easygoing couple who like cool looking rooms and appreciate good, funky design and cheerful but not obeisant service. Or as a single. you won't feel out of place here. Enjoy !	
Oct 9 2009 	fantastic hotel made the perfect holiday!	The first thing i noticed when i walked through the door was the friendliness of the staff particularly Janette on the front desk who went out of her way to make us feel welcome and continued to help us throughout the stay. We were then taken to our room which was a fantastic size and offered every home comfort you could possibly wish for.  The Scarlett bar doubled up as the perfect place to start your day offering a wide selection of breakfast choices aswell as being a great place to spend the evening whether for an evening meal or a place to start your night in. This was only topped by the service provided whilst inside in particular Alex who immediately made us feel at home and went out of his way to make sure we were in comfort and Jessica who introduced herself on one of our many visits to the Scarlett bar and always made sure that our stay was enjoyable and had great knowledge of the surrounding area and knew all the best places to go and things to see. The GM Alex took a personal interest in all of the guests not only ourselves which was a refreshing change. He spoke to us on a regular basis and made sure that our stay was enjoyabe and made us feel like a member of the family.Overall the experience here was fantastic and it really did feel like a home away from home. I would suggest this hotel to anyone visiting Beijing as the hotel itself and the staff inside were the best bar none.	
Oct 9 2009 	Superbly looked after at Hotel G	I stayed at Hotel G for 8 days on a business trip which also included a couple of leisure days. It is ideally located for both inner city as well as the markets. The hotel is about 9 months old and the room size and decor are superb. It was really the most relaxing, affable and comfortable place.The breakfast was included in the price and was of a variety so that both Western, Asian and vegetarian choices were accommodated. Ideally set up for the day ahead.The team at Hotel G were welcoming and friendly as well as knowledgable and helpful.I was fortunate to experience the 3 room types (Good Great Greater) during the stay, with my personal favourite being the Great Room.Everything was clean, new and the events in the downstairs bar were great to have in the evening.The street in which the Hotel is located is small and can present the occasional difficulty for taxi drivers to find, but this was never a major problem.On the whole it was a terrific experience and I cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Oct 8 2009 	Grumpy Old Lady left Happy	Being disabled has its drawbacks at times. and causes undue grumpiness but I must say Hoel G coped with me marvelously well. Janette at the front rushed to help me whenever she saw me, Alex, in the Scarlett Room provided me with optical recreation but I must say he runs the Room with utmost proficiency and friendliness. Very unusual combination but I must say this works in the Scarlet Room very well. While sitting enjoying a delicious latte Jesse a lovely girl popped over to see if I was enjoying my stay. Thierry the Chef even came out to check how I wanted my steak done and if I needed anything other than the menu contents a very nice gesture. To crown it all the GM took the time and trouble to come and chat to me. Thank you GM Alex, Scarlet Alex, Thierry, Jannette and Jesse for making a very grumpy old traveller feel importand. ONLY DOWNSIDE IS THEY TREAT EVERY GUEST IN THIS MANNER. nO MATTER THEY TOOK AWAY MY GRUMPINESS. hIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ALL MISERABLE PEOPLE LIKE MYSELF.	
Oct 7 2009 	hotel to color your stay	My first impression of Hotel G is the brillant design of the neon light box on all the windows and later I found out you can actually change the color to your own choice. My friend and I made all our windows red and that was my Chinese moment on the trip.Excellent service from this brand new hotel, I must say. Everyone speaks good English, internet is steady and fast, beds and pillows are very comfortable, and the spacious bathroom is definitely a plus for those who enjoy both cold shower and hot ofuro bath. Don't miss out the clean gym as well. There are two stretch machines that I personally like very much.Still rooms for improvement to the breakfast area. Food is up-to-standard quality but the service is a little poor. Sometimes have to wait for a while before I get my drinks and utensils.All in all, I strongly recommend this hotel and its pretty easy to find too. Even though the cab driver may not know this new hotel, just say &quot;gongtixilu&quot;, which is a big road next to the Olympiad game venue worker stadium, and you will find this colorful looking hotel a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic hotel with excellent staff. A must for any trip to Beijing!	We had never been to Beijing before and checked out all the reviews on trip advisor before we chose Hotel G, and this hotel fully justifies its ranking as one of the most popular in the city. The rooms were a very modern with designer furniture and all mod cons including large screen tv and free wifi. When we arrived we met the manager in the bar and he offered us a free upgrade - we ended up not taking it as our original room was so nice! The staff were excellent - they all spoke perfect english and went out to the main street to get taxis for us. Although not the most expensive or the highest star rating, Hotel G is one of the best hotels we have stayed in and have recommended it to our friends and family. The only downside is being so new many taxi drivers dont know the location so we were glad we used the hotel car to pick us up from the airport. We would travel to Beijing again and will definately be staying at Hotel G.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wanna stay in the hippest place in Beijing?	Great design hotel,cool, distinct and dynamic! Rooms are spacious and really 5 star, with wonderful staff, great food (Japanese and European) in quiet area but close to all the mayor attractions. We loved the superb beds to rest after a busy day and the extensive complimentary breakfast to get you going again. Wonderful Chinese restaurant almost next door, the Mountain breeze? Definitely the hippest hotel I saw in Beijing at the moment! Peter from Holland	
Oct 4 2009 	Good but hardly the best	Hotel G is a nice boutique hotel. Room was very large by any standard, with nice fixtures and bathroom amenities. Location is fine. But with many boutique hotels the problem is always service and in this particular case, breakfast. I know it is not easy to find really well informed and English fluent concierge staff in Beijing but that doesn't mean that you have to go to the other extreme. Also breakfast buffet is reasonable but could be much better. service is chaotic and indifferent. In all fairness there are employees that go the extra mile but in general training is obviously lacking. Also the oft mentioned presence of managers in the common areas seems more like a need than a real plus.	
Oct 1 2009 	Awesome - can't wait to come back!	Hotel G is awesome! I was so impressed with this hotel, and I have stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world. The decor and the service was exceptional - and particularly nice is the special attention given to each and every guest by Alex, the General Manager. Our room was enormous and beautifuly decorated, with a massive bath in the gorgeous bathroom. I think the most impressive thing about the &quot;G&quot; is the attention to detail. The amenities in the bathroom are quality (L'Occitane), furnishings are sumptuous, and every night a special dessert was delivered to the room! It was easy to get around the city, although mostly by cab, but as taxi's are not expensive it wasn't a problem.Thank you for such a wonderful stay - can't wait to come back!	
Sep 30 2009 	Hotel G simply the best!	Well upon arriving to Beijing we were met at the Airport by the driver who quickly whisked us to the Hotel. When we walked into the lobby i knew right there that we would enjoy our stay. And enjoy we did with its great location and friendly staff what more can i say. Simply the best hotel i have stayed in the world. Best value for your dollar. I would also have to say the service provide here by Alex ( Hotel Manager) was exceptional he made us feel very welcomed and part of the family. Alex ( Bar Manager) was simply like a good friend and always went out of his way to make us feel welcomed every night we went to Scarlett be it for food or drinks he and his staff just made us feel like part of the family. And thank you to Tony for everything as well. And lastly the Chef Mr. Loncle, he made the trip enjoyable and fun for us. If not busy in the kitchen he would join us in the bar and chat with us and just made the experience all that more enjoyable. Made amazing food and deserts and went out of his way to make vegeterian dishes for my girlfriend. Thank You to everyone for the enjoyable trip of a lifetime. I have and will continue to recommend this Hotel.The rooms were amazing simple and pleasing. Beds were super comfortable and pillows made you fall into deep sleep right away. Free soda in the mini bar was pleasant and the room was fantastic, we stayed in a great room and is recommended.Thank You to all.	
Sep 29 2009 	Gorgeous hotel and fantastic value	We loved Hotel G. Had a 'Great' room which was a corner room and enormous. Very trendy decor, great bathroom with L'Occitance products. Gym small and very well equipped with new, high end equipment. The manager was very friendly and welcoming. Free internet and we used their Wii which was fun. The only slight let down was the hot breakfast. It was OK but not good enough. The chef really needs to lift his game. And considering the good deals available online, this hotel is wonderful value.One suggestion would be to have a washing machine and dryer in the gym for guests to use. The Jia hotel in Shanghai has this and it is a real plus.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location Spacious Friendly 	Was here for 8 night stay in Sept 2009 visiting Beijing's famous sites after being recommended by friends who stayed there recently.Very impressed by size and style of Greater Room at a very affordable rate for 5 star service from Alex and his very friendly and personable staff, who seemed to be on first name terms with all their guests.Great gym and business centre with free wi-fi throughout hotel which is all too uncommon in most hotels and also great bar called Scarlett with special thanks to Tony. Location was also very central with popular Workers Stadium and Sanlitun areas all within walking distance.	
Sep 27 2009 	Potential greatness but sloppy service	Good location, though better placed for malls, restaurants and clubs than historic centre. Excellent facilities given the price point--spacious quiet rooms, if a bit style over substance; small but well-equipped gym. And great to have breakfast included--if you can get served. Most mornings were a bit chaotic in terms of ordering, attentiveness--and on the last we waited 30 minutes or more while customers who'd come in later were served. Eventually left for the airport underfed and a bit grumpy. A pity, given all the other strengths. That said, we'd go back, with slightly lower expectations.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent location service and great English speaking staff	Whilst conducting business in Beijing, and I have to say that Hotel G surprised me with its greatness. The lobby is warm and welcoming. I stayed in a Greater room. It was quiet and spacious plus very comfortable beds with a pillow. TV has satisfactory channels and excellent wifi (provided free throughout the hotel). The breakfast buffet has a good selection. The location of Hotel G is superb, near the bars and just a short walk to Sanlitun. It was 25 minutes to and from Beijing Capital airport via taxi. Next time I have business in Beijing, I will be back to Hotel G.	
Sep 25 2009	HOTEL G is AWESOME!!! Value for money!!	Awesome chic hotel!! I stayed 5 nights with my parents and and then another additional night on my own here and it was superb. Great value for money for the location, services and the quality. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and gave accurate directions and advice about costs and timing to get to places. They would even provide a print out in chinese for directions to restaurants you want to go to! They recommended Long Island around the corner for a massage and it was the best (very cheap between 11am to 5pm weekdays)! Extremely clean, large spacious room, large comfy bed, clean and soft linen (have to put this in because hard to find in china!), free wireless, ipod docking station, (apparently also free nintendo wii for kids!!), big bath tub, large shower, l'occitane bathroom products, free drinks from minibar, free local calls from phone, complimentary breakfast with great selection and generous feed, a nightly surprise tapas delivery and....to top it off..a pillow menu for the fussy sleeper!! You'd find all these as additional costs anywhere else but not here!!! Excellent value. Would definitely recommend and stay here again!	
Sep 24 2009 	Well worth the money but not for everyone	Prepare to be pleasantly surprised. We stayed 5 nights and bookings were handled superbly. The rooms in this place are exactly as advertised, which is excellent. The only surprise we had was how large the rooms are. We stayed in a Great room and it felt like a suite.The in- house restaurants, including Scarlett, is excellent, if you like the dark, chill out lounge type of setting. Service both in the restaurant and throughout the hotel was fantastic- staff were able to provide us information in English and arrange tours as required.Bear in mind also that the Hotel's official address is actually the main road nearby, but the hotel is in an alley off that road. As a landmark, tell the cab driver its between the Worker's Gymnasium and Worker's Stadium.There are only 2 things which prevent this hotel from getting an excellent rating1) The hotel is smack in between subway stations. That means a 20 minute brisk walk to the nearest station. If you're coming with luggage, don't even think of taking the train. 2) Because its a boutique hotel, there are no facilities other than a small gym, business centre and roof garden. Guests with young children may have some trouble keeping them occupied.	
Sep 23 2009 	great boutique hotel	We booked the room (Great Room) through www.agoda.com and got a great deal with breakfast included (total =~ US$115/night). Hotel has excellent staff who do their best to assist; English is excellent and language never a problem. The room is spacious and funky. You can &quot;choose&quot; the color of the lights in the bedroom windows at night, which is one of the strange but fun pleasures of staying here. The bed is super comfortable; room service is quick and tasty. The bathroom is really big with L'Occitane toiletries (my favorite) and both a bath and a shower. Gym is modern and quite nice, but we didn't use it. Breakfast is very good and lunch is very good as well. Costs of food/drink are reasonable. Location of the hotel is very convenient and walking distance to many attractions. It's fairly easy for taxis to find; if ever stuck, the hotel is always happy to speak with the taxi driver. We'll definitely stay here again!	
Sep 22 2009 	Hotel G stands for Hotel Great although that does not do it justice	The Hotel G was nothing short of Brilliant and quite simply the best Hotel we have stayed in. Its location whilst down a laneway was only aver a 12 Yuan taxi ride from the main sites and shopping. The staff were faultless in their desire to help and ensure a great stay (particularly Lisa, Bella and Aaron at the front desk). Their english was better than our hotels in Shanghai and Xian. The food was exception from the included breakfast to late night snacks. The rooms were sumptuous and special from the moody decor to the most comfortable bed and pillows we have slept in (if only they would fit in a suitcase). This review could not be written without mentioning the hands on management of the two Alex's who did all they could to make the stay even more memorable and enjoyable. Check this hotel out its the way all hotels should be	
Sep 22 2009 	excellent - so handy and great service with rooms to match	This is a great place - being a corporate traveller location, service is essential. Wlak to nightclubs, eat inhouse without the rip off, taxis at the door, excellent room - wothevery cent.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great First Bountique Hotel Experience in China!	Those good reviews about Hotel G on Tripadviser are so ture! The room was unique?big?comfortable and clean, and the service was SUPER ! We really felt like VIP there! I have to admit it's the first time in my life I was greet by a hotel manager, and after Alex's warm welcome I don't think I can stay in another hotel in Beijing.	
Sep 19 2009 	Unique hotel In beijing - they've thought of everything in Hotel G!	We stayed in Hotel G after reading about it on Tripadvisor. It was the first few nights of our honeymoon and we were very glad we stayed in Hotel G. The staff were attentive without being over the top. Every little thing was thought of - pillow menu, little sweet treats left in your soom each day, free internet etc. We stayed in 4 different hotels in China - the others were big chains (Sheraton, Sofitel) and Hotel G was our favourite. The rooms were big and luxurious and the breakfasts were great - you choose from menu and it is cooked for you - which is much nicer than the usual buffet that you get in big hotels. The location is central although taxi drivers do sometimes have trouble finding it - but the hotel gives you a card and a small map so it's not too much of a problem really.	
Sep 14 2009 	After 7 years living in China this was my best hotel experince in this country!	From the arrival to the departure Hotel G staffs and services were perfect.I've been living in China for the past 7 years and travel a lot in first and second tiers cities. Usually service is a catastrophe even in 5 star hotels... I always find something to say. Staffs just can't do it right, at least not the way you would expect a 5 stars hotel.But this was until my hotel G experience. I stayed there for 4 days which give them plenty of time to disappointe me but still they did not... They made no fault performance and I'm very happy to recomand them to any traveler....	
Sep 14 2009 	Amazing boutique hotel...Hotel G has nothing to jaleous of the other big 5 stars chains...	I stayed at Hotel G for couple days and was impressed by this little boutique hotel. So stylish and charming, so central with amazing and helpful staff and delicious food. Nothing negative to say about this hotel and if I could have stayed longer I would definitely have extended my stay. It is fair to say that when I came back to HK in my 5 stars hotel chain, I was highly deceived by the service offered compared to what I had at Hotel G.I wish more hotels of this brand could open everywhere. Because I am now a fan!&quot;HOTEL G has tout d un grand&quot;	
Sep 11 2009 	One of a kind in Beijing~Kids Friendly~Excellent Service	During our month long vacation in China, we have stayed at two boutique hotels, the URBN hotel in Shanghai, and hotel-G, both were excellent in hardware and service, we will never stay at a non-boutique hotel from now on and these hotels are the best in China! Please check out my review on URBN hotel as well if you are going to stay in Shanghai. Excellent room quality:- Artistic design shows in furniture style, room color, window treatment, wall art, building material...and every tiny detail.- 2 iMac at the business center where Skype is installed, free internet- Free local calls- Super comfy bed, yes, like sleeping in the clouds.Excellent service and hospitality, definitely a kids-friendly hotel.- Having breakfast at the resturaunt Scarlet was such a joyful experience. We were greeted by the new general manager Alex Chakrabarti every morning, his vibrant, charming personality really gives this hotel more warmth and character. This hotel would not be so memorable without him. We were traveling with a toddler and a baby, he was so nice with the kids, he talked and played with my daughter and we had so much laughs. One day he had chocolate moose sent up to our room for our kids. He introduced his collegues to us, making us feel that having a good stay is top priority to them. I would rate hotel-G higher over URBN hotel just for this reason. The breakfast is just wonderful, there is a variety of warm food from the menu ranging from western to cantonese, there is also a self-serve cold bar which includes things kids love, cereals, yogurt, milk, fruits, cheese.... And the service was unbelievable, they would warm up baby milk for me without me asking, Lisa, who was there every morning, would come and wipe the dirty spots every time my baby drops food on him or throws food on floor, you know how you feel so embarrassed in resturaunts with kids when they are messy, they made us feel comfortable, went out their way to serve us, definitely not seen in the U.S. - Upon arrival, we thought the coffee table in the middle of the room and the round glass table are hazardous to our young children, so we called, and they came quickly to remove them.- At check-in, they sent a pet fish in a bowl to our room for the kids! All the nice little personal touches just make our stay so memorable, and I am sure you won't get the same treatment at a 5-star chain hotel. Location is good too:- Make sure you check out the XiuShui Silk Market which is a 10-min taxi away- the 798 Art Zone is a 10-15 min taxi ride, if you are into modern art, make sure you check it out. - The pizza resturaunt that is just a few steps down the road is a good place for a quick bite. If you have to ask me anything that could have been better:- The water in the shower is a little hard to adjust, little too sensitive.- The bell boys could have smiled a little and be more informative. The first day we were there, I asked a bell boy if he knows a good place to have a quick bite, he recommended the resturuant across the hotel, turned out to be a fancy and pricey place and had nothing on the menu for kids. Then the next day, we ate at the pizza place just a few steps down the road, turn right when you come out of the hotel, this pizza place is nicely decorated as a western country place, the pizza was authentic, and you cann't go wrong with RMB 100 that feeds 3 adults and a toddler. - When we arrived, there were a few staff at the front desk, we were the only guests there, they weren't busy, and they were chatting and giggling, which could make guests uncomfortable if they are not familiar with Chinese culture. - It would be nice if there is ramp at the front entrance for strollers and wheelchairs.Overall, it's one of the best hotels we ever stayed at, will stay there again next time in Beijing with my family. Highly recommended to everyone reading this.	
Sep 9 2009 	Affordable luxury with attentive staff	Tonight's my last night at Hotel G- sadly my husband and I have to move on to sample other delights of China! I say sadly- as we've enjoyed Beijing and particularly Hotel G so much. We are here on our honeymoon and were given a real VIP welcome- complete with floor candles lit to our suite etc on arrival and a heart-shaped collection of rose petals on the bed. The room is huge- not what I expected of Beijing at all and it is well equipped with all mod cons- such as air conditioning,free-wifi(which I'm using at the moment), plasma tv, a big bathroom with both bath and shower, lovely l'occitane bath and body products, and a very big and very comfy 6ft wide bed. This place has thought of everything- from being able to hire Nintendo Wis/DVDs to having a &quot;pillow menu&quot;- including ones to help you sleep, and also the abillity to choose the colour of the lights on your windows (probably looks more impressive when you see them all from the outside).We've eaten a lovely breakfast daily at the hotel- our room rate including a choice of breakfasts - from english style cooked, to chinese noodles + freshly squeezed juice and choice of hot drink.We also took advantage of a meal offer they had on Sunday night- which was 50% off the total bill for dinner and drinks- we had a lovely meal with great service- despite us arriving 20mins before this rate ended!The staff here are very attentive and nothing seems to much trouble- they helped us to organise our trips out and about including a driver for a day to go to the Great Wall- which was a much more flexible option than a tour bus would have been as we got to spend longer there.(my husband's collapsed in a heap after going a bit further along it than i did, hence I have time to type this in! ) Alex Chakrabaty, the general manager seems to make a point of introducing himself to all the guests and is obviously key to how well things run as he appears genuinely keen for customers to enjoy their stay,My top tip for those travelling to this hotel in the near future is that the trip in a taxi should not cost more than about 150yuan/RMB(the local currency)- we managed to queue up in the designated taxi rank and still get a dodgy taxi- after being guided to it by someone in a uniform! Make sure you get in one that looks like the others- (they seem to be yellow+ another colour) and they all give a receipt at the end of the journey - ask for this if the price is too high - and then you could pop in the hotel to double check!I would definitely try staying at this hotel if/when I visit Beijing again. For what seems like very reasonable rates, you get a top rate hotel stay!	
Sep 7 2009 	Stayed for one week highly recommend Hotel G!	I stayed at the Hotel G for one week, on a business trip. The room was great, with plenty of high tech amenities, a fabulous bathroom and wonderful bedding. I'm glad I chose Hotel G over the more generic hotel chains (Westin, etc) that are offered throughout Beijing. This place had plenty of character and the staff could not have been more pleasant or accommodating.	
Sep 3 2009 	Best Hotel I’ve ever been to	Because of my business I stayed in Hotel G every weekend for three straight months. Every stay was a unique experience with excellent food, atmosphere and the best service you’ll find in a hotel.The rooms and the bathrooms are huge and the bed is impressive is even better than the bed at home.The restaurant, Scarlet, it’s a great place to relax after a hard day of work excellent food and drinks.Last but not least, thanks to all the staff, all of them treat you like you are the only guest in the hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	Unique funky style with excellent service	My husband and I stayed here for a week with a friend. Visiting Beijing from Viet Nam, we were looking for a boutique hotel that is modern. After the confusion about our booking upon check-in, the hotel staff upgraded us to greater rooms. Great things to mention: - Very attentive staff - quality of service. - Spacious rooms - even more spacious TV- Enjoyed nice drinks over the pool table playing stickNotable addition: - Complimentary late afternoon snacks delivered to your roomsDarling general manager treated us at the restaurant - Scarlet - which became one of the most memorable events in Beijing for my husband. This also gave us a great opportunity to meet his colleagues - international staff and local staff. Seemed to us that many of the staff we met actually enjoyed working there. The Great Dinner of China - as he calls it. Not your usual facsimile of a four or five star hotel. Funky and Personal. Exactly what we were looking for - it really hit THE spot!	
Aug 28 2009 	Over-rated	Stayed her because of so many recommendations - but when I checked in, the hotel was just about empty . The restaurant i kept reading so much about was closed. The service was very disappointing. For the cost, I could easily have stayed at so many other hotels in Beijing - there's a lot of offers on right now	
Aug 26 2009 	Too good so we extended our stay......	....and this says it all, we think. Been on a world trip and more than 26 hotels experienced already , we enjoyed everything in this unique hotel. Huge rooms and bathrooms as well (what is very important to my wife), very stylish and super clean, in the restaurant there was always a lively and good atmosphere around and the food , espec. the breakfast was very tasty and fair priced. Not to forget the very helpful and friendly stuff who satisfy your wishes before you even mention it and at last Alex, the General Manager, who was the always present one at any day time and managed the hotel to the perfection . We felt that all people who worked for this hotel liked their job and make their guest feel comfortable and happy. And they have done acceptionaly well. Good luck and carry on in this way.Ernst and Rena,Australia/Austria	
Aug 14 2009 	Can't give this place a high enough rating!!!!	I've stayed in alot of hotels over the years from holiday inns to hiltons, and i've never stayed in a hotel as great as hotel G. I'll start this review with the service, Its amazing the staff are honest and genuinely care about the customers. The staff are very friendly and are always there to help they'll even go well out of there way to help, and this was the case when one of the guys i was with got sick, when we asked for directions to an english speaking hospital, not only did the hotel give us directions but they also sent us with a receptionist to help translate just incase the level of english wasn't that good in the hospital. What other hotel would do that??!!Not only was the service great, but so was the hotel. When you look at it at night it looks mad!! the lights in the windows look amazing and it dosen't stop there the reception area is modern with retro furniture, the restaraunt looks great too!! Best part though is the rooms. They don't disapoint the bathrooms are huge and the beds are very comfortable and the rooms have great styling. The buisness centre is small but well laid out as too is the gym. The roof top terrace is also nice and makes for a nice relaxing area to have a drink in!!The hotels location is great too its right beside the workers stadium and about a 5minute taxi ride from the silk market which will cost you 10rmb whcih is 1EURO!!!! The hotel is fairly central and most of the main attractions beijing have to offer aren't that far away. If you want to go to the great wall the hotel will provide a special taxi for you which will take you there and wait until your ready to leave(another great service)Food in the hotel is great i only ate in the restaraunt twice both times it was fantastic and well priced. Room service menu is great too we ordered alot of that. It too was well priced and was fairly quick.Finally Thanks a million To Alex the Gm and Tiger you made the stay at hotel G amazing!	
Aug 13 2009 	Worth Every Penny Exceptional Hotel!	I won't say I'm a war-torn traveling veteran, but I have stayed in a litany of different hotels. Hotel G blows them all out of the water. The level of service, the genuine caring and catering to every need or issue we had was more than we could have ever expected. The room was incredibly comfortable, with amenities that are second to none: a large screen TV, personal room WiFi, roomy shower and bathroom area, comfortable beds, fresh fruit on arrival, free sodas in the refrigerator, turn down service with a little sweet or candy before bedtime. And the lights you see in the windows of the hotel, you have the controls to those in your room. You can choose whatever colors you want. Talk about cool (and if you don't think so, then you need to try it, you'll change your tune. Especially if you're having a 'friend' over).The hotel also keeps you feeling comfortable and secure staying there. Often you'll hear of travelers being robbed blind from someone who broke into their room. That won't happen here. The elevator requires a room key, and there are cameras on each floor and in the elevator. Additionally, if you don't have a room key when you enter the elevator from any floor, you can only go to the lobby. Definite features that I've not seen elsewhere, and really appreciated here.As if all this wasn't enough, the hotel is 5 minutes from any place you could possibly want to party in Beijing! At the top of the road is the most popular gay club &quot;Destination&quot;, along with several other clubs and restaurants. Hop in a cab, and its a short ride to Sun Li Tun or Hou Hai. Shopping is also very close, with the Silk Market and another shopping center being either a short cab ride or within walking distance (my friend and I often walked back from the one shopping center, 15 minute walk).The general manager, Alex, is the gold standard when it comes to managers. He was there to welcome us to the hotel and check us in, and consistently stopped to talk with us on how our stay was going, and to offer us a free drink to the fabulous restaurant, or give us some tips on shopping (we really appreciated him giving us prices on certain items, it was very helpful). However, this attitude doesn't just rest with him, it permeates and cascades down to every member of the staff. If you want it, or need it, you got it. I requested an ironing board and iron - done. How about a DVD player? Done. I really don't like the desk chair, can I have another one? No problem, how about we bring one up from the restaurant? While that doesn't necessarily seem remarkable, I have to ask anyone reading this: When was the last time you were in a hotel where the staff actively engaged you, let alone the general manager, and genuinely cared how your stay was going? Generally for me, you never meet the manager, nor any management staff, and if I do get questioned, is the &quot;I don't really care but I have to be polite and ask how your stay is.&quot; Alex and everyone is excited your there, displays their consistent enthusiasm about their role, and tries to be the best damn hosts they can.Yes, there are places where you can spend less. But if you even have the slightest curiosity, you owe it to yourself to check out this hotel for one night. I would even go so far as to say that if you went to Alex and his team after a night and didn't think it was the best hotel in Beijing, they'd do the leg work to set you up anywhere else you wanted to go. They care about the happiness of the client - end of discussion.	
Aug 8 2009 	Hotel G Delivers	There is not much that I can say here that hasn't been said here before ... but I will heap on some additional praise. My wife and I live in Shanghai and have traveled quite extensively. At the end of our weekend at Hotel G, we both agreed that it was among the best we have stayed in anywhere. The hotel truly excels on all fronts and I cannot fault it for anything.I travel to Beijing quite frequently for both work and sightseeing with overseas guests. Until now, we have dreaded making yet another trip to Beijing to see the same sights again. Now that we have found Hotel G, we actually look forward to returning!	
Aug 3 2009 	A unique and unforgettable experience not to be missed	Both my partner and I are very well travelled, and never have either of us come across such a fantastic hotel that ticks every single box with ease, and moreover is actually impressive on every level. Everything from decor to breakfast to service is out of this world, and you will leave unable to shake off the memory of this place. The general manager Alex and his team are all incredibly motivated and work effortlessly well together - and best of all they are available around the clock to make you feel at home and provide great advice on where to eat, visit and party if that is your thing. When it came to the end of our 3 nights there, we were very sad to leave, knowing that it was going to be by far the hotel we would experience China wide, possible even worldwide.  The room itself was spacious with a large flat screen TV equipped with a wide selection of channels, excellent wall and floor decor, a huge comfortable king-sized bed with a pillow menu, the ability to change the light colour on your windows, free WiFi, an iPod dock, free soft drinks in the fridge alongside many other little perks. The bathroom is also comparatively large with a double sized square shower cubicle and well proportioned bath. Both were immaculately clean each day after room services had waved their magic wand. To complement this, the level of courteous and willing service you receive from the staff can not be exceeded. We went on from Beijing to stay in a worldwide chain of 5 star hotels, and felt incredibly unloved after having stayed at Hotel G. The staff went that extra mile each time, booking all our taxis, internal flights, overnight trains, restaurants and even hotels in other cities for us, each time providing an array of well researched options to pick from.  The breakfast is fresh and tasty and both the restaurants on the ground floor have great food and are equipped with an equally flamboyant decor as the rest of the hotel. Room service is available around the clock, arrives promptly and is just as tasty as the restaurant food. If you want a unique and unforgettable experience, you want Hotel G!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great place great location great fun	Hotel g is a great boutique hotel. Fasionable, well designed, different. Well worth the money. And the manager, alex is a legend! When I return to Beijing this is the place I'll stay. Nothing too much trouble.	
Aug 2 2009 	Hotel G aims to be your second home but after staying here you won't want to go home.	You just HAVE to stay here if you are in Beijing! The Hotel G is like no other – they aim to be your second home in Beijing but after we’d stayed here we didn’t want to go back to our own home! The staff are wonderful and go out of their way to make your stay memorable, especially GM Alex Chakrabarti, his colleagues Mark, Jessica and Alex and the charming receptionists and bar staff. We stayed for four nights from 17th to 22nd July and liked it so much that we came back again for the last part of our trip from 26th to 30th July. When we first arrived we were upgraded from a good to a great room at no extra cost. Great rooms are really spacious with some cool features like the floor to ceiling mural, the docking station for your i-pod and the choice of coloured lights for the window. One of the best things about the G is their relaxed and flexible check in/out policy which was especially useful for us as our travel arrangements meant we arrived early and left late. When you need a break from Chinese food, the hotel’s Scarlett restaurant and bar serves delicious European food and good wine, we particularly recommend the all you can eat pasta evening on Tuesdays. The G martini cocktails are not to be missed! The hotel is in an ideal location, close to a number of elegant bars, clubs and restaurants in the Chaoyang district and a short subway or taxi ride from Beijing’s many other attractions. If you are looking for an interesting night out just a short walk from the hotel try Latte which is on the top floor of a building close to the Worker’stadium (you reach it via a glass lift on the outside of the building)– sit at the bar and the bar staff will keep you entertained while you sip your cocktail. This Chinese club is frequented by local celebrities and glitterati and the live singers are really good.From now on no visit to Beijing will be complete without a stay in the Hotel G, as we now say, we don’t do Shi Shi, we do G!Simon and Oscar, Chester, UK.	
Jul 29 2009 	too many fake reviews for this hotel	That this is the number one hotel in BJ - and almost everyone that gives it 5 stars has only ONE review (this one) is just not good enough The hotel tries hard , but to be honest our stay was quite average. It's not as well equipped as a normal 5 * BJ hotel (Westin, JW Marriott, etc). The restaurants , despite massive promotion , are empty, and it lacks the hipness of the Opposite House (still best hotel in BJ)	
Jul 23 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!!	You must stay in this hotel if you travel to Beijing. Very nice and friendly staff!!! Clean rooms. Nice bed...very big rooms. A lot of bars around the area.	
Jul 19 2009 	Swanky hotel with impeccable service	Wow. We stayed here for the last two nights of our honeymoon and were extremely impressed. I had booked a “Great” room but we were upgraded to a “Greater” room, which was huge. The bathtub was very nice with a rain shower head in the ceiling. Our room had a king size bed with amazing pillows and comforter. There was fresh fruit in our room and the mini bar offers free sodas (those that are marked with a sticker are free). You can actually pick the color that will be in each of your windows at night which we found charming. Service was impeccable. Literally within 60 seconds of calling to get our laundry picked up, someone was at the door. We asked for ice to be delivered to our room on the way past reception and they practically beat us to the room. The turn down service was very nice with rose petals and candles one night. We didn’t try either of the restaurants in the lobby but we ordered breakfast room service and it was delicious and on time. We had the address written in Chinese for our taxi driver but he struggled a bit to find it – look across the street from Bellagio down a small side street. The location is great for nearby nightlife with various fabulous restaurants and bars. We had an amazing dinner at Green Tea House and particularly liked nearby rooftop Q-Bar. Upon arriving home, we spotted a photo of the room we had in the current issue of Travel &amp; Leisure!	
Jul 18 2009 	great value	got in late at night, when cab driver dropped me off it was like checking into a night club, the music was blasting, we had to try not to run over drunk girls stumbling onto the street, but once inside the room, I was quite pleased with the hotel except for finding a strand of red curly hair on top of the toilet bowl, everything else about the hotel was perfect, very spacious rooms, really stylish, convenient quick cab ride to restaurants and shopping, great breakfast (included in the price)really a good deal and I'd come back	
Jul 17 2009 	They really go out of their way!	As this hotel is already rated number 1 on tripadvisor, I was not going to bother writing anything else...however, the amount of effort the staff put in to make you feel at home really does merit a write-up! The General Manager Alex runs a great ship. Its probably one of the first times I've really noticed an entire hotel team working so well together, and the happy/motivated feeling you get from them really makes a difference.Nothing to add outside of what all the other positive reviews have mentioned.....great location, great food, lovely rooms, the goldfish is cool, the service is prompt and friendly.	
Jul 14 2009 	Hotel G hits the spot	I travel around the world on business and stay in some good Hotels with good service and great staff, However Hotel G really hit the spot for me.Alex and all his team there are First Class from the moment you walk in to the time you leave. excellent services in all areas by all staff and a special mention to Thierry who makes the best Chocolate Fondant in the world (official).Keep up the excellent work guys you've got it &quot;Spot&quot; on.	
Jul 10 2009 	quite brilliant	I'm quite a tough critic, but I really cannot find one single point to criticise when it comes to this hotel. I was there for five nights, and was rather sad to leave when the time came. The rooms are fantastic, the food excellent, and the staff unfailingly courteous. Location is perfect. No problem was too hard and everything was organised - from taxis to far more complex excursions - in seconds flat. The staff speak very good English by Beijing standards, and in those (very) rare moments where they were uncertain, there are always rather charming Spanish and French managers not too far away. Unless you are obsessed with collecting miles from a big chain hotel, I think you would have to be out of your mind to stay anywhere else in Beijing - a really great experience.	
Jul 9 2009 	First class experience	Hotel G is quite possibly the most comfortable hotel I've ever stayed in. I stayed for a week in one of their &quot;Greater&quot; rooms and the room was stunning and huge. Incredibly comfortable bed, by any standard, and considering this is China it's practically miraculous. The internet connection was free, reliable and fast.The hotel restaurant was very nice, and open 24 hours. If you're homesick for a cheeseburger you won't be disappointed. Breakfast was excellent with both western and asian options. The Japanese restaurant next door, Morio, is also very good.If there's one downside (and it's a minor one) it's that the hotel isn't as close to the subway as I would have liked. It looks close on the map but that's only because Beijing is so huge - it's actually quite a walk. As a consequence you'll usually end up taking cabs when you want to go out, which isn't really so bad - the front desk staff will hail you a cab and tell the driver where you're going. Just don't forget to get a card from them with the address and a map - many taxi drivers have never heard of the Hotel G and won't be able to find it without help!I would absolutely stay here again and if any of my friends ever tells me they're going to Beijing the first thing out of my mouth will be a recommendation to stay at Hotel G!	
Jul 2 2009 	Great!!	After we travelled from Amsterdam by train for our honey-moon we arrived in Beijing at this great hotel, it couldn't be a better ending of our trip.. Great rooms, great staff, very good breakfast and the best pillows ever..we certainly recommend everyone to stay here.. its fantastic value for money, and thats coming from a Dutch person..Dont stay anywhere else in Beijing	
Jun 28 2009 	Outstanding expirience hightly recomend you this hotel!	Stayed there for two nights. Got really unforgettable experience. You can believe me - I am living in hotels more then 6 months per year. This one is special! When you arrive they will give you aquarium will little gold fish (if you traveling alone) - it will be not so lonely for you in Beijing. I got little fish that name is Selinda :) I really miss she now :)Staff is very friendly and helpful. They can help you to find anything you need in Beijing. I really grateful to everybody and specially to general manager Alex :)And rooms off course ... Very like my room. Design is awesome and those colorful windows its something (you can change color of your window by the way). Unfortunately I missed all breakfasts due to too comfortable bad :) and cant say if they are good or no :(So, highly recommend you this hotel. Its not only comfortable and staff is friendly - it is special!	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Wall Forbidden City 	An overall great experience. Myself and four others stayed 4 nights. &quot;Great&quot; rooms, great food and an exuberance that emanates from the top management down.The rooms are very comfortable and stylish, probably the best pillows I have ever laid me head on!Scarlett, great for dining from breakfast with freshly squeezed orange juice to the varied menu available in the evening. The Tapas and the cheese/cold cut board a must.No hesitation in recommending this well situated accommodation experience.Should we return to Beijing then this is where we would stay.	
Jun 26 2009 	What larger design-centric chains aspire to be.	Whilst the contemporary avatar of the boutique hotel usually revolves around interiors where design frequently trumps function and an identity as dictated at the outset, Hotel G seems to have struck a happy medium between design and function and forged a distinct identity on the boutique hotel scene. I was amazed by how generously-proportioned the rooms were and, trendy as the design might be, there were no contraptions that I'd needed to figure out or rung the front desk over. While the trendy design sets the tone for the spontaneous, friendly service from the staff, the identity seems to have grown organically- there are no corny taglines, no artificial commitments (eco or otherwise), none of the overbearing service trademarks characteristic of design/lifestyle hotel chains.What distinguishes Hotel G, I think, is the overall fun vibe that's actually top-down- a genuinely fun-loving management that never loses its cool, an honest commitment to things working and an inclusive outlook that's hip but never crossing into the hipper-than-thou territory.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good value young 	We stayed for 4 nights and booked fairly last minute thanks to the tripadvisor reviews (which are rather overwhelmingly positive). The hotel is fairly new (opened last year, post Olympics, by the sound of things) and is the first of what is hoped to be a chain. It is actually an older hotel that has been refurbed in a youthful trendy style, think slightly cheaper version of the W hotels. The feel is very American and young (don't ask me where the 'retro' that is part of the sales speak comes in - it isn't).We had a basic room (which has a much better name - 'Good'). It was large and the amenities good, though with a couple of niggles for what apparently is a new room. The furniture is places shows that it has been used previously and has some dings/dents; our room only had a shower, though uncertain why no bath as certainly large enough; there wasn't really enough water pressure for the shower (hence often overly hot, then cold - we heard others complaining at breakfast); bathroom grout/general finish was poor; the bed is very soft (slightly too soft). Having said that, the room was nice, there was plenty of space; wi-fi was free and there were some free soft drinks and water.The business centre is good, has 2 macs and was never used when we were there (except by us, despite the fact that we had 2 computers with us - we did like it!). It is actually an old room by the looks of things but is nicely kitted out as a modern study type room.The gym equipment looked good, though again not in use (and sadly, I didn't use this!). There is also a rooftop garden that has been closed for 'safety'. Disappointingly, in daylight, the plants (in view) have recently been left to wither and die, which detracts from the view... The service was good, though I would have expected more on arrival in terms of tourist advice - ie you are here, here is a card with our address in Chinese for taxi drivers etc. The bar, Scarlett, works very well. For breakfast, it is nice and welcoming to customers of all ages and nationalities. In the evening, it becomes more clubby as the night progresses, especially at the weekend. It has a nice laid back feel, but might be a pain of you wanted a nice quite space for a drink - and as with most things in Beijing it can be a bit of a trek/taxi ride to find what suits you.All in all, we enjoyed our stay and I thought it was good value for money. I wouldn't feel strongly enough to return, but I would recommend to others looking for value and style.	
Jun 21 2009 	Highly recommended	Staying at Hotel-G was an exceptional great experience. The hotel boost the atmosphere of the 60ties with a contemporary stylish design. The boutique hotel is a real topper in it’s comfort ability with an amazing efficient and broad service. The service they provided is of utmost high standard. Luxury and casual, without extravagant. Staff and management are more then helpful and friendly, what results in really feeling, “at home”. The large rooms are of well thought design and equipped with matching furniture. The beds are comfortable and giving in the morning a real good relaxed feeling. The restaurant is a place for gourmets with a wide selection of wine and cheese and a more then delicious cuisine. Hotel-G will stay in our memory as an ultimate memorable place to stay in Beijing. When our next stay will be in Beijing again, then there is no doubt as to us, it will be Hotel-G again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Funky hotel!	I booked this hotel for its style and the rooms. The rooms are very spacious, modern, nice details (drawer upholstered with velvet that has wine glasses and scotch glasses lying vertically in the velvet),..The beds are like clouds!!! So soft... you just instantly fall asleep. The bathroom was ok. Shower head needed replacement. Water came out from the side.The food in the restaurant (Scarlett) is to be avoided. First night I ordered a chinese meal that clearly was not fresh. On another night I ordered a chicken burger that was VERY dry. The tapa-style finger food was very good. On Saturday night the atmosphere was great. The bar/ restaurant filled up with 30 something expats and the local hip chinese. The DJ put on some groovy beats with another musician playing live saxophone as he moved around amongst the crowd. The restaurant manager Alex takes care of his customers and gives your bar/ restaurant visit a personal touch. Merci Alex. Although I am in general satisfied about this hotel, I couldn´t really recommend it as a business hotel. I had a meeting planned there and changed it to another venue because it wouldn´t have given the right impression. It is more a holiday hotel for a hip younger cowd.	
Jun 5 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Hotel G is a beautiful, small hotel located in a very convenient part of Beijing. It is about a ten minute walk to Sanlitun, just across the road from the Workers' Stadium. We go to Beijing to shop, and the access to Yashow Market ( about 8 minutes walk), Silk Market (5 minutes in a cab) and Hong Qiao market is great. There is a tiny convenience store next door which stocks great Australian bubbles and wine, and once they realized what we liked, they made sure they had some every day in the fridge, on ice. The fabulous Face Bar is around the corner, and of course, very convenient to the fab restaurants in Sanlitun - love Alameida, and Pink Loft, but so many good ones.The rooms in the hotel are divine. We had a Great Room, with flat screen TV, 55sqm space, divine bathroom with huge bath and rainshower, little snacks every day delivered about 6pm, and a personally cooked scrumptious breakfast every day. Easy to get a cab everywhere, it is a top location for shopping, bar jumping, and touring, as you are so close to Forbidden City etc, whilst having easy access to the 2nd and 3rd ring roads for a quick escape.Highly recommended.	
Jun 4 2009 	A Top Boutique Hotel with a Soul!	I was intrigue by the high review that the hotel received. But the hotel truly lived up to my expectations. It may appear overdesign at first, but it is not irritating. Rather, this is where a design grows into you. The tiptop condition of the hotel and the warm service from the staff have made my stay truly comfortable. The very high value and the enthusiasm displayed by its GM, Alex, all the more made it unbeatable!	
May 29 2009 	In a word.. AWESOME	I stayed in Hotel G last week and to be honest it was one of the most memorable hotel experiences I have ever had.. the place is super trendy.. the staff are tripping over themselves to help you, the breakfast is great and Scarlett bar is a great night venue. Compared to all the behemoth hotels in Beijing Hotel G is the most personal hotel experience you are going to get!	
May 28 2009 	The hippest hotel in Beijing	I personally didn't stay at hotel G but hung out there a lot as I knew people who did. The service this hotel offers is amazing - very personal but not in the face while being on the level of any five star hotels without feeling extravagant. The environment is chilled out and although it's a fancy hotel you never feel like you need to dress formal as soon as you walk outside the door. The tapas is delicious and far from anything I've had in Beijing after living here for half a year. The interior is very appealing and I just love the combination of black and white movie classics running on the widescreen TV, colourful wall papers and sixties furnishing. The managers and directors are very caring about their costumers and would come and say hello on regular basis. Everything seems to be carefully planned in this hotel which I think is by far the hippest hotel in Beijing. If you're looking for luxury and design in a chilled out environment without exaggerated pricing Hotel G is the one place you want to choose. I recommend arrival at night time when checking in as the window lighting is genious.	
May 26 2009	LOOK NO FURTHER FOR A REALLY GREAT HOTEL IN BEIJING	I have just spent 2 weeks at the G Hotel, Beijing visiting my son who lives in China.In terms of service, comfort, hospitality, decor and catering one could not have asked formore. The attention to detail was especially appreciated - they offer a truly 5 star international service - great rooms, linen, L'occitane toiletries and all the little items you may forget to pack. The staff were extremely helpful re calling for taxis (very cheap),booking sightseeing, train tickets etc etcand the management could not have been more friendly and helpful. Thank you Robert, Mark, Mary, Jessica, Adriana. Cannot wait to return. Claire Guest	
May 25 2009 	The Best in Beijing..without a doubt!!	I travel quite a bit with business..and I normally get very bored of hotels quickly. Prior to staying at Hotel G, I stayed at the Westin Financial District. Nice rooms, great hotel..but still, it was just a typical hotel. I left Beijing and was meant to return in a fornight. I decided to look at trip advisor and Hotel G was ranked first. I checked out the hotel website, the unique nature of the hotel caught my eye. I'd never stayed at a boutique hotel so I took a leap of faith. I was not dissapointed. Hotel G was the best decision I ever made. It is a combination of mordern vs retro. Very sheek. Lovely decor all around and the lights on the windows..very attractive. Hotel G has the best managment team I ever came across. Very warm, friendly and welcoming. I've never had personal interaction with management at the hundreds of hotels I've stayed in around the world. They basically took care of my every need. The rest of the hotel staff were great. After a few days of staying at the hotel, the restaurant staff knew what I normally had for breakfast..it's these little things that differential one hotel from another. Location was another great factor. Hotel G is surrounded by a buzzing atmosphere that has an attraction for every person...embassies, bars, clubs, restaurants, shopping..all very close to the hotel. Many of the Beijing tourist attractions are fairly close, the Olympic stadium, Forbidden City among others. The rooms at the hotel are huge. They have the most comfortable bed I ever came across. Perhaps too comfortable. I had a difficult morning every day of my stay because I didn't want to get out of bed. Free wireless internet, flat screen TV..what else can I say? The wine bar at the hotel was great and they have different theme parties organised fairly often, which is a breath of fresh air when you come back to the hotel after a long day. It's not the typical hotel bar where you have your few drinks and go to sleep. I met a few interesting people. It's a really nice place to have a drink. I can write tonnes about this hotel because I stayed at the G for almost a month...anyone going to Beijing, give it a shot. You will keep going back..thats a guarantee!	
May 19 2009 	my place in Beijing from now on	For anyone tired of the same old hotel chains that all look the same, give hotel G a shot. I personally will not anywhere else in Beijing anymore. Beautiful, huge rooms, great location, cool restaurants and bar for the after work beer we all need after a long day working. and the service was really good too. can't say enough, this is the place in Beijing as far as I am concerned.	
May 6 2009 	Uber trendy	My first impression after walking in to this hotel was that it was so trendy. It looked as though the staff loved the atmosphere more than the guests. But the hotel grew on me the longer I stayed. We spent 4 nights and enjoyed our stay immensely .The bed is huge and very comfortable. The room and bathroom were spacious and ultra modern. Internet was free, the gym had good machines, there was a good selection at breakfast, quite a few soft drinks were provided for free in the mini bar and mostly the staff tried their hardest to provide a service. The only negative thing that I would say is that it could take about 10 minutes at certain times of the day to get a taxi.	
Apr 29 2009 	Best Hotel value in Beijing best Hotel period!	My wife and I went to Beijing for a short romantic getaway and to experience China. Adrianna (hotel manager) was extremely helpful and friendly. She and her staff work very hard to make sure you are taken care of from the moment you walk in the door. She even booked us an amazing acrobatics show nearby and somehow managed to get us third row center seats for around $15! We have never felt so pampered. The rooms are very modern and trendy yet warm and romantic at the same time. Very comfortable beds, and you can even choose from ten pillows that they will bring to your room! We have stayed at five star hotels around the world and are pretty jaded, but Hotel G has a special place in our heart. You just can't beat this lovely hidden gem.	
Apr 29 2009 	Gorgeous hotel - loved it!	Hotel G is a beautiful hotel, and for the price, an even greater treat! The staff was very kind and Kirby (the Reservations Manager) and Alex (the Hotel Manager) were so helpful and willing to do anything for their guests. Loved the breakfast - it was a combination of buffet items and a custom-order menu. The rooms were huge and comfortable - with easily the greatest, most comfortable beds in China! The gym was also very modern with the best equipment and stocked with towels, water, snacks, etc.Check-in and check-out were also a breeze and the Japanese restaurant right next door was great as well as the restaurant right in the lobby. They had a fabulous cheese selection that you probably can't find anywhere else in China. My only gripes were the location and how not one taxi driver is familiar with the hotel. I really had to help all of my taxi drivers navigate because none were familiar with the place. I also thought some of the clientele were obnoxious and self-absorbed. Guests would come back late at night, slamming doors and yelling down the hallways. Incredibly rude, but not the fault of the hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	cosy atmosphere friendly service good attention to detail	stayed there for three nights, selected based on tripadvisor rating, was not disappointed.this hotel clearly intends to have a design edge, and while it's certainly beyond your ikea standard, it feels overdone at places; the rooms are cramped with flamboyant patterns. don't get me wrong, it's still what most people would describe as stylistic, but to my eye accustomed to scandinavian minimalism the room interior design went over the top.beds and pillows were super comfy, the room was spacious. bathroom had a shower and a bath, the latter was higher than usual which was nice. the soaps shampoos and whatnot smelled very good. there was a good and strong wifi everywhere i went to in the building, except men's room in the downstairs restaurant. the macs in the internet room, which had complimentary water, green apples and candy, worked flawlessly and there was a member of staff on duty to, among other things, assist you writing down chinese addresses from the internets. printing a couple of pages did not cost anything either.gym was well-equipped, if a bit small and located as a sort of extension of a normal lobby, and had a nice view to the roof garden and to the nearby roofs. roof garden was really not that special but a nice extra to get fresh air. &quot;two outdoor jacuzzis&quot; were mentioned somewhere but those we did not find. minibar had free soft drinks.they had good attention to detail in too many places to mention here, we had good selection of breakfasts accompanied with a buffet with unexpected extras. you could select the colour of windowside led lighting with a button on the wall. when we came back in the late afternoon they had always brought something edible and nice into the room. the neighbourhood around the hotel is interesting, with bars, food vendors, restaurants and supermarkets. next door there was a friendly grocer/tobacconist.the staff, consisting mainly of cute girls aged around 25 (at least i met mostly staff of that sort) was helpful, friendly, and giggling. their abilities as concierges and english-speakers varied a lot; once we got a spot-on recommendations for a shopping location and an art gallery neighbourhood (other than 798) but once the receptionist was unable to point us really anywhere. all in all the staff, including the two managers who spoke european languages, made us feel like home without being intrusive.based on the website and some of the reviews here i was worried this would be too much a post-trendy-teenager hotel but it was not.i got the feeling that in terms of money/value ratio, considering location and the hotel itself, this place is bit on the expensive side but i would still recommend this to anyone who's not on a shoestring budget. on the streets near the hotel there were neither persistent bicycle taxi drivers nor &quot;students&quot; hassling you with tea rooms or art exhibitions (as near hotels around wangfujing). i feel this is a huge plus in beijing.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Hotel. Very good value.	I stayed in this hotel in mid-March 2009.They were doing a free upgrade at the time and we stayed in a &quot;Great&quot; room. The rates were cheaper than other older, 5 start properties in Beijing. I suspect that this hotel is at least as comfortable and convenient as these other older 5 star properties. As has been mentioned on Tripadvisor, the beds are VERY comfortable. The room (including the bathrooms) was very spacious. There is also a pillow menu with a choice of pillows. The staff are friendly and helpful. The decor is very trendy, all plush dark tones and would in fact be perfect for a romantic getaway. There happened to be a pub quiz in the restaurant while we were there. The pub quiz was fun and the food at the restaurant was actually quite good and not too overpriced considering the location and setting. The location is also convenient. It is near a stretch of clubs and a very good 24-hour restaurant (unfortunately I have forgotten its name. Walk out of the hotel to the main road. It is just across the road). We took taxis everywhere. It inexpensive (there were 4 of us) and convenient. The hotel is very near the Sanlitun area which is good for shopping and nightlife.The only downside to this hotel is that the gym and the business centre (next to each other) are very stuffy (they really need to sort out their ventilation). Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the value for money we got. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Beijing.	
Apr 20 2009 	nice hotel with great service	We booked hotel online. Within a day, we received an email from hotel staff that we were being offered with a complimentary upgrade to a bigger room. Upon arrive at the hotel weeks later, we were greeted by friendly hotel manager Adriana, who personally took us to our room. We ate our breakfast at hotel restaurant 3 days in the raw, and I have to say those the most helpful staff I ever encountered.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent boutique hotel in the heart of the action in Beijing	I stayed one night at the Hotel G on my first ever stay in Beijing. As this was a business trip I did not get a chance to see all the sights and activities around the Hotel but it was clear that the hotel was well located. The trip from the airport was 20 minutes by car. The driver from the hotel picked us up and was very gracious considering he had been waiting over an hour. He spoke English but it was broken but he tried nonetheless.Check-in was a breeze and the staff were friendly and helpful the entire time. I understand service in Beijing hotels is a luxury and not always a given. Rooms were large for a hotel in a country with a billion people. Since this was a boutique hotel I had expected smaller rooms. The sushi restaurant was excellent (lunch) and the burger at the lounge was also excellent.There was definitely a vibe and energy at the hotel. Overall a great stay in Beijing.	
Apr 10 2009 	Nice botique hotel but far from main tourist sites	We just stayed for a few nights at the Hotel G in Beijing. The rooms are huge, well appointed and the beds are some of the most comfortable in any hotel I've stayed in. Bathrooms are clean and there is a separate shower and soaking tub, nice sitting area in the room, big tv, ubiquitous wireless access, and stylish furnishings. The breakfast was very good and the staff, while limited with English, was still very helpful. If I were traveling for business, I would also be very pleased. My only real complaint about the hotel is that I found the location distant to a lot of the things we wanted to do. We couldn't walk to many places other than the Santilun bar district and had to cab everywhere. The subway is a 10+ minute walk. We actually moved hotels after 3 days so that we could be closer to the Houhai lake area, which is a very central &amp; convenient location with mediocre hotels but a great neighborhood. (There we stayed at Guixang 20 which I also reviewed in case this is helpful to others planning out a first trip to Beijing.)	
Apr 9 2009 	Gorgeous unusual style AND incredible comfort and service	Hotel G in Beijing is one of the most wonderful hotels in which I've ever stayed during a business trip. I hope I can come back with my husband for a more leisurely stay.Sometimes one-of-a-kind boutique hotels are so busy being unique that they end up not very user-friendly. This hotel has style, flare, AND comfort. The rooms are large and well-designed, with lots of storage space, a fabulous bed, no-hassle internet connection, gorgeous and spacious bathroom, and excellent work and relaxation space, I really could go on and on.The hotel is in a very lovely section of Beijing (in or near Sanlitun/diplomatic area), on a quiet side street, with a wide range of restaurants within a five or ten minute, very safe, walk. There is also a well-stocked grocery store around the corner.I was able to walk to and from my Beijing office, and walking home at the end of the day felt like coming home -- a wonderful feeling for a woman on a solo business trip.Because of a very minor problem when I first arrived, too trivial to mention, the manager ended up contacting me, and showed me the warmest hospitality I can remember in any hotel. Every member of the staff who I met has been kind and helpful. I am on the road about three months a year, so this is high praise indeed.You can read about some of the delightful amenities this hotel provides in some of the other reviews -- I won't list them all. I found this hotel via TripAdvisor, and the hotel lives up to all of the excellent reviews. I'm not usually the kind of person who cares about &quot;mood lighting&quot; and other such features; all I care about is a well-lit room and well-lit desk. But I completely enjoyed playing with the &quot;mood lighting&quot; in the windows, in the evening!Enough members of the staff spoke enough English to make the stay stress-free, in terms of language issues. The hotel breakfast is terrific. I have not had a chance to try the dinner yet.The in-room safe is large enough for laptops.I plan to stay at Hotel G whenever I come to Beijing again, and I look forward to my next visit. I guess you can tell I love this hotel.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great place and vibe	Wonderful hotel. Very hip. Gorgeous rooms which were big even by American standards. Very comfortable beds. A little dim, but even my parents enjoyed the place. The bar was a nice scene in the evening, and their burger is great. Similar to the Father's Office Burger in Los Angeles. The restaurant across the street is also great, and very affordable if you feel like having some authentic Beijing food. Adriana who I believe is the manager was wonderful....very welcoming. They have a great thing going there. They have numerous breakfast options which are great. Some of the servers were a little confused when we had guests along for our breakfast even though we were willing to pay for them to have breakfast with us. Otherwise, great hotel, and beautiful design.	
Apr 4 2009 	Gem in Beijing!	LOCATION-Hotel G is located at Chaoyang district which is in the city centre. Taxi costs RMB80 from the airport and there is airport bus that takes you to the nearest subway Dongsishitiao which cost RMB16. Dongsishitiao station will take about 15 mins walk from the hotel. There is a local restaurant directly opposite the hotel and a pizza cafe next to it. In addition, there is convenient store just few shops away. There is Sanlitun shopping mall and bars around the area if you prefer to walk (30mins). If not,taxi rides cost RMB10. Taxi is cheap as chips in Beijing and don't try to walk if you don't know the direction. Beijing is really huge! Subway is easy to access to the main attractions and shopping districts.ROOM- The hotel is tastefully decorated in a modern yet nostalgia appeal. Hotel exterior is illuminated in psychedelic neon lights at night. Rooms size exceeded expectation, furnished with modern furnitures,free wireless internet,LCD TV, Ipod docking, contemporary toilet with Loccitane toiletries and free drinks(marked with red) in mini bar is a bonus! The Pillow menu is worth mentioning as it is something we find special and exclusive! The hotel room stardards are really comparable to big names like Grand Hyatt or The Ritz!SERVICE- Front desk staff are fluent in English and service orientated. We checked in at 9am and our rooms are ready. Hotel staff are groomed with stylish uniform and well equipped with necessary information such as direction,restaurants,shopping,places of interests. Breakfast are served in different chioce and taste good!Thumbs up to Hotel G and staff ! They have perfected my stay in Beijing!	
Apr 3 2009 	The BEST HOTEL I've ever stayed in!!	Hotel G is definitely the BEST hotel I've ever stayed in. My partner and I went to Beijing for a five-days holiday. Initially, we chose Hotel G was because of its price and its quite convenient location, it was the cheapest deal we could possibly get so we decided to stay there during our holiday. When we arrived, though there was a little bit of drama when we checked in, it was settled very quickly. I guess the hotel was still new, their staff might not be able to cope perfectly. Before we headed to Beijing, all my friends told me about their experience in Beijing, saying that most of the Hotel staff could not even form an English sentence. So we did not expect easy communication. HOWEVER, I would say it was brilliant because their staff actually talked to us in quite fluent English the whole time. I was surprised in a very impressive way. When we get to our room, we just can't help ourselves but said &quot;WOW&quot;. The room was so big, so spacious and the bathroom was also gianormous. It was really nice. I guess the bed was queen-sized. The TV was a 50 inch LCD. There was also a incredibly comfy couch. And Guess what, all their tolietries were L'OCCITANE. They felt really nice on me when i was having my shower. I remember one night, out of the blue, they send us some free dessert, it was delicious. We spent four nights at Hotel G and I think it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. So if you are planning to go to Beijing, I would definitely say that you should stay at Hotel G. Do check out some of the photos of our room.	
Mar 20 2009 	A boutique feeling in the heart of big Beijing	If you're in a creative business, look for a certain camaraderie in a hotel stay, then I recommend Hotel G, recently opened. No giant tour buses, no vast clattering restaurants. Instead, a warm and surprisingly engaging, and VERY friendly staff, led by Adriana Cuadrado. The rooms are big and well designed, with a good couch area and workspace, &quot;rain&quot; shower in the large bathroom, and other amenities. A very relaxing and airy business center upstairs. The restaurant area has larger tables, great for colleagues to get organized in the morning. I loved it.	
Feb 28 2009 	After Work the best place to stay	Great place to stay after your heavy day....Big Room, Big Bathroom, Big screen LCD TV, Big nice Sofa and the Best BED...	
Feb 25 2009 	Stop your hotel research in Beijing : Go to Hotel G !	I stayed in Hotel G during my last business trip to Beijing. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern and trendy design of the rooms and the lobby. Location is perfect! Just 2 minutes away from Sanlitun and the main restaurants and night clubs in Chaoyang. Service is excellent, deserving its 5 stars, and staff is very friendly but what I preferred were the beds! The pillows and the soft mattress are just amazing…Even better than sleeping in my own bed!!!!!Definitely go back on my next business trip and recommend it to my French colleagues!	
Jan 27 2009 	Fantastic!	Amazing hotel with fantastic Service.For travellers who like less traditional and stuffy hotels, appreciate Boutique Hotels with great design and very good service at very competitive prices, Hotel G will be your best choice in Beijing.Adriana, Guest Services Director and Martin the Concierge were great and made our stay even better with fantastic suggestions complimented with map and addresses, arranged trips and were wonderfully helpful and welcoming. Saying that, everyone who works at this hotel is extremely keen to make your stay memorable and pleasant. No matter whether at Breakfast, evening drink in the Bar or the Housekeepers, all of them have a smile on their faces. Not the norm in Beijing and thus even more impressive.The combination of great design, a fantastic location and wonderful service makes this a true gem in China's capital.I will definitely back!	
Jan 22 2009 	great hotel in a great location	Beijing was freezing when we visited but we were delighted to find the hotel was warm (unlike the frerezing best western in shenzhen!) and located beside all the top night clubs and restaurants, and close to the silk market and on the right side of the city for everything we wanted. concierge very helpful printing out maps of where we were going for the taxi drivers. and they have the most amazing croissants outside of paris! very modern creative design... more for the younger pertying crowd than an older business crowd.	
Dec 29 2008 	Chic Boutique in Beijing	My friend in Beijing referred me to Hotel G. My room was perfect, big and spacious, I stayed there for 4 days, the staff is very friendly. The front desk staff is great, every time I needed to go somewhere they gave me print outs with the Chinese and English address and the map which helped a lot when moving in the city. The fitness centre is small but has quite a good range of new fitness equipment. Also, location is Great easy to move around and near everything! Definitely stay there again!	
Dec 15 2008 	G Is for 'Gorgeous'	I live in Beijing, but I stayed at the Hotel G for a romantic weekend with my fiancee. The hotel staff prepared everything for us ahead of our visit so that there were rose petals at the entry to our room and a chilled bottle of Champagne waiting for us when we arrived.The service, attention to detail and character here are among Beijing's best. We stayed in one of the &quot;Greater&quot; rooms, where the furniture is elegant and sublimely comfortable and the bath fantastic. The bed with feather comforter and mattress cover was unparalleled, and though we didn't take advantage of this, the room had a full menu of pillow options.Hotel G is on a small street just off the main entertainment strip in Beijing, but the G's restaurants are also delectable for those who don't want to go out. 25 Degrees on the first floor serves Beijing's best burgers and hosts DJ parties in the late evenings on weekends as well.When my friends and family come to visit Beijing next time, there is little doubt that I will recommend that they stay here.	
Dec 8 2008 	loved loved loved this hotel	We arrived in Beijing on a cold late November morning, the Hotel G experience from the first welcome to our departure ten days later satisfied all our expectations and more.This well managed, stylish and fabulous hotel, with its large rooms, excellent decor, and excellent service was a treat.Breakfast included the best croissants I have had in a while, and most definitely try the 25 Degree restaurant signature burger.As seasoned travelers, we can highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	much better than expected!	The hotel was recently opend and is a kind of boutique hotel, very nice modern design all over. It is situated in a small side road you would not expect to have such a building. Using a taxi is neccessary but the walk to the underground is just 15min. The rooms are spacious and have everything you need. All shampoo etc. is from L'Occitane and gives you a good feeling, the bed is huge and very comfortable, in front of it you have a large LCD TV with all the international programms needed.The prices for the mini-bar are far to high, but there are littel shops just outside where you can get everything.The best of all is the breakfast. I had it included in my rate. You get a freshly italian coffe, cappucino or whatever you want and a fresh orange juce, you can choose between chineses, japanese or american breakfast. All is prepared just in time. The perfect start of the day. The staff is most friendly and helpful to make your stay as easy as possible.	
Nov 12 2008 	Very stylish hotel G	I am travelling a lot for my job, and it was a pleasure to stay in Hotel G. Ideally located in Beijing near Sanlitun place.Rooms are beautiful, very stylish and cosy. Perfect for a week-end or for a business trip.	
Nov 22 2009 	Séjour inoubliable		
Oct 19 2009 	Inoubliable ...		
Sep 20 2009 	Absolut empfehlenswert		
Aug 31 2009 	Excelente trato y habitaciones de lujo por precio razonable		
May 28 2009 	Un hotel comfortable a un precio acequible muy bien situado		
Jan 6 2009 	modern einzigartig und nicht chinesisch		
