Aug 10 2009 	Good hotel - a bit far from the city center	We stayed in this hotel for three nights and enjoyed our stay. We were in a large room with a free internet connection available directly on the TV. The hotel staff was very friendly although their english was a bit poor.The hotel is located about 15 minutes drive from the city center. Except that it is not really conveniant, it's not a big deal since taxi fares are really low and it is usually easy to find one.We would definitly return it that hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very nice hotel	Hotel was very good although it boasts four stars it's more like three stars. The hotel is owened and run the police dept. !!!! Yes thats right, the cops own and run the hotel. Can't complain really about it. Only thing was after a week of staying there I had to ask them to changethe bed sheets and vacuum the floor. But i mean i had a large flat screen with free internet in my kingsize bedroom. Staff had limited english but were usually willing to help where possible. Infact the manager (female) asked me out one day - lets just say not only the weather was hot....	
Aug 5 2007 	Great Value!	I am writing this review at the Peixin - the computer in the room is an excellent bonus! I have just read the previous reviews and would like to comment that this is my 7th hotel in China and the beds are the same firm matress everywhere, so that is a non-issue. There only IS one English language TV channel - CCTV channel 9 - in China, so you can't blame the hotel for that! Yes, the hotel is a taxi ride from Tian'amin Square but the ride is 12 Yuan - les than $2 - and takes 10 minutes, which makes this hotel great value. The rooms are clean, my single has a king bed, and the room is quite spacious. The breakfast buffet is very good and great value for 20 yuan - served from 6:30 to 9:00. I had a problem with this computer and housekeeping was at my door within 5 minutes to solve the problem. The hotel is non-smoking which is a pleasant change from most hotels in China, and is listed as a &quot;Green Hotel&quot;. I booked on-line and the price was a lot cheaper than the posted rack-rate at the hotel. I would definitely recommend the Peixin - great value for the money.	
Mar 31 2007	very nice hotel	The hotel is very near Hongquiao market and some malls. The staff are quite friendly and helpful, though some may have difficulty in speaking English. You can exchange your dollars to yuan at the front desk. Before going out, ask the front desk clerk to write in chinese characters the place where you would like to go to. The room is big enough for two people. There are no good views though, one side faces a school area and some residential areas. Overall, i think the place is wonderful and i will definitely will stay there again when i go back to Beijing.	
Aug 4 2006	Great	Hotel is nice. Rooms very clean. Front desk staff have limtied knowledge of English BUT they do their best. There is a small gift shop that sells trinkets and personal items should you need them. The hotel is convenient to Pearl Shoping Market. It is about a 10 minute walk. Streets perfectly safe to walk around. There are a few small stores around, a McDonalds just down the street. The morning breakfast buffet at hotel is good. The coffee needs work though. (so does most of China)There is an atm machine in hotel. They also have a currency exchange at front desk. They take most currency at reasonable rates. Beds are firm as in most chinese hotels. There are computers in rooms with free internet access. It can get frustrating using them as they have a Chinese keyboard and you need to type all IN CAPS in order for the English not to convert over to chinese. Still, sending a quick email home without costing anything was great. Limited english speaking television.	
Oct 20 2004	Okay Hotel	Pro's: InexpensiveCon's; Poor location, far from most areas of interest -10-15 minute taxi ride to most major city center sites. Uncomfortably hard beds -like most Chinese state run hotels.	
