	The Whole Family Enjoyed it!!	My boys are half Chinese. We specially chose this courtyard hotel so they could experence the Chinese culture. This is also a first China trip for my husband. He just loves this place and learned how to say the Courtyard (SihouYan) in Chinese. We have two rooms. Each room is decorated with ancient Chinese furnitures, Chinese style wall paper and etc. The room is sparkly clean. The courtyard is beautiful and painted with red, green bright color with ancient styled patterns. The breakfast was included in the price and you need to pre order it the day before. I am a Chinese, but never stayed in the courtyard hotel before. Remember, this type of the courtyard house only exsits in Beijing. The courtyard hotel is nested in the HuTong (Beijing Style Alley). To learn more about the HuTong, please visite the link to Wikipedia at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hutong. There are Beijing people living in the HuToing and good restaurants and shops nearby. The staff was warm and friendly and helpful. My husband had a haircut across the street for $5. It was kind of fun. This was truly a wonderful experience for the whole family.	
Sep 24 2009 	nice courtyard hotel	This coutyard is small but very beautiful. the staff here are very helpful.The highlight is the room.Traditional style and relaxed atomosphere are all amazing.All is perfect.	
Sep 22 2009 	Wonderful and unique experience great friendly staff Hidden Gem!	We had a wonderful time staying in this very charming hotel with traditional Chinese style decoration. The room is clean and comfortable, the staff is friendly and location is close to local attractions. Very unique experience compare to living in a regular 4 star hotel. We love it. If you like to experience the traditional Chinese culture and Beijing &quot;Hu Tong&quot; , it is the place to be.	
Sep 22 2009 	Our trip was great. We really enjoyed our stay!	Our trip was great. We really enjoyed our stay!Overall, its fun and authentic place to stay.Will definitely book St Chr again, if I ever come back to Beijing.	
Sep 21 2009 	Perfect hostel	First time in China and first time in Beijing, excited and good luck for me to live in a comfortable hostel. Brilliant location and friendly staffs. Full of fun with excellent price. Definitely the coming the choice when I am in Beijing next time.	
Sep 18 2009 	Traditional style provides unparallel experiences	The hotel provides me unique experiences with its Chinese traditional style rooms, the ranch is furnished with classic Chinese furniture, yet it is clean and service is great.Its location is great in central Beijing, commuting by public transportation is easy. The landscape with green yard, red wall makes me feel I am in a blend of contemporary and traditional Chinese cultures.Recommended!	
Sep 15 2009 	helpful staff and nice room	The staff was very helpful and spoke very good English. There was a good selection of American and Asian foods for breakfast, and you can order as much as you want for the next day. The highlight was the room. Very cultural, cozy, yet had all the modern amenities. The courtyard made for a very quiet rest.	
Sep 4 2009 	I like spring garden hotel	The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly. The courtyard and rooms had a great ambience, and learning how to make dumplings was a highlight! After exploring Beijing, Spring Garden was a fantastic and relaxing place to return to each evening.	
Mar 18 2009 	Traditional-Peaceful ambiance distinctive beauty	While in the process of booking once again at the Beijing Spring Garden Courtyard Hotel I have some comments with regards to the last opinion I see expressed here. We stayed there also last year during December and while it was cold, we found that the only issue we had was that the heat control was only in Chinese. The front desk responded quickly and showed us how to use it. We all had a good laugh and were fine.We also found that the English spoken, while not native American, was certainly understandable. The staff was very attentive, yet subtle, and even offered us breakfast whenever we awoke ! You must remember that this hotel, even rated at 4 stars, is not comparable with today's modern 4 star facilities in that these buildings are over 800 years old. They have been magnificently restored to provide modern day comforts with disrupting as little as possible of the original living conditions. If you choose to stay there, you are staying to experience the ambiance and sereneness of many years past. You can still hear the sounds of ancient Chinese Hutong life. It is like going back in time.We feel that part of our stay was like being part of the Si He Yuan itself. We are hoping to stay at the Spring Garden II, which is in a more acitve part of the Beijing Hutongs. It is truely an incredible and worthwhile experience. If ancient China has an appeal to you then you really should try this hotel.	
Nov 17 2008 	Not Recommended for Non-Chinese Speakers or During Cold Weather!	This hotel might be ok for a summertime visit, but I arrived in November and it was completely inadequately heated. There was a heating unit attached to the ceiling but it didn't provide nearly enough heat - it was freezing. I ended up leaving and cancelling my stay because I couldn't stand the cold. Also, you can only make local calls from the phone in the room - you can't even use a phone card. I tried to use an IP card to make an international call and it doesn't work - you can only use phone cards at the front desk. Very inconvenient.If you don't speak Chinese I don't recommend staying here - I spoke Chinese so it wasn't a problem, but the staff hardly spoke English at all. Also, be prepared to walk - taxi cab drivers don't know where the place is, so if you don't speak Chinese you'll have a hard time explaining to them how to get there. The staff was very friendly, but it was just too cold there to be enjoyable.	
Jul 19 2008 	The best - loved the Spring Garden in Beijing	A friend recommended this delightful hotel for our stay in Beijing - and I am SO glad we took his advice. Yes, it is a little hard to find, but all the taxis we took when we were out and about found the location. (Once you're at the hotel, they supply you with a map and a card with directions to facilitate your outings. They can also arrange tours and cultural experiences, if you so desire.) Part of its charm is that it's away from the noise and hubub, down an alley, and yet reasonably close to the Forbidden City and Behai Gardens. (Reasonably close by Beijing standards since you still must take a taxi to get there.)The building itself is 800 years old and consists of 8 beautifully decorated guest rooms, all air-conditionned (of course), surrounding two courtyards. I felt as if had fallen through a crack in time. The staff was wonderful; they even prepared a birthday surprise - cake and red wine - for my husband. When it rained they offered us nice umbrellas (sturdy and large) and were available to help us whenever we needed it. Breakfast was yummy - we ate once in the dining room (which is lined with old photos of life in Beijing) and once in the courtyard. You may also eat in your room. You do order the night before - it's a small hotel and the service has an &quot;at home&quot; feel. During our China trip, we did stay at a couple of 5 star highrise hotels, but the Spring Garden gave us the best experience of them all. (We all - my husband and I are over 50 and my son and friend are 25-loved this place.)	
Jun 4 2008 	The Spring Garden Hotel - A taste of life in the Hutongs	We just left the spring garden hotel last week and had a wonderful experience there. This hotel is situated right in the middle of a hutong (for those who don't know, a hutong is basically an old world courtyard style house, one level &amp; usually with a garden in the middle). If you're looking for a highrise luxury hotel then this is NOT the place to go...the Sheraton is a few kilometers away. The room was very comfortable...i think we stayed in room 7. The total number of rooms there were under 10. The decor of the room is typical classic chinese style with a 4 post canopy bed and wooden furniture. The staff at the hotel are great. Unfortunately I never got their names but they were always more than willing to help us with absolutely anything we needed. When we wanted to go out for dinner and drinks, we showed them places we wanted to go to (or often they would suggest places themselves) and they would write it down on a little slip of paper in chinese for the cab drivers to understand. FYI - if you're going to beijing for the first time, communicating with cab drivers can be quite difficult. Breakfast comes with your room rate and is delicious and made to order. Keep in mind that you have to order the night before and they will have it ready for you whenever you wish. There is a Chinese breakfast (dumplings, pork buns, wantons, etc) and a Western breakfast (eggs, toast, coffee &amp; juice). Overall a wonderful experience and really nothing to complain about. Quick tip - there is a minimart at the end of the hutong on the main road. You can get anything there from little snacks to beers for very cheap. If you have any questions or need any info at all about my experience in Beijing feel free to contact me.	
Mar 26 2008 	A Taste of Old Beijing	I stayed only one night at the Spring Garden in Beijing last week when I was there for a 5-day visit. It was a lovely courtyard-style place with traditional decor, located in the hutong area (narrow lanes with low-rise old-style houses - really low) of Beijing with only 8 rooms. I especially loved the evening view of the courtyard when the street lamps cast a hue over the hotel, giving it a charming and romantic look.It certainly was not easy to locate and all three cabdrivers whose cabs I took had some difficulty finding it. It is best to have the hotel name and address pre-written in Chinese on a note to show the driver. For those who prefer hotels with star-ratings and full modern facilities, you should give this a miss. However, for those who are keen on experiencing the old and traditional, this would be a good choice. The place was very clean, and the bed, though hard, was surprisingly comfortable and gave me a very good night's rest (actually, I'd love to get that for my home!). The receptionists (Ziyi and another girl I didn't get the name of) I met there were friendly and eager to offer assistance. Although their command of English was a bit limited, it was not difficult to communicate with them. Breakfast was simple fare, but specially cooked for you according to your preferred timing and selected choice from their menu. I took the receptionist's recommendation of the wonton soup, which was excellent!I would suggest anyone planning to stay here to check out the hotel's photos on the internet or even the hotel's own website before coming. I was quite aware of what to expect before I arrived and the fact that it was smaller than I expected only added to its charm and did not mar the pleasant stay I had there. However, I heard from the receptionist that they had a small group of people from Spain who booked 2 rooms for 5 nights, who arrived, and claimed they did not like what they saw. They left immediately but was pretty annoyed the hotel charged them for one night's stay although they should have also considered that the hotel might have turned away other guests due to their reservations and for a hotel this small, that would have been quite a substantial loss.	
Mar 2 2008 	Lovely quirky friendly and helpful	We stayed at the Spring Garden Courtyard Hotel in January 2008. The hotel is just lovely - it's in a hutong (a traditional Beijing street), very near Tiananmen Square, and is based - as the name would suggest - around a central courtyard. There are only 8 rooms, each beautifully decorated and fitted to a very high standard.The staff were extremely helpful, particularly when we had to spend quite a lot of time unexpectedly rescheduling trains and flights.Breakfast was good and varied, including the option of interesting Chinese dumplings and buns. The hotel also provides a free internet room, which is a big bonus.The best thing about staying in such a small hotel is that it's a very personal experience. We felt like honoured guests for our entire stay.One piece of advice: avoid room 6, which appeared to have some problems with the plumbing, resulting in a slight smell in the bathroom.	
Sep 25 2007 	Spring Garden - a tranquil jewel	We booked a 'deluxe' double room @ 720 yuan at the Spring Garden in early April 07 through travelinchinaguide.com, so were thrilled to see such a great review by all4travelling on 1 May, whose comments we fully confirm. Spring Garden was an absolute jewel and we delighted in our marvellous ‘find’ many times every day!We were in Room #1 (or 8001, as the Spring Garden has just eight rooms, all with the prefix 800) with its own undercover porch outside our door, facing the tranquil small courtyard with its gentle small waterfall over rocks, our possie made more private by a gorgeous fruiting pomegranate tree. There are four rooms on this front courtyard, and four in a rear courtyard (which is not as charming as the front). Rooms #1 and #2 are the top pick.Our room was spotless, with bright Chinese decorations and artifacts, and a huge emperor-sized double bed. When we first tested it, it felt very firm to well, hard; but proved surprisingly comfortable, we slept like babes and began to wonder if our bed at home was actually too soft!The staff were so friendly, accommodating and so generous with their time with any requests, lovely young girls who’s English is improving every day – and on the third day, and young man who was equally friendly and helpful. We spent lots of relaxing hours on our courtyard patio – such tranquil bliss, so peaceful – and in the evening, with our sundowners, softly piped Chinese music to accompany the soft glow of the red lanterns . Magic!As an indication of the level of service – early one morning, we asked reception to call us a taxi. As the response by telephone was deemed too slow, one of the girls changed from her red cheongsam into street clothes, raced to the nearest cross-road, hailed a cab, directed him to the hotel, then puffing ... announced its arrival.We did have a small hiccough with the plumbing drainage (as does a large slice of Beijing) – not with the shower, but with the toilet – but this was fixed immediately using the universally-known ‘black plunger’. Breakfast was included – the western version consisting of ham, egg and toast, and the Chinese version a brown barley soup and steamed dumplings (yum), juice and coffee (loved the kiwi - or Chinese gooseberry - juice). But there was no variation of the brekkie theme, and by the sixth day DH was hangin’ out for some good old cornflakes! ;)We enjoyed our small laneway, Xise Bei 6 Tiao or Nanwei hutong, and strolled its length many times, becoming familiar with the residents who nodded and smiled in recognition – especially the dog walkers with their itty bitty Pekingese – so that we felt a small part of their community.A true gem, stuff that fond memories are made of.	
May 1 2007 	A small quiet hotel in the heart of Beijing	We stayed at the Spring Garden Hotel for 5 nights in April 2007 and had a wonderful time. It is a traditional &quot;Si He Yuan&quot; with 8 rooms located in a hutong. Since it is outside of the standard tourist district, we felt like we got to experience real life in Beijing. The photos on the hotel's website provide a fair representation of the hotel. The staff is wonderful and speaks adequate English. They were extremely helpful with making sight-seeing arrangements. They also hailed a taxi for us when we left for the airport. They even made sure that we had extra bottles of water to take with us on our day trip to the Great Wall. The rooms are located on a single level around 2 separate courtyards and were clean and nicely furnished with antique reproductions. They are also extraordinarily quiet. The beds contain traditional Chinese mattresses and might be considered hard by some. The bathrooms were new and modern and came with the standard amenities (toothbrush, comb, etc.). During our stay, one of the showers began to leak and it was fixed immediately upon request. There were televisions and air-conditioners in each room. Breakfast was included in the price of our room and was served either downstairs in a breakfast area or in the courtyard. They were also willing to pack a picnic breakfast if needed. The choice for breakfast was either &quot;American&quot; or &quot;Chinese&quot; and included as much as you wanted. Dumplings were served in the early evening upon request. Bottled water was included with the room, but other drinks were available for a small fee. A karioke machine was also available for use by guests in the downstairs breakfast area. The location is very central, near many shops and restaurants. A Bank of China with a cash machine is located within a 1/2 block from the hotel (on Xi Shi Street). It is an easy walk to BeiHai Park with its market, restaurants and natural beauty. The # 22 bus runs down Xi Shi Street, through the Xi Dan shopping area and then to Tiananmen Square. Another bus stops about a block away goes to the zoo/aquarium. It is also about a 15 minute walk to the subway (or an easy transfer from the bus to the subway at Xi Dan). Taxis are also easily hailed on Xi Shi street. The 7 year old who was traveling with us wants you to know that the Spring Garden was the best hotel that she stayed at during her entire 2 week trip to China. The adults on the trip concur.	
Oct 19 2009 	?????		
Sep 23 2009 	????????????		
May 7 2009 	Charme en pleine capitale		
Jan 4 2009 	????????		
