Nov 17 2009	Very good location	This hotel has a great history and wonderful location. You can easily walk to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square. The staff was very helpful, 	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent location good hotel	The Jade Garden's location couldn't be better for sightseeing in central Beijing and you can easily walk to Tianenmen Square, the Forbidden City and some of the main shopping districts. We had been staying at a much larger five star hotel for work prior to moving to the Jade Garden and we definitely preferred the smaller hotel's location and more personalised service. The staff were friendly and helpful, although I would recommend trying to book a room rate that includes breakfast. Ours didn't include breakfast and we were constantly harassed during brekkie to ensure that we paid, which was rather annoying first thing in the morning! The rooms themselves were great and I could not fault them for the very good rate that we were paying. The rooms were clean and bright, the beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were modern and clean. The air conditioning in Beijing hotels doesn't ever seem to get cool though, but that was feature at the other bigger hotels too. My friend ended up getting upgraded to a superior room which was really large and very well appointed, so that is definitely worth a few extra pounds. The hotel also has a very interesting history as a guesthouse during the Long March and later became a headquarters for some Communist leaders. I think it was completely redone for the Beijing Olympics and they have certainly done a good job with the revamp. The most annoying thing that happened during our stay was that we were curfewed inside the hotel during rehersals for China's National Day and 60th anniversary of the PRC. We had to stay inside the hotel for over 24 hours, which we would have preferred not to have had to do, but that was a government order rather than anything to do with the property! Besides that, we got to do all the sightseeing that we wanted and the hotel arranged for a taxi to take us out to the Great Wall too.Colleagues of mine are visiting Beijing next April and I have already recommended that they spend a few nights at the Jade Garden and I hope that they enjoy their time there as much as we did!	
Oct 9 2009 	Nestled near the Gardens	The service was impeccable and the room was a very good value. The location was excellent because having been in Beijing several times before we had not had the opportunity to explore this particular area. We appreciated the service. I needed to reconfirm some flights and one of the front desk personnel was kind enough to perform that service.	
Sep 4 2009 	Best Hotel I've had in China	I would just say that I loved this hotel. Staff were extremely helpful, and nice. The room was far better than I expected, with the large flat screen TV, and internet access. Nice big bed also, with a decent mattress. Freebie gifts like bottles of water were also welcome. I also loved how they came to clean the rooms at 3pm rather than early when I'm trying to sleep off a hangover. Bit difficult to find by taxi, since the maps I printed online were for a different place close-by. Also the pictures of the outside, don't reflect the true front of the hotel. The big sign at the top has also disappeared. But its very close to everything, and once you get one of their hotel cards showing the directions in chinese, then you'll have no problems. Ask for their tourist maps with chinese/english, since it was an excellent help to me.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice hotel good location	We stayed at Jade Garden based on a recommendation from our friend who used to live and work in Beijing. We stayed in Beijing for 5 nights and wanted a hotel with a good location. Jade Garden fulfilled that. The hotel is nearby to the Forbidden City, Tienanmen Sq. Wangfujing shopping strip and night market. Restaurants also very close in walking distance.The room was clean and well presented. Flat screen television with 2 English stations, CNN and a movie channel. The bathroom was clean and had all amenities.The staff were friendly and accommodating. Umbrellas were supplied without a necessary deposit. They even delivered a fruit tray on the first night!All in all, a good stay and recommended.	
Jul 12 2009 	Perfect Location	This hotel is in a great location - Beijing is so vast that you could end up spending all your time on the subway or in traffic in a taxi. So to be in a hotel that is within walking distance of the Forbidden City, Tian anmen Square, Wangfui Night Market, Bei Hai park etc was just great. We had executive room which was adequate and certainly value for money. We only ate breakfast in the hotel since there were so many great restuarants close by but that was good. Would definately return.	
May 22 2009 	Great location for Forbidden City area!	Was in Beijing for a few days with friends. This hotel was within walking distance to the forbidden city and close to nightlife areas. The only negatiive was the restaurant. There is much better food up the street at the outdoor market! But a real find for easy access to Beijing.	
May 12 2009 	Double check your snack bars 	My husband and I stayed in Jade Garden Hotel for a week. It started with disappointed double bed room. The room was okay size but there are &quot;no drawers&quot; for us to put our clothes. 6 Day stayed in Jade Garden Hotel, we had to leave our clothes in our luggage. The closet was extremely small. Very stupid design for customers hanging their clothes. Maximum clothes we can hang in there...4 clothes!! Bathroom was okay but water drained so slowly from bathtub. We mentioned to front desk but not sure if they really &quot;fixed' or not. It feels like a cheap hotel bathroom. Free Internet Access : Gosh...most of times were very slow. Sometimes when we woke up in the middle of night to use PC, internet was much faster. Well, those were minor things we were not happy with. The most disappointed part was &quot;one coke&quot; was missing from our room's refrigerator. We found out on last day before we completed check out process. I told them... &quot; tell me who come to our room to drink our coke from our refrigerator&quot;. It's ridiculous !! We went to different countries and stayed in different hotel. Some expensive and some cheap hotels and never had any issues with someone drank our drink from our room. Of course, they wanted to cover Hotel reputation. They changed tone by saying...we probably forgot to fill in new one when previous guests checked out. Then, they returned my CNY 200 deposits back to us. Come on, I double checked everything at first night when we checked in. Now, at least one thing I should thank for is “they have safety box’ inside of closets and we also bring a lock to lock our luggage. For a security of personal stuff, bring a lock to lock your luggage. Never said never…!!	
Feb 20 2009	Excellent location clean comfortable with good service	This Hotel has an excellent location, walking distance form the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, night food market and good shopping locations. In addition it is clean, comfortable and well managed. Furthermore it is a historic building that was completely renovated to a high standard less than 10 years ago. Its prices are competitive if not cheap and you definitely get what you pay for. It is less than 10 minutes walk from the excellent subway system and there are plenty of good restaurants to be found nearby. Staff are friendly and helpful highly recommended.	
Oct 18 2007 	Nice Little Hotel with a Difference (from the hotel chains).	I stayed in a standard room on level 4 @ the hotel for three nights recently as a single guest. The room was average in size but was very clean and tidy. It offered all the normal comfort and supplies you would fine in any international hotel chains. What sets it apart from the hotel chain properties is the service. Service was there before I could finish requesting it! Well, just about. The location is excellent. The price is very competitive. I must add that I am a Chinese speaking guest and I can not comment on the staff members' English proficiency. They were always ready to help neverhteless.	
Jul 5 2007 	Good choice in central Beijing	The Cui Ming Zhuang is a pretty good choice for hotels in Beijing. As other reviewers have said, it is in a convenient location, and the rooms are pretty nice and very clean. The staff is efficient and polite, and my requests for towels and room amenities met with rapid, polite response. My room was rather strange, in that the window overlooked the dining room, and did not give on the outside, so there was no way to get fresh air; however, the air in the summer in Beijing is not particularly fresh, anyway, so I did not perceive this as a problem.Hotels in China seem to have their air conditioning programmed so that the cooling (but not the fan) turns off sometime in the night, no matter where you have the thermostat set., Cui Ming Zhuang was no exception -- we would come back in the afternoon to a very chilly 20 deg (68 deg F) room, not change the thermostat, and by morning it would be a somewhat stuffy 25 deg (77 deg F).	
May 21 2007 	Decent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel on two separate occassions during a three week trip to China. For location, you cannot do better. You can actually see one of the gates (not an entrance though) to the Forbidden City from the sidewalk in front of the hotel. Tiannamen and Beihai Park are 10-15 minutes walks. One block away in the opposite direction contains great shopping and some Western restaurant options. The rooms were clean and in very good condition. HINT: ask for a room on the second floor or higher. The room on the first floor was noticeably smaller than the room on the third floor during our second stay. The first floor bathroom was also smaller and apparently traditional for Chinese guests, with no tub, a hand held shower head and a wooden grate over a drain. The third floor bathroom contained a traditional bathroom. One drawback was the limited English skills of the staff, although they were very earnest and tried very hard to provide assistance. The best English speakers were the overall hotel manager and oddly, the dayshift bellhop. Our expectations were also tempered by the understanding that we were traveling in China and English speakers are a luxury. A second drawback was the A/C units in both rooms. Neither made the rooms very cool. Both thermostats were set at the lowest setting of 15 Degrees Celsius, although the room temperature never approached this level. Also, the cleaning staff would always readjust the thermostat to 25 degrees while we were out during the day. The breakfast buffet at 68 yuan (about $9) was very decent. Except for the AC issues, overall a very good hotel.	
May 14 2007 	very good hotel at a very good price	I just returned from Beijing and stayed for a week at the Cui Ming Zhuang. Be aware that the hotel is also known as the Jade Garden Hotel. That´s what the sign in front of the hotel says.The location is excellent... 2 blocks from Wangfujing Street, 2 blocks from the Forbidden City.The hotel was very good. It was remodeled last year so everything is new and clean. The breakfast buffet has western and chinese food for 68 yuan per person. You can get a cheaper breakfast at a cafe about a block away if you are going towards the Forbidden City... I think it´s called Gate Cafe or Egate Cafe.The only downside to our stay was the limited English of the staff. The man at the travel counter and in the gift store spoke no English at all. Regardless, they try to be helpful and have a good attitude.They have standard rooms and suites. We reserved our room through [--] for 490 Yuan a night for a standard room.	
Feb 4 2009 	ien situé !		
