Nov 26 2009 	Best place for travelers	Hotel was very nice, the room was wonderful and really fit the price. We got 9 nights in the hotel and we were very please and happy . we got a lot of fun and enjoyed our trip. We got really nice services with the staffs. And very honest.Thank for the hotel’s service . you are great you did very good job.	
Nov 21 2009	Good 3 star with WONDERFUL staff	Beautiful lobby, best staff - very helpful and competent. They were always willing to go the extra mile for our demanding group. Great suggestions for things to do especially since we had several free days. Excellent location near the best fake goods shopping at the Silk St. Market. HAGGLE LIKE HECK there and be prepared to get a headache very quickly. Also, loved having the great hot pot restaurant around the corner (don't eat at McDonald's - this was the ONLY place in China who's food made someone in our group ill). Hotel had great breakfasts, especially the custom soup bar and dim sum. Did enjoy the thai chi entertainment. Of the three hotels we stayed at, this had the best location and food but was definitely not a 5 star in terms of room. Room was somewhat conventional and small. But the maid was very diligent and conscientious about keeping room spotless and well stocked. The pool, fitness center while very nice, took forever to get to. Bathroom amenties were the worst, poor quality shampoo etc. Glad I'd bought my own. Overall would say to stay but don't have high expectations of the room itself.	
Oct 16 2009 	Nice hotel.	Nice hotel. The position was excellent and the staff was very helpful. Would stay again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good hotel - worth a stay!	I stayed one night at the New Otani in September 2004. This Japanese style hotel was recommended to me by a friend from Beijing, so I had high hopes. I wasn't dissapointed. Good rooms. Good location (good Peking duck restaurant nearby). Nice swimming pool and Japanese bath facilities. Nice breakfast with plenty of choice. Would probably return, as there's so many hotels in Beijing to choose from - at least I know that one was good.	
Aug 8 2008	Central Location Comfortable Hotel	As part of a tour group package, we stayed 4 nights at the New Otani Chang Fu Gong Hotel in Beijing. The hotel is centrally located on Chang An Avenue, the major east-west artery that runs past Tien An Men and the Forbidden City. It is a good choice if you cannot afford to stay at the luxury hotels near Wangfujing Avenue. The public areas are top notch and very well maintained. There is a casual buffet restaurant and a pricier Japanese restaurant onsite. The rooms can comfortably sleep 2 (but probably not more) and the furniture and condition of the room was fine. The beds were quite firm and comfortable and the duvets made for a good night's sleep. Our view was over the busy Chang An Avenue. One of the best features of the hotel package we received was the daily complimentary breakfast buffet that included both Asian and Western breakfast items. There was a huge selection. The hotel complex contains a health club that includes a huge squash court, indoor swimming pool and fitness aerobic room. The spas included separate mens and womens soaking tubs and saunas. The Line 1 and Line 2 subway station Jianguo Men is an easy few minutes walk from the hotel. It requires walking on the pedestrian underpass access of a very busy intersection, but not much of a problem as long as you cross with the locals. The hotel is a ten minute walk to the touristy Silk Market and Friendship Store, as well as a Sizzler, TGIF, 7-11 and Haagen Daas when eating chinese food everyday becomes burdensome. Overall the central location was a hit with us and I would consider returning.	
Mar 6 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	The New Otani is a great hotel. It was very lovely and did live up to boasts on the various websites. It is a very modern hotel with very Euro/Modern furniture. The hotel room was roomy, very clean, the staff in the restaurant, business center, front desk and all throughout the hotel were very helpful. You can tell that the Chinese in this hotel have studied hospitality and demand that all of it's employees practice it. It was a in a great location in central Beijing, near restaurants and shopping. The ammenities that you would expect to find in a 5* hotel are all there, including sattelite TV, internet access, etc. There were a total of 6 of us who stayed in 3 rooms and we all were quite satisfied with the hotel.	
Nov 2 2007 	classy hotel	Luxury hotel with elegant, clean and well-equipped rooms. Unforgettable tasty and wide-ranging breakfast and dinner, served in a elegant restaurant overlooking a peaceful inner japanese garden. Further thematic restaurants (i.e. japanese) on the first floor. Swimming pool, indoor tennis/basket/volleyall courts and luxury day-spa with beauty salon inside the hotel. We totally loved our stay here!!!! The unique imperfection regards the restaurant waiters, absolutely not appropriate to the standard of the hotel.	
Jun 8 2007	Great location	Stayed at the New Otani Beijing for three nights. Best of all about this property is the location. Great indoor pool and fitness room. Had the best Peking duck dinner next door at a restaurant called Duck King. Also next to the hotel, right next to McDonalds is great massage place that was very classy, clean, with great service. We like the massage place so much that we visited for two consecutive nights. The downside about this hotel is the worned out carpet and the bathtub/shower in the rooms we stayed in. Otherwise the hotel is reasonable and the breakfast is adequate.	
Apr 12 2007 	We would stay at the Otani again	My family stayed at the New Otani in late March while we were in Beijing as part of a three-city China vacation. The Otani was our favorite hotel during the trip. The lobby was spacious and the staff were eager to help you with bags, questions, etc. The rooms were fine, but ours was a smoking room which we did not like. We called the lobby and they sent someone up promptly with some air freshener spray. Breakfast was good as well. The dining room was big so you didn't feel crowded with other guests. And the wait staff were quick with more coffee and to take your dish when you were done. The only bad thing was that the hotel was located on a busy road so you couldn't really cross the street unless you went to the overpass. We sort of felt like we were away from the city center a bit. We would stay there again though the next time we're in Beijing.	
Mar 3 2007 	Great Value for Money	Stayed here on business for 1 week at the end of January. Found the check in and lobby to be quite pleasant. The lounge is a bit small but Beijing has so much to offer theres not much point staying in. Room size was very good and bed very comfortable. Bathroom was spotless. Hotel staff very friendly and generally efficient. I found the western breakfast to be a bit average but the asian breakfast looked good however theres only so much Chinese food the body can take.The best thing about the hotel is the location, just 2 minutes by taxi to the silk market (where you can buy the best fake goods), Anything you can think of, just ask and they will have it. Remember to pay only about 20 percent of the asking price at most. Tianeman square/forbidden city is 15 minutes by taxi Which should only cost the equivalent of 2 US Dollars.Hotel rate very reasonable and overall I found the hotel to be excellent value for money.	
Jan 26 2007	Nice	Very nice lobby, decent size rooms and beds, helpful employees. A nice perk is the tap water is drinkable and the location is central. Close walk to malls and restaurants.Also, the complimentary breakfast was exceptional.Stayed here two nights and would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 31 2006 	Safe Choice	Convenient location for both business and tourist. All the cab drivers know where it is. Hotel food is adequate or above average with the Japanese being the better choice. Since it is a hotel under Japanese management, showers and bathroom facilities can be on the short side and not designed for westerners. No joke! :) I did find it kind of odd since two of my business colleagues started to joke about it. Room is of decent size and clean enough. It needs a little updating. The lobby bar is of decent size and is a good place to unwind after a day of sightseeing/meetings.	
Nov 2 2006	Lovely thought not quite a Westerner's dream	This was my second stay in thishotel while on a tour of China.The facility is really lovely and the rooms are quite nice. As with many hotels in China, the level of English fluency is fairly thin: fine when they are first talking to you (as at chekc-in) and can speak in the standard phrases, but lost once you start asking questions. Your best bet is to keep your eyes and ears open for the ONE really good English speaker on duty at the moment -- and there usually is ONE -- and try to get him or her to handle your request.This chain is Japanese-owned, and that is apparent to a Western sensibility in small ways. You may find that a plus or a minus.The breakfast buffet is quite good. The business center staff was very helpful and competent. Porters and door attendants polite and attentive.The staff was very helpful when I wanted to buy a bottle of wine as a gift for someone in my group: they let me purchase it from the Western restaurant in the hotel, even though it was not yet opened for the day.I'm not that crazy about the location, as i like to walk around the neighborhood a bit when I'm in a city, and it doesn't feel that central. On two sides, it is hemmed in by huge elevated highways, so your walking choices are limited. though our guide claimed there was no such central area that was more commercial for walking.Overall, I was pleased with my stay there.	
Mar 10 2006	New Otani was a great Beijing stay	We stayed here as part of a tour group. It was the 1st city on our 2 week China trip. It's mostly a Japanese business hotel and a few tourists. The breakfast buffet was very good and they had live cooking stations as well. Lots of choices.The rooms were very clean and nice sized and quiet. The staf was very friendly, though they speak more Japanese than English. It's centrally located and about a 20 min walk to Tianimen Square. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Apr 29 2005	Great Location	Stayed in New Otani in April 2005. Great location. Hotel room was decent size. Part of a tour package. Room was very clean and quiet. Buffet breakfast was part of package. Breakfast was fine. Staff spoke decent English. One block away from a shopping center and the Beijing Frendship store. 10 minutes away from the Forbidden City. Expedia lists it as 2 star its closer to a 4 star. Tour stated it was 5 star. Nothing really special to make it stand out except for location.	
Nov 8 2004	Quality Stay	We stayed here last year and had a very comfortable stay. The rooms are very quiet and comfortable. However, the rooms are nothing fancy and are in need of updating. The breakfasts were very good and more than ample. There is a choice of two buffets, Western and Eastern. The service and staff were great and attentive and spoke English to a small extent. We will be staying here again Spring, 2005	
Oct 5 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 29 2009 	??????????????		
Aug 29 2009 	?????????		
Jul 26 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 17 2009 	???????????		
Mar 21 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 16 2009 	????????????????		
Mar 11 2009 	????????????		
Mar 8 2009 	?????????????????		
Oct 29 2008 	???????????????		
Oct 28 2008 	????????????		
Oct 14 2008 	??????????		
Sep 23 2008 	Gutes Mittelklasse Hotel aber keine 5 Sterne nach deutschem Standard		
Sep 20 2008 	???		
Sep 18 2008 	?????		
Sep 3 2008 	??		
Aug 29 2008 	????????????????????		
Aug 13 2008	??????		
Jun 8 2008 	Pratique pour affaire		
