Oct 6 2009 	Good Quiet Hotel near Forbidden Ciy	When we stayed here in July '09, the beds were what we in the US call &quot;double beds&quot;, meaning two adults could sleep comfortably enough, unlike what many Chinese hotels call double beds which are really between a twin and a double and do NOT fit two adults comfortably. We had one room with two double beds for our family of four, and it was fine, much like, say, a Marriott. The marble tiled bathroom had a nice feature: a glassed in shower in addition to a tub with a shower, so two people could shower at the same time (perfect for our two kids). There was free WiFi in each room but we didn't pack our laptop. You could rent a laptop right in your room (or was it a desktop?) but we used our BlackBerry to check email and write to our blog so we didn't go that route.Our view was okay--looked out over Beijing. From rooms on the other side of the hotel, though, you could see the roofs of the Forbidden City, the back end of which is about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. Just outside the hotel door and to the left is a busy shopping street with restaurants. Further down the street, away from the hotel, the street is busier with more shopping opportunities if that suits you (not important to me on this trip). The staff were responsive when we needed them but we didn't have any problems so we didn't really test them. Check out was as expected: quick and accurate. The breakfast buffet is filled with Western and Chinese dishes. We didn't eat any other meals there so can't speak to that.Over all, this was a safe, quiet hotel, which is exactly what I want when I'm in a city.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Beijing Hotel In Comparison	We stayed at one of their club level rooms in Sep 2007 for our 10 days holiday. Compare with the Best Western and Hiltons we stayed for long weekend breaks in the UK, we found the hotel was very clean with excellent services. We had own Breakfast area on the Club Floor - With plenty choice. Free afternoon tea and cakes - A plus for me! . Check in &amp; out were smooth without any problems. Walking distant to the central shopping district. Tips: If you are looking for reasonable priced and clean food, walk to the shopping district. There is a food hall called &quot;FoodRepublic/dashidai&quot; in the &quot;Oriental Plaza&quot; Shopping Centre where you could see the real finish dish or picture before your order.	
Sep 10 2009 	Old hotel very central	Big entrance, but rooms a bit out of date. Needs some renovation, I would say it is a better 4 star hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent hotel -one of the best I have ever been to	I spend a week at the Prime Hotel on Wangfujing. The room was very comfortable and very big (the hotel offers some of the largest in rooms in Beijing I was told), had a sofa and a large desk with free internet. The bed was excellent. I liked the bathroom: very clean and stylish. The hotel supplied comfortable white slippers, toothpaste, toothbrush, combe, soap, all the luxury. The service was very good. My overall experience was that it felt like a home and provided a great escape from the often noisy streets of Beijing.The location is great for Beijing, close to the main attractions, the shopping streets, som of the old hutongs. The subway is about a 10 minutes walk, but there are buses to the subway station (for those who dare using them) or otherwise there are always taxis in front of the hotel. Taxi is one of the easiest ways to travel in Beijing anyway and they are very reasonably priced.The only downside is that the pool is rather cold.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed 4 nights at the Prime. Beds very comfortable, room extremely quiet and clean, apart from slightly grubby carpet. They supplied electric kettle and coffee and tea, and a minibar with space for our own drinks. Also free bottles of mineral water each day. Super bathroom with separate shower, which was excellent. Slippers and bathrobe supplied. Ate one evening in buffet which was expensive and not all that good, but we discovered they did good food in the coffee shop much cheaper so recommend that if you don't want to go out. But there are lots of cheap places to eat nearby. We found the room decoration a bit dark but it's Chinese style, and the furniture was in perfectly good condition and comfortable. Breakfast buffet was huge and excellent. Location is good, lots of small shops nearby and a supermarket a block away for supplies. Staff very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommended.	
Feb 2 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed here for three nights during a tour of China (our second tour of China) and this was our first destination on the tour.The hotel was an excellent standard, with good food and excellent accommodation.The hotel is situated centrally not far from Wanfujing which is the main shopping street in Beijing... the Oxford Street or 5th Avenue. It is also not far from the Tiannenmen Square, Forbidden City, Drum Tower and Bell Tower.We didn't eat dinner in the hotel but we did enjoy the excellent and wide-ranging breakfast. There are many eating places nearby and all the key sights are handy.	
Feb 2 2009 	Plus Points for Prime!	We enjoyed our stay at Prime which was just about faultless. It's location is its main plus point with great shopping and all the sights nearby. The 'local' shopping is also good and there's a supermarket nearby to get all the little stuff you need for your day trips (although we struggled to find fresh fruit). There's also a lovely little chain bakery about a 5 minute walk next to Dongsi station (opp corner from supermarket) which is good value and has a cosy seating area and possibly wifi (i was too busy stuffing my face on a delicious apple danish and thick hot chocolate too notice but someone nearby had their laptop out).We stayed on the 9th floor which had a nice view over the city (or what you can see of it). Like the last reviewer, our room was 'classic' but had some modern touches like a huge Plasma, nice throws, bedrunner etc It certainly wasn't run down and it looked like it had recently been renovated. The bed was huge and very comfy. The bathroom was spacious with both a bath and seperate shower.We didn't have a breakfast package but we did sample room service was really delicious, keenly priced and efficient. We both had a heavy cold for the few days we were in Beijing and after our day trips we really appreciated coming 'home' to a nice warm room, free HBO movies and that huge comfy bed. The staff were pleasant but their english was limited. The hotel seems popular with local businessman and the coffee shop/bar was always busy. Overall, a great stay and i'd highly recommend this place. Beijing was amazing and I can't wait to visit again. We had english speaking private tour guides for each day trip (we booked these through Flight Centre) and it was great to get the personal touch plus getting picked up and dropped after each tour. We also got the first day of snow on the Great Wall at Badaling which the Chinese consider lucky. It was amazing...don't hold off visiting China, it's a blast and the people are lovely. Happy travels!	
Nov 18 2008	An OK Hotel	When I was in Beijing, I was supposed to stay in other hotel, but my travel agent changed in the last minute for this one, stating that this one was better located!No doubt about that, an excellent location in Beijing, but personally I didn't like the hotel! Very old furniture, bathroom didn't look fresh, the bed sheets had some dust on it...I had to close my eyes and try not to think and notice in these things, so I could have a pleasant stay in Beijing!The only things that I liked was the breakfast and again, the location!But I would recommend other hotel! Not a 5star hotel like they announce it!	
Sep 23 2008 	Good value better location	This Chinese-run hotel is located in the heart of Beijing. A perfect jumping off point for western tourists visiting the red capital. This hotel is definitely not 5-Star and may not win any awards for service. But the rooms are clean, the beds are soft, and the breakfast buffet is bountiful.A perfect place for families and tourists who are looking for something between holiday inn and four seasons.If you want facilities like a nice pool and gym, then look elsewhere. That would be the biggest shortcoming.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Value and Nice Hotel	Prime was a nice hotel. Location was pretty good and for the dollar, it was an excellent value. The pictures on the website both here and on the hotel's website do it justice. It's about 4 or 5 blocks (1/4 mile) from the pedestrian section of the Wangfung Street mall. That's close enough to enjoy, and far enough to be slightly off the beaten path and not feel like a tourist. Also, if you are budget traveler like me that enjoys a good value and using the local transport, then you're as close to a metro as you can get. You probably half to walk 10 minutes, and it only costs about 20 US cents. It doesn't go everywhere but it does go a few places (Lama Temple, Tiananmen Square, Temple of Heaven Prk). The door en were great too, and got taxis for you without hesitation. They also helped give directions. I use the matchbox from the ashtray in the dining room to show taxi drivers what hotel I was staying at (also has the address and phone number in Chinese). It has the name and address, so just flash it to the tax drivers, and they'll get you home. Taxis are very inexpensive. And you are about a 25 minute walk to Tiananmen Square.Lots of folks on this site said they didn't do the restaurant. Personally, we had breakfast there several mornings and one lunch and one dinner. There are other options around for lunch and dinner, but the food is good and the prices are actually reasonable (for the buffet restaurants). It's easy to feel like you're paying too much because you can go out and hunt down cheaper food, but in reality I'd pay the same or more if I went out here for any one of those meals in the states to just an average restaurant. The buffets were well stocked, and I never came close to eating the wide variety of items they had.The room was nice size, and they did a great job with housekeeping. Firm beds, but very comfortable, and great pillows. Bathroom was well stocked, clean and good size.We work out regularly and used the gym. It's older equipment and not great in quality, but it will get you through for a vacation. While we were there they re-carpeted the gym and surrounding areas - that would have been my only real complaint, and they addressed it. Saw folks coming and going to the pool, but we never used. Only strange thing is that the hallway to the gym and pool is real dark - for some reason they keep the lights off. Only Complaints or Advice: There is monitor in the room with premium movies (in addition to the HBO you get included) and Internet Access (if you have wireless, it's free). I was investigating it and somehow on the final bill it appeared I had logged in for .01 second and got charged for one day's use. The difficult part is that we left about 4:30 am and no one spoke English, so we couldn't get it resolved. It's minor in the grand picture, but if you are leaving at off-hours, perhaps you want to review your charges the day before during business hours when there will be staff who speak English. Only other tip, is that we hired the hotel car to take us to the airport at that 4:30 am time on a Sunday. Though it was about triple or quadruple the rate for a taxi, we figured it was a good investment to get to the right terminal. Sure enough, the driver didn't speak any English, nor did any staff at the hotel at that time, and we got dropped at the wrong Terminal for our flight. We had enough time to take an airport coach to the right one, but save your dime and just get a taxi (there were plenty even at 4:30 on a Sunday morning). The car was ok, but it wasn't anything special - just slightly nicer than a taxi.	
Jun 17 2008	Good Location	Good Chinese hotel older style but clean and staff did there best to help where needed.Location is good at the north end of Wangfujing road walking distance to the shops and restaurants and only 12 to 14 RMB for a taxi ride to most major attractions in Beijing. We book a Royal Regency Club room which gave us two rooms and breakfast.	
May 1 2008 	Above average	We spent 4 nights at Prime Hotel in April 2008. Location: The hotel is located at the Wangfujing Str. (Dongsi Str. crossing). 5-10 mins walk to the biggest shopping malls at Wangfujing. The nearest Subway stations are: Dongsi (10 mins walk) and Wangfujing (20 mins walk). It takes about 20-30 min to get to the Forbidden City - depending which gate you choose. It is about 40 mins by taxi from the Beijing Capital Airport. The fare should not exceed 100-140 yuan if you take the official taxi (beware of scam taxi or unauthorized taxi drivers).Room: We have chosen the &quot;Royal Regency Club Floor Room&quot;. The room was spacious (ca. 40 sqm) and had everything what you could expect from the 4 star hotel. We have paid ca. EUR 130 per night (2 persons), the breakfast was included. TV with few English channels (CNN, ESPN). Free broadband internet access (wired) in the room. Both shower and the tub in the bathroom. As the Club Floor guest you get a separate check-in on the Club Floor (on the 10th floor). There are some snacks/coffee/tea offered in the afternoon in the Club Lounge.Dining: the breakfast was OK. We did not eat the lunch or dinner there. I do not recommend the hotel bar - quite expensive and nothing special to offer.Summary:We were satisfied both from the room and the service we got. The biggest advantage is the location. The Forbidden City, Tienanmen Square, shopping malls at Wangfujing - everything in walking distance. The price is above average as for the Beijing, however it is adequate to the value you get.	
Mar 5 2008 	OK first-class hotel	We chosed this hotel for our first three days ever in China. All in all, we were not disappointed. This is a good chinese first-class hotel, and we got a good price, far below the +500 USD/night as advertised on Tripadvisor.Some problems: There was a slight smell of sewer in the bathroom, and all meals at the hotel was extremely expensive. The pool was a bit to cold to be enjoyed. The location is OK but not perfect as you have to walk some blocks to get to the main shopping centers. Many in the staff only spoke Chinese.One big applause toes to the concierge team. Spoke good English, helped us in any way possible, always positive and expedient. Well done!	
Jan 18 2008 	An excellent value	Stayed in this hotel for 5 days last summer and enjoyed it thoroughly. Service, as I have experienced in most Chinese hotels is very good and the room size was fine for a standard room. I also appreciated a roomy bathroom and firm bed.The only downside I saw to this hotel was the location on end of Wafujing road. I think it would have been more convenient to be centrally located on the main drag, however the location still puts you near plenty of shops/restaurants. Being on the end Wafujing, I also didappreciate that you could venture out to the more hole in teh wall type restaurants that really do not cater to tourists at all.. we found some incredibly cheap and tasty eats within a few minutes walk.We had Chinese speakers in our group, but I did notice that the staff spoke very limited English when compared to some of the other hotels I have stayed in Beijing /Shanghai.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great hotel service buffet	We stayed at the Prime as during our honeymoon; I let them know it when booking and our room was upgraded!The breakfast buffet was one of the best we tried in Asia!The staff was very kind and helpful; the concierge was able to suggests great restaurants and entertainment; they helped us with the taxis, even to book one to go the great wall.Location is also convenient for walking and shopping.Want to try other than typical chinese food too? ask for a korean grill nearby.We would stay at the Prime again. Prime location, room, service, food, people!	
Nov 30 2007 	Great hotel	This is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. My room was clean and the bed was very comfortable! The bathroom was larger than most hotel rooms that I have stayed in. The staff was friendly and accomodating. I had a problem with my electrical adapter and I was in the lobby for about 10 minutes trying to figure why it didn't work and by the time that I got back to my room, they had already put in an adapter for me. Great service! Great value for the money I paid also (approx. $90USD).	
Oct 15 2007 	Nice but old hottel	He stayed here one night on the way back to the states. Compared to the Hotels that we stayed at out in the sticks the Prime was absolutely wonderful.Let's be a little realistic here, the Prime is an older hotel. As such, it has a few chips in the paint and a few eccentricities. However, the room was clean and (unusual for China) actually didn't smell like cigarettes, the bed was nice, the sheets were clean, the food was good and the location is wonderful.I won't say that the Prime is the best hotel I've ever stayed in but it is certainly a nice hotel and it is a great spot for your Beijing adventure. A good recommendation on this one.	
Sep 10 2007 	Pretty Good for American Travelers	We chose this hotel based on its rating on TripAdvisor. The rooms were fine and the non-smoking was actually true. They had nice bathrooms and computers in each room for easy Internet access. Our only challenge was with English spoken by the front desk and the concierge. We struggled to communicate and have them find things on our map or make reservations. However, it was a fair price and a good location. Would recommend for several nights.	
Jul 20 2007 	Wonderful location wonderful hotel	We stayed at the Prime Hotel based on a recomendation from our travel agent, who has stayed there himself.The Prime is conveniently located at the quiet end of Wangfujing, Beijing's modern shopping area with lots to see and do. It's also a reasonable walking distance to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City.We opted to stay on the Club Level for a little more money (about $30 more, so $129 per night). At the Club Level we had a wonderful suite, our own concierge and our own longe for drinks and a buffet breakfast. You should really consider staying in the Club Level!The hotel was very professionally managed, very clean and modern and the staff was very helpful and friendly. It was a wonderful hotel and we will stay there again on our next trip tp Beijong.	
Jun 23 2007 	The Prime Hotel... Prime Location...Disapointing Hotel	The Prime Hotel had big rooms and a great location within walking distance of the Forbidden City and the Wang Fung, but those were the only perks. We changed rooms several times upon our arrival, in an attempt to find a room that did not have a mildew problem, before finally settling on the first room we were given. Even this room had a shower that was unusable because of the mildew problem. In addition the food in their restaurant was only marginal at best. Next time I go to China I will only stay in American brand hotels, which seemed to be held to much higher standards.	
Jun 13 2007 	Prime hotel gets a prime review	This was our first trip to China and we were a little intimidated, but once we arrived at the Prime hotel in Beijing we felt at ease. The front desk staff and concierge were very friendly, helpful, and spoke English fairly well. The bell boy even walked us down the street to a local resturant for dinner. The room was large, very clean and modern. For us the location of the hotel was perfect, we were able to walk to the forbidden city, tiananmen sq, temple of heaven, and several markets. I would definitely stay at the Prime hotel again, and I suggest you do the same.	
May 29 2007	Found the Prime less than Prime	Just returning from a stay at the Prime. I upgraded to the Regency Club room and while the room was adequate, it was no great shakes. The biggest problem with the hotel is the totally inefficient air conditioning. The room was stifling and the air was dead. It became quite uncomfortable. Forget the exercise room. The stationary bikes are hazardous and the lights went out half way through my workout for no reason.The rooms are a little dated but passable. And generally, the service ranged from ok to poor and indifferent. Perhaps I was spoiled by stays at the Xiamen Sheraton (great hotel) and the Hong Kong Harbour Plaza (likewise), both of which I found through TripAdvisor, but I can't recommend the Prime. Pony up a little extra and stay at one of the Western chains.	
May 18 2007 	Great hotel handy location!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in 2005 after deciding on it after reading all the reviews on this site.We were upgraded on arrival and had the most gorgeous room with two showers (!) and a bath. The view was nice too with a temple in the distance that the sun would set behind (all the air pollution createsstunning sunsets!) The breakfast was great and would set us up well through the day. The pool area is a bit dingy and they make you buy these ridiculous hats to swim in! It's too cold to stay in the pool so I wouldn't bother but doesn't affect your stay. The hotel is about5 mins walk from the main shopping area of Beijing which is always buzzing and fun to wander around.I had read that the hotel staff don't speak much English, but then no one does in China and we never found it to be a problem. We caughttaxi's everywhere and would get the staff to write our location in Chinese characters and then show it to the tax driver.We had a great holiday in Beijing and in particular want to recomment&quot;Eddie&quot; a driver who we hired to take us to the Great Wall of China. We were given his business card one night and hooking up with him wasthe best idea of our trip. For approx $100 he took us two two different sections of the wall and patiently waited (a long, full day). His English was great, he was friendly and his car was new and clean. We also got him to take us to the airport as we had an early morning flight and even at 4am he was great! Thanks Eddie!	
May 7 2007 	A Good Choice in Beijing	My wife and I stayed for 4 nights in May and were very satisfied with the Prime. The location is excellent, very near the major sites in the Forbidden City area. The hotel was easily found by the airport cab, (but have their name in Chinese characters - easily done at the tourist hotel booking office at the airport). The cab ride was 90 RMB or about $13. Stayed on the Executive (10th) Floor. It included the breakfast buffet which we found to be very nice. The rooms were very large by normal hotel standards and the service was well above average. The hotel is on the main &quot;tourist&quot; thoroughfare in Beijing, so at night there is more than enough to do and many restaurants within walking distance. You feel quite safe on the streets of Beijing, and this area is no exception.The staff's English was a bit weak, but someone could always be found to help. We did not have free internet access and even were billed for 3 days worth of service when we only used one.. but management corrected the bill so it wasn't a problem.I'd recommend it to anyone and it's probably 1/3 less than the standard brands... ie Marriott, Sheraton etc. for very similar quality.	
May 2 2007	Better than expected	Stayed on the Executive floor for 4 nights in mid March. Hotel as said by others has a great location,close to forbidden city, other downtown sights. Breakfast Buffet was good/ not great but most of the time I have been to China was on business and typically stayed in Hyatt, Shangri-lai, Marriott hotels that market to western business persons. Staff on excutive floor where very nice and helpful. English not the best, but my Chinese was worse. Rpome where clean and room service good. Mattress's where up to western standards.As mention before check in process was a bit tiring after arrrving from 12 hours flight. Something about the computer being down. Once they understood we where staying on 10th floor it magically worked out. In fact I would highly recommend staying on the executive floor as their prices through expedia where very good and competitive with other higher rated hotels on the TA boards.Breakfast area was not crowded and eggs made to order where the highlight. Evening free cocktails ( 1 per quest) where a nice touch.I would say that the pool and work out areas where a disappointment but after 11-12 hours of exploring we ( family of 4) where too tired to be concerned.Security in the hotel was good.With traffic and all the cars and trucks in Beijjing being heavy, the locfation of this hotel worked out great.No problems with cabs finding the hotel.	
Apr 23 2007	Enjoyed the Prime	Stayed at The Prime for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. We stayed on the executive floor which included a buffet breakfast, which was a bit basic but you could always fill up on bacon, cereals, toast and meats.We had a meal in the French restaurant one night which was expensive but very enjoyable, the main restaurant was good value and the food was not too bad.Overall I would recommend The Prime and although it is unlikely I will ever return to Beijing again, if I did, then I would stay there again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Nice Hotel - Good Location poor food	Booked this hotel based on the review on this site and I have to say for the money, it is pretty good. The rooms are a good size, free internet access and clean and modern throughout. The Spa area is particularly good with very reasonable prices. It only takes about 25 minutes by taxi from the airport at a cost of about £7The only down side is the food, having tried room service, it looked good but was not pleasant and even at a second attempt on one evening, the standards were poor. Having said that, many restaurants are only a 10 minute walk.	
Mar 26 2007 	Excellent hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Prime Hotel for 6 nights in March 07. It was FABULOUS. The location was excellent - 3 blocks from the Forbidden City and 4/5 blocks from shopping and restaurants on Wangfujing. Also, cabs all knew this hotel, so it was easy to communicate where we wanted to go. The level of English was great, and the bell boys, etc were extremely helpful. Great continental breakfast with a wide selection. Also compared to many hotels in Beijing, the beds were heaven. Very nice - wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 16 2007	Nice Hotel- Close to sights	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights as first time visitors to tour China before heading on to Hong Kong to meet up with other adopting families. After a nonstop redeye flight from LAX we arrived in Beijing to a very quiet airport at 0530am. Grabbed a taxi with a non english speaking driver and off into the rain and fog we went! Now this driver since he didn't read or understand english took us to another Hotel popular with western tourists but it wasn't ours! after getting him straightened out by the management of the Hotel we arrived at the Prime blocks away. They immediately checked us in to a deluxe room that I booked thru Expedia without a problem. The Hotel lobby, restaurant, and rooms were elegant and nicely styled. Front desk staff speaks adequate english and housekeepers also enough to serve you. We had a pleasant experience and everyone was more than happy to take care of your needs. The hotel is located 3-4 blocks from a brand new indoor 4 story shopping mall located on a fashionable street. Cheap eateries located nearby too. Taxi's are cheap and ask Hotel to write directions in chinese for cab drivers	
Mar 6 2007	Good hotel let down by management	This hotel has the basics right. Good location. Very spacious, comfortable rooms; ours had a great view over the city to the mountains to the north-west. Absolutely charming staff. Competitive room rates. BUT - we were not advised in advance that health club and swimming pool were closed for renovation (was this booking agent Expedia's fault?) and these facitlites were fundamental to our requirements- nice foyer and lovely pianist every night but no seating; pushing you to expensive coffee shop or restaurant or, for most, not stopping in at all- rather steep charges for late check-out.Just feel it could be a very good hotel if management were a little less focussed on revenue generation and a little more considerate of guests.	
Feb 8 2007 	Service could be better	I agree with much of the previous reviews --the location is fine but it depends on where you want to be as the city is quite spread out. It's 10 -20 mins walk along a main road to get to the main restaurants and shopping sections. Some other hotels are closer to that if that's what you're looking for.I also found the staff not at all willing to put themselves out --if anything was not straightforward they generally just ignored you. Partly it may have been because few spoke English but I don't think that was the only reason. The hotel seems to cater largely for Chinese businessmen --virtually all of whom seemed to smoke! -- so the chain smoking can be an issue in every area of the hotel. We even found that it came through the doors.The rooms were comfortable although not grand -- but for the price they were ok. Like some others, we couldn't adjust the airconditioning at all -- we needed the window open and it was the middle of winter! Finally we thought that the restaurants ranged from average to poor and some did not have English menus, pictures or English speaking staff -- fine for normal restaurants but strange for a hotel which is supposed to cater for tourists.All in all, it was ok but not brilliant. I'm not sure how it compares with other Beijing hotels but most of the others I've stayed in elsewhere are considerably better.	
Jan 24 2007	Great location	Have just returned from a months holiday in China. I stayed at the Prime due to reviews which had rated the hotel highly. I went there 3 days before Christmas for five nights. The hotels location is probably its best point as the place itself was nothing to write home about. No one had any interest in Christmas, it was another ordinary day. My feeling was that they were not particularly interested in anyone who didnt speak Chinese. Staff were ok, not overly helpful. Few spoke any English at all and those that did had a very basic knowledge (albeit my Chinese is nil). Rooms were clean , restaurant food was ok. Nothing spectacular at all. In all I stayed in three hotels in Beijing and found that you can get better value for money at 3* hotels. You just need to know how. I met a great bloke called Peter who works as a travel advisor. Before booking a hotel or internal flights contact him for some great deals. ( email [--]) He is very honest and extremely helpful and no pressure.	
Nov 27 2006 	good location good hotel	Second time at the prime, no problem with air condition, very clean room and maids where very kind leaving enough water, chocolates and sometimes fruits. It was an extended stay and it was very comfortable.Be aware that in your arraival you ve got to wait for your room	
Oct 21 2006 	Recommended by Brightonian Honeymooners	We were really impressed with this hotel. The lobby is beautiful and the rooms spacious and modern, though retaining a classic feel. Location, service and comfort were all excellent. A great place to stay on our arrival in Beijing. Tip for any honeymooners; this hotel upgraded our room free of charge as it was our honeymoon. What a lovely touch.	
Oct 21 2006 	The most cosy room ever	We liked the Prime Hotel because we felt at home the moment we entered the room. The room was spacious and very comfy with big easy chairs, soft floorcarpet and warm lamplight.. The bathroom was huge and luxuriuos, also there was no noise at all although our room was at a busy streetside. We were regretting to leave after 5 days. Breakfast was very nice too. On walking distance of the Forbidden City and the main shopping area of the Wanfungjin, although a litlle far if you 're tired.	
Oct 19 2006 	Great hotel for all - Chinese 	Luckily, my experience with this hotel was very good. The location is great, you can walk within 5-10 minutes to Beijing's main shopping street and other interesting places. Getting a taxi is easy and cheap. The room was very spacious and yes - there are non-smoking rooms. And yes - the air condition is not cooling the room down to freezing temperatures, but to a comfortable and reasonable level. Staff was friendly and very helpful, room service was prompt and of good quality, not too expensive as well. It may well be that there is dual pricing as mentioned by a previous reviewer, but this is a reality in China whether you like it or not. I can wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to Chinese and Western tourists alike, be it for business (wireless internet in the room) or vacation/sightseeing.	
Sep 4 2006 	Hidden costs and horrendous check in and out	HAving booked a executive suite + single bed for me, my wife, friend and baby we were surprised to se our room had just 1 king sized bed and a cot! We changed rooms because the room was not a suite either but the only one they had (from 600) was a twin room which we had to pay extra for. This took about 1 hour. On check out we were stung again for the cost of a camp bed though we understood this was part of the new rate. Unsatisfied we complained but we got no help from the selective mute on reception, in fact she tried to charge for some food we hadn't actually taken! The pool is not available unless you have or buy a swim cap and the pool shower costs an extra 8 pounds per visit! I actually liked this hotel but these few incidents tarnished it. Visit beijing after 2008 as it will be much better then.	
Aug 4 2006 	A great place to stay in!	This was the best hotel we stayed in on our 3-week tour in China. A great place to stay in Beijing, in an excellent location, just 5 minutes walk from the main strip (Wangfujing street) and 15 minutes walk from the gates of the Forbidden City.At the front desk they gave us an upgrade, so we spent 5 nights in a spacious room, with a king-size bed and a huge bathroom, with both bath and shower.Breakfast buffet was very rich, both Western and Chinese.The only fault was the high rate they charge for internet use in their Business Center - ¥2 per minute, quite expensive.	
Jul 6 2006 	Overall Comfortable Hotel - Good Value for Money	My partner and I spent 9 nights at this hotel. We had experiences both similar to and different from those of other reviewers on this site. First, the negatives; (1) air-conditioning throughout the hotel functioned, but it was inadequate. Sometimes even hotel staff were fanning themselves from the heat. (2) It is impossible to escape cigarette smoke. There are smokers in all of the restaurants. The non-smoking sections are not effective. (3) Hardly anyone in the hotel could speak much English, which was surprising for a 4-star hotel in a city the size of Beijing. (4) The 'Executive Lounge&quot; was not very impressive (though the staff there were very friendly. The lounge usually filled up with cigarette smoke. Now, the positives: (1) The staff truly have a &quot;can do&quot; attitude. They do try very hard -- despite poor English -- to make the hotel experience pleasant for guests. (2) I stayed on the &quot;Executive Floor,&quot; which offers larger rooms. This is worth it. (3) Restaurants; I had read several reviews stating that the restaurants were overpriced. I did not find this to be the case. The breakfast food was predictable but adequate. However, the Chinese restaurant in the hotel was fantastic. And what a good deal it was! Whenever we ate outside of the hotel, we became ill. We never became ill from eating inside the hotel. (4) Location: This hotel is a walk away from the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, the shopping areas, and many parts. It truly is convenient. It's not perfect. Perhaps there are better hotels in Beijing. Given the issue with the air-conditioning, I would prefer to stay at this hotel in the winter and another hotel in the summer. However, I found all buildings in Beijing under-air-conditioned. So this might not be an issue unique to the hotel. Overall, you can have a very pleasant stay at this hotel. And definitely try to the restaurants in the hotel at least once. The Chinese was my favorite. The Japanese restaurant was not as interesting as the Chinese restaurant, though it was pleasant.	
Jul 5 2006 	not for westerners	I stayed here for a week, it's a beautiful hotel,t but if you are not CHINESE stay clear of it, A previous reveiwer warned the same and he is right.If you are Western stay a million miles from it. Why ?The hotel has dual pricing for foreigners and Chinese. When I booked it was under a chinese name and I was given a rate. On arrival they discovered that I am not Chinese, had a little chat and told me the 'foreigners ' have a different price that is higher.I immeadiately requested a Chinese member of my staff to book the room in her name. The cheaper price was then quoted. but withdrawn when they realised what was happening.If a Chinese and 'foreigners share a room they also pay the foreigner price. This makes company bookings a nightmare for companies that have mixed nationality workforce such as mine. Its very very hurtful to some people of certain cutures not to mention different skin colour. There is no laws against this practice in Chna unlike in the western world.The Chinese view this that foreigners have more money so lets charge them more. I dio not agree. we all know what it isThis is common enough in Beijing but its not acceptable in 2006.The hotel is nice inside and runs as good as a five star. The restaurant is excellent value and everyone is charged the same regardless of nationality. The bar has the same policy.My advice is to ask any hotel in Beijing if they still operate dual pricing , 75% do, thank them and more to one that doesn't/I wrote to the hotel by fax, email and registered letter. I never got a reply. and would still welcome talks oin this matter, from anyone.Love China, Love its people but greatly oppose dual pricing based on nationality For now the Prime is a stay clear. If it changes its pricing great	
Jun 4 2006	Great place to stay!	This was the best place we stayed on our 7 1/2 week world trip!The rooms are first class, with a huge bathroom.Free no-fuss Broadband Ethernet in room.We didn't want to leave!The breakfast and dinner buffet are to die for, and are well worth paying for! You'll be hard pressed to get better food in Beijing.AVOID the chinese restaurant upstairs, the service is attrocious! We were the only ones eating there and they still stuffed up our order twice and had no idea what they were doing.It's a long walk (about 4km) from where the airport bus drops you off, to the hotel. We walked it at 11pm on a Sunday and it's quite safe, just a long way.Cabs are cheap, but make sure you get one of the official Green and Yellow or Red cabs.AVOID the cab hawkers at the airport at all costs, they will rip you off.The hotel is right on the main strip, so you are just a stones thow from the action at night.	
Jun 1 2006	Enjoyed Our Stay	Seeing as how we normally stay in Hampton Inn-type hotels when we travel in the US, we thought the Prime Hotel was great! The lobby is very attractive, the front desk staff have acceptable English skills. We somehow ended up on the VIP floor with a large room and king size bed. There is an Internet connection in the room but you need your own computer. The bed was firm, but better than some of the others we'd slept on in China. Air temperature was under our control, so we were able to stay very comfortable. Beautiful bathroom, with glass shower and tub with shower. Marble floors, countertops, etc. Breakfast was included with our room and had an ample sampling of Western and Chinese items. Service at breakfast was impeccable. Located on the main shopping street of Wangfujing, but about 5-6 blocks from the busiest section so noise was minimal. Able to exchange money at the desk. We were taking an overnight trip to Xian during the middle of our stay in Beijing, and they kept our luggage stored for us. Overall we were very pleased with our stay.	
Jun 1 2006	Perfect location in downtown Beijing	I stayed at this hotel for 5 days/4 nights. Got a nice rate of 105€/night for a Club floor.Check in was very quick and smooth.Rooms are very big and nice. Very comfortable. The bathroom was nice with shower AND bath, although a bit old... The lobby is very big and impressive.I did regret the lack of international channels on satellite TV : only CNN and HBO were available...I tried the foot massage service which decent but expensive, and I do not recommend.Did have a peak at the pool but did not try it...We made a 1 day trip to Great Wall for less than 30€... very nice and easy.Breakfast is fairly good, but would never recommend having dinner at the buffet because it's extremely expensive and not worth it considering the wealth of good adresses in Beijing (check out the surroundings of lake Qianhai at night!!!).But the best point about hte hotel is its location. Right on Wang Fu Jing, the main commercial street in Beijing. It's in the center of the town. About 10mn (walking) away from northern entrance of Forbidden City and Jingshan Park, and 15mn from Beihai Park. And it's about 30mn away from Tian An Men square.If you like to do urban trekking, but being based on a nice 4* western-like (but Chinese) hotel I surely would recommend this place ! The only places I took a taxi to go to were the summer Palace and the Great Wall...	
May 24 2006	Very nice hotel	I chose to stay at the Prime Hotel based on other reviews, which were right on the money. I had a room on the 9th floor. It was really big as was the bathroom. You could tell the hotel wasn't new but everything was in nice condition. Staff all spoke some English and were quite helpful. I signed up for a tour to the Great Wall for 350 RMB at the concierge. The only thing they didn't mention on the itinerary was that the tour included stops at &quot;state owned&quot; factories/stores for jade, tea and pottery. Oh well, went with the flow and had an enjoyable time. Don't forget to shop at the Silk market. This was a good hotel for my first visit to Beijing.	
Apr 18 2006	Good ....but the pool...oh dear!!	Just stayed at the Prime in Beijing. Excellent value - nice hotel/good location/excellent standards and service (if limited English spoken!- but thats China for you)Only one real criticism - the pool and spa areas are dire!!! The pool room was cold,dirty and unwelcoming - (I was assured it was in use for guests but we decided against using it!) The spa needs a serious facelift - shabby and dark and unkempt with tatty carpets and furnishings. Massage was very good though.If swimming and pampering are important aspects of your stay - dont stay here!!Otherwise it was a lovely place to stay. Staff v friendly and wanting to help.	
Apr 2 2006	Good Hotel / Good Value	My wife and I stayed at the Prime Hotel in early March 2006. The Hotel was fine. I would not call it a full 5-star hotel, but it is very good. The room was large and comfortable (we were upgraded to a deluxe room). The well-apointed marble bathroom had both a tub and a separate shower. The only complaint would be that the shower leaked some water onto the marble floor.The location is convenient to the major shopping district down the street, and is also close to the Forbidden City. There are a number of restaurants nearby, as well as small shops to buy fruit/bottled water/etc.The weather was quite cold is early March, and we even had some snow.	
Mar 23 2006	Prime hotel beijing	Just returned from Prime Hotel, Beijing. We stayed on the executive floor, which was well worth paying that bit extra. Room was spotless, but the hot breakfast was always cold so we lived on bread, fruit etc. Hotel provided my wife with birthday cake, which was a nice touch. Service was good. location excellent. The only real problem we encountered was that the staff spoke very little english and it could be very frustrating trying to explain, but got there with sign-language etc! We would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 15 2006	Definitely Five Stars for us	We stayed at the Prime Hotel for 4 nights and found it to be excellent on all counts.Our check in was quick and painless and the room was spacious and clean.The staff have good English and respond quickly to your requests.We had a slight problem with the air conditioner but it wasn't a big enough deal to detract from the overall picture.This hotel is nicely located for access to a range of things to do and see in inner Beijing.We would stay at the Prime again any time.	
Feb 27 2006	Nice hotel in a great location	MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR HOTEL NAME IN CHINESE CHARACTERS and the phone number when you land in Beijing. All hotels have a Chinese name and a western name and the taxi drivers don't understand or know the western names.That said, the Prime Hotel is in a great location for walking to the Forbidden City and Tiannemien Square during the day and to restaurants and shopping on Wafujing Street at night.The rooms are comfortable and clean with huge bathrooms with both tub and separate shower. We found the hotel staff helpful and the doorman particularly so in helping negotiate a price with a taxi driver to a remote spot on the Great Wall.I would definitely consider staying here again when in Beijing and looking for a centrally located tourist location.	
Feb 25 2006	Prime Hotel is a good pick!	We just got back from a trip to the Far East and stayed at the Prime Hotel in Beijing. The rooms were well-appointed and the bathrooms were large, very elegant and clad in black marble -- and that was for a standard room. Laundry service was outstanding.No mold to speak of. Only disappointment was a few stains on upholstery and carpet but that was not a big deal.The dinner buffet is quite large and well-executed and a good choice when returning in the evening exhausted from the day's activities. It was a blessing since it was too cold to brave the streets on several nights to scope-out a good spot to eat. The hotel staff were exceptionally polite and accomodating. The front desk provided us with a driver whom they employed &quot;Sun Shui&quot; (Soon Shwee) who cost $50 US per person for 8 hours and spoke enough English to accomodate our requests. Have the concierge write down your destinations in Chinese and then hand them to the driver before you depart -- a safe bet for taxis as well.We highly recommend this hotel but perhaps may try the Intercontinental on our next trip which is further up the street.	
Dec 18 2005	very good choice	We (party of 6, 3 rooms) stayed here for 4 nights in October as a part of a tour package. Breakfast was included and it was good. The hotel is located on Wangfujing, which is their main street. However, it is at the far end of this street so you do have to walk a bit (about 4-5 blocks to the night market) to get to the busier area, which is fine for me but not so great for those with difficulty walking (our mothers 75 and 70 years old). (yes, taxis are cheap) The hotel itself is solid 4 star. The lobby is very nice with a pianist at night and fountain, bars etc. and the room was spacious and comfortable, bathrooms very nice. We had no problems with the heat and I did not notice any smell. I would recommend this hotel. Yes, there is a language barrier but it did not hinder us. The only thing that I did not like was the pool is up 2 flights of stairs, so my mother could not utilize it and you have to pay for the saunas, which I felt was misleading as it does not mention this anywhere on their website. If you are wary of staying in a Chinese owned hotel they are renovating the Crowne Plaza on the same street but a bit closer to the action and there is a Grand Hyatt as well. This was our first tour and I found it to be excellent. We work for an airline so it is normally not financially beneficial for us to do tours, however, I felt with the language barrier it would be a good idea. It was an EXCELLENT idea. Very, very few people speak English and of those who do...they may be scamming you so...fully recommend for your 1st time to do one. I also fully recommend our tour company-Travel China Guide. It was top notch. I chose it because of the hotel, all of the tours included and the price. It also included lunch, one peking duck dinner and the opera. I had expected the lunches they provided to be sandwiches and chips or something of the sort...they took us to 5 star restaurants each one better than the last. We were always underdressed for these restaurants, to give you an idea. The peking duck restaurant was great and a couple of the other diners were diplomats from another country (couldn't recognize the flag). The opera was excellent. The only problem was...not enough time! We did 5 days 4 nights and we were up and out by 9am every morning and did not get back until 7-8 every night. So if you want to shop too, plan for more time. Shopping: we did the xiushui market and the beijing silk market. We paid no more than 1000y ($10) for anything but they are rip offs you can find real cashmere but you really have to know what you are looking at, if not I recommend you stick to the shops on Wangfujing because you WILL be taken. Also, check the sizes I bought a twin set and the shell was smaller than the cardigan. Also, if you do choose this tour company I recommend our tour guide-Christie. She was phenomenal. She was with us 12 hours out of the day, would schedule our massages in our room, then leave us and go buy us things that we requested, such as phone cards and dvds, etc. Oh bars/clubs: Sanlitun area and/or there is an area in the hutong. I forget the name of the area but it is the hutong that is included in the tour right across from the summer palace. There is a long street of bars and clubs right on the waterfront-beautiful.They will take you to a few stores such as the jade factory en route to the wall. Don't bother it's a tour trap...I felt that we wasted a lot of time there.I hope this helps! Have a wonderful time it really is a great place.	
Dec 14 2005	I want to give them 5 stars ---- but I can't	My wife and I just got back from Beijing. We stayed at the Prime Hotel. The location is great, the service is excellent. However, we had two big problems. First, we couldn't control the temp in our room. They turned off the aircon. We had to open the windows to get any cool air and outside of the hotel they were doing construction nearby. So, you could either be very warm and have the room quite or cool and noisy.The second problem was mold. Our room was really smelly. It smelled like mold and we started feeling ill when we were in the room. A friend was also staying in the hotel and his room smelled like mold. We were both on the 9th floor.Again, the hotel was great, the staff was great, the food was great, the location was great, everything was great except for the mold and lack of temp control.	
Nov 15 2005	Excellent	Our four night stay here was part of a tour package so I cannot comment on the cost but the hotel itself was excellent. Our room was spacious and well-appointed. The bathroom was luxurious. The breakfast buffet was extensive. The staff was courteous, the doormen especially helpful with securing and directing taxis. It might have been more convenient to be closer to a metro stop but we could walk to shopping, the Forbidden City and some restaurants. Taxis are cheap enough to get anywhere else you want to go.	
Nov 13 2005	Extremely Disappointing	Extremely disappointed with my stay. I found that it failed to suffice a 4 star rating. Mold was definitely an issue. We were immediately confronted with the moldy odor as we entered the room. Uncertain of the source, but somewhere within the cabinet where the fridge is stored (or maybe the fridge itself), I would guess, because the odor became unbearable once you open the cabinet &amp; fridge. Checked out after 2 nights (but originally booked it for 5). The service was inadequate. I did not expect the staff to be fluent in English, but spoke adequately to minimally assist you, which was more than I expected. Expect the hotel to charge you a little more of the room (including the service charge). When I made the reservation, the price was quoted in USD. Upon check out I discovered that it is the “hotel’s policy” to charge you in USD and convert it to RMB according to hotel’s designated conversion rate (which was more than hotel’s actual selling rate or the current conversion rate), so they actually charge you more RMB for the room, thus more USD. I found this rather aggravating, given that I was already unhappy with my stay. Prior reviews have indicated that it was a good value, but I found that $150/night was a steep price to pay for a very disappointing stay. Although it is in a fairly central location, I found the immediate surroundings, to be a bit rundown, and there are many other hotels within close proximity that are in better locations. We stayed on the Executive floor at the Tianlun Dynasty hotel (4/5 star hotel) for less, and received significantly better service and accommodations in a better location! I was astounded by the disparity.	
Nov 12 2005 	Very satisfactory experience	This hotel was chosen based on reviews from this site. We completely agree with the assessment. Staff was courteous and helpful. Minor difficulties in helping us find some restaurants but otherwise very capable. Rooms were large and comfortable. This hotel is a good value and is in a very good location. Why spend more?	
Oct 31 2005	Great hotel nice location	My family and I enjoyed a very pleasant and comfortable five-night stay at this hotel in mid-October. The hotel is exactly what other members have described - - more than a 4-star hotel with clean spacious rooms, good service, and very friendly, helpful staff. Their breakfast buffet is reasonably priced and has a good mix of Chinese and Western varieties. Its location is superb which is in close proximity to the busy shopping area along Wangfujing Street. However, if you want to venture further out to either the east or west side of that area, a 15 to 20-minute walk from the hotel will take you to the nearest subway station which is located inside the Oriental Plaza Shopping Mall at the corner of Wangfujing and ChangAn Streets.As someone recently mentioned about mold in the room, I would like to point out that although all of my family members including myself are highly sensitive to dust, mold, and other allergens, we did not experience any health problem while we were in the room. Instead, we did suffered some mild allergy symptoms while we were outside on the streets due to the city’s thick blanket of smog and haze. Compared to other 5-star hotels, this hotel is definitely a good pick for the price, quality and service. I would stay there again in my next visit.	
Oct 30 2005	The Prime is primo	I stayed at the Prime Hotel last year and agree with the positive reviews (but am not surprised at the moldy room complaint!).The rooms were spacious and well-appointed. The buffet breakfasts were cheap and the food was jsut fine. You walk outside the Prime and you know you are in China (unlike the more upscale hotels, which could be in any city, any country). It is a 20-min walk to the Forbidden City. And best of all---the price was excellent. I don't think we paid more than $65 per night. Our only &quot;complaint&quot; was that we were unable to make the staff understand that we wanted to go to any section of the Great Wall except Badaling. After two days of trying to explain that preference, we resigned ourself to going to Badaling (and it was as congested as we had read). Next time, I'll arrange it ahead of time!I'd stay at the Prime again in a NY minute!	
Oct 30 2005	Good value for monay and a nice French Restaurant	Enjoyed our stay on the concierge floor Good breakfast and nice French restaurant !Would recommend for average hotel in Beijing !	
Oct 25 2005	The Prime Hotel - A wonderful place to stay.	We were lucky enough to stay at the Prime Hotel on a tour we booked with travel china guide.Website: --- ---The hotel was of the finest standard and the Staff were very professional and friendly. The breakfeast was absolutely amazing with so much to choose from, something for all tastes! We were upgraded to superior at no extra cost. Our room was amazing, so clean, comfortable, classical, beautiful and quite. The photo's shown are exactly as we found. The room service was wonderful. We had to ask for some luggage to be stored for several days. It was absolutely no trouble. We would sincerely reccomend this wonderful hotel. A fantastic Japanese restaurant is located in the hotel, the food is also of amazing quality. A lovely shopping area is located to the side of and accross the road from the hotel. It is well worth exploring.I believe that my review of this hotel is a great way to say thank you to all at this beautiful hotel and I hope one day we can return.Cheers, Francine, Australia	
Oct 23 2005	A moldy place to stay	We stayed for 5 days in the Prime because we wanted to &quot;reward&quot; ourselves after an exhausing three weeks trip across China. It was not the reward we expected. The rooms were terribly moldy and the service was bad. Whenever we entered the room we started to cough and our noses were congested - although we are not allergic!! Imagine an asthmatic... Unfortunately the room was not an exception but all four rooms they showed to us had the same problem in various intensities. We had enough time to investigate the source of the mold: There is obviously no water barrier behind the wall tiles of the bathroom. Humidity enters the walls and then it gets moldy in the main room, especially behind the cupboards. Since this is a systematic problem you can expect that for all rooms in the Prime. In our country such a threat to health would be closed down.The (warm) breakfast was cold and we did not get coffee or tea even after four requests. Despite all these difficiencies they ask for &quot;service charges&quot; for anything they do. You have to spend a whopping 15 Yuan basic charge for local calls (which in fact costs 0.3 Yuan if you use a public phone) or 20 Yuan for a flight confirmation (the first time I have been charged for that service anywhere in the world). Annoying that you are not informed about prices in advance. You have to ask the reception or you get a surprising invoice at the end.Summary: Definitely not a five star hotel! And keep away from it if you want to stay healthy.	
Oct 8 2005	Excellent hotel!	This hotel was absolutely fantastic! It was truly 5 star all round. Staff were so helpful and though English wasn't always fluent, they really made an effort to help with any query. Rooms were amazing, and bathrooms even better, and the hotel entrance and lobby were really impressive. The location could not have been better as it's about a mile walking to Tiannamen Sq and is situated on the shopping street of Beijing. You can even see the roof-tops of the Fobidden City from the room.I could not recommend this hotel more highly and thoroughly enjoyed the trip to Beijing; more so because of this great hotel which deserves 5 stars. The hotel organises trips to The Great Wall and I recommend Mutianyu which is the farthest. We didn't have breakfast included, but did sample the hotel buffet which was still a good price for Westerners. Excellent hotel on all levels.	
Oct 3 2005	The Prime Hotel: Aptly Named	My fear is that anyone reading this review will think I'm a shill for the hotel, writing a fake positive review, as I only have good things to say...That's how much I liked the Prime Hotel.I've been to Beijing before, so I understand the city, its people, and its hotels. I could not have been more happy with my stay at the Prime. The location is excellent, at the very north end of the Wangfujing shopping street. It's about a half-hour walk to Tiananmen square, shorter to the Forbidden City. Easy access to tons of shopping and eating, bustling with activity day and night. Certainly for a first-time visitor to Beijing, I couldn't think of a better area to stay in.My room was big, quiet, very comfortable, and all amenities were in working order. A well-thought-out selection in the minibar, reasonably priced, and nice unexpected extras. I even used the hotel's laundry service, which was quick and did a great job. The TV had CNN, NHK, HBO, the Chinese equivalent of MTV, all 9 CCTV channels, as well as a bunch more. The bed was huge and very comfortable...A rarity in China. Most days, I went downstairs for breakfast at about 8:30 AM, and when I returned to my room about 45 minutes later, it had been made up already.The staff is very friendly and helpful. I encountered none of the 'limited English' complaints voiced in previous reviews. Then again, I've made an effort to learn a bit of Mandarin, just to be a gracious guest in a foreign country. The conceirge desk was very capable (they helped me set up my China Mobile cell phone with no complaints or attitude), and the business center was able to help me check on a flight to Shanghai. Yes, internet access at 2 RMB/minute isn't cheap, but it's far from highway robbery, either, and is the going rate for high end hotels in Beijing. In USD, that's about $2.50 for ten minutes. Elevator operators stand ready to call the elevator down when they see you coming through the lobby, and the bellhops out front not only will call you a cab, but they even give you a card with the taxi number when you return, in case you accidentally forgot something in the car.The breakfast buffet was comparable to others I've had in China and in the states: Perfectly fine, maybe better still. Chinese foods, as well as Western foods (even a selection of cereals for the Americans, and beans for the Brits. French toast and maple syrup, even! In China!). BTW: The place is CRAWLING with Americans and Europeans. Looked to me like they make up 70% or better of the clientele. There are a couple of lounges in the large open lobby where you can sit and have a drink, a smoke, or some tea...Whichever vice you happen to have.Honestly, I can't think of a single complaint about the Prime Hotel. And I consider myself a pretty worldly traveller. Having booked through Expedia, I paid a premium rate for my room ($135 per night), but it was worth every penny, and by western standards, undoubtedly a bargain. To be sure of a similar experience next time, I would pay even more than that.I recommend the Prime Hotel to anyone travelling to Beijing, and will not hesitate to stay there again, myself. Having found it through Tripadvisor, I even went to the trouble to take some photos, which I've posted here.	
Sep 24 2005	Not every one in the world speaks english !	I always love to read complaints that people in the hotel don't speak English. Well, when a Beijing resident comes to visit New York City, do the hotel people speak Mandarin ? They should. There are a lot more Chinese in the world than Americans !The hotel was an excellent choice. It is 5 star and a little less expensive that the other 5 stars in the city. The location is perfect. It is about a 5 minute walk to the &quot;Time Square&quot; shopping area.My only warning about Beijing in general - don't try to cross a street. The drivers are the worse I have ever seen and they never stop for pedestrians or bicycles !	
Sep 5 2005	Good service	A nice 5 star alternative to large multinational chain , but do not expect nothing special or local. Service is very good. Location is excellent.Worth a stay.	
Aug 16 2005	A Nice Experience		
Aug 11 2005	Nice Hotel		
Jul 30 2005	The Prime Hotel is OK... if you speak Chinese		
Jul 29 2005	Good hotel		
Jul 19 2005	The Prime was Wonderful		
Jun 29 2005	Nice Hotel Good Location		
Jun 26 2005	Simply amazing hot		
Jun 7 2005	Loved The Prime Hotel		
May 25 2005	excellent quality		
Dec 15 2004	Enjoyed the stay very nice room		
Dec 15 2004	??????????????		
Jun 25 2008 	La posizione e centralissima		
