Oct 20 2009 	Lovely and charming small "house" in middle of hutong	We stayed here two nights by accident. Hotel we booked was full so we got an e-mail from them saying we could stay here instead..with the same price. So we agreed.It proved to be good agreement. I have rarely, if never, seen this kind of service in Chinese hotels and I have seen plenty of them. Service was simply fantastic. This is indeed refreshing option to standard 4-5 star chain hotels. And it comes with good quality breakfast and wi-fi access in rooms too. If you are not experienced traveling in China this is really good place to start your adventure - it gives you really good vibes and taste of hutong life. But beware - after this it might not get any better.	
Sep 30 2009 	real beijing	a lovely courtyard located in a hutong. wonderful service. convenient location near bars and the city. altogether good if not slightly expensive but it is understood as it is a small hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Western Living in Chinese Setting at its best	The staying at this wonderful Sihe Courtyard style hotel had been wonderful experience to our trip to Beijing. Only the food we had at various restaurants during the trip and meeting old friends (not seen for 15-20 years) can be compared to this. Being at the heart of Beijing downtown, it has a very unique surroundings where you can see many aspects of how average Beijing residents live on a daily basis. But once you set your foot inside the red front door, you would feel a totally different world that you are so far away from the dusty, noisy and busy Beijing streets and crowds that everyone else has to face.The rooms are very comfortable with plenty of shelf space for storing our luggage and frequent used items. Bedding and sheets are very nice and comfortable. Bathroom is of very decent size with modern fixtures that work really well.The hotel is equipped with Wi-Fi and a laptop PC in the lounge for the guest to use free of charge. I also used my own MacBook for emails and other things there, very nice. The staff there were very friendly and helpful. They will do whatever they can to help and/or accommodate the guests.Of course, Beijing has plenty of chain hotels like Hilton, Hyatt and Holiday Inns. If you are one of those only comfortable trying one bite of Beijing roast duck, then please do yourself a favor by staying at one of chain hotels. But if you are one of those want to know where is the best place for goose liver dish and have you-tiao (fried dough) for breakfast on the street, then this place is for you.	
Sep 1 2009 	An Unique and Wonderful Hotel	We booked two nights upon recommendation from a friend via email. After we stayed for the first night, we were so impressed that we turned two-night stay into seven-night stay. The location is ideal, right in the downtown of Beijing with walking distance to subway stations, big shopping centers, and a short taxi ride to major sightseeing spots. It is extremely quiet due to the fact that it is located in the middle of an alley. The court yard is very spacious with seating and umbrellas for breakfast and relaxation; considering the expensive real estate in Beijing, this is a luxury. The lounge is well decorated and offers plenty seating to meet friends or relax. I am particularly impressed by the art book collection in the lounge. We have a six-year old with us, and he had a blast picking dates with the hotel staff. The hotel offers Chinese style bikes for guests. My husband biked to a nearby pastry shop to get us breakfast several mornings. I brought my own coffee and had it made fresh every morning. We brought our own computer and the wireless internet worked well anywhere in the hotel. The service is superb and the staff is very responsive. I will definitely stay with them again in the future.	
Aug 26 2009 	Love reopened Hotel Cote Cour	Recently spent 10 days in Beijing. We stayed in the CoteCour for 3 nights, on the recommendation of a friend. We were blown away. Great service, beautiful rooms, helpful and friendly staffWe had seen reviews that something had happened with the hotel, but all seems fine now. Apparently the previous owner was caught evading taxes and is in serious trouble. Whatever, it does not seem to have impacted our wonderful stay in this hotel.	
Aug 11 2009 	Hmmmm	I stayed here last year, and really loved the place. I am not quite sure of the details, but I believe the current operator took the hotel from the proprietor and designer Shauna Liu during the summer of 2009. So until this is resolved I am protesting. (Well as much as a negative recommendation counts as a protest) - when she gets her hotel back I will give it two thumbs up. Regards.	
Jul 27 2009 	Lovely courtyard hotel	This is a nice respite in the bustling city and unfortunately we only had one night to enjoy it. The hotel had an electrical problem the day we arrived so we had to find another place, and we chose to move to Bamboo Garden. And having stayed at both places, I prefer Hote Cote Cour because it had more charm and a more intimate setting. It did feel a tad overpriced but it also felt more personal and sophisticated. The staff were extremely nice and gave us a free night's stay as an apology for the situation. This is not to say Bamboo Garden was a bad experience- it was a very choice -- good location, walkable to the lakes, bars and restaurants around. Good value but the compound seemed large and &quot;hotel-ish&quot; by comparison. Breakfast not included at Bamboo Garden but they have a spa on site and the 1 hour foot massage was terrific.	
Jul 19 2009 	Apparently a confirmation means nothing here	We booked this hotel in March for the first several nights of our honeymoon beginning on June 24th and received an email confirmation. A colleague of mine was very kind to arrange a car service to pick us up at the airport and take us to Hotel Cote Cour SL. Upon contacting the hotel on June 17th in connection with arranging the car service, she learned that the hotel was closed! They told my colleage, who speaks Mandarin, that they had been closed for weeks for renovation. When I contacted them to find out what was going on since we had a confirmation and no one had contacted us, they told me that they closed 2 days prior because of emergency utility construction. I don’t know which story is true but if my colleague had not found this out, we would have been stranded on their front porch with our bags and nowhere to stay…for the first night of our honeymoon after a long flight to Beijing! They replied with an apology and offered to arrange alternate accommodation but when we accepted that offer (I usually spend days researching to find the perfect accommodation with the most local charm but had one day before departing for our wedding festivities), they didn’t reply to my message overnight and I had to arrange something else myself. Very disappointing.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Romantic Getaway	This is such a beautiful hotel, a Chinese courtyard hotel. Very friendly staff, great service. It is so relaxing and quiet, even though it is in the middle of a bustling hutong, which you can see from the rooftop terrace. The rooms have great beds, beautiful furniture. The place transports you back to a different era. I found the staff very attentive, getting tickets and booking cars for me, and giving me sightseeing suggestions. The location is great, in the centre of Beijing, close to subways. I highly recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway.	
Apr 27 2009 	Pretty hotel but small rooms ridiculously overpriced	This hotel is something different. We spent 4 nights here in April 2009. The hotel is very charming, based around a pretty and realtively quiet courtyard and it is great to be able to sit outside when the sun shines, not possible in most western style hotels. Staff were mostly very friendly but some speak no English or French, including two of the receptionists, so it was sometimes difficult to communicate. No sign of the owner. Breakfast is in the small but airy and well furnished bar/sitting room and includes fresh fruit, a pastry (NB not for us croissant as mentioned in previous reviews) something cooked (egg, pancake, dumpling) all fresh, and weak coffee (espresso was available but 40Y extra). We had booked one of the best rooms but on arrival found that it had an outside window overlooking the building site opposite (work 18 hours a day) and was unacceptably noisy. The room we were given instead was tiny (only just room for a double bed - no room for our two big suitcases) although our daughter had a bigger room. We were not offered a better room even though the hotel was half empty for all our stay (one night we were almost the only guests). Also the shower in the bathroom did not drain properly - yuk! Moreover the discount we had been offered when making the bookinig was at first refused, in the rude way only chinese people can manage, until I showed the man at the desk the confirmation email. Being in a hutong is a mixed blessing - it is charming as other reviewers have said, but the taxis just wont go there so there is a 7-8 minute walk when you want to go anywhere or get home. The price for the rooms does not take account of the inconvenience or their size (you could stay in a 5 star hotel and still have change for what they ask here). I am glad I stayed in this place as it is a different experience but I wont be going back. It is hard to see how they can survive in the competitive Beijing market without a big drop in prices and a lot more client care.	
Apr 12 2009 	Authentic Beijing	We have just stayed for 5 nights in this beautiful and authentic Chinese 'hutong' hotel. It feels so far removed from standard Western hotels and is located down a small hutong so you really get to see the real Beijing way of life. This can be a bit of a shock upon arrival, but we walked back down the hutong in the evening, often quite late, and always felt safe. As soon as you pass through the hotels big red doors, you are back into tranqulity anyway! The service of the staff was personal, knowledgable and friendly. The room was comfortable, especially the huge bed and the breakfast was spot on. Some added touches include the artwork in the breakfast bar and the bikes for hire (although we weren't brave enough after experiencing taxi rides. Would completely recommend if you are looking for something a bit different from a standard hotel and for a more 'real' experience.	
Mar 15 2009 	Delightful haven from noisy Beijing lovely atmosphere	We had an absolutely lovely time at this stunningly beautiful hutong hotel.Ideally situated on the edges of the central area this hotel offered a lovely short walk into the hub.The design of this courtyard hotel is exceptional and beautifully excecuted. Set around quite a large courtyard, the rooms are delightfull and well facilitated with beautiful typical bathroom very cosy superb telly etc- you will want for nothing.Breakfast was in a stunning room and was communal, though we were virtually the only people staying so therefore perhaps it was not ideal and though you could ask for anything and it would be brought, we would have preferred a running buffet so that we were not beholden to ask staff all the time. Maybe in the more busy times, this happens anyway. By the way the contemporary paintings on the wall are wonderful and a great advert for modern Chinese art.One clever addition was a book of business cards in English and Chinese which were superb help when instructing taxi drivers. Other hotels please note.Perhaps one slight grump was that access to an internet pc whilst available meant you had to go sit behind the reception desk with the reception staff which is not very brilliant. Thought a great idea which we used a lot in Cambodia and Laos was the idea of lending or renting you an internet enabled laptop to take to your room. Also it is not that cheap compared say with the Kapok Hotel but I guess the experiience of staying here is a special one, so maybe one should be willing to pay a little extra.Last but not least, the staff here are absolutely wonderful and will do anything for you. And they speak excellent English which in China should certainly not be taken for granted.Would highly recommend this hotel	
Feb 17 2009 	An alternative experience to big brand hotels	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon travels through Asia during late Dec 08. The experience didn't start well when the pre-booked car to pick us up from Beijing airport failed to show up, a call to hotel told us that they had come a day earlier than we booked and confirmed by email. So do double check a few days before arrival they have correct details.Hotel was almost empty, we only save 2 other rooms occupied so fairly quiet. Reception staff spoke good english and can recommend restaurants etc. Breakfast included in room rate which consisted of tea/coffee, toast with butter/jam, yogurt with granola and jame and fruit. More than enough to get you up for a day's exploring. Lunch and dinner must be ordered 24 hours in advance, but there are some international hotels with restuarants (The Regent Beijing or Peninsula are good) within 10 mins walk with many restaurants inside.The typical residential road that the hotel is down is hard to find initially and may put some people off as it's very different from western surroundings, but we never felt scared or apprehensive.Receptionists arranged a driver and car for a day to take us to Summer Palace, Great Wall and Olympic stadium - well worth it at £80 per day and the driver was safe, friendly and spoke good english.The location of the hotel is within walking distance of Wangfujing Dajie (main shopping street), night market and Dongsi subway station (metro is cheap, easy and clean). Forbidden City takes about 15-20 mins to walk to, but going on Metro is easy if you prefer. Room was of a good standard but rather expensive for what you get compared to big brand hotels. Bathroom could have done with a good clean and shower wasn't powerful and didn't have very consistant temperature. The free WiFi internet doesn't work as far as rooms, so you must go to lounge for access.Overall, a good experience to live in an old courtyard home, but next time I think the lure of the big brand hotel with it's facilities will win out.	
Oct 27 2008	Wouldn't return but very nice for the price	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights. The service was great and they let us know all the great spots to eat at and visit in Beijing. The staff was very personable and friendly and spoke very good english. The beds were nice and comfortable. The free western breakfast was extremely fresh and very good. The only negatives we experienced were the room was very humid but cool at times and our internet access didn't work in our room. We had to take our laptop to the lounge so the wireless would be close enough. Also there was a sick child a couple rooms down. My husband and I felt so sorry for her because she didn't get much sleep one night and neither did we because we could hear her crying very well. We closed our bathroom door and it was a little better because I think it may have been coming from the shower drain or the shower wall. All that being said, this was probably the cheapest hotel we've ever stayed at with the 5 star service we received. I'm not sure if I'd go back but I'm glad we stayed there and were able to save money. Also, the architecture was gorgeous and the attention to design was superb.	
Sep 6 2008	Little Gem in Beijing!	After extensive research for somewhere that was authentic - ie, not a Four Seasons, or a Mariott or a typical 5* deluxe hotel - I finally found the Cote Cour SL with the help of Google and Trip Advisor.I loved the fact that it was down a narrow road in an old Hutong which we walked down at night and got a little taste of what Beijing must have been like before the high rise buildings took over. We always felt safe and walked in the evening with our 9 and 10 year old children from the shopping area nearby.Gerry found us a great restaurant and was always on hand with his friendly manner to chat and give us advice.The suite that we shared with our children was lovely even though it had a small damp problem from the bathroom, but it gave us a real feeling of being somewhere authentically chinese.The only thing I missed a little was a pool for one of the afternoons when we took a break from our intensive touring andcould have done with a cool pool to jump into...or even a jacuzzi would have been nice - but I would still go back again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Perfect!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 6 nights and we loved it. The staff and management were extremely friendly and helpful. We were easily able to plan a trip to the Great Wall through the hotel and it's central location made it very easy to see the various sites of Beijing. This hotel provides all the comfort and amenities of a major chain hotel (lounge area, wireless internet, modern rooms, etc) but it's small size and decor gives it an authentic Chinese feel. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 20 2008	Great Stay in Beijing	Cote Cour deserves all of the positive reviews it has received in newspapers, magazines and this website. This hotel exceeded our high expectations and we loved every minute of our five-night stay.We had a standard room which well designed, clean and comfortable. The pictures on the hotel’s web site will give you a good sense of the guest rooms and public spaces.What really sets Cote Cour apart is the service. Jerry, Michelle and the rest of the team do an outstanding job making guest feel welcome and helping them to get the most out of their time in Beijing. Among other things, they helped us with some emergency laundry, offered excellent restaurant suggestions and arranged for a comfortable car and safe driver to visit the Great Wall.Cote Cour does not have a restaurant but serves continental breakfast (including a yummy yoghurt and granola combination) in the attractive guest lounge. The outdoor courtyard is a wonderful place to relax with a beer or a glass of wine at the end of the day. We enjoyed chatting in the evening with other guests—all interesting and well traveled.The location was great for us but it isn’t for everyone and it is the most important consideration in deciding whether this is the right hotel for you. The hotel is situated in the center of the city along a quiet hutong—one of Beijing’s fast disappearing residential lanes. The hotel will give you a card with instructions in Chinese for taxi drivers, but several taxi drivers struggled to find the hutong and others found it but refused to drive in to it—dropping us off at one end (a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel). One taxi driver took a look at the hotel’s driving instructions and just said “no” and drove off. None of this bothered us (in fact it added to the sense of adventure) but I could imagine that it might upset some people (including some of our friends). If you think this will bother you, Cote Cour might not be the right hotel for you.Cote Cour is a truly outstanding place and provides a memorable experience in the center of Beijing. Many thanks to Jerry and his team. Highly recommended.	
May 16 2008 	A very pleasant surprise	Arriving by taxi (ahead of the rest of my party) down a long, very narrow lane way, I was a bit apprehensive on what I would find on arrival. What a wonderful surprise. Staff were so welcoming (many spoke English) and the boutique hotel is a beautifully restored walled house, with well appointed rooms and bathrooms. We wanted to see and experience &quot;old Beijing&quot; and this small hotel in the hutong area provided a glimpse back into the past. It was the perfect place to stay.I stayed in several hotels, of varying types and sizes during my 5 weeks in China and this one was my favourite. As a boutique hotel, its surroundings, warmth in atmosphere, excellence in service and personal touches far surpassed some of the facilities other large hotels offered.Location is very central and public transport was easy to find and use. Many of the laneways in the Hutong area are closed to motor vehicles after 10pm however, Beijing was very safe and we made the most of taking a couple of walks late at night to walk off the wonderful food. Breakfasts at the hotel were great and not too heavy and the chef prepared an unforgettable dinner for our small group one evening in the dining room.Special thanks to Jerry who made everything easy, providing directions in Chinese for taxi drivers, hand drawn maps when required, restaurant recommendations and generally interesting conversation in the courtyard. We also met some great people and enjoyed their conversation over drinks in the courtyard.Will definitely be going back.	
Apr 28 2008 	Welcome home happy family!	This is the place if you want to really feel like you're in China, but still enjoy Western comforts. Our family of 5, including 3 teenagers, loved every bit of our 5-day stay. The staff is fabulous -- we were greeted by name and with &quot;Welcome home happy family!&quot; each time we returned. One day our son stayed in the hotel with an upset stomach and various staff members checked on him 5 or 6 times and offered to bring him whatever he needed. &quot;Jerry Seinfeld&quot; (name appropriated by our favorite staffer) never failed to provide excellent restaurant recommendations, procure show tickets, etc. I have many, many other examples of great, very personal service. I agree with other reviewers that it's difficult to find, but its location is a big part of the charm. To avoid the horrible Beijing traffic, we took the subway (3 block walk) and walked a lot. Although you do walk down a narrow, winding alley that has public bathrooms (many of the buildings lack private plumbing) and some pretty rundown looking rooms, we never felt unsafe. However, the hutong (neighborhood) is being completely rebuilt so it may look very different by now. Surprisingly, we never heard any of the construction noise when we were in the hotel. Regular rooms and bathrooms are nice, but a bit small (hotel can't or won't allow for more than two per room). Deluxe suite was fabulous. Plenty of English language TV stations (with some censorship by the Chinese government). Nice, fairly basic breakfast. Fellow guests were very interesting and atmosphere lends itself to interaction (although still feels more like a hotel than a B&amp;B). We went to China expecting a &quot;trip&quot; and all of us agreed that we had an unforgettable &quot;vacation.&quot;	
Apr 23 2008	Brilliant Boutique Hotel	Fantastic hotel right in the middle of Beijing. Being located in one of the hutongs, we got to see a completely different side of Beijing. The hotel is beautifully decorated and feels very peaceful. Staff are really friendly and extremely helpful in suggesting things to do, restaurants etc.	
Apr 13 2008 	Tremendous Hutong Experience	This B&amp;B is a great place to stay if you are seeking a more authentic experience. My suggestion is that you email the hotel before you arrive - they will email the address and directions in Chinese for your taxi. The taxi drivers are also happy to call if they are seeking more detailed directions. So have both the address and tel. number written down for the driver. There will be no problems.Michelle and Jerry were very helpful. They buy and collect train tickets at no extra charge, write down directions in Chinese (even for the next part of your journey!}, and they are happy to recommend all types of restaurants. They recommended a local Chinese restaurant about a three minute walk. It is fantastic!	
Feb 27 2008 	An unexpectedly stylish surprise - but impossible to find	I chose this hotel for my recent trip to Beijing (2 days of which were on my own for work and then joined by my husband for the weekend) as I'm fed up with the personality-less places I always seem to end up staying in whilst travelling for business. In many ways, it was the perfect antidote; the bedrooms are individually and beautifully decorated and very spacious. The bathrooms are also fab with a wonderful deep bathtub and a separate walk in rain shower which made getting up in the morning a pleasant experience! The lounge area where the yummy breakfasts are served is also a stylish and relaxing room. I would also echo other comments on here about the great service - Jerry on the front desk in particular was knowledgeable and incredibly helpful throughout my stay.On the negative side - one of the things I did miss from the larger hotels was room service. Dinner is available if pre-arranged, but arriving back unexpectedly late from a long day of meetings at 9pm and not wanting to go out on my own, I was rather stuck. On day 1, fortunately the chef was still on site and prepared me a fantastic bowl of noodle soup but on day 2, I was out of luck and left tired and hungry - and wishing I was at the Shangri-La...The hotel location also caused a few problems - despite having a card from the hotel with a map and the address written in Chinese, quite a few taxi drivers had problems finding it and one outright refused to drive down the narrow alley leading to the hotel....not fun as this was late on Friday night after a lovely meal at Made in China (absolutely worth a visit). Certainly put a dampener on the evening having to walk through the hutong in the dark on a cold February night.However, I would absolutely stay here again - certainly if in Beijing for fun again.	
Jan 28 2008 	What a fantastic experience	It's hard to find enough good things to say about this hotel. Admittedly, our New Year's stay was during Beijing's off-season and the hotel was almost empty, but the staff were so incredibly helpful (especially when I got sick with a stomach bug) that it's hard to imagine we only benefitted from our timing. The hotel itself is beautiful, a sensitively restored (and, it appears, expanded) classic courtyard mansion that provides all of the modern amenities. Breakfast - invariably excellent, whether Western or Chinese - is included, and given in a high-ceilinged &quot;lounge&quot; that is a beautiful spot for relaxing. The location is surprisingly convenient, near the new No. 5 subway line (about a 10-15 minute walk away). The front desk clerks are also more than happy to provide written instructions that you can give to a cab driver for wherever your day's destination may be. In short, I don't think I could recommend a hotel more highly.As another guest noted, the bathroom does not have its own radiator; having lived in Japan I'm used to that but it does mean taking care to open the bathroom door 15 or 20 minutes before taking a shower. The shower itself I found more than effective, but I'm used to low-flow showheads here in the U.S. so perhaps I'm not fussed on that point.A small word on transport to the property. The hotel will gladly arrange for airport pickup by cab. At 300 RMB it was higher than the going rate, but the extra ensured a cab driver whose English was fairly good and (most importantly) who already knew how to find the hotel. Guests who decide to hail a cab themselves, or to take the soon-to-be-completed Metro line would do well to bring a printout of directions to the hotel in Chinese to hand to the driver. The hutong where the hotel is located is quite small and does not appear on many tourist maps.	
Dec 25 2007 	A secret oasis in Beijing	I stayed in a superior suite for 5 nights recently whilst visiting my son who is studying in Beijing. It took me some days to recognise this was in a really great area and central to shopping and attractions in this huge sprawling city. This wonderful courtyard converted house is located in an historically protected hutong and has kept the ambience of old Beijing and yet still has the modern amendities. Covered in snow on day two was a memorable sight.!My room was well heated and my cosy bed with feather doona and soft bedlinen was welcoming. The bathroom however was not well heated and and despite the &quot;funky&quot; decor the shower was not efficient but apart from that I loved the decor in the main living area and the main lounge where breakfast ,drinks at night and dinner on request was served. Enter through huge shiny red doors to a room-filled with modern art work, antique furniture, funky cushions and large bowls of fresh fruit . The owner who was overseas during my stay, was so apologetic for her absence that she kindly left us a note and enclosed tickets to a concert in the Forbidden City...(very thoughtful). The breakfast, that is included in the tariff, was wonderfully presented and a surprise each day.It was only when I returned to Beijing a week later and stayed in a western-style hotel that I remembered how peaceful the hotel was. I cant remember any traffic noise and felt I was in a secret oasis. Despite the difficutlies getting a taxi driver through the narrow pathways to find the hotel, it is certainly worth the effort.I am hotel addict and was wary at first of my son's recommendation (I knew there was the security of a 5 star hotel located around the corner,) but it was &quot;perfect&quot; and would highly recommend this hotel for the atmoshphere, the locality, the comfort and service and the experience of being in the old area of Beijing.	
Nov 10 2007 	Fantastic introduction to China	Hotel Cote Cour's location is central and within walking distance to great sights, restaurants and shopping. The hotel is small, beautifully designed and chic. The owner (Shauna) and the desk managers (Jerry and Michael) are very helpful, friendly and service-oriented. They will arrange private tours and direct you to the best restaurants (they will make reservations for you). Most of all, they seem to genuinely care about the guests' well-being. My husband and I traveled alone in China for five weeks and Hotel Cote Cour tops our list. It is an exceptional property in the heart of old Beijing.	
Aug 9 2007 	WONdefully Personal intmate and friendly	We can only agree with the previous writers.The setting in the Hutong makes the fresh hotel like an oasis in the desert of Beijing. This is only accentuated by the wonderful habit of offering a glass of water, as the first thing when one arrives and are shown around the small, exquisite and charming Hotel (the water was offered every time when one came back to the hotel a sign of attention to detail and genuine care).The personal and closeness of the service, setting and environment in combination of the attention to details created an ambiance that made us feel so welcome, as we were visiting a friends wonderful house.The elegant, intelligent and friendly owner Shauna greeted us at our arrival and was very much a part of the experience. With wonderful suggestions on dining and shopping as well as a source of information on Beijing and present day China.The personal, direct and simply wonderful service and atmosphere created by Michel, Jerry, Sam, Kathy, The Chef and all the others at the hotel cannot be praised enough!We truly and wholeheartedly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 31 2007 	Wonderfull stay	Just returned from Beijing, where I stayed at this wonderfull hotel for 4 night. I had booked another hutong hotel where I stayed one night and hated it, so my guide recomended this as an alternativ, and I had a great time there. The rooms are nice modern, yet very chines, with a very comfortabel bed, ( could do with a bit loved pillows ) . The bathroom great and all very clean. The living roomwhere there are some great art . and very relaxing, loved it.What makes this hotel extra special is the staff, &quot;there english better the any other hotel I visitet in Beijing &quot;. and there smiles and helpfulness.Just loved staying there. The hotel is in a hutong close to what I will call center of Beijing. I felt totaly safe warking trough teh hutong alone in the evening ( not all taxi drivers will go into the hutongs ) . The only down side is the breakfast as it is the same every morning. Stay it is a lovely experiance.	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent Experience!	We are currently on an around the world trip and had the great opportunity to stay at this hotel. I really can't say enough good things as it exceeded our expectations in every way. The attention to detail, amazingly decorated rooms and service rivaling any 5star hotel made our stay awesome. We really enjoyed the fact it is located in one of the small neighborhoods (Hutong) where you walk outside and are immersed in the local Chinese culture. The staff always went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed and to guide to many of the local treasures. The only negative I can think of is one of the standard rooms is a bit on the small side but an upgrade to a larger room is still a great value for what you get at this place.	
Apr 24 2007 	Unbelievable Find	Let me preface this review by pointing out that I tend to hold hotels to a very high standard. As a case in point, I would refer you to my appropriately-scathing TripAdvisor review of the widly-overrated Lizard Island Resort in Australia:http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g255082-d258042-r4014062-Lizard_Island_Resort-Lizard_Island_Great_Barrier_Reef_Queensland.html)As part of a nine-month around-the-world trip, my wife and I spent three days in Beijing in late April 2007. In one exceptional stroke of luck, I happened to do a Google search of &quot;Beijing Boutique Hotel&quot; in the hopes of finding a truly intimate luxury lodging experience at a reasonable price. The search yielded one interesting link (listed below), from which I made our reservation:[--]After a 40-minute taxi ride into Beijing from the airport, my wife and I started having doubts about the decision when our cabdriver pulled into a cramped alleyway bordered on both sides by gray stone walls. We would later come to learn that this particular setting was a hutong -- a historical district of traditional Beijing stone houses surrounding interior courtyards -- that happened to be smack dab in the center of Beijing's high rent district, no more than a 5-minute cab ride from the Peninsula or Grand Hyatt or a 10-minute cab ride from the Forbidden City or Tiananmen Square. At first blush, you would never guess that the CEO of China's largest company just so happens to live on the same block. Stepping in through two large, bright-red Chinese doors, we were greeted by the Cote Cour SL's exceptionally-kind and thoughtful front desk manager, Michael. As we stepped into the hotel, we breathed a huge sigh of relief as the aesthetic was exactly what we were looking for -- a chic, luxurious and beautifully-appointed boutique hotel created from a restored historical area. My wife, the design and fashion buff of the family, became ecstatic at the sight of the contemporary design with antique Chinese touches. We were shown to our room on the right side of the colorful and cheerful courtyard (the boutique has 12 rooms total) and I, the technology and creature comfort buff of the family, became ecstatic. In terms of technology, our room had a large flat-screen plasma television with more U.S. and English satellite channels than any other hotel we've seen in China (including the Shangri-Las and the Sofitels) and wireless Internet access. As far as creature comforts, our room featured a king bed with plush pillows, soft cotton sheets, terry-cloth bathrobes, an electronic safe and a bathroom with a raised porcelain bowl sink and a walk-in rainshower. This was just the tip of the iceberg in terms of the experience. After seeing the room, we were shown to the very cool and stylish guest lounge featuring some of the owner's private artwork, amazing music and very comfortable seating. The lounge was also where we breakfasted each morning on fresh-baked French pastries, fresh fruit and the most delicious Swiss mueslix we've ever tasted.So, it goes without saying that the hotel facilities were tremendous. But the facilities were dwarfed by the service and attention to detail. We truly felt as if we were staying with close personal friends as opposed to in a hotel. Michael, the front desk manager we alluded to earlier, repeatedly bent over backwards for us in every imaginable respect: arranging for restaurant reservations (and confirming that they accepted credit cards and served vegetarian dishes), obtaining quotes for private car service, hailing taxis, researching Great Wall tours, calling our airline to amend our reservation on our behalf, transcribing restaurant names, addresses and directions into Mandarin and fielding calls from us and our cabdrivers when we lost our way in Beijing.As if that wasn't enough, the hotel's owner, Shauna, was among the most amazing, talented and friendly people we have ever met, anywhere in the world. In our three days at her hotel, she obtained for us last-second reservations at the renowned Made In China and People 8 restaurants (and went so far as to preorder Made In China's famed Peking Duck for my wife), escorted us to see galleries in Beijing's up-and-coming 798 arts district, took my wife shopping and helped her negotiate some hip clothing purchases and took us to dinner with some of her friends. We literally looked into changing our plane tickets to extend our time in Beijing solely because of Shauna and Michael and our amazing stay at Cote Cour SL. Unfortunately, we weren't able to this time around, but we will definitely come back (and hope that she's not so wildly-successful that she doesn't have room for us).	
May 27 2009 	Lieu authentique paisible et confortable		
Jul 16 2007 	Superschönes Hotel in Peking!		
