Apr 3 2009	Terrible hotel terrible staff	Stayed at Grand View Garden Hotel end of March with family. At first the hotel appeared to be clean but on inspection bathrooms were not cleansed properly, hair was evident from the previous customer. Breakfast was a lovely if you were allowed in breakfast area. With the excuse of a full breakfast area ( even though room would not be half filled). Every morning the hotel staff would send asian origin customers to an alternate breakfast area at the back of the hotel where it was cold, little choice of food and lack of staff and no cuttery avaliable. Western customers were allowed to enter the main breakfast area even though I was told prior to them that the room was full. When asked for an explanation, the hotel staff (Jenny) ignored me and pretended that she did not understand, waving her hand to gesture me to leave. Overall very dissappointed with this hotel and never stay there again.	
Nov 2 2008	A reasonable hotel	You might end up staying here if you book the 3 star tour with Wendy wu, The hotel does all the important stuff well - rooms are clean and food okay. It could be better with a little more attention to detail - the bathrooms are a little tatty and i spotted the odd loose telephone wire. I agree the Internet cost is high. I though that the business services secretary would have a better command of English than the chinese average but this did not prove to be the case - i am not sure how she would have coped with typing up a letter or two.	
Oct 29 2008	Average accommodation overpriced extras	Stayed 3 nights with a tour group. Was tour group standard. Rooms OK, Breakfast OK. Even though inside city moat, too far from anywhere.Ridiculously high prices in Hotel Bar (ie bottle of beer in bar was 15times local store price and 4 times local restaurant price)Also they wanted 1.8yuan PER MINUTE of internet access. Found local internet bar for 3yuan per hour.	
Sep 22 2008 	Paralympic Visit 2008	The hotel was everything we expected and more. I stayed at the hotel with my son for 10 days, supporting Hazel Simpson, paralympic athlete. One minor problem with the bathroom (small overnight flood), but this was dealt with immediately with no inconvenience to ourselves. Food (breakfast only for us) was everything we expected. Staff were always helpful and curtious. Barstaff always beautifully uniformed and professional. Soft furnishings in public areas were in good condition. Carpets appeared new throughout the hotel. General hotel cleanliness was excellent. Housekeeping and room cleaning was 100%. Room security - I accidently forgot to lock the Safe one day in a rush to get to The Birds Nest Stadium, - management reset and locked the Safe, and the room-maid &quot;camped out&quot; outside the room to tell us when we returned, - you could't have asked for more.	
Aug 26 2008 	grand view garden hotel Beijing	Stayed in this hotel with my husband and 2 children as the start of our china holiday tour,we had previously spent 3 nights in the holiday inn central. The Grand view was not a very nice place to stay not only was the carpet stained all over the hotel it was also very run down. The hotel room was dirty the bathroom had mold growing in the sealant and black hair on the shower wall, the mini bar was empty even though we had paid a deposit for it and it took 2 days for them to fill it ! We had booked an interconnecting room but instead we had rooms down the corridor from each other and they would not change them and could not speak english when we tried to sort it out. The hotel boasts a bowling alley but that was dismantled years ago and the night club is more like private rooms for karaoke ! The food at the hotel was average even the chinese food was average let alone the american. When we left we had bites around our ankles ( not very nice)Overall i would not stay here again, i would stay at the holiday inn central Beijing which was wonderful	
Dec 12 2007	A pleasant hotel but remote from main sites	Stayed in this hotel as part of a Wendy Wu tour. It was a very pleasant low rise hotel. The rooms were warm, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit worn and the shower rather feeble. Breakfast was very good as long as you got there fairly early. The hotel is a long way out from the city centre and not near a subway either. However, taxis are cheap. There is a supermarket nearby (out of hotel turn right and then turn left at the KFC and it is on the left.)There is a nice park next to the hotel with free entry for hotel residents.Internet is very expensive at the business centre 1.8 yuan a minute, but if you go down to the gym in the basement you can use the internet for free (it is slow though) and get a free gift too!!If like us you finish up your tour here and are flying home with BA, you can check in on-line and book your seats, you just can't print your boarding pass. This does'nt matter as they check you in at the airport.	
Oct 5 2007	Nice Hotel	A lovely hotel, very comfortable rooms - ours had an outlook of the courtyard and others in our group looked out into the gardens. Beds were the most comfortable of the trip. Breakfasts were very busy and staff were not able to keep up with the needs of the customers, the coffee machine broke down every day and we always had to go in search of cutlery and napkins. Food served was nice though and the 'egg chef' cooked a mean omlette. We were able to check in early which was a nice touch having just gotten off the train from Xi'an (11 hours) and able to freshen up and eat breakfast. Check out was a nightmare, very disorganised. Our tour guide received a phone call advising of all sorts of issues after check out such as missing keys and unpaid bills - everyone had paid and returned their keys the hotel just had no idea what was going on. Plus, the most disappointing thing was that there was no complimentary bottled water (as promised by the tour guide/operator) - we had to pay 8 yuan a bottle (special price). This was the only hotel on the tour where this occurred and it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel.	
Sep 12 2007	good hotel bad location	stayed here for 3 nights as part of our kuoni tour - gorges of the yangtze.we were met at the airport by our tour manager Hong (who was excellent) and transfered to the hotel within 90 mins.this hotel is in the middle of nowhere so if you are not on an escorted tour i would stay away as there are no attractions within walking distance.the rooms were of a good size and clean . the buffet breakfast and restaurants were very good although the bar let the place down.only 2 draught beers and the decor was dull and outdated.our excursions included tiananmen square,the forbidden city,great wall(mutianyu section),summer palace and the temple of heaven.we arrived at the wall at 10.00 and had 2 hours to ourselves. it was very hot but not overcrowded.i would not advise arriving at midday with babies as some people did. the cablecar saved the legs and time.the walk around tiananmen square was very thought provoking.there are a few buildings closed in the forbidden city (including the palace of supreme harmony) but as there are so many others this did not detract from the visit.the kung fu show at the red theatre is worth a look. the hotel staff were polite and helpful. overall an enjoyable stay in beijing.	
Aug 19 2007 	Perfectly adequate.	We stayed here as part of our Kuoni tour, China Highlights. Perfectly adequate hotel with a good breakfast. The breakfast rooms tend to be busy as everyone wants to leave at the same time but it's not a problem.The swimming pool is around the back and changing rooms are in desperate need of renovation but apart from that no complaints.Garden at the back is well worth a visit after breakfast.It is some distance from the attractions so if you are not on a tour this might be a problem for you but it was fine for us.	
Jun 23 2007 	Not bad	Clean, tidy hotel but stuck out in the middle of nowhere. Some 'gardens' out the back of the hotel (reached through the hotel, follow the signs), entrance for the public is up the road and they have to pay. A few drinking establishments located outside by the more adventurous in our group and also a couple of restaurants, not much else.Standard rooms adequate, miniscule bathroom with thin towels which did not get you dry but well enough equipped. We opened our curtains to find the biggest satellite dish in the Guiness Book of Records! Ghastly, no wonder the curtains were closed when we arrived in the middle of the day. Buffet breakfast was fine, taken in 1 of 2 rooms. A staff member will indicate which one you should use with a grunt and a toss of her head. Didn't eat anything else there so no idea of standard. Waitresses looked bored and tired though not impolite particularly, didn't take much notice of the customers just cleared the tables. Find own table, bit of a scrum and you share with anyone/everyone else. Take something to leave on the chair when you've bagged your seat or someone else will sit there while you're getting your brekky!On an organised tour so trips out were arranged already, if DiY I wouldn't stay here - uninteresting outside and location pretty much rubbish. All in all a fairly mediocre hotel, neither good nor bad, doesn't really stand in any area really.	
Jun 10 2007	Adequate Accommodation	We stayed at Grand View Garden Hotel in Beijing as part of our 14 days group tour of China in May from Alberta, Canada. We stayed on the 2nd floor and the renovated hotel rooms had met our travel expectations: clean room, clean bathroom, hot shower, and working air conditioning. The rooms were small and the lighting was dim. Hotel staff did not have good command of spoken English, but it did not create a big problem for us. ATM machine was available in the hotel lobby.The quality of the Western and Chinese buffet breakfast was average. Grand View Garden is a Chinese style hotel located in a typical Beijing neighbourhood on Nan Cai Yuan Street. There are shops and restaurants along the street. I don't believe there are any hotels in Beijing, a city of 16 millions people, that is within walking distance to tourist attractions. Traffic conjestion is a daily reality in any major Chinese city including Beijing. Taxi fare is cheap; the most we paid for a taxi ride in China was 26 RMB, which was less than $4.00 Canadian. Behind the hotel is the famous Chinese garden, Daguanyuan, based on the Chinese classic &quot;The Dream of the Red Mansion,&quot; and entrance fee for hotel guests is free. It was very relaxing to visit the garden in the morning watching groups of local Chinese doing their tai chi and exercise routine. This hotel is pretty good value for someone who wants to be a traveller in China. If you want to be a typical Western tourist, look for an American style hotel in Beijing.	
May 13 2007 	Good Hotel	Must have stayed in a different hotel from the last review. We were here as part of a Kuoni tour and we were delighted with this hotel. Our room had recently been refurbished and was lovely with even a drinking water tap. Very clean and comfortable and a good size The garden was fantastic - really peaceful when you think you are in the middle of Beijing. The breakfast was excellent with a bril choice of either western of chinese food	
Apr 28 2007 	Don't go there...	Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 4 days in the start of April, 2007. The hotel is nice-looking, but have some major flaws. First, the hotel is situated a long way from the - ANY attractions, and so therefore you will have to grab a cab, which is no problem. But in a city like Beijing with heavy traffic problems during rush hour, it will take you a long time to get just a few km away from Grand View Garden Hotel. Don't go here if you just NEED to have an english or western-like breakfast - the one at the hotel is absolutely terrible! And VERY, VERY expensive! I believe we payed 135 RMB for the two of us for 1 meal...! The food was cold, and probably not made today - only a few hundred metres north of the hotel is a little 'shop', selling some kind of pancake (chinese fastfood) out the window, which is very good. 2 RMB... Furthermore, we weren't lucky with our room, which had a GRAND view to a giant satellite dish - and the tone in the windows made the room where dark, I guess we would just have loved to wake up with the sun in our eyes. On the other hand, the bathroom was fine, fine and there was always hot water available for making your own tea.At last, the receptionists were indeed not very good at their job; not very helpful, not very good at english or worldwide finger alphabet, and, some of them, rather arrogant. We never got to try the hotels swimmingpool. Our advice: Do not choose this hotel if you're in Beijing on a tourists holiday, but it might be okay if you're there on business - still you will have to order breakfast from outside, though...	
Apr 15 2007 	Would not stay again	I was not impressed. A big difference from the BP International in Hong Kong. Front desk female was combative and rude to our travel agent; very few of the employees seemed happy to work there. Saw a couple of employee arguments during our stay.We arrived with 3 rooms, 2 of which smelled of smoke and mildew. We asked to be moved; got a promise that they would fix the smell, and sent a guy to spray the Chinese version of glade air freshener.We asked to have at least two of the rooms close together (for our kids to stay), and were told that they could not do this. So, our rooms were 1208, 1223, and 1265. Thanks.The meals were not good. There's a few different resturants; but they open up at least 2 for breakfast. I found the meals to be poor - the danishes were at least 2 days old; very stale. Juice despensers were leaky...all of it was unappetizing.We ate dinner once...and that was enough. For $20 bucks a head, we were treated to a buffet that included flat warm beer, cold egg drop soup, and other un-appetizing dishes. All while the help scowled at us and informed us that they were going to close so we'd better hurry up.They do have a shop with a tailor and some food and trinkets. We never tried the pool based on the condition of the resturant and rooms - my guess is that it wasn't very clean but we didn't have the time to find out. The one helpful person was the female night manager - helped us out with shopping locations.All in all, a poor location (takes about 30 minutes more to get anywhere since its south of the city), unclean hotel with unhappy staff. We would have moved out but our schedule was too busy to deal with the hassel.	
Feb 14 2007	No Complaints	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nighs hotel as part of a tour. We were happy with this hotel. The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. And the garden was very relaxing which is hard to do in Beijing. The hotel has a definite Chinese feel so if you are looking for Hilton or Sheraton, keep looking.	
Nov 12 2006	Not a delux but a comfortable hotel	The hotel is not a surprise to us after reading all the reviews. We found it clean although there is a type of odor in the bathroom which we found not very pleasant. As one poster says, the room has a minimum of bedding/sheets; we found it a bit too hot with only the duvet available as blanket. The shower in the bathroom is comletely pathetic - with water just triggled down! Another thing that pissed us off is - our room was in the non-smoking floor (since we specifically asked for it), and yet a neighboring room had a guest smoking openly with his door wide open - so that the stinky smoke spilled all into the hallway. we figured we would not have got any results if we did complain, so we did not.What we found quite unique is the garden and the classical story behind it. It would have been much beautiful had we been there say, a month earlier. We were surprised to find that the Grand View garden is also rated as one of the top 40 tourist site in China. We do not mind going back (since the price is right) - except that we would check the shower first before accepting the room.	
Nov 6 2006	Affordable Luxury	The hotel is located south-west of the Forbidden Palace and on the 3rd inner ring road. Locatioins to most tourist attractions are within 10-30 minutes away by mini-buses (private).The facilities and staff friendliness is a very welcoming experience. Cleanliness is above average. Although the staffs don't speak fluent English (we know they are trying very hard), their warmth and smily faces is enough to tell what they're trying to say, although not all the time when you need a translator.I would go back to this place again in near future. I have not regretted living here as it has offered me a memorable experience.	
Oct 19 2006 	A lot more than an acceptable hotel	We stayed here on a tour for 3 nights. The first impression is good of the Chinese architecture style that the hotel has been built in. Once inside the lobby is impressive, with a large marble staircase up to function rooms, a piano which is played in the evening and another seating area. The check in was efficient, with two sections to check in and a separate area to change money with the exchange rates posted on the wall, we didn't change money here but they were happy to change a 100Y note to smaller notes. There are seats to relax in the lobby, which also has a shop selling Olympic merchandise, which leads through to more shops, selling arts and crafts and a convenience shop with food and drink.Off the lobby is a bar, further down the corridor are 3 restaurants, 1 Western, which was very good, unless a tour party had arrived it was never busy, only a handful of people, even if there was a tour in, it didn't bother the a la carte diners, most dishes seemed to be between 30-100 Yuan. The next restaurant was advertising Abalone and Sharks Fin soup, it seemed to be incredible expensive, but I may have misunderstood. The last restaurant I think was BBQ style with an area in the centre of the restaurant where the food was being cooked.Breakfast was the best we had in China, a good selection of cereals, milk, yoghurt, 4 fruit juices, breads, lovely small danish pastries, plenty of cooked items, bacon, sausage etc, there was a chef cooking eggs fresh each morning, obviously there was also chinese breakfast items. There are 3 rooms for breakfast, which double as the reataurants, these can get busy when everyone is trying to get out for the same time.The room was a good size, we had a twin with 2 double beds, which we comfortable, not hard like most chinese beds, nice linens on the beds, 2 easy chairs, table, TV with english language news channel, and a writing area. The bathroom was fine with a good selection of soaps etc. There was an in room safe, kettle and tea. The mini bar was empty, but was cold so you could keep your water cool, when we checked in we were asked if we wanted the minibar filled.The pool is accessed throught the BBQ style restaurant? I know strange, the pool its self was fine,a decent size, the water was cold, which seems to be the norm for China. Sadly the changing area was shocking, tiny, lockers broken, floor soaking wet, unbelievable really, also you will need a swimming cap which are on sale for 30Yuan, a bit steep as everything else in the country is cheap!The hotel is South West from the center of Beijing, it is not near the underground, we never had a problem hailing a taxi from outside of the hotel, it was less than 20Yuan to Tiananmen Sq and 28Yuan to the Back Sea Bar area. The hotel isn't exactly central, but wherever you stay you will no doubt need to take a taxi somewhere. Sorry didn't take any pictures of the rooms, kept meaning to take them when the room was tidy! and slept in on the last morning	
Aug 23 2006 	A clean hotel with a good range of facilities	After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I was pleasantly surprised by what I found. Our room was clean, comfortable and well-provided with the expected facilities. Breakfast was good with a wide choice of foods for every taste. Staff were helpful and polite. There is a large park at the rear which was pleasant to walk around in the late afternoon or early morning.	
Jun 25 2006	Not too bad	Stayed here for 3 nights while taking an organized tour in China. Not a hotel I would choose myself.It probably was a luxery hotel in the 80's but it is now behind on renovation. Although everything you expect from a 4 or 5 star hotel is here, it is looking a bit old and outdated.Minibar was completely empty and after asking it was filled. The room was very difficult to find. The hotel looks like a big mase.Breakfast was horrible. Alhough it states that they serve continental and American breakfast, this is not something I would pay for myself.The staff in the hotel bar was not nice and not like seen in other places in China. Drinks were overpriced for Chinese hotel average.Breakfast bread tastes like it has no salt, orange juice is water with a flavour, you need to find your croissant with a magnifying glass, and the breakfast area is not big enough to accommodate that many tourists that need to eat their breakfast at the same time.Their are some chinese restaurants, a KFC, a big chinese supermarket and a pharmacy in the neighbourhood. But apart from that this is a boring place. None of Beiings tourist locations are nearby. So unless you like a boring place or are only here to sleep, skip this hotel.	
Jun 5 2006	Boring and a bit worn	This hotel is situated in the south western part of Beijing; far from everything. Contrary to many other hotels in China, this hotel has been built with very few floors, but very many rooms on each floor. It can be a bit hard to memorize the route to and from your room the first night or two.The room I had (2157) was large, but looked a bit &quot;worn&quot; - especially in the bathroom. Although the bath was clean and tidy, there was the odd brown spots here and there. The room was quiet. Very little outside noise from other guests.The hotel service was good and efficient, and the breakfast restaurant had a great selection of various kinds of food and drink, that should cater for most tastes. Even cold milk was available.The bar and the small hotel shop catered for most needs, when in the hotel. The hotel has ATM for Visa and MasterCard and others. Lobby is large. Internet was not tested. As in most chinese hotels, you can use both european and australasia connectors for 220V 50 Hz.Even if you're not looking for &quot;nightly excitement&quot;, the hotel is boring. Good quality boredom, alas...If you're looking for a hotel room only needed for sleeping, this is as good as any. Otherwise pick something else. Here you're not even taking a nightly stroll outside. There's &quot;nothing&quot; in the neighbourhood.	
May 4 2006	Not Impressed!	When i arrived and went to my room i was horrified! The smell of the room was horrible, we had the kitchens right below us, all of the furniture in the room i.e. the tables and chairs were on top of the bed, there was chewing gum stuck on the bathroom side, the window was so dirty you could hardly see out of it, and the view that i had was a huge satelite dish that covered the whole window, not so grand! I went straight down to reception and asked to be moved, and we were within an hour, the next room was ok, smelt a lot fresher and was overall a lot nicer. The breakfast was ok, apart from if you go down at a busy time you have to sit on a large round table and share with other people, didn't like that so much, and this hotel is every much out of the way, i felt like i was the only english person in beijing when i went for a walk down the road to the supermarket. Would rush back in a hurry!	
Apr 8 2006 	Ok except for the location	I spent 5 weeks at this hotel. While the room rate is more than acceptable at less than RMB 400 its location leaves much to be desired. You will have to take a taxi to go anywhere. And there is very little of interest in the nearby streets. There are more local people than foreign tourists staying at this hotel. The foreigners are mostly people travelling in groups.There is little as far as entertainment in the hotel except for the ubiquitous bowling alley. It was often deserted and I usually played by myself. At least the hotel was very quiet.And beware that the staff does not speak English. This hotel might not be ideal for tourists.	
Jan 8 2006	I would stay again	Stayed 7 days here while touring Beijing. Rooms were small, clean, and comfortable. The staff was very accomidating. Laundry was quick and cheap. The hotel has a bit of a tradional flair, which I liked. It may be a little out of the way, but I preferred that as well. Anyway, a taxi is cheap, and we spent most of our time getting around that way. The breakfast buffet was convenient but average, but at least they had good coffee. Had dinner only once in the hotel, and it was also average and relatively expensive. There are too many places to explore and eat than to eat in the hotel anyway. There was a small grungy cafe just down the street that had great food. They will throw live shrimp in your face before they cook them so be prepared.	
Jul 27 2005	Lovely Garden within hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in June. The hotel has a choice of 3 restaurants which are expectedly more pricey but affordable than say restaurants outside. In the basements there are a disco, snooker table and bowling alley which I believe are free for staying guest. Rooms are adequate and comfortable and there is a safe in the room which is not firmly attached to the wall - so beware !!Within the hotel there is an access to garden which is amazingly beautiful but door from the hotel closes around 3pm. Non staying guests will only have access through the main gate of the garden which you have to pay entrance fee. Location of the hotel is on a side street with not much to see, apart from 1 or two restaurants. Its very old and dusty and not much to do unless you take a taxi. Hotel itself is ok but I would not recommend this hotel based on location( although the hotel is quite popular for holding special events). At the time we were there, there was a special conference for the China Olympics.	
Jul 13 2009 	???????????		
Jul 12 2006	risque de poste restante		
