Oct 23 2009 	A great choice!	I stayed there for few days in September this year. The price is accidentally cheap!! I had a club room but only about RMB1000 per night. The location here is suitable for business and leisure. I enjoyed their cocktail hours very much for the free flow champagne. The room is modern and the view is not bad. The bed, quilt and pillows are so comfortable! The steak is amazing in their X-Change bar! That must be my best steak ever in Beijing. However I had seen the most ridiculous scene ever in my past hotel experience. I saw two hotel girls chased around in the club lounge like playground. The fat woman in suit must be in some kind of management level, so that how could she does that? It is really really ridiculous and unprofessional. Besides that my stay was pleasant.	
Sep 21 2009 	One of the best IC's in China.	I stayed at the IC for three nights in September. Room 1901 on the Club level was modern, spacious and quiet..very comfortable. Huge plasma tv, dvd, etc.Upon entering the hotel, the lobby is a bit on the smaller side but comfortable. All restaurants are located on the fifth floor. I visited the Steak Exchange and had lunch at the buffet restaurant. Both very good, but expensive. A dry vodka martini will set you back US$18! The piano player at the Steak Exchange plays from Tuesday till Saturday...one of the best I heard..excellent jazz pianist!The Club lounge on the 6th floor opens from 5pm to 8pm for happy hour. Other IC's I've stayed in on this trip were only open from 5:30pm to 7:30pm. A very nice selection of hot and cold finger foods and a decent selection of drinks. Champagne was missing but it may have been provided if one had asked - not sure.I read some reviews that the location of the hotel is questionable. I disagree as it took 15min by taxi (18RMB) to go to T'square and the Forbidden City. There is not much to see immediately outside of the hotel but I recommend taking a taxi to other top hotels near by to explore their restaurants and area surrounding them.Tip: When exiting the Forbidden City and you want to move on by taxi - beware of the quoted prices and insist on using the meter, if you get through to them. I wanted to drive up to the Olympic Park to see the Bird Nest and was quoted 500RMB by two drivers. After walking to a near by Crowne Plaza, I hopped in a cab outside the lobby, directions were given by hotel personnel and the drive to the Birds Nest cost me RMB 22! City hopping from hotel to hotel is inexpensive and you can cover a lot of groud in a short amount of time.	
Sep 8 2009 	Top Notch!	Room was very big and was exceptionally clean. All the amenities fit for a 5* were there. Bathroom had separate shower and toilet rooms along with a tub in the main area. A glass window separates it from the rest of the room so you can watch some TV while bathing. TV had DVD player. Staff were friendly and helpful, and the reception area was lightly scented to give a good, cozy ambiance.Subway station was a 5 minute walk away. Not much in terms of restaurants on this side of the street as mostly offices nearby. Never ventured across that big boulevard to search for more. Felt too intimated to cross so many lanes.	
Aug 11 2009 	Perfect stay	Check in was fast and very typical for upscale hotels in Asia .The room was spacious ,clean and very comfortable .Bathroom was huge and shower with a bench was very relaxing after a long day sight seeing .Changing travlers cheques was not always easy at front desk .Like how many time do you need to see my signature for real now .Language was also a stumbling block	
Aug 3 2009 	Nouveau riche	Very nice rooms, although a little small. Overall I found it extremely pretentious, which would appeal to some but not my style. From the hotel's fleet of BMWs sitting out front to the high end stores in the lobby, it was a bit garish.	
Jul 18 2009 	Prime position for business	Not far from Central Beijing about 4 miles but traffic can be a major problem. Look for the subway trains as a taxi at the wrong time of day can take an hour plus. Intercontinental standards throughout our stay.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel. Good location great Service good value	Stayed in the hotel for a week in club level. Have only good things to say.The club was great, the service was first rate, hotel reception and Concierge were helpful and made my stay as enjoyable as a business stay can be.Amazing fitness facility - one of the best I have seen in a hotel (with the exception of the Interconntinnental Wien in Austria).Ultra Modern Room, good choice of places to eat, elegant decor, great location for the business side of town... Perfect.	
Jun 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for business and I was accommodated at the Club Room with complimentary access to Club Luounge: my stay was fantastic, very beautiful room and excellence housekeeping service. Excellent check-in made directly into the room. I tasted buffet dinner at the Monsoon restaurant: fresh ingredients, excellent quantity of food and very good service!!! I went 3 consecutive nights and I really enjoyed... Congratulations to Justin Channe, GM of the hotel !	
Jun 7 2009 	Very good again - repeat customer	I am an American expat who lives in Asia and get to experience many great hotels all over the region. Beijing is a great city to visit and this hotel is very consistent in its quality and service delivery. The Mansoon restuarant is the best of the 3 main restaurants there. I think the Chinese restaurant could use some new energy in the kitchen.As with other reviews, the club room can be worth the price when you include the breakfast, snacks during the day, and drinks at night (Tha champagne being served last week in the club room was Mumm). The internet connection is also included in the room.I was travelling with my wife, our son and our helper. We got two adjoining rooms and the hotel provided a crib. The crib was nice but might be a little dangerous for taller kids.The Fitness center is excellent and the spa is nice, however I hate it when they make men where those net like underware that are too small for western size men!Overall, I would suggest this hotel for work or leisure.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent Modern Hotel	I stayed several times at Intercontinental - Beijing for business and each time I was there staff recognise me and treated me very well. I love going back to the hotel because is new, modern and rooms are beautiful , very clean and spacious. I love the bath staff as well, that always gets points from me. I must admit that the location is not the best just becasue the taxi drivers never know where the Financial Street is, and each time I was heading to the hotel I had to call the hotel and give the phone to the taxi driver for the instructions. Once you are there, all your frustrations are gone. I always traveling on my own, and I am a female so it is very important for me to stay in safe and secure environment and Intercontinental - Beijing certanly is.	
Apr 20 2009 	Wonderful Stay	This is our first time at the Intercontinental Beijing in the Financial District. The service at the hotel was impeccable. The staff were professional and helpful. The hotel is tastefully decorated with a very soothing atmosphere. They have a really great spa and the gym is one of the best I have seen. The only down side to this hotel is that it is not as close to some of the tourist sights but transportation in Beijing is very convenient now.	
Apr 9 2009 	For me the BEST InterCon	Stayed a third time now at the InterContinental on Financial Street. It is just heaven on earth in terms of service and quality for me. The doorman and club lounge staff all know my name, and go to great efforts to upgrade me every time I stay. I am just so impressed about how these folks go out of the way to help me. The Breakfast is superb, and the Steakhouse, even though expensive, is worth the money after a long week on the road! This hotel ranks as the best in Beijing for me, and the best in the InterContinental Group around the world that I have experienced!	
Mar 30 2009 	Fantastic	We recently spent 4 nights at this beautiful hotel after a 14 day cruise which finished in Tianjin which is the port for Beijing. We booked a Club Room and were given a fantastic room with every amentity.A Club room is worthy booking as the breakfast, nibbles throughout the day and the evening drinks and eats are enough for anyone. One night we enjoyed Mumm Champagne and ended up sharing the bottle between the two of us.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to Beijing.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very "Lost in Translation"	A good quality if somewhat souless business hotel. Close to metro, offices and a shopping centre. Service is fairly efficient, breakfast good and varied. Bedroom/bathroom well appointed if lacking in charisma. Swimming pool and gym facilities were excellent.	
Feb 22 2009 	great stay	If you're looking for a great hotel for 2 in Beijing not far from the center and not that expensive, just choose this one.Hotel is located 5 minutes walk (400 meters) to metro station and price (end of 2006) where more than affordable.Hotel is new, rooms are hudge (50 square meters), beds are large and very comfortable, pool is great (25 meters long), hotel staff is nice.Bathroom is having a large shower and a separate long bathtube.To summarize, this great hotel is my favorite one for 2 in Beijing	
Feb 17 2009 	upscale business hotel	It is typical of an upscale business hotel. The buffet breakfast has a lot of varieties, including Chinese and English. The Chinese side has rice and dishes which you can treat them as lunch.The view is not great but the rooms are of good size. The interesting thing is the bath tub and the room is separated by a wall sized glass window. Although you can pull the blind down, some may feel uneasy if you share the room with other people.The swimming pool including its facilities looks pretty nice. The inside of the hotel are decorated definitely upscale. The ground level is comparatively small.The water pressure in the shower was not strong (I was told it is all like that in Beijing) and the sewage flow was slow. The service was responsive.All in all, it was a good experience.	
Jan 29 2009 	as good as ever!	During our recent trip to China, we stayed at the Intercontinental Financial Street three times -- and every time was a pleasure! The rooms were excellent; the staff were solicitous; the breakfast was wonderful! And these stays were our third year in a row for lodging in this hotel. So it is a wonderful place! The only negative comment would have to do with its being located in the west of Beijing. But two stops on the Circle Line are quite close -- and the door staff are very fast dealing with any request for hailing a taxi. Special mention should be made also of the concierge's desk. The men there are dependable and knowledgeable. All in all this has to be about as good as a hotel can be!	
Jan 27 2009 	Safe warm great location	We stayed 5 nights at this property with two different classes of rooms (we did a side trip so checked out then back in on the club floor).Both rooms are of a high standard. The club room has a little more in terms of &quot;looks&quot; and space.The service is exceptional and the food we had was excellent.Breakfast Buffet is one of the best we've had. The dinner Buffet is excellent value too. We tried Zen for Yum Cha and again, it proved exceptional - the Peking Duck was served up perfectly.The Internet Connection pricing is extortionate but if you are on a club floor, it is included in your room rate. The Happy Hour in the Club Lounge must be taken advantage of - the place was empty and there is all manner of food and drink to make you smile. The Hardys Red Wine (usually about US$100 bottle in China) was free (ok - its a very average wine but hey it was free!!!). Use the lounge area for some quiet time - Internet access is free too on this floor (in fact, the system tells you that you have 30 days free usage on that floor).Booking a Club Room gives you many benefits especially if you use the Lounge - do it!Pros:Perfect place to stay for business or touristsGreat selection of RestaurantsWell positioned in the financial districtCons:The price of steak is eye-wateringThe Wine list may be extensive but its very expensive	
Jan 26 2009	Best hotel of our trip but some problems	Stayed in a Club room for a week in early December. The location is fine. We didn't find it inconvenient for sightseeing, eating or drinking, and we travelled all over the city every day and night. Yes, you will have to take some cabs, but we only experienced one really bad traffic jam in a whole week (and that was trying to get back to the hotel at 5:30pm on weekday). The subway is a very convenient way to reach many areas, and it is less than 5 mins walk from the hotel. In addition, the hotel is a short cab ride away from the hutongs of Houhai, which contain lots of little bars and restaurants. There are also a number of small eateries behind the hotel (we had our best noodle soup of the whole trip here). The room was very well appointed with all the usual amenities of a 5 star hotel. The pool, gym, steam and sauna facilities were also very good.Breakfast was excellent in the main restaurant and slightly more limited in the club, as is usually the case. The canape selection in the evening was pretty poor, but there was always plently of cheese etc. Afternoon tea was practically non-existent in comparison with many other club lounges. The wonderful aspect of the restaurant and the club was how quiet they were - perhaps this was because we visited in winter, but it was very refreshing.The hotel suffers from some of the problems all Chinese hotels suffer from, whether they claim to be 5 star or not. Service can be patchy, and this was especially evident in the club. Although the club manager was excellent, as were a couple of other staff members, mostly the staff were neither overly friendly nor helpful. In most hotels the club staff act as a concierge service for club guests when it comes to restaurant and travel bookings - not always the case at the Intercon, where we were redirected to the concierge unless we happened to be talking to the manager. Which brings me to the other problem common to many Chinese hotels - the concierge service is patchy, and we were sent on a couple of wild goose chases (and I'm talking about simple things here, like being assured we could get the boat to the Summer Palace despite our strong suspicion that the lake at the Palace would be frozen - it was). Laundry is ridiculously expensive, especially given the cost of labour in China. I wonder when free or discounted laundry will become a standard benefit of club rooms - it seems so stingy to milk guests when it would be so inexpensive for the hotel to offer this perk.Overall, this was the best hotel we stayed in in China (we were there for a month and stayed mostly in 5 star hotels). However, the service was inferior to the equivalent standard of hotel just about anywhere else in Asia. Once again, the Intercon is not alone in this respect and in a few years I'm sure mainland Chinese hotels will be offering the same service as other hotels in the region. The problem is that Chinese hotels charge the same as hotels in major cities with top notch service like Hong Kong and Sydney, so one leaves feeling a little hard done by.	
Jan 19 2009 	Good hotel but not the most convenient location...	The room, the view, and the selection of restaurants are pretty good. There is a buffet restaurant/cafe, and a steak house with live band (well, two people band) playing. The food at the steakhouse got my thumbs up, but a bit pricey. Service at the hotel lives up to its &quot;five star&quot; claim. Except for the reception and concierge. The reception and concierge was pretty scattered with information for checking in and/or tour information. Don't expect too much in getting help with your luggage, what you'll get is a stare of some sort, unless you specifically ask for a hand.The location is not as convenient as we thought, except for the department store almost right around the corner of our hotel. For us it was not the best location to find a restaurant that's walking distance. Overall we enjoy our stay and the hotel lives up to its expection.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Hotel - loved it!	We were in China visiting Beijing, then Shanghai for a holiday trip. The stay at the Intercontinental was from 1st Jan to 4th Jan. Location wise - it was in the financial district. We were there during Yuan Dan (which is New Year day and it was public holidays for a few days in China). Hence, we did not encounter very bad traffic jams. The metro is around 5-10 minutes walk away and is an ok way to get around. But, I can imagine it is difficult to get to and away from the hotel during peak hours as we experienced on our last day of stay. The area around the hotel had heavy traffic. It is not walkable to the various tourist spots and hence, would suggest to take the taxi or the metro.The room was very good. It was huge with a spacious bathroom. Bathroom is nicely fitted with a lovely long bath which was very inviting. Likewise, the bed was fabulous with nice linen as well. Only grouse is the tv is not the plasma tv for the room we stayed in.The gym was well-equipped and spacious and was open 24 hours. The spa was quite good as well and opened til midnight. Staff was friendly and helpful. Overall, a very enjoyable stay in a beautiful city.I think that it would be a good hotel to stay in over weekends/public holidays or if you do not need to travel to / from the hotel during the peak hours.	
Dec 6 2008 	Loved it!!!!!	My favorite hotel!I was staying at a local 3 star hotel for $90 which had a makeshift gym in a room, no pool, below average service etc. and decided to check out early and &quot;treat&quot; myself to the Intercontinental. The Intercontinental was on a completely different level of class and service. The check in lady was a foreigner (think Russian) and was soooo nice and helpful. The bell boy was so nice and remembered my name. The hotel is beautiful. The gym is huge and new and has everything. Pool is nice. Locker room is immaculate and has a nice jacuzzi, sauna and steam. It was so quiet.Free internet. I think it is very classy when a hotel does not charge for internet. Breakfast was great and included in the price. Room was beautiful and big and you are greated with soft music as you enter. The dinner buffet (separate charge) was worth the western prices. I was planning on just staying one night to &quot;treat&quot; myself but after realizing it was actually a few dollars cheaper than a 3 star hotel which charges you extra for everthing I stayed the rest of my trip here. After spending your day touring the city with the crowds and difficulty in language it is so nice to come back to the Intercontinental where it is quiet and beautiful and everyone speaks great english.The only negative is that it is in the finance area and a little far to walk to places but the taxis are plentiful and cheap.	
Dec 3 2008	Nice Hotel	This is a great hotel. I stayed in a grand deluxe room, which was very nice and had a huge bath. The hotel is conviniently located, about a 10 minute walk to a subway stop, but taxis are very cheap.The only downside were their high prices. Internet for 24h was 120rmb, a coke from the minibar 40rmb. I will definetely stay there again when i am in Beijing.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Hotel	Excellent hotel in nice location. Room very spacious and clean and certainly to a 5 star level. Hotel staff very efficient and friendly.Close to a subway line which can take you to major tourist sites. Subway is almost always crowded but very cheap at about 3rmb per one way ticket. Taxis very cheap ( about 30 rmb to Tian'anmen Square from hotel) and the easiest way to get around. I would highly recommend this hotel. Smoking rooms are more common in China so do make it very clear that you want non smoking and it may pay you to email the hotel as well directly just to remind them of this requirement if non smoking is important to you.	
Oct 4 2008 	First rate hotel but no taxis available	This is a first class hotel and clearly a 5-star. The rooms are great and the facilities are as good as it gets. This is a very quiet area but there are a number of western restaurants and fast food joints in the area including Starbucks.There was some big problems in checking-in but the manager who goes by the english name of Carmen was very pleasant and did a great job so I was able to keep my cool though all this.One problem with this hotel is the lack of taxis. In a few occasion we had to wait a long time, even returned to sit in the lobby until one taxi arrive. I was a little more stressed when I had to leave for the airport and there was someone else also waiting. Essentially the hotel staff does nothing to fetch a taxi, just wait for one to drop a guest. In contrast just next block, at the Westin, ever time I walked by , there were 10 taxis waiting in line. One final comment. I booked though the chain's website. They have an internet lowest price guarantee but i have found it impossible to get them to respect this even when I proved a lower price was available on the internet.	
Sep 28 2008 	Quiet Oasis in the Financial District	I just stayed 4 days at the Intercontinental on Financial Street (Sept 08). I stayed in a Capital Suite, with Club Level privileges. The hotel is a contemporary styled hotel with an intimate, rather than large lobby, and you get a more relaxed and friendly feel. Everyone knew my name and made me feel welcome. My suite was extremely large, with a completely separate living room, with couch, chairs and coffee table on one side, desk on the other, with a full view towards the city. I used it several times for business meetings with 3-5 guests and everyone was every comfortable. It has a separate minibar, with large flat screen TV (DVD player included) above. There is a separate entry way, and door to the bedroom and bathroom areas. A modern bathroom is separate from the bedroom with separate toilette and shower areas (incredible multi-head and rain options) and two separately spaced sinks, with a large view of the city (electric shutters). Bedroom was spacious, great comfortable bed, pillows and furnishings (and another desk, lounge chair etc). The hotel was quiet and I never heard any street or hotel noise. I felt that the staff truly went out there way, in everyway, to accommodate and make my stay perfect. I had one small issue and a language problem and you would have thought the world had stopped, as the assistant manager and others made sure that I was completely satisfied. The management takes even the smallest issues very seriously. There is an adequate workout room with all new lifecycle elliptical and cycling trainers and treadmills, and weights and machines. Pool area is great and all impeccably clean. I tried the Monsoon Restaurant for lunch and the buffet, with cold seafood and sushi on one side, and hot food, French desserts on the other was really top notch, and delivered like an upscale stand alone restaurant. The Club Level breakfast was excellent with a great working espresso/cappuccino machine, great fusion inspired snacks and major well brand alcohols for happy hour. Also, I had free internet service. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone having business in the financial district or for those who want a more relaxing top quality hotel. I will definitely be back here next time in Beijing.	
Sep 13 2008	Very nice hotel	This hotel lives up to the standards of other Incontinentals where I've stayed, with some minor issues. It's modern and clean, and the service is doting. I wasn't thrilled with the food in the lobby restaurants, and they mixed up my order the first time (no doubt due to simple language issues). My room was very nice, and room service was just fine. There's a Starbucks just opposite the main entrance for those needing a fix of something familiar. I didn't take any walks from the hotel, but I had the impression it's well-situated and not impossibly far from Tianamen Square by foot.I was slightly annoyed not to be able to take a western newspaper in the lobby for free (just bump up the room rate by a dollar or two), and then slightly more annoyed when I found out I couldn't just charge it to my room. These can only be described as &quot;luxury problems.&quot;Breakfast was very good (omelettes to order, etc) and served in a nice setting.	
Sep 4 2008	Exhuberated a fresh and modern feel with some small operational issues	Intercontinental Financial Street has a fresh feel to it, having undergone extensive refurbishment in the run-up to the Olympics. The property is situated in a purpose planned financial district with mainly large office buildings (with proximity to our office being the main reason for choosing the hotel).The restaurant serves excellent food in an open-plan, modern setting. I can also highly recommend the breakfast buffet which offers a wide array of cuisine from continental to traditional Chinese food for a reasonable price.The standard guest room is spacious, with all the expected modern amenities (LCD TV, contemporary furniture, internet access) and a very compelling bathroom design.One small concern is that they still haven't fully taken care of all the issues that occur during a refurbishment. There was an annoying water leak by the bathtub which disturbs ones sleep, and a colleague spoke of problems with the toilet so seems to be a consistent issue they are yet to resolve.On a general note a pleasant and nice alternative for luxury accommodation in Beijing.	
Sep 1 2008 	Beijing Olympic home - great place to stay	I recently spent 17 nights at the Intercontinental Financial Street to attend the Beijing Olympic Games. You would think that with all the activities surrounding an Olympic Games, any hotel would have a major challenge in taking care of its guests. The Intercontinental's problems were magnified by the fact that USA Basketball (yes, that includes both the men's and women's basketball teams and all their supporting staff), were also in the hotel, making it a mini-Olympic Village. Nevertheless, the hotel managed to be both a great retreat from the frenetic activities of the Olympics and a bit of an oasis from the heat of a Beijing summer. Every member of the staff was smiling, pleasant, and could not be more helpful. The head concierge as well as a young Hawaiian-American manager were particularly helpful, whether in getting a taxi or making dinner reservations, even in the middle of the Olympics (and at the best restaurants in Beijing). The laundry service was efficient and relatively inexpensive for a hotel, and the rooms very modern and luxuriously comfortable. The Monsoon Restaurant was great for late lunches or early dinners to accommodate an Olympic schedule, and the Steak Exchange was a wonderful (if pricey) steakhouse and bar. If this hotel can perform like this during an Olympic Games, I can't wait to try it during a somewhat more quiet time. Highly, highly recommended. And it is not nearly so far out of the way as it would seem, 15-20 minutes by taxi to almost anywhere in the CBD.	
Jul 8 2008	Great service!	Great hotel, amazing customer service - if you like quality modern furnishings and freindly staff, this is the place for you. Breakfast is AMAZING - you won't need to eat again all day!Only improvement is that internet should be free...	
Jun 24 2008 	A hidden gem.	I stayed at the Intercontinental for five nights in early June. I had a basic room at the club level. The Intercontinental seems to cater primarily to business travelers, I imagine largely because of its location. Because I was traveling with my mother, who has limited mobility, we would have had to take taxis no matter where we stayed. So we did not really lose anything by staying here. Others might prefer to stay at the hotels that are on or within walking distance of the *hugely* overrated Wangfujing Street. But those hotels may cost you far more than the Intercontinental. And they may not achieve the five star service they claim to provide.And take it from me, the service at the club level of the Intercontinental is fabulous. As soon as you step foot in the hotel you feel taken care of. The Swiss-trained guest services manager at the Club Level, Spencer, is simply top notch. His staff takes ownership of any difficulty you might have and tries to resolve it as a matter of principle. We would have difficulties during the stay: with food, slight illness, scheduling. But over and over again the hotel staff found ways to solve them.That makes this hotel far superior to other allegedly luxury class properties like, for example, the truly wretched Peninsula Beijing.Breakfast at the hotel is excellent: far superior to the shockingly poor Jing Restaurant at Peninsula, but in terms a variety a cut below, say, the Meridien in Shanghai, which has the best breakfast spread I saw in all of China. But again, the Intercontinental's trump card is service. When chef Ernie Zheng discovered that my mother has particular dietary needs, he patiently walked her through the *entire breakfast buffet line,* telling her the ingredients in each item. These are simple acts of kindness, but ultimately the things that make a stay memorable, They are the hallmark of five star service. They are make a hotel special and worth going back to. Standard rooms at the Intercontinental are very large. The room I had, for example, was bigger than the one I had at Peninsula, even though the latter was the largest non-suite room available.Bottom line: the Intercontinental is a gem. It is absolutely worth the extra expense to stay at the club level. The hotel's bright, sharp, well attired young staff is friendly and world class: the best labor force in the service industry that I encountered in China. If you don't mind the hotel's location, you're in for a treat. And you won't want to leave.	
Jun 24 2008 	what a fabulous and remarkable little gem	we had a really lovely stay in this hotel. The staff were excellent and certainly worth the upgrade to Club. The rewards for upgrading are worth it in many many ways, you certainly get value for money from a dedicated check in area, to better rooms, quieter breakfast area, club lounge facilities, free drinks and endless supplies of dim-sum and pastries galore!You also get free laptops and internet connection - and the staff cannot do enough to please you. they remember you by name and treat you very special. The concierge on the main desk were thoroughly helpful and patient and their advice was spot on and helpful.Beijing itslef was an experience !!! Glad we went before the Olympics kicks in. Language is still a great difficulty, but do try and go on a number of tours as you will really find out alot more than you thought. Taxi's are chep, food is cheap and there are lots to do and see...great wall was a bit of a let down, but its still a wonder and worth the visit.	
Jun 15 2008 	Intercontinental Financial Street	The hotel was very nice. Room itself was quite spacious. In fact the bathroom was nearly as large as the sleeping area. Both were nicely decorated. Can't comment on the bed as pretty much anything would have been fine after the flight there.Staff was very eager to please. At check in there was an issue with my rate being different than what I booked and they worked very hard to resolve the situation. (Tip. Always, always bring a copy of your confirmation and rate with you when you are traveling in China. There seems to be an issue in at least 50% of the hotels I stay in.)One of my party used the fitness center and said that it was wonderful.Prior to my departure from the US, I contacted the hotel and requested that they please e-mail me the hotel name and directions in Mandarin to me. They complied immediately and included a nice map that I was able to show to the taxi driver at the airport.For those of you needing a Western food/coffee fix:1. Exit the front door of the hotel and walk to the left.2. At the street take a left.3. Walk to the end of the block and turn right.4.Walk a block (approximately) and you will see several restaurants on the left. Starbucks, TGI Fridays, an Irish style pub, etc. There is also a mall and other hotels nearby.	
Jan 6 2008 	Brilliant Beijing Intercontinental	This is a brilliant hotel and felt truely five star (by european standards) to me. It made our holiday and was very reasonably priced. As soon as we arrived - with the wind roaring outside, the doormen ushered us in and brought us little hot towel. A very simple thing but a reflection of how every single member of staff was welcoming, helpful and really made you feel looked after. The room was spectacular and food excellent (breakfast is an enormous buffet with every continent represented - my favourite was waffles with maple syrup and dim sum!). On the taxis thing - this whole thing is a red herring. Generally, none of the taxi drivers have a clue where they are going - so you'll often have trouble with taxis going anywhere (they don't have the same street naming / numbering as in the west). However - we had the INTERCONTINENTAL card and without exception, the taxi drivers found their way there (which is more than I can say for most destinations in Beijing!). Generally - my tip is always have a mobile and the phone number of the place you are going so you can put the cabbie on the line and let him work it out.Pool and spa is excellent and we enjoyed a lovely - soothingly painful! - chinese massage. We stayed in a delux room. I did not see the standard rooms but for the extra cost - I'd recommend to anyone to spend the money (everything else is cheap as chips out there).In short - the hotel was an oasis of calm and civilisation in a city that westerners can often feel quite lost and alone in. The hotel made our holiday and I could not speak highly enough of it.	
Nov 21 2007	Best business hotel in Beijing	The Intercontinental is a great hotel. It is new, clean,, and well run. Service was excellent and rooms are large. Bathrooms are extremely well appointed. It is in a relatively new business district, so taxi drivers may not know its location. However, it is worth the extra drive.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Stay in Beijing	This was my second trip to Beijing and although I was a bit worried about staying in the 'financial district', I found the Intercontinental to be very good with better service and amenities than the Four Seasons Beijing, which I stayed at last year! We had a beautiful Club Room (#2222) which was absolutely wonderful. Very bright and sunny, HUGE comfortable bed (felt larger than our california king at home!), large working desk, a nice dresser and separate table and chair for having coffee or room service. The bathroom is separated from the room in the smaller part of an &quot;L&quot; shape and has a separate tub which is right up against the window and looks out to the city.Prior to our stay I had contacted the concierge to organize a trip to the Jin Shan Ling section of the great wall. They organised a van and a driver for five of us to drive us there and pick us up from Simatai (after our 10km hike). They also recommended a very good travel agent for our two day tour to Xian to see the Terra Cotta Warriors.The Bar was very large and nice, with live music and ample comfortable chairs and great ambiance. Although we did not eat there, they do have a wonderful champagne brunch that we would have liked to try if we had the time.All-in-all, this was my best hotel experience in Beijing. Perhaps because the staff there are all very well-trained to assist business clients. We did not find the location to be troublesome at all - no more than an RMB20 taxi ride from the Forbidden City and convenient to the airport as well.	
Nov 9 2007	Superb in almost every respect	After being pampered earlier in the year at another ICH property, we decided to get a club level room at the InterContinental Financial Street Beijing. It was a great choice.We actually stayed here twice in the same trip, as we used Beijing as a jumping off point for other travels. Both experiences were great, the second more so as we were upgraded to a club suite on the second stay. This was the result, we suspect, of a combination of Priority Club membership combined with a lack of customers (it was Golden Week, and the hotel was very uncrowded).The club level rooms include breakfast, which was plentiful and varied, tea-time service (2-4), with tea and a multitude of snacks and munchies, Happy Hour (5-8), again lots of munchables plus an open (free) bar with several wines, bubbly, a selection of basic spirits and beer. You could have very easily had enough food for lunch and dinner at tea-time and happy hour if you were so inclined.The club lounge also had several laptops available with wireless access for use both in the lounge or elsewhere if you wanted to take them back to your room (room was wired internet connection).The health club (and it really is a health club) has a nice indoor pool, a HUGE hot tub (really, 20 people could fit in this monster), and a wet and dry sauna, as well as a locker room and showers. Big, fluffy robes, sheet-sized towels, and little amenity kits with razors, combs, toothbrushes, etc... are everywhere. An impressive assortment of exercise equipment filled a large (basket-ball court sized) room.The rooms are new, large and modern, with very spacious bathrooms, appointed with large whirlpool tubs and glass-door, rain-style faucet showers, and a nice array or soaps, lotions, and toiletries. Large (46&quot; I think) LCD TV, with two in the suite on the second stay.Staff was very helpful and courteous. Room service was also very good. As has been noted elsewhere, the hotel location is in the financial district, so if location is important to you, you may want to take a look at a map of the city and decide if it's right for you.And speaking of room service, the only downside to staying here is the cost of the food and beverage on the property, though that can be said of most high-end hotels. We had room service several times, and it cost almost as much as a night's stay each time. Can't complain too much; it's not like they kept the prices hidden from us.All in all, a very pleasant stay, and well worth the ~1400 RMB or so that it averaged out to per night. Would stay here again, even without the upgrade to the suite we got on the second stay.	
Sep 27 2007 	Club Level Room Inter Continental	I stayed for a quick one night stay for in the morning I was running around Beijing taking in the sights. I booked the Club Level due to traveling in Asia knowing that spending a few extra bucks up front has great dividends later on in the stay. This proved very true for this particular hotel because upon check in I was escorted to the Club Level lounge for check in, offered free morning buffet and lunch. Although I did grab the breakfast buffet I did not grab the lunch. The breakfast buffet was excellent. I enjoyed it offerings and was full pretty much the rest of the day except for making room for Beijing duck. As far as the room goes I like my large king size bed with the flat screen TV with multiple languages available. I particularly like to watch ESPN, CNN and CNBC while in Asia and this TV had all of them so it was nice. The hotel proved internet service for free. The bathroom was good size. Large bathtub which I really don’t care to use but it’s available. Separate toilet room in the bathroom as well as a stand up shower with adequate water pressure. Work desk, robe, slippers, toiletries and safe all in room. As far as the location I was traveling with a local so I didn’t have any problems but at the same time the taxi’s had trouble locating the hotel and also driving to places we wanted to go from the hotel. I really don’t understand the language so as far as what was discussed I really don’t know but Beijing traffic I worst then any given day stuck on your worst roads in America. I do know the distance from the Beijing airport to any hotel or local in Beijing is quit a drive with traffic. I found the staff to be normal attentive hotel staff. Not overly helpful but attentive and willing to help if need be. I was surprised that when I arrived no one offered to help me with my bags but I don’t find that to be all that important of service to be provided by a hotel any how just odd staying at a relatively nice hotel that wasn’t on the list of things to do for the hotel staff. Overall I am very satisfied with the hotel but I will look for a hotel located more towards places such as the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square seeing these are things I enjoy to visit while I am in Beijing.	
Aug 20 2007 	Excellent accomodations in Beijing	I was somewhat anxious about booking a hotel for my first trip to China. We chose the Intercontinental Beijing because it had very reasonable rates and it's a trusted chain. The hotel was great! I was relieved the second I walked in my room. The lobby is modest, but the staff is attentive and speaks English well, and the room was wonderful...spacious with excellent views and a huge bathroom. Plus breakfast included in our rate was really good with both eastern and western food choices. The hotel is not in walking distance to tourist attractions, but in Beijing you have to take a taxi most places and the fare is dirt cheap.	
Jul 6 2007	Great Value Hotel but a bit far from the centre	I have been to Beijing for many times. This is the first time for staying here. The hotel is value for money as it is new and comfortable. The breakfast is Ok , not bad but not impressive. The only problem is that you must take TAXI to go out. The Tube station is a bit far away. The traffic in Beijing is quite bad that you might have spent quite a lot of time on travelling if the only choice is TAXI.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great place	Beautiful spacious roomsGreat serviceSuperb pool. I don't understand why people downgraded. The health club is modern and well equipped. Internet is not wireless but is a breeze and free.The extras like the minibar are ourageous but otherwise the hotel is just superb.	
Jun 21 2007 	Intercontinental is good value	Spent a good couple of nights at this hotel. Service is excellent, prices are reasonable and it's very close to the forbidden city.	
Jun 3 2007 	A nice place to stay	A great place to stay. The Westin and the Ritz are just around the corner. The Ritz has similar rates online for deluxe rooms. We checked out the Ritz and fell in love, although the hotel guests are elder at the Ritz we might check it out next time.Room, Bed, Shower, Breakfast, Service was top noch at the Intercontinental in Beijing. It is a bit out of the way, bit Taxis are so cheap, that this issue is not worth mentioning!We would stay again.All Ambassador Priviledges were given without any problems!	
May 10 2007 	Attentive staff and great facility	Our five-day stay over the May 1 Labor Week Holiday began painlessly with a upgrade during check-in. The bedroom was clean and functional and the bath was especially spacious with a pair of wide frosted-glass sliding doors meeting in the center. This made for a wide bathroom entrance which is unusual and enhanced the room. Some annoyances with pipe noise and a overheated wall behind which was the hot water piping, but nothing to call the management about. Luxurious thick bath sheets about 5'8&quot; long and great amenities made it the best. I had a few minor issues with housekeeping, but overall it was good.The bed was great, western-style medium firm, and the 40+&quot; flat-panel tv worked well. Broadband internet was free and fast, wired and wireless. The room was well maintained and the room faced east, resulting in a sunrise view. (However a new high-rise is being built right next door, which by early 2008 could be noisy.)The staff was very pleasant and were aiming to please. After a day or two, they remembered our tea/coffee and newspaper preferences. The breakfast buffet was as expected, plentiful, fresh and top quality. They still lack a non-Chinese (uncensored) morning newspaper in English, but they did deliver a same-day Asia Wall Street Journal to the room later in the day. The doormen were especially gregarious.The concierge desk seemed to lack some experience in handling dinner reservations and specific directions for the taxi cab drivers. Two of the cabs got lost in the vicinity of the restaurants. However, their advice was excellent. One restaurant could not be found on-line or in guides and was a real find. The subway is the short walk as mentioned in other reviews, and easy to navigate, being completely bilingual. It costs 3 Yuan, or 40 cents. Taxis are cheap, but Beijing is a big spread-out city, so some rides of 40Y ($5+) and greater are common. This is a very safe looking and spotlessly clean business neighborhood with a non-tourist shopping area near the subway to find some interesting things.I mostly stay at Intercontinentals around the world. For China, this one seems to be about the best. As for the chain of the five-star hotels, this property is average. Of course, the Intercontinental average is a high bar to meet.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great hotel excellent service	Booked this hotel using the hotel website, Intercontinental hotels are usually promising, this is by no way an exception.Service, breakfast, dinner is excellent. Check-in was instant, and the twin-room really nice, surprisingly quiet considering the view on the second ring road. The bathroom has a glass wall, really nice touch.Only downside I could think of is the distance to the nearest subway station (8 minutes by foot), but taxi is really cheap anyway and well worth it considering the time you save.	
Jan 5 2007 	Divine Hotel in a great setting	Exquisite, luxurious, refined, exclusive...I could go on but in short this hotel is fantastic. I got a great internet deal for a deluxe room which added to the splendour. We were warmly greeted from the minute we stepped out of the taxi until we checked out. Staff were attentive to our every need, and would even spontaneously press the tap and hand a towel during a visit to the rest room. Another example, was when we walked the corridor to the lift, a staff member ran and pressed for a lift before we got there - you can't ask for a more premium service then that can you?As for the room...modern, spacious, airy and fittingly designed to compliment the surrounding financial district of Beijing. Great bed, even better pillows and perfect bath and seperate shower facilities. All you need after a busy day in the city. The only down side is the price of the food/beverage menus. 40 Yuan for a coke or a beer is strange and a little expensive compared with other hotels.	
Nov 30 2006 	Not as good as last year...but still ok.	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in November. It's my 4th stay in the past 2 years. Unfortunately, my review will not be as positive as the first few times. It seems that the 'honeymoon' period is over. I sent the hotel concierge an email 3 weeks before my arrival but never got a response. When I finally checked in my club level room, it was disappointing to see that none of the promised 'return guest' amenities were there as they were during my last 2 visits. Most of the hotel staff did not seem to be as well trained and professional as the old staff. A big improvement, however, is their restaurant. The buffet was quite impressive, as well as dishes off the menu. Unfortunately, the local guests are making this elegant establishment more noisy and smoky. My favorite parts of this hotel are its location, the bathroom, the towels, the bed and the view from the room. I would still choose it over other chain hotels in the city though.	
Nov 19 2006 	Fantastic but room for improving	II stayed 9 nights in different trips to China during October. This hotel is in general terms fantastic, specially the rooms. Fantastic bed, great towels, and a very nice bathroom. The spa and 25 meters long swimming pool are just terrific. If what you like of a hotel is the “hardware” this is probably the best in Beijing and one of the best city hotels. But there is room for improving. It is the lack of details what make this hotel not being perfect. You feel noone is paying attention to you, the level of English is very poor, no international newspaper, very bad service in the Chinese restaurant. I left the Chinese restaurant one night without finishing my dinner and without paying the bill, just because I had been waiting and waiting for my second course that neve came, I told them I wanted to talk to the manager next morning, no one contacted me. Probably what this hotel lacks is being run by an American company. It is a pity to say this, but it is a fact that the best personal service in 5 stars hotel is provided in American hotels. If you want to experience it, just go to the Hilton in Chongquin.	
Nov 14 2006 	Loved the Interconti		
Nov 1 2006 	Great Hotel		
Oct 12 2006 	Excellent hotel if the location meets your needs		
Oct 4 2006 	Excellent Hotel - Just be careful with extras		
Sep 19 2006 	Great business hotel		
Aug 4 2006	The best		
May 15 2006	Very smart albeit quiet location		
Mar 28 2006 	Best Kept Secret in Beijing		
Sep 11 2005	Really excellent new hotel especially for business travelers		
Aug 27 2005	A true find in Beijing!!		
Nov 12 2009 	excelente hotel		
Sep 7 2009 	Agradable estancia		
Aug 29 2009 	Ein Vorbild für viele andere Intercontis		
Jul 24 2009 	?????????		
Feb 14 2009 	???????????????????????		
Jan 12 2009 	??????		
Oct 5 2008 	???????		
Jul 18 2008 	Hôtel de très grand standing et à l'excellent qualité de service		
Dec 23 2007 	Excellent séjour à l'Intercontinental Pekin		
Nov 26 2007 	Lujo Asiatico		
Sep 4 2007 	Mein Lieblingshotel in Peking		
