Oct 28 2009 	Great hotel in great position	Stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel, large business type but very good. Rooms spacious , clean and comfortable. Hotel has a geat indoor pool and fitness centre. Breakfast very good.The really good thing is the easy and fun walk in the evening. Walk towards the Bell tower, right on the main road infront of the hotel and then left at the traffic lights. On a gentle stroll down this road will pass all sorts of eating places and life. At the end of that street on the right are 2 excellent restaurants, a Vietnamese and a Chinese. Go round the corner and you come to an allyway on your right which takes you into the Hutong area by the lake which is brillaint for night life, bars and restaurants. Strongly recommend hotel and area	
Oct 6 2009 	Comfortable rooms great view of city	Comfortable rooms and beautiful hotel. However, not up to 5 star service. The reception staff were completely unaware of restaurant services and opening hours, including the evening duty manager. Room service brought us one set of cutlery for 2 meals and by the time the second set arrived the food was cold. All staff do not have a good grasp of english. We could not book dinner in any of the restaurants and had to eat out on 2 nights. The reception stafff are unhelpful with simple requests. Breakfast was fine but not up to the standard of a 5 star hotel. Still nice to stay here though.	
Aug 30 2009	Oriental Bay Hotel Beijing China	We travelled with one other couple from Shanghai to Beijing on July 25th and stayed at the Oriental Bay International Hotel for five days. We were impressed with our rooms and the magnificent lobby. Staff were courteous and polite. There is a canal in front of the hotel and the metro or subway is a short walk along the canal under a busy intersection and back up onto the main street. The rear of the hotel leads out into a street with small stores where you can purchase basic packaged food staples. A few small restaurants are also on this street. There is a local Internet Cafe close to the hotel and can be located by walking to the street at the rear of the hotel, turn left until the end of the street and then turn left again, the internet cafe is the last building on this street. We enjoyed the Western buffet breakfast at the hotel in the morning complete with egg omelette, pancakes, bacon, toast and an assortment of Chinese food.	
Jul 30 2009 	Comfortable well-appointed. Good food selection.	Rooms and beds were very spacious. Concierge service was useful for booking taxis etc. Not much of a view from our room - we looked out onto a bank's offices but the noise levels were fine.Good choice of both Chinese and Western food for breakfast but did not experience any other meals as we ate elsewhere due to arranged tours.	
Jul 29 2009	An imitation of an international hotel	It looks good as you approach it, even though the area is quite drab. The lobby, too, has cosmopolitan aspirations. Unfortunately, the architect's vision does not trickle down to staff level. There are plenty of them, but they don't all seem to know why they are there. The concept of service seems a bit alien to them. Basic items - napkin, spoon, salt - are often missing from the breakfast tables. Waiters go around topping up people's coffee cups but you have to find your own coffee to start with. The luxurious, French-style restaurant on the top floor should be avoided unless you want to play a practical joke on someone. The food looks like haute cuisine but tastes like nothing on earth. They also serve a red liquid called house wine which has the aroma of grease on hot metal.The rooms are OK and there is a special,small-bore pipe in the bathroom for drinking water. The laundry service is good.	
Nov 24 2008	Excellent 5-Star	I was traveling with a group of 66. This hotel was awesome. Very clean, staff extremely personable and very willing to assist. Most spoke English. Restaurant at hotel is open 24 hours and the food is good at 2 in the morning. The breakfast buffet is A+. A variety of foods-both Asian and Western. The rooms are very large, comfortable and roomy.	
Nov 22 2008 	Looks nice from the outside and lobby rooms are so so	hotel looks great from the outside.Location is reasonable.The first room I got had a leakage in the ceiling with water drops over the sink (brushed my teeth when drops of water fall straight on my head)Toilets were smelly.Had to change rooms.AC didn't work - so had to sleep with an open window until it was too noisy.concierge service was great.Breakfast was horrible - not fresh (especially the bread and pastries)Although the price was low, I will not come back - there are so many other options near by.	
May 19 2008	Modern friendly would stay again.	I just came back from about a week's stay at the hotel. Breakfast was included daily, and included choices from all over the world, American style bacon, eggs, pastries (not fresh daily.) Also they had Asian types of food such as soups, rice, vegetables. It sits right on the city moat at the 2nd ring road. Close to Temple of Heaven and Ya Show for shopping. Behind the hotel is a small 7-11 &amp; Korean restaurant accross the street from there. Rooms at the hotel were very roomy, spacious, modern. GLass shower, deep tub, marble. Large closet, safe. Free bottled water, but no refrigerator - or ours wasn't working anyway. 3 chairs, a desk, lots of storage space for all your things. Friendly staff, concierge. ront desk could use more help. Not a lot of staff speak english, but they were always willing to get you someone that could assist. Business center had internet for small fee. I would recommend for Olympics. Taxi cabs were readily available and cheap. Also close enough for Olympics - Bird's Nest &amp; Water Cube less than 10-15 mins away.	
Jan 27 2008	Great hotel close to Olympic Stadiums	This hotel was wonderful. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. They give free internet access, which is a plus. The rooms had very nice decor, warm and inviting. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 10 2008 	smart hotel shame about the smelly toilets	An excellent 5 star Hotel clean ,good staff ,english understood and the food excellent.Only complaint was that at certain times of the day the bathroom smelt of sewage.this is common in the new buildings in china and you have to run the taps and flush toilet to get rid of it .The staff in the end moved us to another room which was no problem.The air conditioning would only blow hot air which meant the windows were left open at night (another problem in china)Pool and gym very good but no private changing facilityssmall problems but all solved	
Jan 2 2008	A very nice Hotel	This was the second hotel we stayed at on our China tour. The hotel is located on the 3rd ring road of beijing i believe. its right next to a metro station so its easy to hop into Beijing central.The hotel itself was very clean, as was the room and the bathroom. we had no issues through our stay.Nice breakfast but not as nice as our first hotel JC mandarin in shanghai, but you made most of the choices of food, western foods, oriental foods, healthy options. The tea was wrong, it was wrong all over china, just couldnt get a decent cup anywhere.we stayed three nights at this hotel and it was a pleasant stay.the bar in the lobby is quite nice, as is the 24 hour restaurant, which serves western and local food.The swimming pool was under repair for the period of our stay which was dissapointing as it was sparkling swimming pool.view from the hotel wasnt all that as we were facing the ring road, but we didnt go there to peep through hotel window!summary: nice and clean hotel, rooms feel fresh and new. superb location 10 mins to central Beijing on the metro which is on your door step.	
Nov 30 2007	Great 4-5 star hotel	The Oriental Bay Intl. Hotel was a very nice large hotel. A great place to start our trip in China. The decor was nice. The rooms were nicely sized. The hotel's ammenities were excellent. Be sure to check out the workout room &amp; pool....even if just to take a look.Breakfast buffet was also superb. Plenty to choose from in both Western &amp; Asian food.Everything seemed brand new except the hall/room carpets were a little worn or stained in places, but other than that, everything was top notch!	
Aug 27 2007 	A great place to stay	Oriental Bay is a lovely hotel-the rooms are very spacious and front desk staff very helpful. There is a wonderful buffet breakfast both Chinese and Western tastes are catered for. &quot;Le ceil &quot;restaurant on the 20th floor was worth a visit and as you can guess had amazing views and can provide buffet and a la carte selections.Leisure facilities were very good-the pool was a little on chilly side and the sauna was self service needed tobe switched on(perhaps this was an energy saving drive). My daughter and I would recommend the in house massage service for those feeling the effects of jet lag.There is a small kiosk selling postcards,stamps confectionery alongside a tailors and tourist shop.Plenty of lifts to all floorsThis was the first experience of Beijing hotels at the start of our tour with Oriental travel.Deserving of 5 star status	
Aug 20 2007	Fantastic start to our holiday	We arrived very early in the morning after two flights from London and seeing the Orientalbay Hotel was a very welcome sight.We required two rooms for our family of five. The rooms were nicely set out and in our room we had a double bed plus a single bed but the room still wasn't crowded.The staff were all very helpful and couldn't do enough for you.The resturants in the hotel were all lovely and the food was of a very high standard.The children enjoyed the swimming pool in the hotel, though I found it a little cold. We had a evening coat made at the hotel tailors which was excellent value for money and made to a very high standard.We had a fantastic view over the city. Our tour operator was Oriental Travel and they had planned an excellent holiday.	
Sep 24 2006 	the people	OrientalBay International HotelBeijing, China, AsiaDate : Februari 2006 for two weeks.I have to say it looks good on the outside and nice and clean on the inside. The level off service is good no problem. Dont drink the water from the tab is spiced whit chlorine. They give you 2 bottels off table water every day for free and some noodels of cource. The people in the breakfastroom are very nice after one or two times the know you and give you a nice place to sit. There is for everybody to like chinese or western even for the moslims (halal) food is there. The AC (Airco) is better to turned off to keep it cool in youre roomget one on the southside 1719 or soon it the coolessed place there.They have a sauna health center and swimmingpool. restaurants are ther too and a converence center internet acces.Youre close to the city centre and Lama temple (you have to go there) Soon ill will go back and probaly stay there agian.the trouble off the AC system is on every hotel there so this does not mather anyway.	
Feb 22 2009 	??????????????		
