	Absolutely fantastic. The only negative is nothing it can do anything about..	Just about everything about this hotel is fantastic. The front desk extremely friendly / courteous. Excellent English. They go above and beyond to help you out. The renovated rooms were a delight. Extremely clean. Non Smoking Room actually was non smoking (rare in China). Internet access for 90 yuan a day very well priced. But..... ....the one thing that lets its down is nothing it can control: location: it is a block inside Ring Road 1. This means that you need to pack whatever you need for the day when you leave the hotel given the main attractions in Beijing are nowhere near where this hotel is located. It also means you need to think if you buy something; you can’t simply just pop in and drop it off… Traffic means subways (15~20 min walk away: go to the 4 Line, not the 1 Line) are still a better option at certain times of the day. Conclusion? This place is an absolute lock if you have plenty of time (or have cash for cabs, some refused to take me to/from the subway station) If you have limited time in Beijing, I would stay somewhere closer to where the attractions are. Whether I'd recommend to a friend depends on how long they are in town for. Which is a real pity because this hotel really is THAT good.	
	BEST PLACE FOR TRAVELERS	it was so good to 2 nights when i was at beijing.I feel so good at breakfast.value is good tooi will come back maybe	
	Excellent and travel advice	I think this Hotel is very nice, I do not see any point in spending more words in describing how luxury, and superb are the facilities as you have already like 200 reviews about that. I am just going to focus in something I hope many travellers like us would find very useful. I am totally agreed like many people in this forum before me that if you are good with orientation and following simple signs and instructions, why you would need the hotel to rip you off to do trips and things that you should be more than capable of doing on your own. We never had to use storm services and never saw the point in doing it.First of all you turn left when you exit the hotel in the main reception/gate and you walk 10 metres and there it is a main street (Caiyuan St). And as usual in any main street few shops some restaurants and the most important thing just walking on that main street to your right with the hotel reception on your back, there is a bus stop in front so you need to cross the road with buses going to your left always the main gate of the hotel on your back. There 3 buses going trough than main road 56, 395 and 423. The main one is the 56 which takes you to Nanlishilu metro station (Line1 which is very convenient to forbidden city and many other attractions), the bus just stops metres from there, you cannot miss it only have to do is to be alert and you will see the metro station on your right if you looking in the direction the bus is going. The 395 has a last stop about 500 metres from Fuchengmen station (line2). I never used 423 I do not have a clue where does it go? I strongly recommend the 56 once you use once you will use on a daily basis, it runs very frequently it costs 2 yuan and people on the bus can help with directions they are getting very used to see foreigners on board. I truly do not understand some comments on this forum about the area where this hotel is. There shops and anything you need in Caiyuan St just next to the hotel, so I do not know what people else are really expecting to find out there.....If you need more than the usual get a hotel next to a mall or shopping street, centre .....Now if you arrive to the international airport could not be easier to get to the hotel, get the express train from the airport to Dongzhimen big interchange station and from there get line 2 in the direction of Beijing Railway Station up to Changchunjie which is in the same line. Now remember this station as it will be very important in case you take this good advice of using public transport as much as you can and spend your money in nice restaurants, museums, shops etc avoid the ripping off from dodgy taxis from the hotel .....At the same time you will have fun going around as the rest of Chinese people. Public transport in China is absolutely perfect, better than in some European cities....Let’s get back to this important station called Changchunjie in line 2. We used this station to get back to the hotel but you could perfectly used the same buses and stations as you did to get out from the hotel to anywhere in the city. The thing is if you are coming late this is a good option just get to Changchunjie exit the station trough exit number which is closest to street called Changchun St which is a wide street and remember orientate yourself as you need to go south to the hotel. There is a corner in this big intersection where Changchunjie is, where the exit is very close and all taxis are going through, it did not take us more than 5 mins to get one just signal them to stop. As a rule of thumb and important advice never get a taxi in China which is just stopping somewhere, always stop a taxi in the road, or call for a taxi in the street. All stopped taxis are to rip you off heavily, there are just waiting in different areas, all of them speak semi English and look very polite but if you jump in one of them you will regret when it comes to pay the bill. From the hotel to this station by taxi is just about 10 yuan, remember the minimum fare in China anywhere will be 10 Yuan you cannot pay less than that. Taxis that you stop in this corner are fine with maps from the hotel, mini maps, instructions in Chinese etc because from there to hotel they should be very familiar with the big streets and avenues they have to use. And just to finish I will strongly recommend the following places/attractions, forbidden city metro station next to it in fact 2 of them to choose from (Tian’anmen West and East), the forbidden city, square and museum are in between these two stations. Now the superb summer palace one of the best in Beijing to do, can be reached at Beigongmen(Line 4), never get any taxis from there the metro station is perfect and very quick. The temple of heaven which is another must do/see, can be seen at Tiantandongmen (line5). Apart of this I will say at evening/night forget about the crap of Wangfujin market and area. Go to the area of the drum tower of Beijing neighbourhood. The street I really want to recommend is Nan Luogu Xiang, Beijing where one can find many shops and restaurants in the heart of some lovely hutongs. The best metro station to get to this area is Goloudajie (line2) if you get there and you walk to Jiugulou street south towards the drum tower, you will be impressed with the amount of nice restaurants to eat just in this street and when you get to the main one, is besides of a beautiful hutong style street with many other side hutong nice streets is absolutely full of bars and places to chill out. We just got there and kept coming back on few nights as it was so nice, cheap, safe and convenient.That is I really hope people find easier than ever to move around from this hotel without the need of anyone apart of a nice guide book, these instructions and you will never regret, will have a very pleasant hassle free stay at Beijing and will love this city as anyone else. I do not say anything about how to get to the Great Wall any section and the Ming tombs because there plenty in the forums here. We did Simatai taking the bus at Dongzhimen long bus station to Miyun and there a taxi. But as I said there plenty of info in the forums and other web sites like http://www.chinahighlights.com/.	
	good place to stay	just back from Beijing we stayed 4 nights, hotel is really nice, service great and not too expensive, the only problem is the location, it is not in downtown you need taxi or subway to go in city center, and traffic jam take you long time to go with taxi from city center to hotel (30 to 40 min) but we managed without any problem, taxi are really cheap, so go there and enjoy, there are small restaurants around and a supermarket.Dinner Buffet is half price during week end, so you eat and drink for 2 for less than 20 euros, and it is good	
	Hidden Gem	After reading many positive reviews on Tripadvisor we decided a stay with Holiday Inn Central Plaza. As many reviewer have addressed, it's actually not located in Central Plaza (as its name implied) but in the less tourist location of South-West Beijing. Do not be fooled by the map location, it's really not close to any major attractions or the No. 4 subway line. Although taxis are plenty and you can always get a taxi from the hotel to any sights. The room was typical size for a moderate priced hotel and we found it to be clean and comfortable. The room's furnishing and bathroom fixtures were modern and adequate. The bed's mattress was on the firm side. There’s nothing in the hotel that has any wow factor, the wow factor is Beijing. We did have breakfast in one of the hotel's restaurant. The morning buffet was adequate servicing a mixture of western food and local favorites. Service was nice and efficient, most of the waiting staff understood English Because of the hotel is located in a residential neighborhood, nearby restaurants were more local flavor, less touristy, and great values. We found most restaurants had English/picture menus and were able to communicate our orders from either photos or point to the dishes on the adjacent table. We did notice that there were items NOT in the photos, as no one can explain the “tonight's specials”.The only minor issue we had was taxis from The Palace Museum and WangFuJing to the hotel. Because of the hotel's location away from tourist area, we encountered many taxi refusing to take us to the hotel during the late rush hours. This was easily resolved by taking the No. 4 line close to the hotel and then transfer to a local taxi.Overall, I would recommend the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing. It’s a very well valued hotel in Beijing.	
	Thank You Storm!	We had originally booked to stay at the Peninsula Beijing. But after reading numerous rave reviews of Storm, the concierge, I would very much like to see him in person. Husband thought I was a little crazy, but agreed since we could save some money as well.The hotel staff were all friendly and attentive. Check-in was smooth. Our room was on the Executive level, included breakfast, internet and evening drinks and snacks. The hotel room was spacious, clean and comfortable.We knew the location was not ideal and was prepared to take the taxi to and from our destinations. But we encountered problems with the taxi drivers to take us back to the hotel. Apparently the street &quot;Caiyuanjie&quot; is a little known small street. Many taxi drivers would not bother to study the map on the hotel card and refused to take us.On the third day after breakfast, we spotted Storm across the lobby. Husband went over to say hi. We told him we planned to hire a car to visit the Ming Tombs and Mutianyu. He suggested that we should include the Sacred Way and visit a less commercial part of the Great Wall. As his shift was ending in a few minutes, he offered to take us there. At first I thought he meant to make all the travel arrangements for us, but he actually came with us.On our way back to Beijing in the evening, I noticed he was very tired and yet he still insisted to take us to see the Olympic sites, as we would otherwise be stuck in the rush hour traffic. When we tried to pay him, he refused to accept any payment. He said his reward was seeing visitors having good memories of the trip.Well, this day with Storm was definitely the most memorable and amazing day that I have experienced in all my travel trips. Not only we got to see the breathtaking views, we also made a friend with this extraordinary person, Storm.Would I stay at this hotel again? Definitely!	
	Location not great.......otherwise an excellent hotel.	Stayed 6 nights this month, first time in Beijing for my wife and I. OK, the bad.......Location - The Hotel is not located near Nightlife, shopping, restaurant or sightseeing areas, and is also isnt close to the subway. Taxis in Beijing are cheap however, but drivers can sometimes have some problems with locating the hotel. Food - room service food isnt great, and the food at the main restaurant &quot;salt and pepper&quot; is also very average.........however, also located in the hotel is &quot;Zen&quot; and excellent chinese restuarant..these bad points are really quite minor.ok now for the good.....Value - fantastic value at the moment, the rooms and amentities are excellent....a very good 4 star hotel. We were both really impressed with the hotel. The staff are also very very good. This hotel is very well managed. Storm Li - best concierge i have ever dealt with. If you stay here and are in BJS for a holiday make sure you search him out, the junior conceirges are OK, but Storm is fantastic and really made our trip.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for anyone traveling to Beijing on a holiday.....for business, location may be less than ideal, however its a very good hotel.	
	The expectation was high and.......	I guess I wasn't disappointed.We stayed for 5 nights ay the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in November and chose it because of the high TA rating plus a Priority Club special offer. With such a high rating I was hoping I wasn't going to be too disappointed and in most cases all the reviews before are quite accurate so I am not going to add too much other than a few points...1) The Hotel itself is a little old but the rooms are still in good condition2) The hotel offers a car service from the airport at 550 RMB, it is about 1 hour drive and the traffic can be quite bad in BJ. I thought this price was too high so we caught a taxi (we currently live in Shanghai so no real problem) which cost about 140RMB. (make sure you get the hotel name and address in Chinese beforehand to give to the driver) On the way back to the airport we used a car and driver that took us to the Great wall 2 days before and he charged us 180 RMB.3) The &quot;Storm&quot; (see other reviews) didn't appear until the middle of our stay and was very helpful in arranging the acrobatic show; he even called the pickup service while we were in the car to make sure everything was OK. A nice touch.4) We were going to take the bus tour to the Great Wall and Ming Tombs organised at the concierge desk but a colleague arranged a car and driver for the day and we went to the Great Wall and Summer Palace, no guide nor does the driver speak English but this gives you the freedom to do what you want. It costs a little more but not that much, we paid 680 RMB for the driver and car, the bus tour was 350 RMB per person but this also included admissions and lunch. The concierge also offered us the driver option for 800 RMB but said the bus tour was better!5) We used taxis rather than the subway which looked too far away from the hotel. The hotel &quot;take me to....&quot; card had the distance and approx prices for a taxi ride which was very useful as the taxi drivers are not as friendly as in Shanghai. As an example, we wanted to take a taxi back from the Temple of Heaven to the hotel (The hotel card says 6km and 20 RMB) but the first one wanted to charge 80 RMB, the second and 3rd just refused. The fourth was a goodie and charged us the meter rate. We actually had a mixed experience with the taxis but it is still a cheap way of getting around in China. The highlight for us was getting the &quot;singing taxi driver of BJ&quot; who magically appeared as we came out of the acrobatic show, I was expecting to have to negotiate a price and was willing to pay double the normal rate but he not only used the meter but sang to us English songs all the way back, He knew them all, even started singing Waltzing Matilda when we said we were from Australia. It was quite lucky to get this guy and even though he was just a poor taxi driver he was probably the first one I have ever come across that we could hold a conversation with in English. I wished I could have got his number.6) The only two disappointments with the hotel are first, with the wine list. (selection and prices) It was not the choice we have had at other hotels in China and the prices were double the normal! Secondly not have a computer available for internet access. The wanted to charge a very high amount for using one in the business centre, very dissaponting :-(7) The location is probably not the best but the rate was good and if you are travelling to different sightseeing spots it doesn’t matter too much where you are.Anyway, a good hotel, very friendly and I would go back.	
Nov 25 2009 	Which Hotel in Beijing? this one	For the people who dont know Beijing, you will be satisfied with this hotel.As people have said it is out of the centre,but with taxis so cheap its not a problem.My wife and i stayed 3 nights in November 2009.The aim was to see the sites so you go out early and get back for dinner.This hotel was relaxed, spacious, well furnished and provided a breakfast buffet that was first class in every respect.The executive room package was also very usefull after a tiring day.Being a first time visitor to Beijing we were a little unsure of the services offered by the young man named Storm.Having used his services i have to say he was very very good.He arranged for a taxi to meet us at the airport 150 cny. Before we left England he purchased Bullet train tickets on our behalf. i paid him 9 days later, he kept in touch with us throughout our stay and was allways there for us if we wanted his help.In fact all the staff in the hotel went that bit further to make our stay comfortable and enjoyable.	
Nov 23 2009 	An absolutely excellent hotel - with great staff and service	We just came back from a long trip through China, where it ended with a three day sojourn in Beijing at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. From check-in onwards, we had nothing but a wonderful experience. Staff was attentive, had great command of English, and the concierge was more than helpful (a special shout-out to David, who really went out of his way to ensure we were taken care of in and out of the hotel). The hotel is located about a 5-8 minute cab ride from the subway station, and is about a 10-15 minute walk (depending on how tall you are, I suppose). Use the subway system if you can - it is super easy and everything is written in English. Otherwise, most of the key tourist areas are about a 15-25 minute cab ride away (Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, etc.). Summer Palace was about a 30 minute cab ride - cost us around 50 RMB one way. There is a great restaurant just a block away called 'Youth Restaurant'. Great food and great service there as well. There are also two supermarkets nearby so you can grab things in bulk if needed (i.e. water, snacks, cheap beer, etc.). Make sure to book your room with the breakfast included. We found the breakfast to be quite tasty with numerous options available. What would have really topped this part of the trip off was free internet. :-\Bottom line - if you are looking for a 4 star hotel for under a $100 USD/night, you need to stay here. Highly recommended.	
Nov 19 2009 	A great place to stay	I stayed here in October 2009 for four nights with my 8 year old daughter. I have to say I was very impressed with the room, food, comfort and overall levels of service. The room was large, modern, clean and very comfortable. Apples were given on arrival and a bottle of water each was supplied everyday. Bathrobes and slippers were a nice touch. The only downside was that the aircon was next to useless. Not a problem in October but a potential big problem in summer. The swimming pool was lovely to come back to in the evening as was the steam room and sauna. Buffet breakfast was superb and set me up for the day. The evening buffet represented extremely good value with my daughter eating free. The selection and quality of food was very good and it had an excellent sushi chef. The location is ok. It is about 3km to the nearest subway station, and about 7 or 8km to some of the major attractions like the Temple of Heaven. Staff were universally very good, and would go out of their way to be helpful. There is a good team atmosphere at the hotel. Should I visit Beijing again this would be my hotel of choice and I would not even look at anywhere else.	
Nov 13 2009 	NUMBER 1FIVE STAR HOTEL IN CHINA	I've been china many time. but before for work only . this time I brought my family came with me . we all got booking from asia room site.we got really nice family room. the room here much more large than hotel in thailand, and really different style. With all beautiful decorating in the room.my son love it and my husband as well. we love hotel and the most important the toilet was very very clean .... Very luxury five star hotel . Strongly recommend to all .	
Nov 12 2009	A memorable experience !	I travelled with my daughter to China.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel &amp;found the staff most helpful &amp; polite.Really liked the main entrance lobby area---spacious &amp; modern.Concierge most helpful in arranging excursions around the city --in particularGreat Wall/Olympic complex /Forbidden City/Summer palace &amp; more ! Enjoyed the hotel restaurants &amp; relaxing in the bar &amp; also a swim in the roof top pool.I particularly enjoyed a rick shaw ride around the local vicinity close to the hotel---great atmosphere !This hotel offers both leisure &amp; business travellers all they need.	
Nov 11 2009 	Storm made our stay!	My sister and I traveled to Bejing as part of a university experience in Weihai. We picked this hotel because of the reviews and most especially because of Storm Li. Our connecting flight out of Minneapolis was delayed a day because of bad weather. Storm kept track of our progress and still had someone waiting for us at the Bejing airport when we finally arrived. Since we missed a day Storm had the hotel comp us a meal during which he helped us plan the shortened version of our stay in Bejiing. He arranged everything, including the Peking duck dinner. He even came to the restaurant to help us plan the next day. Everyone at the hotel was great. The rooms were very much a bargain. Don't even think of staying anywhere else. This is the place to stay in Bejing!	
Nov 10 2009 	Faultless stay Maximum value Thoroughly recommended	If its value, excellent service, good food, cleanliness and a no fuss hotel you are looking for then this is the one. I stayed here for 4 nights and had a near perfect experience. Staff are very helpful, smiley and speak good English. CNN and BBC tv channels, internet in bedroom for 90Y a day, ATMs, shop, business centre, gym, pool, given a city map and address cards to show taxi drivers - excellent. &quot;Storm&quot;, the concierge manager is a find and a half! Ask for STORM. He made my stay very special by going that extra mile and really caring about my time in Beijing, wanting my time hear to be a memorable one - it was. Email him in advance if poss. The location is the only draw back, but at a taxi cost of 20Y (£1.80 and just 15 mins) your right in the heart of Beijing. I suppose you could even see the loction as a plus if you want a slightly quieter pad to retreat to at night. I met a US guy here who said that this hotel was better than the Hilton for service. No complaints what so ever.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent hotel to relax and regroup.	Hotel supplied me with map and Chinese address by email and cab from the main train station had no trouble finding it. I was offered and took the Executive Upgrade package( with senior discount) and think it was the best deal going. The breakfast was excellent as was the happy hour on the 16th floor. The staff directed me to the Youth Restaurant, just down the street, that had an English menu, good food, and good prices. Continuing about 500 meters past the Youth Restaurant on the opposite side of the street is a wonderful park themed on the Dreams of Red Mansions novel. Perfect place to stroll and watch Beijing Grams and Gramps taking care of their grand children.I will absolutely stay at this Holiday Inn again!	
Nov 3 2009	Amazing experience!	When my mother and I spent time in Bejing during our trip to China we were looked after very well by all the staff in the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. All amenities that one would wish to have in a city hotel were catered for, restaurant, bar, gym &amp; pool. We especially enjoyed the area as it was local - we were able to experience the 'real' Beijing. Storm the concierge was excellent and he designed special sightseeing trips which enabled us to see everything possible in a short space of time, Temple of Heaven, Summer Palace, Birds Nest, The Great Wall, Forbidden City, Tiannamen Sq and many more. He also arranged some local trips on a rickshaw to nearby Hutongs and a memorable evening over mushroom hotpot. I would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting to visit Beijing and Storm to help make the a trip of a lifetime.	
Nov 1 2009	Excellent very high standard	Choose this hotel because of the reviews from this site.Not much I can add except to say thanks to Frank the duty manager and a big big thanks to Dexter.We arrived from the train station after the overnight from Shanghai and the check in was quick and easy at 9am. Arrving at this time meant all the usual tours had gone to the great wall but thanks to Dexter we didnt miss out.We had only 1 day before flying out to Paris, and needed a way to see the Great wall of china. Dexter told me about bus 919 from the main station which takes you all the way there and back. He wrote everything down in Chinese and put us into a taxi to get to the bus station. We had nearly spent £60 each on a trip, but with Dexters help cost to get there and back was only £3 return + Taxi fee of £5.Also they recommended youth restaurant for Peking duck, at a good price. Also the food was fantastic. and a short walk from the hotel.Rooms are great and service better than most 5 star hotels.BAD Points is that breakfast is very expensive and a bit of a rip off, and NO free internet, and these days pretty much all hotels give free internet.I hope to revisit this hotel again soon and Ive already recommended it to friends.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful	Nice recption area, Spacious rooms with amenities, English language a bit of a problem.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent service in modern hotel	Stayed four nights in July. The breakfast was quite good with a nice variety. Always had someone available to help us plan and book things such as cab driver to Mutianyu, subway passes, and an acrobatic show. We were also given good itineraries on rainy days. Overall a very good value in Beijing.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel Would return again	After reading hotel reporst on Trip Advisor we chose Central Plaza and were delighted at the result, We were travelling independently and made all our arrangements on the internet. Holiday Inn faxed the Hotel name and address in chinese for the taxi driver at the airport and fro there on everythin went to plan. The Hotel provides good clean modern accommodation ,meals at the buffet restaurant were excellent abd the staff were all very helpful, there is a happy atmosphere throughout. Storm , already mentioned in other reports is superb, sorting out our transport to the great wall, Forbidden City and also arranging meals at local restaurants on 2 nights. We had the Peking Duck meal and on another night Mushroom Hotpot, Both reccomended. The Hotel is Excellent Value for money. it is located if anything it is a bit off city centre but this is not a big problem as a taxi is required to go to most places. We also Stayed at The Grand Hyatt in Central beijing, the was more Luxury but more expensive but offset by the fact that most sights were within walking distance. We`would have no hesitation at returning the Central Plaza	
Oct 19 2009 	Good and Friendly Service	My wife and I have been to China four times and we decided to experience the Holiday Inn Central Plaza through Trip Advisor for a night before we went toTianjin.The service at the front desks was excellent and the staff were very polite.David took our luggage to our room and was very warm and helpful. I needed to change my SIM Card and he went with me to buy a Chinese one and this made things a lot easier for me.The room was very clean and spacious and had all the amenities that you need in a hotel.The only disappointing thing was that when we went for breakfast on the 4th of Oct the whole dining room was filled with young children. This was because of National Week and the hotel were kind enough to give the children breakfast. We had to wait for about half an hour before we could get in to have our breakfast and our time was limited as well. I think the hotel did a lovely gesture but there should have been reserved tables for the guests at the hotel.Otherwise I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends back in AustraliaKeep up the good work	
Oct 15 2009 	Can't wait to go back	We stayed at this hotel based on the prior comments. It was the first time we have travelled to China and we did it without a guide service. The staff was excellent. David helped us obtain train tickets and even walked us to the ticketing office. We might still be there without his help. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The bed were not as hard as other ones were. We had a standard room. We walked every morning and night around the neighborhood to experience the Chinese lifestyle. We even played ping-pong at the nearby park with the elderly locals. There are many little shops and nearby grocery stores. Across the street from the hotel is an unmarked restaraunt that has fantastic food. They do not speak English and we do not speak Chinese but they had pictures on the menu and it was awesome. The location was very quiet and a little bit out of the way. If you wanted to see the main attractions of Beijing, you will need to obtain a taxi. There was almost always one at the taxi stand.	
Oct 11 2009 	Fantastic holiday in a great Hotel thanks to the wonderful Storm Li	My wife and I have just returned from 3 nights at the HI Central Plaza, Beijing. We booked on the basis of past recommendations from Trip Advisor reports - the whole experience was first class. We contacted the concierge Storm Li before our visit and he arranged for us to be picked up in the port city of Xianging on arrival there on the Diamond Princess cruise ship. We were delighted to find that Storm came himself. He brought some other guests from Beijing who were embarking the ship that day. He took us for a morning tour of the port city, most enjoyable, and then on reserved seats on the Bullet train to Beijing, which at 330 kph took only 45 minutes to make the 200 kilometer journey, (I found out from other hotel guests it took over 3 hours by road.) The total cost of the tour and journey was only 700 yuan, which is less than 50% of what the transfers would have cost had we booked them with the cruise company.The hotel itself is as good as everyone has said previously and Storm's services can only be described as outstanding. On our second day he personally took us to the Great Wall at Mutianyi, where there were no other tourists to be seen, and we had a delicious lunch at a farmhouse owned by some friends of Storm, followed by afternoon tea at another farmhouse. We can only describe that day as one of the best days of our lives. We were somewhat apprehensive about going around Beijing by ourselves, but Storm organised everything so well that we never had a moment's concern. He supplied us with a cell phone for our stay which had his phone number in, so that if we ever had any problems we could phone him to sort things out. We never actually needed it, but what was amazingly reassuring was that Storm phoned us regularly, just to check that we were OK. He even arranged for a damaged suitcase to be repaired during our visit, and that only cost 50 yuan (£5 uk or about $7.50!!).If Storm reads this review we'd like to give him a very public and massive thank you.Peter &amp; Kathleen McManus - Oxenhope, UK	
Oct 8 2009 	A Paradise and excellent value for money!	There are nice hotels and good hotels and then are some with the WoW factor and that is what we felt when we first stepped in the Hotel. It has excellent value for money and we actually tried hard to see way it was so incredibly reasonable. May be it was the location as it is a 10 minutes ride from the nearest subway station (CNY 10 by cab) and since it’s a new place it’s a little difficult to explain it to the Cab guys. The check-in was precisely 2 mins flat or was 1 and a half minute!!The lobby is huge and very nicely decorated has 3 very good restaurants (it was a big bonus as we didn’t have to step out for dinner and had a great time unwinding every evening) with excellent food , a good collection of wines and they seemed to be very popular with the locals too and rightly so. The ambience was great too - with only candle lights and the works.Once in the room it was another delight with a very spacious room, great décor, a lot of bonus amenities and lovely lighting. The quality of the each and every thing was awesome and there was good space provided for the luggage etc. The water in the bath was always at perfect temperatures and it was very beautifully done up. They even had an antique looking weighing scale – which I decided not to step after the awesome meals at the restaurants. They had a nice covered pool and a fitness center and salon but the massage at the salon (which you will need after the extensive walking in the city) is nothing to write home about.The breakfast was the best spread that we had seen anywhere will all cuisines and all the frills and lovely fare to choose from – certainly a highpoint. The staff is excellent, courteous, very helpful, very well groomed and well informed.There is also curio stop in the hotel has a train ticket booking terminal which helped book onwards journey tickets and saved us a trip to the railway station. But language is an issue here.Overall it is great luxury and excellent value for money.	
Oct 5 2009 	Wonderful for a longer stay in Beijing	Stayed for 7 very comfortable nights in the HI Central Plaza and have to say it is one of the best hotels I have every stayed in. The room was immaculate and very comfortable. It was a joy to return after very tiring days of solo touring in Beijing. Always try to make a reservation that includes breakfast because this was perhaps the best I have ever been exposed to. The hotel price is very reasonable, but the one downside, which Im sure is why the price is so reasonable is the location. It is a distance to the sights. But as was mentioned taxis and buses to sights or subways are cheap. I would only hesitate to stay in this hotel if I only had 2 or so nights in Beijing, if that would be the case you have to stay in, say, the Wangfujing area. But if you are like me, and have over 3 nights, this place is ideal. I enjoyed being in a real neighborhood and going to the bakery across the street. Now to the nitty gritty, the reason I stayed here was the help I felt I would need from the staff, in particular, Storm, and he did not disappoint. He was kind enough to supply me with a bus and subway pass right away, he pointed out the bus numbers and subway lines to the sites. He arranged for a driver to the Great Wall and Summer Palace and even accompanied me and another couple to the train station at night to catch the night sleeper train to Xian. I forgot to mention he bought the tickets (I paid him of course) for the train to Xian, and then a train from Xian to Shanghai. He went above and beyond what normal concierges would do. I highly recommend this hotel, with only one caveat, you must be staying a little more than 2 days in Beijing to stay here.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent	Really nice place. Rooms are good and breakfast is great. The best in this hotel is Storm who arranges everything as you like. Our family enjoyed stay in the hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent value for money	If you're wanting a good standard of hotel, which includes a pool and health club, without paying a high price, this one is definitely recommended. The interiors of rooms and public areas, and the facilities and service, are all 4-star standard, but at a reasonable price. As others have pointed out, the downside is the location which is not close to anything, and in a blah neighbourhood. However, there is a small supermarket just a block away, and a few restaurants around. Taxis are available at the front door, and the concierge staff will write down your destination in Chinese and brief the driver, and give you a card with map and hotel name in Chinese to use when you get a taxi back.Getting to the hotel from the airport was a bit of a trial: I took the train and then the subway to the station indicated, and then took a taxi, which seemed to drive for ever before arriving: and as the driver kept talking into a mobile, I suspect he didn't know where the hotel was, despite the airport tourist info lady writing down the name in Chinese. So maybe print out a map from the internet and use it for your taxi driver on first arrival, whether you take a taxi all the way from the airport or pick one up closer to the hotel.As seems to be normal in Beijing hotels, internet was ridiculously expensive, so keep it just for checking urgent emails. (And Facebook and some other networking sites are banned at the moment in China, so you won't be able to log on.)Otherwise, everything was better than expected!	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent Hotel good concierge service	We stayed in this hotel for four nights. I was worried that we were too far away from the subway. We were about 40 minutes walk. At first we took a taxi to the subway. However the concierge Storm showed us where to get the 56 Bus to the Nanishiliu subway. A Taxi is about 10 yuan.Beijing is a large city and we usually had to travel by subway and Taxi to see the things we wanted to see. The hotel is in a quieter area than central Beijing. There is a resteraunt which does asian and western food. You can find it cheaper outside the hotel if you want. Breakfast had everything you could possibly want and was of a high standard. ATM in the hotel for spending money. Rooms are very comfortable. The conciege Stom was excellent. He asked us where we wanted to go and wrote directions for us in Chinese. We managed to become quite good at negociating the underground system. We noted that Taxi drivers often did not know where the hotel was. They did not often understand when we gave the Hotel's own Map. A particular highlight was when we went on a trip with Storm and another couple to part of the Great Wall. This part had no other tourists around. There was a chinese couple getting their wedding pictures taken. Nobody trying to sell you souvenirs or take your money off you. We also had lunch at a local farmers home which was delicious. we visited another locall farm on the way home and tasted his walnuts and pears. and had tea. Storm also booked us on the overnight train to Shanghai and on the train to Quingdao. Without his help we would have struggled. He also bought us metro cards to get around the transport system.	
Aug 21 2009 	Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In!	My wife and I booked a private tour and stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. I have no comment as to location since we were on a tour and had a driver pick us up in the morning. I did forget to bring my headphone/microphone to use with my Skype phone service. I went to the concierge and asked how I could buy one. He wrote a note to the taxi driver and gave me a paper to give to the salesperson a description of what I needed. I took the taxi to the electronics store, purchased the item, and returned within 30 minutes. I could not have done this on my own...traffic is horrendous and English is spoken by very few. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The bed was a bit harder than I am used to; however, with all the walking around during the day, I had no problem sleeping. The breakfast buffet was great! Without exception, the service staff was friendly, polite, and efficient. This was the first hotel I have stayed in that I actually hated to leave!	
Aug 20 2009 	Very Good Hotel and Service..	We selected this hotel since it was rated one of the best hotel in Beijing.From the moment you arrive at the hotel you will find the service to be of a very high standard and also especially because of the famous Storm and team..Overall it was a lovely trip because of Storm help us to arranged our trip in beijing..it was very helpfull..I would certainly highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Genuine goodness of staff makes the place special	Storm is very helpful, and so are Eva (small &amp; big), Rita &amp; Maggie. Nothing was too much to ask any of the staff, really super staff at the central plaza. Jessica, thank you very much for such beautiful flowers in the room!good hotel, not central however lots of taxis in front of the hotel. nice local shops around and they charge local prices; i.e wuyutai teashop. there is also a traditional teahouse not too far (about 15 minutes walk)	
Aug 16 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with Incredible Service	We are a family of four who stayed at the Holiday Inn for one week in August, 2009. I just had to write to say that the service from beginning to end was nothing short of exceptional. Yes, Storm, was a concierge extraordinaire - he advised us daily on our travel plans, accompanied us to restaurants to ensure that we were well looked after, and went out of his way to ensure that all of our needs were looked after. Roger, the manager, as well as Lily the food and beverage manager were unbelievably helpful in dealing with our son's allergies. Storm, Roger, Lily and the food and beverage team bent over backwards to accommodate him. One night that we went out for Peking Duck Storm called the restaurant to inform them of our son's dietary needs and even purchased some sauce for the duck himself that day because he knew that our son could not have the sauce at the restaurant. Storm brought my son some fresh eggs from the country as well! Storm also supplied us with subway/bus passes for the week and advised us how to get around - this was so helpful as the traffic in Beijing is terrible. We can't say enough about the service. Beijing is a difficult city to navigate as little English is spoken. We were given a cell phone that was programmed to call the hotel if we needed any help throughout the day. The breakfast buffet was incredible and the rooms very well appointed. The swimming pool is not at all 'dinky' as was mentioned in a previous review. We all loved it and it's a great size for doing laps. Our boys loved the ping-pong table, too. When we left we felt like we were leaving friends. We highly recommend the Holiday Inn and would love to visit some time in the future again.	
Aug 15 2009 	The best value for money I ever saw...	Very good room for accomodating a family of 4 (8 &amp; 5 years old kids). Very good breakfast, excelent dinner with a reasolable price, very good concierge service (Storm &amp; friends).	
Aug 8 2009 	Great hotel but not a great location	Stayed here for three nights after having seen the rave reviews here on Tripadvisor. Arrived here quite late at night, and the check in staff were very good - I'm a member of the IHG Priority Rewards Program and there was a letter provided to me stating all the benefits available during my stay which was a nice touch. Room (executive floor) was of a good size, clean, and looked like it had been recently renovated (as did the whole hotel). Beds had been turned down and details of the next day's weather were provided. Next morning had breakfast in the restaurant adjacent to the lobby - the breakfast in the executive lounge was pretty basic, whereas downstairs was the &quot;full spread&quot; - make sure you arrive before the closing time as they start running down the food items about 30 minutes before, or you might not get what you're after (pancakes and pain au chocolats were pretty popular!). The staff were attentive, and had my first &quot;would you like to fill out a comment card?&quot; experience - in this regard, the service at the hotel, while I think it was sincere, could be a little over the top - each time at breakfast I was asked to fill in a card (one of the staff walked around with a hand full of them), and they even leave them on your bed when they are turned down - I wonder if they have a quota they need to fill every day? The decor in the restaurant is very nice (in fact it is for the entire hotel, and seemed a lot nicer than I expected a Holiday Inn to be).The executive lounge was a nice quiet space, with free drinks / food for a couple of hours in the evening - the only negative was the &quot;hot food&quot;, which was in warmers, was absolutely stone cold. Our one experience with room service was quite odd - my friend ordered some cake, which was delivered by two members of staff, who got him to sit down, put a napkin in his lap, and watched him start to eat before leaving - it felt a little odd. In contrast the service in the executive lounge was relaxed and attentive without being lazy, and not in your face (each to their own in this regard, however this is how I prefer service to be). As for the famous &quot;Storm&quot; the most I saw him was hanging around the breakfast buffet and the executive lounge. Obviously some travellers have had some very good experiences with him, but we were taken care of by one of his colleagues to arrange a taxi for the day trip to Mutianyu Great Wall and the Ming Tombs so don't really have any opinion to give on him.I think the one major negative for this hotel is the location - its not close to the subway at all, and as some others have pointed out you might have trouble getting a taxi there (seemingly because some drivers simply don't know where the street the hotel is on is). It is however not too far from the Beijing West Train Station - about 10 minutes in a taxi - if you're arriving or departing there by train.For me, having stayed in other hotels, I think I would stay closer to Wangfujing / Tiananmen Square next time around, which are within walking distance to some sights and the Beijing Subway - much prefer to be closer to the action.	
Aug 5 2009	Storm is the man	We visited Beijing April 2009, stayed at Holiday Inn Central Plaza, and we recommend it highly. Our visit was just three days but Storm, the arranger, made it the most memorable of visits, making sure we got to visit Temple of Heaven, the silk markets, Beijing's disappearing hutongs, and the Great Wall. Storm seems to understand that in this life chance opens doors briefly, and he made the most of our short visit.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent Service - Thanks Storm	Traveled to Beijing with wife and 2 children, ages 2 and 6. Excellent room and service by entire staff. Storm is by far the best concierge I have experienced in Asia and among the top worldwide (based on my experiences). Contact him ahead of time and he will see to all your needs for tours, etc.	
Jul 30 2009	Very Good Hotel	Like many reviews of this hotel, we had a very pleasant stay. The concierge was extremely helpful. The only thing bad was the beds, but they are typical Holiday Inn beds so it is to be expected. Do not attempt to walk to the subway, we did and it took us 40 minutes. Take a cab to the closest subway station. If you are willing to venture to Chinese eateries with staff that don’t speak, there are a few in the area.	
Jul 29 2009	Not as good as described	I am writing this from the hotel where i am staying with 2 young children ages 4 and 7. First of all, it is arguably the worlds most difficult hotel to reach without the address in Chinese. Then again many hotels would be the same, so if you do come here make sure you get the directions in Chinese. Since i didn't and was faced with taxi drivers offering to take me in their 2.00CNY per KM taxis for 150CNY i ended up going to a local hotel and getting them to sort a taxi and directions out for me, which they were willing to do. Once you know where you're going its 12 - 15 CNY from Beijing West Station.The location of the hotel is out of the way to say the least. I reall wish some posters on here would be banned for their false information. You are not walking from this hotel to any subway stop or train station. However, within walking distance is shops and stuff. Check in was actually great. I arrived at 11am and was so tired. We had flown in from Moscow and i hadn't slept for about 3 days, the kids were absolutely hanging out too, so we were relieved when the woman at reception let us check in early. When it came to swiping my credit card it came back declined, Barclaycard had decided to block my card, just like they do every time im abroad, even though i pre advise them every time before i travel. The hotel didn't accept my debit card so i asked where the bank was, 'Frank' offered to walk me to it. Now, everyone who has wrote on here getting turned on at how Storm walked them to the bank - Its in the Hotel. Its about a 40 second walk to a collection of ATM's. Barclays had also decided to block my debit card so i went back to reception and explained the situation and asked could i leave cash, she said i needed to leave 2000yen, i only had 1000 in cash and i asked could i leave that, she said it was fine. Which was very nice of her. Now, a guy called frank - Pull the other one, he is about as much Frank as i am Sanjay. Well anyway he worked from the service desk.Then 'Frank' proceeded with the hard sell, breakfast, trains, tours, im sure the next on his list was his wife. Even though i was falling asleep on my feet and my kids wanted to be anywhere but there he continued the hard sell. In the end i just walked away. The hotel itself is actually very nice, far nicer than any other holiday in i have ever known. In fact it could easily be called Raddisson. The rooms are pristinely immaculate as is the hotel itself. The health club doesn't deserve to be able to use the title since it is a midget size iced cold pool with a snidey steam room and cold Sauna. Now, i am writing these prices as exact from the mini bar price list:Beer - 25 yenSmall wine - 39 yenCan of Coke - 20 yenSmall Water - 25yenNow, below are prices in any Beijing shop:Beer - 3yenSmall Wine - 4yenCan of coke - 1yenWater - 2yen1 yen = About 10p or 15US Cents. So, by UK/US standards the hotel prices aren't that bad, but you aren't in the UK/US and if you go by that thinking then you might as well by some vaseline and bend over every time you go to a store. That said, many hotels are like that, don't even get me started on the Westin LAX!Summary:Poor location but could be much worse, a taxi ride to anywhere yet not in a bad location in terms of local amenities. The service centre which everyone seems to rave about is set up for the naive unexperienced travelers where people such as 'Frank' or Storm charge way higher prices than normal for services no better than you could obtain yourself. An example is such, i am going to the Great Wall at Badaling tomorrow - Reviews on here suggest price being upwards of 200CNY, price i'll be paying? 20CNY getting the local train. All those that rave about breakfast - 120yen (minimum) i paid 8yen in town.However, i would certainly stay here again, once you know what you're doing you'll find that the location is manageable and if you ignore the service centre and hotel prices then you are definitely in a good hotel. But i really would take all the posts who rave about Storm and the service centre with a pinch of salt, what they found amazingly good service Storm et al no doubt found an amazing pay day.	
Jul 26 2009 	Storm Makes this Hotel #1!	Can't say enough good things about our experience in Beijing, all due to Storm! He setup a taxi waiting at the Capital airport for our 9:30 pm arrival. pre-arranged for 180 RMB. He gave us subway/bus passes so we didn't have to pay with exact change each time. He pays for 20 or 30 of these monthly passes on his own for tourists just to make their stay easier because he simply enjoys helping people. He walked us to the bus stop and even waited until we got on. He met us at breakfast each day to plan or next agenda. He setup taxi tours of great wall and visits to other attractions. The taxi drivers do not speak a word of English so it helped to have him tell the driver where to go. You always should make sure they turn on the meter when starting out and use the hotel map card to return. Many taxis have trouble finding the hotel until they study the map.We wanted an authentic Chinese dinner that was vegetarian so Storm took us to a local place that had an incredible mushroom stew cooked at your table. He even took us to the local laundry because the hotel is too expensive. He wrote down words and phrases in Chinese so we could use them to order food and beer on our own. Hotel is not near subway, so you must take a taxi from subway, which can be a hassle when it's the wrong time of day such as around 5:30 pm when they switch drivers or when raining. This was the only bad thing about this hotel. If it wasn't for Storm being there, we would have stayed at a more convenient location. You can take a bus to subway but very hot and takes longer than walking if during busy times. The breakfast buffet is very good. We had free breakfast with room but did not get an executive room. But the standard room was very nice and quiet on a high floor. A/C was good and cold. Restaurants are hard to find within walking distance but there is a noodle place a few minutes walk away if you want real Chinese. There is also the large bottles of Tsingtao beer very cheap (4 RMB) at a corner shop right across the street. The dinner buffet, though expensive (154 RMB) is very good and filling if you can't find food elsewhere and it's raining. The rest of the hotel staff was very friendly but I'd recommend this hotel mainly due to Storm. Be sure to contact him when staying here, especially if new to China or Beijing. He's been there 6 years and has many local connections to take care of anything you need.However, I don't recommend Beijing in general in July. It is unbearably hot and humid!	
Jul 19 2009 	The Beijing Experience	Our honeymoon in Beijing was fantastic. We stayed at the Holiday Inn (Central Plaza Beijing) for five days and four nights and were treated to first class service - from the friendly faces of the hotel staff, the varied food selection of the hotel restaurants (yum), the huge room area and complete amenities to the personalized assistance given by the hotel concierge. We were very pleased with how Storm assisted us. He made it very easy for us to go around the city and enjoy the historical sites by giving us clear directions and instructions. He also recommended two local restaurants that offered the best Mushroom Hotpot and Peking Duck. Thank you so much Storm and to the Holiday Inn! More power!	
Jul 17 2009 	Storm Came Through	We chose this hotel because of other traveler's high recommendation of Storm's exceptional service and we were not disappointed. I contacted Storm at [--] in advance of the trip to arrange airport pickup. Although the driver did not show up (maybe due to delay of our flight because of the health inspection procedures now in place), Storm made the transportation company drive us to the airport for free at the end of our stay (because the driver didn't show up, we were scammed for 400 RMB for our trip to the hotel from the airport, instead of 150RMB). Storm also gave us a cell phone and passes for public transportation to use during our stay, gave us advice on our itinerary, how to get there, and restaurant recommendations. It is important to consult with Storm on how much some of our routes would cost as we found that &quot;black cars&quot; now run rampant in Beijing that prey on tourists. These cars typically do not display the 2.0 RMB per km on the windows and do not have meters. So before you get into a taxi, question how much the trip should cost and compare to the number that Storm gave you. I did not encounter such unsavory practices during my visit in 2006, but things have changed. Also be sure to get the hotel's address card (with map) before you leave the hotel; almost all of the taxi drivers we had didn't know this hotel and its location, even with the hotel address card. One had to stop and ask for directions. On the third day of our stay our in-room safe malfunctioned, and help was on-hand fairly quickly to resolve the problem. A restaurant across the street South of the hotel with red lanterns hanging in the front had very good food. They have a menu with pictures so ordering for non-Chinese speakers should not be an issue. All in all, we had a very good stay here with the assistance of Storm.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice hotel and Storm is the sucess factor	We are a family of five and our expectations were high after the ranking at Tripadvisor. Our booking over Internet included breakfast but when we checked in we were informed that the breakfast only was valid for four people. As we had a booking confirmation from Holiday Inn that clearly said, breakfast is included for five people we were not impressed. First we were offered an upgrade to an executive floor for 430 RMB per room with some benefits that we felt more like a rip off. After some heavy arguments the hotel agreed that breakfast was included for five! As a good gesture we were all offered a drink for free in the bar which we accepted. The next morning Storm showed up and suddenly things started to happen, we were given free cards for buses and subway and also a lot of good advice that enhanced our stay. We were also given a mobile to enable us to contact Storm at any time for free. Storm walked us to the bus and showed us how to use the tickets. Fantastic! Both buses and subway are very easy and comfortable to use. When we arrived back to the hotel rather late we were contacted by the hotel manager apologizing for the check-in that went wrong and now we were offered a suit with no charge, apology accepted. Storm helped us to organize a visit to the Ming Tombs and The Great Wall which was great accept for the driver missing the Ming Tombs so we were not impressed but as compensation we did not have to pay and we were offered a new trip for free to the Ming Tombs but we declined the offer and it was instead replaced with a free trip to the airport the day we left. Storm has an exceptional feeling for taking care of the hotel guests, he organized two wonderful local Chinese meals and followed us to the restaurants, and this was very much appreciated. Generally the hotel reception and breakfast was 4-5 stars, but the rooms they need a slight refurbishment so 3-4 stars are more appropriate. The swimming pool area is only 2-3 star as well as the changing facilities. The fun part is the location which gives you the opportunity to explore an area which you never would do as a tourist, but you are really dependent to use taxis to and from the subway, one way is 10 RMB and takes 5-10 minutes. Generally the hotel is good value for the money paid and Storm really made our stay unforgettable so we can highly recommend it.	
Jul 5 2009 	Nice hotel but not close to subway	This was a very nice hotel. We have no complaints about the hotel itself. However, it is not close to the subway. We knew that going in but didn't mind taking taxis. But each time we took a taxi we got ripped off, so it got old quickly. The drivers would take the long way around, try to take us to a different subway stop that was farther away, etc. The taxi drivers in Beijing are crooks based on the dozen taxi rides we took, so we would have rather been closer to the subway.Also, we met the infamous Storm. We were not impressed. He was very soft spoken and seemed frustrated when we already had our plans to the Great Wall made. We mentioned we were going to the Summer Palace one morning and asked the best way to get there. He simply said, &quot;Take the ferry.&quot; My husband asked about where we would take the ferry from and he never really said. I had read before that you could take a ferry from the zoo, but he did not offer that information. So we were not impressed with him. Maybe he is better if you have no plans at all so he feels he can help more. Not sure.	
Jun 28 2009 	The Holiday Inn enhanced our stay in Beijing	We booked the Holiday Inn on a whim using Expedia, but have recommended it to friends and family alike on our return. The bedroom was large and comfortable (although the mattress was too firm for our liking) with modern facilities (including a range of electrical sockets for foreign travellers). The swimming pool, sauna and gym were excellent although they were closed for the last two days of our stay which was an inconvenience as these facilities were part of the reason for us choosing the hotel. The restaurant buffet was very good (in particular the puddings!!) and staff were friendly and efficient. However, the hotel's best asset was STORM (English name) who took us under his wing and provided excellent advice, assistance and personal care. Storm's attention to detail and his willingness to go the extra mile (all the time) were totally unexpected - this was the most care that we had experienced from hotel staff in 20 years of travelling.	
Jun 25 2009 	Outstanding Hotel - Excellent Service!	We recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing and absolutely enjoyed the experience. The hotel is very modern and exceptionally clean and well-kept. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Moreover, the service-oriented attitude and responsiveness of all hotel staff, without exception, were amazing. We upgraded our stay to the Executive level, which includes free internet, breakfast (buffet - one of the best selections of a wide variety choices that I have ever experienced), evening cocktails, and food, drinks/snacks anytime, and found it to be well worth the money (about 230 RMB). My entire family greatly enjoyed the stay and I'd highly recommend this hotel to all!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great value in Beijing	My husband and another couple stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 3 nights at the end of September, 2008 and were thrilled with our stay! The value was excellent; probably due to the misfortune of visiting one of the most populous cities during the Golden Week, when Beijing swells even further with tourists from all over China. Although a little out of the way from the Forbidden City etc., everything in Beijing is a long drive, or subway ride as the city is incredibly sprawling! Rooms were wonderful, with modern decor, more like a boutique hotel, as travellers we tend to avoid chain hotels but picked this hotel due to Trip Advisor's high rating. The beds were wonderful and comfortable, and the buffet breakfast was one of the best we had ever been to with Western and Easter options, hugh variety with excellent service. The front desk staff were courteous and friendly and the concierge Storm was incredibly helpful. He assisted us with booking a pedicab ride around the Hutongs and to the Temple of Heaven, day trip to the Great Wall at Jinshanling (highly recommended; further away than Badaling but far from the madding crowds. Be prepared to walk, and stay hydrated.. We are in our thirties and I almost didn't make it although I am far from an outdoorsy, hiker type). Storm also helped us make arrangements for a guided tour in Xi'an. I'm sure we ended up paying more for these services but they were well planned and we would not hesitate to recommend guests to seek his help. The hotel does not have that many restaurant options in the area that we felt comfortable with - we had just arrived in China and were not quite ready to be that adventurous. All in all, I would absolutely recommmend the hotel; excellent value, decor, and service!	
Jun 9 2009 	Outstanding Service and Value! Experienced 35 years of traveling.	The Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing is one of those rare finds. STORM, the consergie was an unexpected treat. He really lived up to his reputation on Trip Advisor. Storm helped me with tours, post office, banking and fun stuff in Beijing. Storm walked me to the bank. He walked my son and I to a special treat in Beijing. He gave us free bus tickets. He is unreal. We loved him! The service from the Manager, to the front desk staff to the restaurant staff was all outstanding and phenomenal in my book. The food is terrific for all appetites. We are booking again for our entire company. This is OUR PLACE in Beijing! Bob M.	
Jun 9 2009 	Exceptional staff and service	This hotel is exceptional but due mostly to the amazing service of Storm Li. He is a real ambassador for the hotel. We had read about him in Trip Advisor so, when we were planning our trip to Beijing ,we asked his advice. We had asked Storm to help us arrange our journey to the hotel from the port of Xingang. He told us a taxi would take us to the station at Tianjin from where we could get the bullet train to Beijing and a taxi from there to the hotel. When we arrived at the port the taxi was waiting for us and Storm with it! He then went all the way back to the hotel with us. We can never thank him enough. This I might add was at half the cost of other transfer quotes we had had from the Internet. He also helped us book our discount air tickets through China Southern Airline.During the week we were there we had planned our own itinerary but he was always there each day to help us when needed. When my husband needed his shoes repaired he even took them to a little cobbler down the lane near the hotel. There is absolutely nothing that Storm cannot do – he is truly an amazing man. Panos was also very helpful. A big thank you to both of them.The hotel is modern and the rooms very clean and comfortable. We booked on a 72hr. Internet special and paid 2230CNY for 5 nights. When we arrived at the hotel we were offered an Executive package including breakfast, free Wi Fi and access to soft drinks, coffee and tea all day ,and cocktails and snacks ( which turned out to be very substantial) between 6pm and 8pm. I can thoroughly recommend this package- it is excellent value.The hotel is a short bus ride to the subway and is in a very pleasant area.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent hotel and service.	Spent six nights at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza with my wife and two teenage daughters last week and have to agree with previous posts, the hotel and service are excellent, it really added to what was a fantastic week in beijing.Firstly we contacted the hotel via email ref their airport transfer prior to arrival rather than trying to squeeze the four of us and four cases into a single taxi. Although was quite expensive(£50) was worth the money after a long journey to have a guy waiting with a nice aircon mini-van for the hour long trip into the city.Upon arrival we were upgraded from our two standard rooms to rooms on the executive floor due to being platinum priority club members. The rooms were excellent, spacious and modern. Didnt use the lounge for anything other than internet access so cant comment on the drinks,food etc in there.Food and drink in hotel is expensive and is adequate rather than stand out. Had breakfast included in room rate and was usual mixed international buffet affair, staff were very attentive and willing to help constantly. Had buffet dinner in same Salt and Pepper restaurant on first evening at hotel. Whilst food was again adequate, for approx £20 per head it really didnt represent value for money, especially when far superior food is available in local area at a fraction of the cost with tons more atmostphere to boot. As above staff were on the ball and very attentive, especially as there were on a handful of people in the restaurant. Pool was nice after day sightseeing, although changing rooms, sauna and steam room were being refurbed whilst there.As mentioned before Storm was very helpful. As a sterotypical sceptical englishman, I initially had reservations when he came over at breakfast on our first morning and introduced himself. Once we had a chat about what we were looking for out of our trip and how long we were there etc Stom really did offer some great advice and recommendations. I found him quite subtle in his approach. We as a family do like to retain an amount of independance on our trips and experience local transport, restaurants, etc and Storm did seem to pick up on this with some of his recommendations. Other than recommending the local restaurants(Youth &amp; Statue), organising a taxi for the trip to the ming tombs/great wall(£70 for day for 4 people), he took us around the corner from the hotel one morning to get the local bus into the city centre (number 10) which was an experience in its self. Taxis from hotel to anywhere in the city are very easy. The staff on the front door will hail them for you and provide you with a card with the set prices,taxi number and destination in chinese on it. It also has a map of the hotel and address in chinese for your return journeys. Only had a problem once getting back to hotel, that was during a rush hour from Oriental Plaza , third taxi eventually agreed to take us and it took over an hour. No real problem but during rush hour the traffic is very heavy and slow.Subway is clean, cheap and modern. Good for moving around the city whilst in the centre and good to get to Olympic green. Make sure you have small notes as ticket machines in stations only take upto 10 yuan notes, although there was a guy floating around giving change if needed. Same above applies to taxi, generally most services are not comfortable taking 100 yuan notes and all will check them for fakes.The other recommendation would be to take the taxi to the wall. The Ming tombs are a reasonable diversion but the Mutianyu section of the wall was fantastic, very rural surroundings, small visitor numbers and great drive through villages and mountains on way in and out. To summarise, a very high standard holiday Inn, on par with most Crown Plaza hotels we have stayed in. Staff are hard working and determined to deliver excellent service to their guests, something that some European hotels seem to have lost sight of. If you are in Beijing, the slight inconvienence of not being around Wanfujing is far outweighed by the service on offer.Finally, a note about beijing International Airport. Our flight out of the airport was at midnight from the new terminal three. Althought a stunning looking building it is possibly the worst major international airport we have ever flown from, even worse than the old Bangkok airport. We arrived at 21.00 and made our way through to airside after check in. Out of approx 25 retail units in there all but four were closed. One duty free shop was partially open, a pizza hut and two cafes. No outlet that sold water(one vending machine at gates), no ATMs and was informed by information desk most outlets close at 21.30. There were four flights due out around the same time as our so approx 1500 passengers in terminal. Absolutely pathetic, especailly when you get to Dubai 8 hours later and facilities are excellent. Our advice if flying from PEK, stay landside as all facilities are that side or fly business or first, as the lounges for these pasengers were numerous and well provisioned.	
May 27 2009 	A comfortable well run hotel with great staff	I realise there have been many superlatives written about this hotel but I can tell you they are all true. I travel to China about 7 times each year on business quite often staying in 5* hotels such as Hyatt Regency, but I can honestly say I have never enjoyed a hotel stay more than this one.To get the best rate I had pre-paid my reservation. In the event I was ill and could not travel and only managed to arrive 3 days into the reservation. When I arrived at check in they immediately offered to offset any of my hotel bills against the money I had already paid. Under the terms of the booking they didn't need to do this.All of the staff at this hotel were polite and helpful but a special mention must go to Storm. He knew we were arriving late so he stayed back to greet us. He organised everything we asked, even walking us to local restaurants to help us order our food.If I visited Beijing again this is where I would stay.	
May 27 2009 	One of the best Holiday Inns! GREAT SERVICE!	Chose to stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing based on reviews here in Tripadvisor. I didn't raise my expectations too high, since the rate I got for 4 nights are too good to be true (450+RMB with breakfast). But boy was I surprised! This hotel is really nice! The lobby was modern and welcoming. The people, from the concierge to the front desk, were great. I loved that most of them know how to speak English. I did an advance booking through the Priority Club website, so the room they gave me is the first room out of the elevator! No need to walk all the way to the end of the hall. They even gave me a free Kitkat Chocolate Bar upon checkin (which my mom loved by the way).ROOMThe room was big, and with 4 people sharing, it's still big enough for us to move around. We requested for an extra folding bed for an additional 240RMB/night. Airconditioning was great too. LOCATIONThe location of the hotel is not touristy at all. It's actually in a small residential neighborhood with some restaurants and supermarkets. Everyday you will see lots of people walking their dogs. The hotel is not as far from the sites like what I read in other reviews. FACILITIESDidn't get a chance to avail of the other services/facilities of the hotel, like the well equipped gym, and that big inviting indoor pool. But I love the Currency Exchange ATM available at the lobby, open 24/7.TRANSPORTATIONThere was no Hotel Shuttle available at the airport. Since there were 4 of us, we just took 2 taxis - 140RMB Taxi rate + 10RMB Highway Toll per taxi. Make sure that you have the map and name of the hotel printed ahead of time.For our own 2-day tour, a friend of ours reserved a private minivan (BUICK) with driver ahead of time (800RMB / 8 hours / overtime ok), so transportation was taken care of. Renting a private minivan this time was more expensive that taking 2 taxis, but the ride was really comfortable. The van even had a VIP sign in front, so it made us feel really special! =)BUFFET BREAKFAST and STORM The buffet breakfast was one of the best I had in a Holiday Inn.....matching what I usually have in my favorite hotel - The Holiday Inn Shifu Guangzhou. It was during our first breakfast when a person in white approached our table. Yes, it was the infamous STORM! After the usual greetings, he asked us if we have an itinerary already. Having reserved a private van ahead of time, Storm just helped us do our itinerary for 2 days. He really knows Beijing, and he will tell you if your itinerary is enough for that day, and if there will be lots of walking. He even recommended good places to eat, like a very good Dimsum place near the Forbidden City. Thanks to Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing for making our first trip to Beijing a memorable one. I will definitely stay here again on my future trips.	
May 18 2009 	As good as Ever	This is my 2nd stay at this hotel (1st - May 2007) and once again it has lived up to my expectations. I must be unluckly because on both visits I have never met the 'infamous' Storm. I will also add my 'thumbs up' to Palos &amp; Anna. I was fortunate to have an executive room which provides with free in-room soft drinks and 4 pieces of laundry every day. I also had access to the hotel's Executive Lounge. This offers a limited continental breakfats in the morning (but be aware it doesn't start until 7.00am), soft drinks, beer, tea and coffee during the day, and a selection of canapes, fruit, nibbles, small bagels, small salad and a selection of Chinese snacks in the evening. Perfectly adequate if you already had a big meal during the day and just want a light snack in the evening. They also serve wine and there is selection of spirits on display but I never saw anyone drink them! The lounge also has a comfortable seating area with International &amp; Chinese newspapers (in English) as well as local newspapers and large flat screen TV showing CNN or HBO style movies. As others have mentioned, the best way to get around the city is by taxi. I never had any problems during both stays and rates are still very cheap but the standard of driving throughout the city is not for the faint hearted!!	
May 17 2009	Excellent Hotel Staff	I special thank you to Storm Li, and to Panos and Anna, for making our stay very special. Storm is a very amazing guy, that is willing to help with any of your needs, such as walking you to nearby restaurants. Every restaurant he chose was excellent... Chinese, Peking Duck, and a wonderful Mushroom Hot Pot! Panos and Anna are Interns learning the hotel business. They will go far in this business because of their exceptional personalities. This hotel is in a wonderful, quiet area of Beijing. I have stayed at many Crowne Plazas in Beijing, but I will definitely return to this hotel for all future Beijing stays!	
May 16 2009 	Exceeded all expectations	It is difficult to know what to add to what others have said but you can have full confidence in this hotel. Storm really is as good as they say. He even lent us a mobile phone while we were there in case we needed to contact him (even on his day off). Once he took us to the bus stop and made sure we got on the right bus to the Olympic village and twice he accompanied us to local restaurants to ensure we got what we wanted (no English spoken). If he recommends the Mushroom Hotpot restaurant to you go! The general amemities are all good and we had no problem getting cab drivers to go that bit further out of the city centre.CG Oxford	
May 12 2009 	Outstanding customer service	The hotel is situated in a residential area on the outskirts of the city centre. A number of reviewers have commented on the location of this hotel not being good. I would argue for the opposite, firstly it gives you the opportunity to explore a very nice residential area that you would not normally see, marked with excellent local restaurants and good ameneties, it is also very quiet by Beijing standards and the traffic is minimal. Furthermore there is no good location in Beijing it is so huge that public transport is needed to go almost everywhere, so in this case an extra 50p for a taxi is not an issue.The hotel has recently been completely refurbished the rooms are of a high standard very clean with all the mod cons (good tolietries and robes etc) and good air conditioning. The lobby is very airy and stylish and the pool and gym are very well equiped and quiet throughout the day as almost no children stay at the hotel. We only had breakfast at the hotel which was excellent with a huge choice of western and Chinese food and very good service.The staff at the hotel are outstanding that are so polite and helpful and really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. On the whole the hotel in my opinion feels like a 5 star hotel without the pretensive feeling that comes with so many 5 star hotels. However unlike every 5 star hotel I have stayed in this hotel has something extra in the form of Storm the foreign customer concierge. He is without doubt the most efficient and outstanding concierge I have ever met and made our stay completely trouble free, I hope he is paid a huge bonus by the Holiday Inn as he really makes a difference. Prior to our trip I rang the hotel and spoke to him to see if he could purchase tickets for our train to Xian as it was over the busy bank holiday weekend in China, he did this without a deposit or guarantee and the tickets were waiting for us on our arrival. He then also organised our tickets from Xian to Shanghai and got a contact to buy them in Xian and fedex them to us in Beijing at no extra cost. He organised our private trip with another couple to remote section of the great wall accompanied us on the train and had dinner with us in a remote villiage with a farmers family he knew which was amazing and certainly a unique experience, all cheaper than a standard tour to the tourist site of the great wall. When we left to go to the train station for Xian he accompanied us in the taxi and took us all the way to the train carriage ensuring we were on the right train and carriage. It is impossible to compliment him enough.All in all this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I would highly recommend it.	
May 10 2009 	Incredible staff and service.	Our family had a most excellent stay in Beijing at the Holiday Inn. We traveled with a 3 year old girl and 6 month old boy.Arriving in Beijing with the Z22 night-train from Shanghai at 7:15 in the morning we had no problem getting a taxi to the Holiday Inn. At the hotel were welcomed by Robert, the front desk officer, who had a clean room available for early check-in. We were also treated with a free continental breakfast at the 16 floor lounge. Most appreciated after a long journey. Robert also briefed us about the hotel, area and sights in the city.The rooms were perfect, a baby cot was promptly provided when we requested one for our son. We splashed out 200 yuan extra for an upgrade that included breakfast buffet, lounge access with free soft drinks and coffee, evening cocktail and snacks etc. We did not regret this. Thanks to Anna and Pathos the evening waiters (Anna also served in the Salt and Pepper restaurant) for excellent service. Pathos also hooked me up with cartoons to entertain the young girl in the family. Most appreciated.The dinner buffet and breakfasts were over the top. Really good, both service and food. A lot to choose from.Service at the hotel is really good, you feel looked after. You get attention and help whenever you need it. The staff was also very nice to our kids, who felt great about the stay (well at least the oldest one expressed this, and the smallest one did not complain) Storm helped us with a good place to try the Peking duck at a local place without all the other tourists in town standing in line. Dexter organized a trip to the Great Wall at Badaling with a private air conditioned car for 600 yuan.Location is like mentioned in other reviews, not the most central. But the city is so large that we would have ended up with taxi rides all over anyway when traveling with smaller ones like us. If you prefer bus and metro to save a little, I am sure it is not a problem either.I do not think I would choose another hotel next time.	
May 4 2009 	a welcome storm	Enough has been said here about the legendary Storm. Having read some of them before my family and I headed for Beijing, we prepared ourselves for a let-down after the hype. As it turned out, tripadvisor was right. Storm just seems to have a knack for figuring out who likes what, when and how. All his recommendations were spot on, and helped make our holiday a memorable one. It seems some people have speculated that he takes a cut, for example, from the duck rice restaurant he steers people to. At the price you get a sumptuous meal for at the restaurant, seriously, a cut is unlikely to amount to even a cab fare. Plus he actually saved us from paying for guides etc that we didn't need- and encouraged us to head out on our own. He could have suggested we take taxis or hire guides he knew, but he didn't. You would do well to look him up, you won't regret it. The hotel itself was very warm and welcoming, the service great and the rooms comfortable. We're fans.	
May 3 2009 	Totally recommend - great for kids (and everyone else too!)	Travelling with young children? Stay here! We decided to take our three kids (ages 7, 5 and just 3) on a cultural holiday to China. We had an eventful, interesting and wonderful time and the Holiday Inn was just perfect for us. Everyone there was wonderful - and especially nice to our children, the restaurant staff (thank you Anna from St Petersberg - our kids loved you) couldn't do enough for us and made us feel so welcome - no matter what the crazy request. We met the famous Storm, who is a master at realising if you need his help or not and a real gem if you need advice on what to see or where to go.The rooms and the hotel itself are just a nice hotel - like any other nice hotel - tastefully decorated, everything works, the bathrooms are clean and well-stocked with toilettries, the linen smells nice and the beds are big and comfortable - oh and it is quiet - no paper thin walls here. Personally I don't need anything else from a hotel. (Want? Maybe, but need? No.)BUT. What makes this place really special is that there are really, really nice people working here. The training must be amazing - either that or they are all super happy about something. They looked after us so well, we spent ages in the restaurant and ended up (very dull of us) eating every breakfast and dinner there because it was just so easy and pleasant (and our kids love buffets!). Don't expect a glamorous marble palace - but wouldn't you rather be somewhere with lovely staff who seem to really care about what they do? If I had to say something constructive I would say that I'd love to see the pool a couple of degrees warmer (because I am a wimp and it was freezing in Beijing) and the changing rooms given a facelift to match the rest of the hotel - they look a bit sad. Also, the massage menu was rather cryptic and the massage I had was good but I had no idea what I was letting myself in for - more description might have been good.We had a great time here - really recommend it.	
May 1 2009 	Storm and money? No way!	I stayed at this hotel for six days in april 2009.At home I had read the many positive comments about this hotel and staff.It all appeared true.I could easily talk about many positive aspects of my stay in this hotel, but others have done this before. I fully agree with them.One experience.I wanted to bike through Beijing, so I mailed the hotel before to rent a bike for me.For whatever reason, my rental bike was not there when I arrived at the hotel.I met Storm, I asked him where my bike was.He told me that he had expected still another mail from me as a kind of extra confirmation of my wish to rent a bike.He was probably right, but I had not sent this extra mail.So, no bike.Storm asked me when I wanted a bike.In two hours, I said.Two hours later I had a bike.I could use the bike all six days of my stay in Beijing.I had a wonderful time with this bike, I crossed through Beijing at ease.The bike was Storm's own bike, he lended it to me.After six days I returned the bike to Storm. With many thanks.Storm abolutely did not accept any financial compensation for the borrowing of his bike.In my opinion it would be normal if I had paid him some money for this service.But he really wanted no money, so finally I gave him just my sincere thanks.Let nobody tell me that Storm is after the money.On the contrary: I did not notice anything in this direction.So my conclusion is that Storm is just a great guy, who wants to show his kindness and hospitality!I thank him for this unselfish act, that gave me so much pleaure. Paul de Gier, the Netherlands	
May 1 2009 	Best Bet in Beijing.	Just spent 9 nights at the Holiday Inn Central PlazaPros- As mentioned Storm is amazing! He is proactive and found us a great/cheap Peking Duck (11USD), an amazing mushroom hot pot restaurant (12USD) and arranged a private trip to Ming Tombs/Great wall (104USD). I am not sure what his title is but he is more a Customer Service Ambassador for the Hotel than a concierge. I am surprised he is not teaching customer service. Frankly, because of location, I doubt I would stay there if he was not working there. I wonder if the hotel knows how much business he brings in?- Great deal as far as room 90USD with breakfast.- Fast internet 2MBit, although ya gotta pay 90RMB for it ?Cons- It is a little far from the action, but taxis are cheap, although be warned divers do not seem to know their city well, even with addresses written in Chinese I found them getting lost 70% of time, unless of course it was a major tourist spot. Print address and map in Chinese if you need to go somewhere not on tourist trail- Most of the concierge staff seems pretty green, unless I could find Storm, Frank or Grace I would just sort out my own stuff on the net transfer images of addresses in Chinese to my iphone. I am not sure if it’s lack of English or knowledge, but is was time consuming and frustrating dealing with most of front room staff.	
Apr 25 2009 	I am very satisfied	I spent a week in Holiday Inn Central Plaza and found it as very good. Everything went fine from my first day's check-in to the last day's check-out. I was tired the first evening when I came to the hotel so, I did not recognize that in the breakfast-room they served a buffet-style dinner, which is something I prefer. Nevertheless, I went to Zen restaurant (they have several restaurants within Holiday Inn Central Plaza) and had my dinner there. The second day I choose the buffet dinner and the rest of my stay I eat out, either various dimsum delicatessen in the street outlets or did some food shopping in nearby stores. By the way, the breakfasts were excellent and with a variety of choices, including familiar western style, as well as with valuable opportunities of tasty Chinese noodle soups and similar goodies. The room was large and clean, including the bathroom (see the pictures). I liked all the bath ware provided to the guests, as well as two bottles of drinking water per day (free). Holiday Inn Central Plaza provides an excellent taxi support (there is zero-time waiting for a next ride). The hotel has several staff members whose main job seems to be organizing taxi rides for you. In fact, they fill in special hotel cards with the car plate(s) of the car(s) and give the cards to you to fill in the rest i.e. if you are satisfied with the ride or so. Later you return the card(s) to the stuff and then you can easily check if the particular driver did the proper job on the regular costs, or maybe ripped you off or so. (I have not experienced that while my stay in Holiday Inn Central Plaza.) I have found that service as an excellent way of preventing possible cheating with the taxis. Overall, I used that kind of service for several city trips, including visits to Temple of Heaven, Lama Temple, Houhai lake area, and China Science and Technology Museum. (I have also used taxis for some other routes but these mentioned above all started from the hotel's door. Instead of using taxis from and back to the hotel, and particularly if you want to learn more about the 'ordinary' style of life in Beijing, there are plenty of bus and subway lines that you can use with accommodation at Holiday Inn Central Plaza. Please note that the hotel is not so close to the nearest metro station, (I think that Nanlishilu was the name of the nearest station) but you can learn to use buses to reach the metro system. For example, my third day in Beijing has started by visiting Lama Temple. Although I did start the daily trip with a taxi provided by the hotel staff, a friendly concierge suggested me to look after the metro station, which was close to the Lama Temple area. The idea was to use a combined two-subway line ride to approach the Summer Palace in the second half of the day. Therefore, I did so without any problem, but eventually I returned to the hotel by another taxi because it was late in the afternoon and I did not want to study my way to the hotel by dark.The other day I found myself in the famous Wangfujing shopping area, fully crowded by foreign and domestic, mostly rural visitors. After spending some few hours at Wangfujing, I learned how to return to the hotel without taxi. Actually, there is a Wangfujing subway station that is hidden in the basement of a large shopping mall (I forgotten its name). So if you want to go right to Holiday Inn, you should take the line #1 in a direction that goes through the subway station named Nanlishilu (A remark: Take always a city map with you. By the way, subway tickets are two RMB only). At Nanlishilu station, exit the subway, go upstairs and out of the station, turn right at the nearby street crossing, walk some hundred meters and locate the bus stop for line #56. (I was amazed when recognized people quietly waiting in a queue, one by one – which is something completely opposite from the custom in Serbia.) So, join the queue if it is there, enter the bus (bus tickets are 1 RMB, don't expect to get a real ticket from a driver or bus conductor – just put the money in the transparent box close the bus crew), and enjoy local passengers watching you as the stranger for some 10 minute ride. Leave the bus at the bus stop *before* Holiday Inn. When it is dark outside you could miss the particular stop, what happened to me once or twice, but do not worry: you will spot the familiar green logo of the hotel at the right side of the bus, so just leave the vehicle at the next stop, *after* the hotel, and walk back a few dozens of meters. After a 3-minute walk, you are in the front of Holiday Inn Central Plaza. That way, and despite the absence of a nearby subway station, you will be capable to reach major locations (Tiananmen Square, Wangfujing shopping area, etc) for just 1+2=3 RMB per direction. Besides that inexpensive kind of travel through the city, if you use that kind of transportation back to the hotel in the evenings, very close to your last #56 bus stop there is a bakery and some food stores so you can get something for your supper at almost no cost. Beer cans start from 2.60 RMB, salted peanuts and/or a cookie at 3 RMB, a package of various kinds of Chinese cakes at app 8-10 RMB etc. Compare that with the Holiday Inn's 200+ RMB buffet dinner, or some 400 RMBs in the Holiday's 'Zen' restaurant…) Of course, if you are not on a budget like me, you are free to spend whatever you want … Although I have not met the famous Storm Li personally (though we might have met but I did not recognize his appearance), I met another nice member of the Holiday Inn's staff, their duty manager, Mr Bob Tan. Bob helped me a lot to find myself as familiar as possible not only within the hotel premises but with the opportunities of that fascinating city. Among the others, he advised me to try some shopping within the area surrounding Xidan subway station etc. Summarizing my experience with Holiday Inn Central Plaza, I could say it is an excellent choice for almost every sort of possible guests, maybe excepting the families with small children. Actually I did not see some (if any) suitable areas within (or outside) the hotel where the kids could play or have some otherwise fun, but maybe I just missed to see something like that. On the other side, business customers would appreciate the absence of loudly kids in the hotel. In the evenings, around 10 pm, I liked to swim for a while in the hotel's pool but found the water a little bit cold for my personal taste. In fact, the second half of that March 2009 was relatively cold and windy in the Beijing area, so I would appreciate more hot water in the pool next time I visit Holiday Inn Central Plaza.	
Apr 24 2009 	Storm's the man....	We chose this hotel after reading all the great reviews here on TA. We were not disappointed. Nice quiet area (residential) with local restaurants recommended by Storm just around the corner..Taxis were cheap &amp; not too far from markets etc. Storm planned our trip to Mutianyu Great Wall which was excellent, organised a pedicab tour through the hutongs and even went as far as escorting us to our actual train carriage for our overnight trip to Xi'an. He was incredibly helpful, a bonus to the Hotel.The hotels standard exceeded our expectations..as a 3star, I would rate it closer to 4.5 / 5. The Hotel is only 5yrs old and the facilites were excellent. The pool area &amp; gym in particular &amp; also the buffet breakfast would have to be one of the best we have experienced in Asia.Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, only downfall was the a/c in the room. Too warm &amp; stuffy, unable to turn down due to government regulations. (experienced this also in Shanghai) Our request for a fan was punctual.Great English speaking staff. Would stay here again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Agree to all positive reviews - best buy ever	Must agree to all positive reviews so far - this hotel is real value for money! Located in a living area with its pros&amp;cons. Positive; local resturants located nearby with good Local Food. Cons: spend time in taxi to downtown evening area for more nightlife.Staff is excellent in service and energy to help out and if you are troubled about anything outside the hotel - just look for Storm;). Can really recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Experience!	My husband and I went on an Asian Tour for our Honeymoon, and the hotel accommodations and staff were one of the nicest things about our time in China. Storm, the concierge, was one of the most helpful people we met. For our honeymoon they had a beautiful bouquet of flowers, champagne, and chocolate- all complimentary. The room was fantastic, very spacious and clean, with lovely modern decor. They seemed very concerned with feedback. We had one small problem with a hairdryer and it was fixed immediately. They also have a very nice buffet at the hotel, although it was a bit overpriced. There's a great massage place right across the street with very decent prices and nice staff. Storm was the golden boy- he arranged for us to eat at very authentic locations, and took us on a personal tour of the Great Wall. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Holiday Inn was great; Storm was exceptional!	Holiday Inn Central had great rooms and a great breakfast buffet. Storm was incredible..he planned all three days for us...two adults and two girls (14 and 12). The great thing about Storm is that the itinerary is all about you and on your time...if you want to change something at the last minute--no problem...and you'll get some great meals...thanks Storm!Stillers from USA	
Apr 16 2009 	Can't speak Chinese? Stay here.	The hotel has excellent service and clean rooms. English speakers Storm, Winter, and Anna make life easy by having all the information you would need to appreciate the city. They were patient and informative. Storm wrote everything in Chinese so that I could go around the city by taxi. There is absolutely no pressure to buy into anything but they are willing to spend the time explaining. The hotel has a big bonus with those people on staff.	
Apr 15 2009 	Comfortable and Friendly	The hotel is wonderful: definitely the kind of place you need to rest in between visiting all Beijing has to offer. A couple of things could be said about the hotel's location: yes, it is a little far from the tourist attractions but on the other hand it is also located in a real Beijing neighborhood and - most importantly - literally round the corner from one of the best restaurants in all of China - Youth Restaurant. The rooms are comfortable, clean and equipped with everything you may need. The breakfast is great and the staff is incredibly helpful. We chose this hotel because of the rave reviews we read here about Storm. We had already arranged many of the tours to the Wall etc. through our own travel agency, but the restaurant recommendation came from Storm for which we were incredibly grateful. Certainly feel like we could've counted on Storm and his colleagues for more services if we had needed them. Would definitely stay here again next time in Beijing.	
Apr 15 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Beijing	This was our second stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza and as before it was a delight. The staff cannot do enough to make your stay special - this is from check-in to dining room staff to conciege. We had a business room on the 12th floor which was huge with a sitting area, king size bed which was so comfortable with lovely linen and pillows. You do have a pillow menu which is always welcome as is the fruit. The bathroom is a good size with good quality cosmetics and towels. Your room is equiped with everything you could wish for including robes and slippers. Breakfast was lovely with a huge selection of foods from different countries, if they hadn't got what you wanted ready, they would prepare it for you immediately. We also used the restaurant for dinner which was again a very pleasant experience with the most tentative staff - I have to mention Linda here as she was so delightful and took great delight in trying to decipher our attempts at Chinese! We had use of the Executive Lounge which had complimentary drinks and nibbles - the ones we tried were absolutely fabulous.During our previous stay we had use of the internet free of charge. This has now changed and you have to pay unless you are on an executive package.A short walk from the hotel is the bus terminus, here you can hop on the local bus to Tienanmen Square. Also in the vicinity is a KFC (should you wish) plus supermarkets and lots of restaurants frequented by the locals.Duriing our stay we met 2 trainee managers Panos and Anna, who were so helpful to us and suggested new places to visit.The most pleasant stay at a hotel I would thoroughly recommend.	
Apr 15 2009 	All the reviews are spot on and it's a good hotel too!	My wife and I booked a cruise on the Diamond Princess from Bangkok to Beijing, preferring to do our own hotel reservations pre and post cruise. We like to think of ourselves as true independents, the holiday was organised online two weeks prior to departure.On trying to find suitable accommodation in Beijing to our surprise we found the Holiday Inn Central Plaza to be the #1 ranked Hotel among Trip Adviser readers. Why would this be so we asked ourselves?After reading the reviews, Storm was the obvious answer, and we can tell you that ours mirrored other people’s experiences.Not wanting to pre book exorbitant car transfers into the city from the Port of Xiangang (approx 150kms from Beijing) we decided that after some research that the bullet train would be a better alternative.So after booking our accommodation online with the Hotel, I emailed Storm for some advice on the best way to get to the train station from the Docks at Xiangang. He replied the next day saying he would send someone down to meet us and direct us to the station. What a service we thought, now only if it worked out that way.Well we arrived at the Docks on a chilly Monday morning some 5 weeks later and sure enough someone came down to get us; it was Storm himself! He had actually brought some other hotel guests down from the Hotel to catch the return cruise so I guess it worked out great for all concerned. We spoke briefly to one of the guests who told us that Storm was a fantastic help to her whilst a guest at “his” Hotel.We can tell you that if you get a chance to catch the bullet train (called the “C” train) don’t pass it up. It reached speeds of 333 kph and the journey from Tianjin to Being South took 25 minutes (a distance of about 115 kms). The cost was CNY58 each (about AUD12) which when you add the taxi trips either side amounted to about AUD80 for the two of us plus Storm. The cruise line wanted USD80 each for a 2 &amp; ½ hour bus trip that was to drop us at a different Hotel in Beijing from where we had to make our own arrangements. A private car transfer would have been USD210.Storm we believe is not the Concierge; he is in fact the Manager Client Services. He holds a degree in Horticulture, is married with one child, and is a very smart and dedicated employee. There is no way he is a sub contractor milking the guests to the detriment of the Hotel. If he is getting any kickbacks from recommended restaurants then they must be working on very fine margins.Storm took us to the nearby Student Restaurant for lunch after we checked into the hotel. He left us to order our lunch on our own. Two great dishes, some rice and two beers came to about CNY74 (AUD16).When I offered the waiter a tip he didn’t want to take it from us but we insisted, because his attempt at English was far better than our Chinese. If there’s a margin there to pay anyone a commission good luck to them.The same goes for the apparently obligatory Peking duck dinner. Soup, Duck and two dishes washed down with Green Tea and beer came to about AUD30. In a capital city restaurant we were pretty happy with that.The Hotel itself was very comfortable. Service everywhere was attentive without being intrusive and the buffet breakfast was fine.Our room was all that we needed, very clean and reasonably spacious (I recall being offered the Executive Floor upgrade at about AUD100 per day which is not a few bucks) the king size bed was comfortable the air conditioning worked silently and we got a late checkout at no extra cost and without a quibble.Whilst there is really no nightlife outside the Hotel everything in Beijing is only about an AUD 5 cab ride away, and either Storm or any of the front desk staff will write your destination down in Chinese and English for use by the cabbies.We only had three days in Beijing, which was not really long enough to even scratch the surface of this great city. But we did get a ride on the Bullet Train, managed to get a couple of local restaurants in. We did go to Tianamen Square and saw the Forbidden City in the distance, saw Mao’s Memorial and the ancient Gates to the City, even spent a morning at the Beijing Zoo, did a full days shopping and had a trip to the Great Wall, all organised by Storm and his team at this great Hotel. At breakfast on our last morning Storm even surprised my wife with a small gift of the local Green and Yellow Tea after I had told him she couldn’t get her preferred tea at one of the restaurants he had suggested to us.We know of no other place anywhere in the world where you would be treated like visiting royalty by simply booking a room for two nights.If you don’t put it on your bucket list then don’t say you weren’t told.	
Apr 13 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	We recently spent 4 nights at this hotel and loved everything about it. The decor of the hotel and the guest room was serene and beautiful. The staff was very attentive and the service manager, Storm, helped us with day-trip planning, taxis, and a special Peking Duck dinner at a local restaurant. The breakfast buffet catered to all tastes with many choices. We thought the price of the room was very reasonable by US standards; the food and drinks were somewhat high but we experienced that in most &quot;western&quot; venues in Shanghai and Beijing. A great choice for a hotel in Beijing - no doubt about it!	
Apr 11 2009 	GREAT MOTEL!!	We stayed at this motel 2 times once in March and then again before we left China in April. They have a great floor for massage, pool and fitness center, I had a Japanese massage, great!. The breakfast had a great choice for western food. I like my eggs hard, and the cooks just do not understand it BUT this hotels head cook, understood and he made them. They were not under or overcooked, PERFECT, thank you!! There were several people that did speak English and Anna was GREAT! She was in the breakfast area and talked with the people, very friendly and helpful! Storm was also there to help but we had a priviate tour guide lined up from some friends we know. Storm was always nice and great to talk with. I had decided NOT to upgrade to Business and did not regret it at all. We got a standard room and they were nice size, when we got to our room they had fruit and a piece of candy there. When you needed a taxi they made sure you had the hotel information to return there. The TV had several English channels including CNN so we could keep up on what was going on in the US and the World. When the business center was closed I was able to go to the Executive lounge and use the internet. The price was higher then most motels I had stayed at in China 3rmb a minute, but at least I did not have to carry my computer so I could at least check my e-mail. This is a great motel!!	
Apr 8 2009 	Do not trust these people	I made the mistake of making bookings at this hotel. I had a trip to Hong Kong via Beijing planned for 9-12 March returning to Beijing on 22-23 March. To get a visa for China I had to make flight and accommodation bookings prior to applying for a visa.As this was around the time of the Peoples Convention I had my visa refused despite having made previous trips for business into China.Unfortunately the Holiday Inn Central Plaza refused to refund the booking costs so I had 5 nights @ $123 per night stolen from me because of this hotels booking policies.It might get good reviews but if your plans are not 100% solid I would not risk booking with this hotel as they do not act in an honourable way when their own government causes a cancellation. There are better risks in Beijing!	
Apr 5 2009 	Great hotel with great service!	The service at this hotel was wonderful, the staff kind and accommodating. The hotel itself is clean and modern and although the location is a bit removed from public transport or walking to places (mostly because the city is huge!) the staff make it very easy for you to take a taxi (for cheap) anywhere you want/need to go. Definitely would stay at this hotel again!	
Apr 1 2009 	Storm is the key to a successful Beijing holiday!	My brother and I were on holiday when we visited China for the first time. After several reviews of Beijing hotels on TripAdvisor, we decided with Holiday Inn Central Plaza. Our decision couldn't be better, primarily because of Storm.I typically stay in hotels about 3 nights a week as part of my career working for an airline. I was particularly impressed by this Holiday Inn because it truly is a luxury hotel, with a spa/massage center, fitness center, restaurants with an amazing breakfast buffet, and a courteous staff that will help you with anything you need. It is important that you contact Storm immediately when you check-in, that way you can get your questions answered and get your itineraries finalized for not just Beijing, but for anywhere in China. Storm was able to recommend a hotel and tour in Xi'an for us, and helped book air travel from Beijing to Xi'an and back, all of it was less expensive than what we found online. Even while in Xi'an, Storm contacted us to ensure that everything he had helped arrange was going well. Storm is the ultimate &quot;go to&quot; person in order to have the best experience in Beijing.You will most certainly find him at the Salt &amp; Pepper restaurant during breakfast, as he makes his rounds helping the guests. If you need him at other times, just ask a hotel staff member for him, and they will call him for you. It is even advisable to email him at goodstorm@188.com before you arrive in Beijing to give him notice of your arrival. He is a genuinely nice person that can truly makes a difference for your China holiday.We observed nothing but smiles from the amazing staff and other hotel guests. I am looking forward to returning to China in September with my parents, and am even more excited about staying here again and arranging it with Storm.	
Mar 29 2009 	Heed our Storm Warning and the Storm Surge awaiting you	Although the location is not ideal, the hotel staff and room accommodations were very good. Everyone was very pleasant and helpful. We got the greatest kick out of the young Greek intern in the Executive Lounge. (Pay an extra few bucks for a room on the Executive Level.) This young man is enthusiastic, bright, funny and engaging and on his way to a successful hotel career.But, it was Storm that was most puzzling and ultimately a disappointment. It quickly became clear that Storm has his own agenda so he can maximize vendor commissions. When we didn't go to his favorite Peking Duck, tea room and Hot Pot restaurant he wasn't happy. And, when he found out we were booking tours through the hotel instead of him, he literally cornered us a hall way and told us to cancel our hotel booked tour because his tour, in taxis, was the &quot;real tour&quot;, but it wasn't. Yes, our tour to Badaling Wall cost a bit more than a taxi, but we got a lot more: a funny knowledgeable English speaking guide, all admissions, lunch and the chance to socialize with a small group (12) people from several countries. Sure there were two sales stops on the tour, but both were interesting and fun...no problem. Seeing a city from the back of a taxi with a non-English speaking driver, is not an authentic experience. Rather than a true concierge, Storm appears to be a sub-contractor farming guests for his income, so take his suggestions with a grain of salt. We believe he sees hotel guests as his personal flock to herd and harvest and his bad-mouthing of the hotel tours and management staff was unprofessional and super uncomfortable for us. There is something a bit sleazy and smarmy about Storm and his agenda that like many things in China has two faces.	
Mar 27 2009 	Wonderful service at a quality hotel!	I was in Beijing for the first time on business and went with the this hotel on Trip Advisor for it’s then # 2 ranking for popularity of all 1200+ Beijing Hotels. I was not disappointed. My whole experience at this hotel has been wonderful. The only downside is the location as it is in the South West part of Beijing and a lot of my business was in the North East. Chanchungie Subway is the closest, can take 15 to 30 minutes by taxi dependin g on time of day. It took me two hours by Airport express train and the subway and then taxi to get to hotel. The hotel staff were fantastic. Joanna checked me in wonderfully and gave me an upgrade to a business room and access to the fabulous executive lounge. The staff generally here are some of the friendliest staff I have ever come across in my travels. Jessica and Maggie in the executive lounge went to great lengths to satisfy my requests. Roger the front desk manager was always asking after my welfare as well which was really nice. The hotel has been designed by a Feng Shui master. You can sense a lot of thought has gone in to the design of the rooms and the general atmosphere of the hotel. I could not fault the quality of the food, the rooms, the internet access etc etc. Just be careful that you pick the right hotel for your trip as getting from one side of Beijing to the other, either by taxi or subway can take hours. Also the masseurs are not properly qualified masseuses in the beauty salon on the 2nd floor. I requested a Thai massage and did not get what I asked for. I will be back to stay at this hotel with my wife and boy for a holiday in July hopefully.	
Mar 22 2009 	Their Moto should be The patron is the reason for our existence.	As mentioned, greeted with courtesy and bending over backwards to make your stay as pleasant as possible in all respects; this Holiday Inn should be a training ground for all units both foreign and domestic. This applies to all personnel, from the door man to the front desk, to the maid, to the restaurant. It is very unusual to find such a customer oriented staff in this day and age, and most refreshing to find it as a foreigner where the barrier of a language is the opportunity to be overcome with genuine service. The acme of this visit was being served by Mr. Storm who is the Hallmark of Service.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel - Storm is excellent	A very nice hotel by any standard. Rooms are large and impeccably clean as is the entire hotel. The hotel is located approximately 3 km Southwest of the Forbidden City and less than a 5 dollar cab ride from anywhere you would want to go in Beijing proper. All of the staff were wonderful and truly went the extra mile at every possible opportunity. This hotel really strives to be the best in Beijing: they regularly check reviews on tripadvisor and are quite sensitive and responsive to all feedback received. The buffet breakfast included in our room rate was expansive and of very high quality. Like so many others, we chose the Holiday Inn Central based upon the many positive reviews below, especially those praising the services of Storm. Even with the tremendous expectations for Storm based upon the countless reviews he does not disappoint. Storm will help you to arrange as much or as little as you desire. His recommendations were spot on for us, allowing us to see much more of Beijing during our stay than we would be capable of otherwise. Additionally, the trip he arranged for us and personally accompanied us to the Great Wall was simply spectacular and wonderfully devoid of unnecessary or irrelevant visits to factories or other tourist traps. I would absolutely recommend the Holiday Inn Central to any of my family or friends visiting Beijing.	
Mar 17 2009 	Amazing City 	My girlfriend and I have stayed at the Holiday Inn Beijing Central plaza for 6 nighs (13-19 March 2009). We found the hotel to be exceptional. Rooms are good size, very clean, well kept and modern as well as good value for money. The service is tremendous the type you would normally need to shell out 10 times what we paid for. Local knowledge and help was very good too with the now infamous STORM delivering 100%. This guy is brillant in genuinely helping your stay be the best it possibly can be. Thanks Storm.Finally if your budget can allow it consider an upgrade to the Executive lounge especially if you value regular internet and like complimentary drinks and canapes in the evening. We originally had booked a standard room for our holiday but at the check in desk alowed ourselves to be talked into paying for an upgrade to upgrade to the executive lounge. It was one of the best decisions we have made ths trip.	
Mar 3 2009 	Best staff ever	I chose this hotel on the recommendation of 'trip advisor' and I have not been disappointed. The whole hotel from the staff to the building is exceptional. There is only one thing better in Beijing than this hotel and it is 'Storm' their customer service manager. He arranged flights for me, taxis. a visit to a business contact in the suburbs. I cannot thank him enough for his help. If you are visiting Beijing you need to stay at this hotel to have Storm as your top man. Although a bit far out from central Beijing, it is still great here.	
Feb 16 2009 	This is late - but it was great!	I have been putting this review off, but our stay at the property could not go unnoticed. I also write as a service to fellow travelers, for we choose the H.I. based on all the great reviews on this wonderful website. On our first morning breakfast, Storm already knew our names from our check in and sat down with us, as we had little plans. He made many great suggestions including a restaurant called Youth, for Beijing Duck. The upgrade for the concierge level and the breakfast buffet was well worth it. My husband was thrilled with the number of soccer channels, and the rooms spacious. Excellent service!! Our biggest challenge was always returning to the hotel after tours, taxis hard to come by during rush hour. Watch out for &quot;black rikshaw&quot; scams!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great hotel and great customer service by Storm	This Holiday Inn was very comfortable to stay at. Never had any complaints during my stay. The bathroom was a good size. One of the main reason to pick this hotel is Storm. He is the person who makes sure his guest are well attended to. Language is the biggest barrier in China. Storm speaks good English which makes it very easy for you to ask questions and get advices on where to eat and what to see while you are there. If you don't already have a day-to-day plan when you arrive at Beijing, Storm will help you with that. Storm will also go out of his way to make sure you reach your destination, stay after his regular work hours as well to help out. There was one time, when the front desk got us a taxi for the wrong place, but luckily I had Storm's number, and when i called him from the taxi, he immediately answered and talked to the driver to explain where we wanted to go. Storm took us to two restaurants- youth restaurant and Dragon light. Dragon light is very good for mushroom soup and Youth is good for peking duck. I have to say, Dragon light had very good customer service, but if you cant speak Chinese, it will be extremely hard for you to order any food without Storm around. One more thing, to keep a note of, there is a massage place behind the hotel, if you go there, please make sure to specifically tell them that you don't want any talking during the massage, our masseuse kept talking the whole one hour. This place is a little away from the main sight seeing sites. You have to use the taxi,if you are relying on metro/bus, it might be a small walk. Overall was great trip in Beijing.	
Dec 21 2008 	The hotel is great Storm is better!	This hotel is simply one of the best I have stayed in ever... and I have stayed in some famous ones.The staff are excellent, the breakfast is huge, and the rooms comfortable. While I had a small issue with the noise outside my room (soldiers on patrol as we happened to hit Beijing at the same time as 40 world leaders!), everything else made up for it and I was offered another room if I needed to move.The breakfasts were massive and I defy anyone not to find something they like. Even so when I asked for peanut butter and bacon on white toast it was no problem. However even though everything in the hotel was great, the thing I remember most is Storm. This guy is amazing. For example I was eating breakfast and he came over to say hello. I was talking about the fact we were going shopping at a Mall no one seemed to know and he instantly pulled out a map and identifed where we needed to go and what we needed to ask for. Another time we were walking along the road to the Youth Restaurant and he hapened to see us. As we werent completely sure where we were going he turned around came with us, introduced us to the staff and made sure we had ordered and eveything was OK before leaving! On our last night Storm even took us off to a small restaurant (Dragon Light) which is a small family restaurant a couple of kms from the hotel. This night ended up of being one of our highlights of China even though we spent amost a month travelling to a wide number of places. If you are in Beijing and dont want a tacky tourist stop but do want the best food ever then Dragon Light is the answer. The owners are some of the nicest people in China and even though they knew no english and we knew no Manderin it was still a great night and they made such a fuss over our 10 year old. If you need to stay in Beijing this hotel should be your first choice. If you need some help with anything then Storm is the person to ask. My wife and I have just booked to go back to beijing for a week over Christmas and I am highly dissappointed that the hotel is booked out. Next time I will book earlier...However we plan to eat at Dragon Light no matter what!	
Dec 7 2008	Best in Beijing?!	You wouldn't expect a Holiday Inn to be good, i've always thought of them of average on the outside but had never stayed in one up until this very pleasant stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn in Beijing.This was the last leg of our holiday in China and i really wanted this hotel to be good and it was.Pretty much everything was superb, the lobby, the contemporary colour schemes and ambience, the business facilities, the breakfast buffet, the attentiveness of staff, the room, the beds etc. It was all superb and we really could not have asked for more out of a hotel which is moderately priced (think we payed about £400 for a week) in July.Recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a 5 star top hotel but can't justify the price, it's as good as many 5 star hotels i've been into thats for sure.	
Dec 4 2008 	The reviews don't lie this is a great place to stay.	I travelled to beijing on a whim, while enroute to Tokyo to meet a friend. I only spent one week, but I definitely chose the right hotel to spend the week at. The rates were very reasonable, and the service was just fantastic. Most of the staff spoke enough English (as though it is their responsibility to make up for our ignorance!) to help me find everything that I needed, and the concierge went above and beyond. He lined me up with a car for an entire day that took me anywhere that I wanted to go, he setup dinner reservations, got me to the markets, and even warned me about potential scams that go on in Beijing - which ended up saving me a lot of money when one of them happened to me!The location was great, the service was great, the rooms were clean, and almost Western room size. Very good, very impressed, and if I ever go back to Beijing, this is where I will stay.	
Nov 24 2008	Storming Success - a huge asset to Holiday Inn and any visitor.	So this hotel does deliver on all counts - the reason for this review is to illustrate why you might pick this hotel from one of the many hotel chains on offer in Beijing.  The hotel itself has everything you would expect and is a great place to stay but the main reason someone on holiday should choose this hotel is simple it is their employee Storm. We cannot emphasis enough how helpful and considerate Strom was to two people who had a lot to do and see and a very short time in which to do it. Let's just say that he went above and beyond what Holiday Inn probably expect - to the extent that when we left he insisted on escorting us to the (incredibly large) train station to ensure we found the right train for Xian. This was at the end of his day when most employees would be more interested in going home. If you are going to Beijing - stay here and you will be looked after.Holiday Inn take note - without Storm your hotel might have all the usual offerings but you are No.1 because of this guy's efforts.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great stay in Beijing!	We chose this hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor and we were not dissapointed. The rooms have been recently refurbished and are certainly very comfortable. The breakast buffet is ample and caters for all tastes.The hotel's main asset is 'Storm' the helpful guy who can get you pretty much ANYTHING that you need. No Job is too big or too small from restaurant recommendations to personally picking you up from the airport. On arrival he will go through with you the aims of your stay and organise your entire itinerary including all day trips/tour guides etc as well as plan you day according to the weather forecasts for the coming week. To be honest - there are probably many nicer hotels in Beijing but it really is worth staying here just for the reasurance that Storm truly will arrange your entire trip to your specifications and will not disappoint.The hotel also provides free mobile phones on loan from the concierge to enable you to make local calls within Beijing and local mobile phones free of charge - a nice touch that saves you a fortune in roaming costs! Dont worry about the location - taxi's are very cheap in Beijing and its easy to get around, besides - Storm will organise a driver for you for your entire stay if you so wish!	
Nov 16 2008 	Loved Storm	Beautiful clean marble entrance. Rooms were clean and spacious. Morning buffet was huge. The real reason to stay is the concierge, Storm. We emailed him a month before our stay and told him what we wanted. He met us at the airport at 5am and took us to the hotel. He gave us a cell phone and said if we ever need help we just call him. That was a life saver. He arranged a rickshaw ride that took us places we would have never seen any other way. We also had a driver take to take us all the places we had asked for. At the Great Wall we took a ski lift up and a toboggan ride down. We even got lost one day and he came and got us. Storm personally took us to dinner every night because it is hard for a foreigner to read the menus and met us for breakfast every morning. He never ate with us but always made sure we were taken care of. Our last day we had to get to our ship which was a 2 hour journey away. Again he went with us to make sure we got there. He bought train tickets on the nicest, cleanest, smoothest train we had ever been on. When we got off the train he negotiated with a van driver to take us to the dock. He never left us until we were checked onto the ship. Storm would be a 15 on a 1-10 scale. We have never had service like that. It turned a good trip into a fantastic trip. We have made a new friend! Thank you Storm.	
Nov 12 2008 	Outstanding Service	There is a reason why there are so many positive reviews for this hotel and it all comes down to outstanding personal service. We went on a family trip to Beijing with my mother and my grandmother for 5 nights and we were all very impressed by the personal attention to every aspect of our hotel stay...transportation, dining, and room preference, even personal doctor house call were promptly arranged when my grandmother was a bit under the weather. A special tribute needs to be made to Frank, Leo and Jackie from the Concierge and Lisa from the Room Services and Reservations Dept for providing such attentive and personalized service. They really went above and beyond and made our stay pleasant and memoriable. I would definitely go back and would recommend this hotel to anyone who plans to go to Beijing.	
Nov 10 2008 	One word. Storm!	I travel a lot in my work so I am used to stay at good hotels but I must admit that Storm (the guest relation manager) takes this hotel to another level. My girlfriend and I just came back from a perfect weekend in Beijing that was organised by Storm and his assistant Alice. Without charging anything extra (which is otherwise standard for everything in China) they organised trips, set us up with nice restaurants etc etc. The weekend in Beijing could not have been better. The hotel itself and the rooms are nice (location could be better but you always have to take a taxi anyway so the extra 5-10 minutes doesnt really matter) but the reason you go here: Storm.	
Nov 4 2008	Absolute gem!	My husband and I stayed here with our 7-year-old daughter in September of 2007. We stayed for 5 nights and paid the equivalent of $146 CDN a night for an upgraded room with 2 queen size beds, upper floor, breakfast included, wifi, satellite TV, etc.We were on a year-long trip, this was one of our splurges and we're thrilled with how it turned out.Location is not central but cheap and easy taxi rides to anywhere you want to go. The girl at the door always wrote down our destination for the taxi driver in Mandarin, told us how much we should pay and wrote down the taxi's license plate just in case we had any problems. She also asked our daughter at the end of each day where she had gone and what she had done and took a genuine interest in her answers.We arrived by train from Xi'an and hoped (at 7 am in the morning) just to be allowed to leave our bags there. Instead we found ourselves being checked in, offered a free breakfast and able to shower and start our day nice and fresh. Wonderful.The food was fantastic. My husband loves seafood and aside from the included breakfast we came back to the seafood buffet two nights while there. It was incredible. As well, we ordered room service (first time ever for us after coming back drenched after a full downpour) and it was /so/ good. Our room was wonderful. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was gorgeous, the wifi was stable and reliable, and the cleaning staff was great.The pool was lovely too. We made use of it on several occasions.We wrote a letter of recommendation for one of the hostesses and received a personal letter of thanks from the manager of the hotel, cc'd to the girl in question, her school (she was working there on an exchange program) and human resources.Just can't say enough good things about this place.p.s. for anyone looking for another restaurant within the area, the Youth Restaurant several blocks down on the same side was very very good.	
Nov 3 2008 	Gem of a full-service hotel in a quiet easily-reached haven of Beijing.	We always consult Trip Advisor before booking any holidays abroad, relying on the experiences and reviews of others before making hotel reservations. Our experience at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing not only met our expectations, which were shaped by prior reviews, but exceeded many of them.The hotel has many sought-after qualities, but chief among them is their Hospitality Director and Concierge, Storm. Never in all our travels through Europe, Asia and N. America have we encountered a more attentive, helpful staff person at a major hotel.Three generations of our family gathered for an independently-planned tour of Beijing and three other destinations in China. Storm made our 4-day stay in Beijing seamless, arranging for taxi and other ground transportation services to all the sites we wanted to see. We received excellent value for every trip, knowing they would have cost us more if not for Storm's suggestions and advice.Awaiting the arrival of our daughter and her family from Japan, my husband and I spent our first day visiting the Temple of Heaven and the immense park that surrounds it. Storm arranged for a taxi to drive us to the park's east gate, letting us know how to obtain a return cab if we wanted to explore the nearby Pearl Market after visiting the Temple of Heaven. The entire visit was a success, and was timed perfectly to coincide with our extended family's arrival at the hotel when we returned.The next day Storm arranged for a driver and minivan to take our family (2 1/2 yr. old toddler included) to and from the Great Wall at Mutianyu. En route to Mutianyu our driver took us past the major Olympic Games venues, stopping to let us stroll and explore the areas between the celebrated Bird's Nest stadium and Water Cube. The remainder of the day at the Great Wall (clear skies, high temps. around 65F) was ideal. Does it get any better than this?Well, it did. Storm had arranged for our family to go to a traditional family-style restaurant for a hot-pot dinner. The restaurant was not located in the tourist heart of the city, but rather in a neighborhood not far from the hotel. Storm escorted us there for the evening, doing all the translation for us since we have no Mandarin speakers in our family. The meal was outstanding -- vegans take note -- the hot-pot began with a purely vegetarian stock and included nine different types of mushrooms.Tienmanen Square and the Forbidden City were on our list for the following day. Wanting to see more of the city ourselves, we took the #10 bus from its terminus, about 3 1/2 blocks from the hotel, and enjoyed the adventure of riding with everyone else to work. The bus went directly to the square at a cost of 1 Yuan each way. Our little granddaughter had the best time running around Tienmanen Square; we have many photos to remember those moments. We strolled into the Forbidden City and, after visiting its grounds, split up according to our individual interests to explore other venues in Beijing. Storm had provided us with English (and Chinese) guides to assist us back to the hotel via taxi or bus. The bus had been such a success on the outgoing route; when all of us had returned to the hotel we found that each family member had chosen to return that way as well.An elegant dinner of Peking Duck at another local restaurant -- clearly patronised by local residents and not clusters of out-of-towners -- capped off another perfect day.Every visitor / family's narrative is different, because every traveller seeks something that speaks to him or her individually. I simply chose to report the above events so readers could see how this hotel's Hospitality Director tailored our Beijing visit to suit our family's needs and wants. The hotel itself is an overlooked treasure. It is not located on Beijing's busiest (and noisiest) hotel boulevards, yet is in an easily-accessed quadrant of the city that has rapid taxi, bus and underground links. The quiet setting in this huge, ever-busy city is a godsend. After touring very busy venues during the day it is a pleasure to return to a hotel that features no blaring horns in the streets below, yet offers all the amenities that seasoned travellers expect: spacious rooms, well-appointed baths, excellent business services and high-speed internet hookups in all rooms, pool, exercise room, and much, much more. Our daughter and her family were especially impressed beccause the hotel had provided a child-sized bathtub and potty seat for their (almost) potty-trained 2 1/2 year old.Did I mention the food? The breakfast buffet at the lobby's Salt &amp; Pepper Restaurant is opulent; it would take a stay of several days to sample all of it.Without reservation, I would recommend this hotel and its staff to tourists and business travellers alike. It offers a very comfortable stay, in well-appointed rooms, at an extremely good value. If you go to Beijing, by all means consider staying at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza.	
Nov 2 2008 	Loved the breakfast buffet	Bejing was our first stop in China, and a very good start it was! The rooms are excellent , large, clean en newly furnished. The dinner is served in a very quiet location, the food is good and the ambiance is perfect for a weary traveller!We loved the breakfast buffet. This hotel is perfect for a stop-over.	
Oct 31 2008 	Does have potential to be a gem	We just finished conference over in Guanganmen and we had booked 14 rooms up in Guoman and we had to do a lot of liasing with the staff to coordinate many ongoing events and we have been very happy with staff.	
Oct 30 2008 	Pleasant stay great service	So glad we decided to stay here after reviewing other feedbacks. Location a little out of the way from major sites but taxis cheap in China and actually, it was nice to be staying away from the crazy congestion around the sights, specifically around Forbidden City. Service was excellent, very professional. Hotel comparable to 4- to 5- star hotel in the U.S. Met Storm briefly, who was helpful but I didn't see him often around. The other concierge...limited English and not as helpful...overpriced cost for private transportation to Great Wall but did not let us know that it was possible and much cheaper to hire private taxis (which should be approx 600 RMB). After staying at 3 other hotels in China (including Hyatt), I would say this was best service, cleanest, and most worth the money.	
Oct 24 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	We visited Beijing with another family and when we arrived we didn't have any trips planned (Great wall, Forbidden city, etc...). We were greeted by a hotel employee named &quot;Storm&quot; upon arrival. He was very pleasant and helpful as we herded the 6 kids in our party into the lobby. After getting our rooms we discussed our plans with Storm and he sat down with us to lay out our short 3 day stay. I would have to say that without his help we wouldn't have seen as much as we did. We live in Southern China, but our friends traveled 15 hours to visit us and they were very pleased with the hotel and the activities while in Beijing. It is no wonder that this hotel is ranked very highly in Beijing. The food, the rooms, and the staff (Storm and others) made this a very memorable trip. All of this and the price is also very reasonable.	
Oct 19 2008 	Holiday Inn is an extremely good Hotel and Storm makes it great!	The Hotel: We stayed seven nights. We booked an executive suite. Our room was quiet, well presented, clean and had everything we needed. The bed would probably be described as hard but I thought it was extremely comfortable. We had a choice of hard or soft pillows. Since we booked an executive room we were able to use the executive lounge which had tea and coffee facilities, cold drinks and water in the fridge (open from 6 am) and a really nice range of light food in the evening. This was great and we often went up during the day for a cup of tea/coffee and a peanut biscuit. We would take a break and read for a while to gather energy for the next outing. We also went up several evenings during our stay for a light snack. They had really nice little desserts like chocolate mousse, custard tart and fresh fruit (including kiwi fruit).The Hotel is in the financial area and so further away from some of the tourist sites but I really didn’t find that a problem. Taxis are cheap and the Hotel makes sure the taxi drivers get proper instructions and keep an eye on the taxi service its guests receive. Actually travelling to places by taxi gives you a look at Beijing and the chance to experience in full the driving skills of car drivers (sharing the road with huge numbers of cyclists who don’t have lights on or reflective gear at night and go in all directions day and night). Everyone just shares the road and weaves in and out to get to their destination with minimal fuss.Storm:The amenities and the food are very good but it is a person that makes this Hotel the hotel to stay in Beijing and that person is Storm. Storm is the Hotel’s greatest asset. He is personable, attentive without being intrusive and does a fantastic job. We meet Storm at the airport. He had been there at 5 am to meet a group of four off their plane and stayed to meet us and travel with us back to the Hotel once our plane landed at 6 am. He was available to discuss our sightseeing options, book trips, suggest restaurants and generally help make sure we got the most out of our stay. He wrote us notes so we could give them to the taxi drivers and waiters in restaurants (so we were given time to choose our food). Sometimes we had three or four notes for the day to get from one location to another. He also gave us a local cell phone one day when he thought we may need to ring him for assistance. We could always ring him on the cell phone at anytime. Our plans to go to the Great Wall changed as the weather was not suitable and it was no problem for Storm to cancel arrangements on his recommendation. It just made the holiday so much more enjoyable. We also had mostly sunny days with clear blue sky.The first person we meet in Beijing was Storm and he rung us as we left in the taxi (at 6.30 am in the morning) to head for home to wish us a safe trip home. He is a great ambassador for his country and a Holiday Inn employee extraordinaire. Choose Holiday Inn and contact Storm before you leave.	
Oct 16 2008 	Number One	I can see why this hotel has a number one ranking. Perfect in every way. The best breakfast in the world.	
Oct 15 2008 	This is the Hotel to stay!	If you are going to spend a few days in Beijing and looking for a hotel with great breakfast, excellent service, spacious room, easy to going around and with a very reasonable price, this is the best hotel to stay!We are a 6 people family group from Norway (including 2 kids aged at 8 and 10, 2 Grand parents aged over 60), by carefully reading the reviews on Beijing hotels from different travel agents, we finally picked up Central Plaza Holiday Inn (which is #1 on trip adviser list) as our one week stay in Beijing from 18th, sep. We made contact with Storm prior to our arrival via his email to help us book the hotel, he quickly made us a reservation with a very reasonable price, he also asked us if we need to be picked up in the airport and our arriving time, we did not use the pick up since we need meet our relatives first in the airport. When we arrived in the hotel, Storm surprised us by being there waiting for us (he actually worked additional hours just to wait for us and make sure everything is OK). He quickly asked our plan and also suggested a local Chinese restaurant which turns out to be our favourite place to eat during the week stay (Qing Nian Can Ting), 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and right besides a small supermarket. Once we checked in the hotel room, we felt immediately relaxed, specially my mother- in-law, she has been worried about the hotel standard in China all the time ever since we start travelling, now she had a big smell in her face. We felt to sleep right away on the comfortable bed (some people complain the bed is hard, but we love it.) The bed in the double room is about 1.35 meter wide each, which is perfect for one adult and one kid to share, so this double room is perfect for 4 of us. The grand parents also loved their king-size room; they love the “Hard” bed too.All the room are very clean and well designed. Every positive comment from Trip adviser and Forum regarding the Hotel standard is very true. Great pool, we used it everyday, kids love it. Service on this hotel is the best among all the hotels we had stayed around the world; they have no problem to beat the Five Star hotel on this point and much better than them. You can see and feel every people worked in this hotel love his jobs, they are very happy to help you from the bottom of their heart. Breakfast is great with large selection of western and Eastern food; our kids specially liked the fresh squeezed juice from different fruit and vegetables, and the fresh made milkshake. Good coffee! Each day we spend nearly an hour in the breakfast charting and eating, very enjoyable.Storm is the Gold Key of this Hotel, and he deserve more than that. During our stay, he arranged us a trip to MuTianYu Great Wall, a Beijng Duck dinner (LiQun KaoYa) in a very local small Hotong area, great experience, and delicious Beijing duck! We booked to ducks, I think my father-in-law eat at least one of it by his own. ?. Storm also helped us booked 6 bullet- train ticks to QingDao at no additional charge!! He makes our stay more relaxed other than just be busy tourists. We spent next 2 weeks in QingDao, HangZhou ,Xi’An, also stayed in several 4-5 star hotels including a Holiday Inn in HangZhou, none of these hotels we stayed can beat this one, they are good, but Central Plaza Holiday Inn Beijing is the best! When we were back to Beijing in October 8th, a day before we leave to Norway, my mother- in-law specially asked us to book this hotel as her last night in China. We enjoy every minutes we stay in this hotel.Thanks again, Storm and every one working in this Hotel! Haugen familyNorway	
Oct 13 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Wonderful Storm	After reading the reviews for this hotel and the lengths Storm goes to look after his guest on trip advisor, we choose this hotel for a weeklong stay in Beijing. All the positive reviews and what has been said in the Forum is true and not exaggerated. Storm made a real difference to our Holiday. At some point every day (if necessary) he would meet with us and help plan what we were going to do that day and he had many helpful suggestions. We made contact with Storm prior to our arrival via his email goodstorm@188.com. He arranged a car and driver to pick us up from the airport and then surprised us by being there waiting for us. We also joined Storm as he took a group of tourists to join a cruise liner on the fast train to Tianjin and the seaside port. The Hotel as some reviewers have pointed out is away from some of the main tourist places, but then it is close to others i.e. Temple of Heaven, well worth a visit. We went to see the great wall at Simitai and highly recommend the extra effort (2.5 hr drive each way) to see this rugged and amazing section of the wall. After all the walking you are bound to do, Storm can recommend a good local place for a foot massage. The place is truly local, with no English spoken and no concessions made to tender and sore western feet. There was a lot of groans from us, which drew strange looks. Thanks Storm and Holiday Inn Central Plaza for making our stay in Beijing very enjoyable and a lot less stressful	
Oct 11 2008 	Fantastic Beijing. Wonderful Hotel. Highly Recommended!!!!!!!!	We loved everything about this hotel, from the very classy marble lobby with water features and candles, to the food, our beautiful room 711 and helpful, attentive staff. Nothing was too much trouble for them. They were all incredibly cheerful and polite and obviously enjoyed their job very much.Everything you have read about the amazing concierge Storm Li is true!! He spent every morning wondering amongst the breakfast tables talking to customers and helping them plan their days by suggesting places to visit and arranging excursions on their behalf. His knowledge of local restaurants and out of the way gems helped make our excursions memorable and our trip unforgettable. On my 30th birthday Storm organised for Balloons, Flowers and Chocolates to be in our room when we got back from a meal at a restaurant Storm suggested (It was an amazing and really made my day!!) Storm is a credit to Holiday Inn and our trip would not have been the same without him or the rest of the Holiday inn staff (Dexter, Antony, Jacky, Shirley, Lisa to name but a few!!!) Taxi's are cheap and readily available so although the Hotel is far out it is not a problem. The average taxi is 20-40rmb (£2-£4 or $3-$6) so very cheap. It is approx 800rmb to go to great wall which is (£70 or approx $105) but due to distance and time needed for excursion it is very good value!!!Western toilets are few and far between (Mcdonalds and Pizza Hut have them). Mainly hole in floor type and not fun. Also you will need to take your own toilet roll as it is not readily availbale. Drainage system is not very good and you can not usually flush paper, most toilets have a bin.Being Western you may get stared at as they are not used to seeing Westerners. However, it is just curiosity and is nothing to worry about. The Chinese are very friendly.The smell of drains is disgusting and older people spit frequently and with gusto so be WARNED!!!Please make sure you visit Hou Hai bar area as it is very pretty and Nuage Vietnamese restaurant is very romantic and lovely food.There is a restaurant near the hotel that serves Hot Pot which you must try as it is delicious. I think it was called Apo Qiao?!Also take a pedicab tour for approx £350rmb as good fun and you get to see the Hutongs where the locals live.Make sure you visit the Night market at Wanfujing street as the food they sell is stomach turning and definitely worth seeing!!!!We would definitely recommend this Hotel without a doubt. Beijing is a fantastic city which comes alive at night!!!!!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Hotel Outstanding Service	Everything and more than what the web postings already tell you. Storm is outstanding, very willing to help you out with anything you want to do. Someone posted his email in a previous post and he will stay in touch with you and make sure you have a good stay. All other staff were outstanding also. Very friendly and eager to make your stay pleasant. I'm used to staying at average American hotels, but I have stayed at a Ritz Carlton, and this hotel beats the Ritz I stayed in hands down. The Ritz had great service, but this place was phenomenal, especially Storm. I haven't stayed at any other Beijing Hotels, but this one beats any American hotel I've ever stayed at. Facilities were great, nice pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. Great room, comfortable and clean.	
Sep 24 2008	Yes it's as good as all the other reviewers here have reported!	Stayed for two nights - little to add to the glowing reviews from others.The hotel certainly deserves its high ranking and the room rate paid (CNY 1,094 per night for Executive floor room, including free use of the Executive lounge, breakfast, laundry, soft drinks from mini bar, internet access) was very reasonable.It is hard to find fault - but perhaps some of the food at breakfast was not of the highest quality (the cakes were stale, sushi dry and the fresh fruits not always ripe).As is too often the case in modern hotels, the shower drainage was blocked so that the water flooded into the bathroom every time the shower was used.Other than that, the hotel deserves its current top ranking on tripadvisor.	
Sep 18 2008 	Excellent hotel	This is deffinatly the best hotel I have stayd at so fare. My girlfriend and I stayed there for 8 nights, and we enjoyed every minute. The staff was very polite and helpful, the rooms were excellent, the pool was great, and the food was really god. The location was not so god, so prepare for some taxi-journies. Taxi is cheap, so don't wory. The hotel is also very cheap, and it is well worth the money. It is not very chineese, if you prefere that.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great Hotel for the $$	We travel to Beijing 2-3x per year and have seen the prices for hotels creep up. On our first visits to China in 2001 it was important to stay in 5-star hotels and anything below that was not comfortable for a picky Western traveler coming from a long distance and traveling for business. I found this hotel searching the Internet and was pleasantly surprised. The Holiday Inn chain in the U.S. has an OK reputation as being just and OK chain, but in Asia the facilities are often not company-owned and vary greatly from hotel to hotel. For the most part they are above the average Holiday Inn in the U.S. and this one is no exception.The location is just OK if you are a tourist, but clearly within a reasonable distance from the major sites in the city. The hotel is modern, clean and comfortable. On this visit I found a great deal on the Executive Floor including evening happy hour and breakfast and it was well worth it. Free internet also won me over as that is very important to me. The staff in the Exec Club could not have been more friendly or helpful. The morning breakfast was limited, but very well prepared and the evening happy hour had beautiful appetizers that could easily have made a meal for someone who is not a hearty eater. Staff in this club was excellent, friendly and helpful. Don't pass this hotel by if you are considering a 4-5 star but don't want to spend the extra money...this is a great value.	
Aug 20 2008 	Very nice hotel	My husband and I recently returned from an 8 night stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. We chose this hotel because of the wonderful reviews. The hotel facility is wonderful. Very clean, nice size, and in-room high-speed internet (although you pay about 90 RMB/day for access). All of the amenities of a Western-style hotel and everything was very clean. We ate everyday at the hotel, which has a East-West restaurant with a buffet at breakfast and dinner, called Salt and Pepper and a Cantonese-style restaurant called Zen. Both were good, although we often found ourselves at Salt and Pepper for the wonderful breakfast buffet (approx 180 RMB/person, a bit pricey but included in our package). The room AC was very effective and very quiet. The bed was on the firm side. It was a mattress on a board frame. We were given 2 firm and 2 soft pillows, which was a nice touch. The staff is peppered with those who speak reasonable English. There are plenty of staff who do not speak English or who only speak a small bit of English. Although I have read that the concierge, Storm, is wonderful, do not expect that level of service from all of the concierges as we found the variability in concierges very high. The front desk staff was good. The hotel has a currency exchange machine in the lobby, which we found very very handy! The rates were very reasonable for exchange.The hotel has what looks like a very nice indoor pool and exercise room with newer looking equipment (we did not use these services).The location is not convenient to public transportation and there isn't a whole lot to do within walking distance of the hotel. It is very easy to get a cab from the hotel but not always easy to get back. Although the hotel provides a card with their name and address with a map, do not expect cab drivers to immediately know where the hotel is. If you catch a cab from a different section of the city to return to the hotel, you may encounter some puzzled faces. This hotel was a wonderful base from which to experience Beijing as we had booked private tour with Wild China for our first 4 days. I highly recommend Wild China for their professionalism, attention to our needs, and ease with which we saw some very crowded and sometimes distant attractions. They picked us up and dropped us off at the hotel everyday.All in all, we were very pleased with our stay and would stay there again.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great hotel especially if you upgrade	We stayed at this hotel at the end of our tour of China and we decided to treat ourselves and upgrade to the Executive Suite. The room was great with a brilliant view, a fantastic shower and really comfy beds as well as all the bonuses you’d expect in a 5* hotel. Best of all was the lounge where you could get yourself a drink or a snack at any time and they laid on a huge buffet every night of delicious western appetisers which at this stage in our trip were a godsend. The staff were friendly and helpful. We tried out both their Chinese and their Western restaurants and they were both excellent. All in all I’d highly recommend this place.	
Jul 22 2008 	Location has its challenges	I just returned from China and spent about 9 nights at this hotel, using it as my base as I traveled around China. The one main reason for staying is the Concierge &quot;Storm&quot; - he made sure we had a unique experience. The first week I thought the hotel was too far from the center but by the second week we realized we were actually in a great little community, restaurants and local life a mere 5 minutes walk. Laundry service too - just ask Storm.For the price this can't be beat! We chose the Executive floor so it gave us a place to hang out and free breakfast everyday - which during the first week was a real plus until we got our &quot;jet lagged&quot; bodies into gear.Contact Storm - goodstorm@188.com to make your trip unforgetable.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved the Concierge	We read the review on trip advisor - that complimented the concierge - Storm, As we had no previous experience of China we began a dialogue via email with him - he composed a comprehensive itinery for our trip, We stayed at the hotel which was excellent - But never - in all my International luxury hotel experience have I been so well taken care of by the concierge, he planned our excursions exquisitely - and although for part of the trip we were not staying in the hotel - but traveling, he was either personally escorting us to, or on the phone to our next destination organizing colleagues to take care of us. Whilst I appreciate concierge are on incentives - none of the rates we paid for tours, guides or transportation were inflated.China has done a marvelous job in revitalizing its appearance for the Olympics - but its real stars are the people like Storm who are responding remarkably well to Western sensitivities.Honestly we would have had a very different experience in China without Storm, - The Holiday INN chain are several thousand dollars, and 2 very happy customers better off from us - because of him. -Thank you.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Hotel Fabulous Concierge!	We had a little trouble initially with our reservation but the Holiday Inn more than made up for it by giving us a room upgrade with access to the executive club (free wireless, free food) and free breakfasts each morning! We stayed for 3 nights and the rate was incredibly low. Then there was Storm, the incredible concierge. He would listen to what we wanted to do each day and then lay out a few options, complete with relevant advice (don't take such-and-such cabs, they'll rip you off, etc) and dining reservations. One day he walked us to the bus and paid our fare; one night he beat us to the restaurant to translate and order for us since the place he recommended didn't have any english speakers; the last night he set up dinner and a show (don't recommend the show) and then SHOWED UP even though he wasn't on duty just to make sure everything had gone well. This man makes the hotel. Definitely recommend the Holiday Inn Central Plaza!	
Jul 7 2008 	Very nice	This hotel was really very nice. I stayed for 3 nights, then flew to Xi'an and came back for 1 more night before leaving China.The service was excellent, the staff very friendly and professional - and very stylish uniforms, I must say! The hotel itself is pretty impressive. I did not have any chance to visit the bar and other amenities available, but by appearances, they were all first class.Rooms very great - enough space, beds were very comfortable, and very nice decor. Bathroom was large and very clean.Breakfast was fantastic, a very wide spread of traditional Chinese and Western food.The hotel is situated in a very convenient area for seeing a lot of the sites (Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Summer Palace, Temple of Heaven), all within 20 minutes drive of each other I estimated. It's also about 35 minutes from the airport (without traffic). It however is not close enough to walk to any areas for the nightlife - a taxi is necessary. You can negotiate a cab to the Hou Hai area (about 30 minutes away) for about 30 Yuan, but if they use the meter, it works up to about the same in any event.You can take a walk down the street (exit hotel, turn left and walk up to T-junction, then swing right and walk down the street), and you'll find some restaurants and street food along the way, with a few small shops for shopping and such. I didn't walk more than 10 minutes down though, but I found a restaurant with the street vendor grilling a variety of meats on skewers (lamb, chicken, beef, octopus, squid, etc), each ranging between 3-6 Yuan. You can order the meat, then go into the restaurant and pick your sides to have a full meal, I just had a few of the skewers. Nice to experience, and pretty tasty.All in all, a very good option for staying in Beijing, and I would recommend to anyone visiting Beijing for the first time, with the primary purpose being siteseeing.	
Jul 6 2008 	Stock up on Breakfast!	Spent 4 great nights at the HICP. When we came in at 9:30 pm from New York, we were utterly exhausted. The front desk was helpful, and check-in moved quickly. We ordered room service, which came quickly, and the food was delicious. We collapsed, and slept very well. The hotel was quiet, the room had plenty of space and amenities, and we enjoyed our time - recovering from our daily tours. (We had already booked a tour guide through Dragon Delight, so did not use the concierge services very much..). The highlight of our stay was the delicious breakfast served in the hotel every morning - they had everything from kimchee to Danishes, Chinese dishes and European cheeses, toast, cereal, waffles, a variety of fresh fruit, you name it. The servers brought coffee and tea to our table, and we stocked up for the day ahead.Although we stayed in several hotels during our trip (Guilin, Yangshuo, Hong Kong), the HICP breakfast was the standout way to begin the mornings. There's a coffee shop in the lobby serving coffee-to-go at prices that make Starbucks look affordable, but at least it's available.The location is fine. We took cabs to ManLianDao (Tea Street), the Pauliner Brauhaus (great German food 40 minutes away!), the Quanjude Duck house (what a restaurant!), and a number of other locations. The concierges helped us enormously by writing out the destination in Chinese for the cabbies, and making sure we had a return direction card.Check out was fine...no surprises AND I received extra points on my Holiday Inn/Priority Club card because I had signed up for a summer promotion. Sweet!I highly recommend this hotel and would happily stay there again. I'd stay there just for the breakfast if nothing else!	
Jul 1 2008 	Perfect	We booked the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 3 nights early June after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. We got a great rate in April $90/night (we had to prepay our booking to lock in the rate). We had already arranged for a private car/guide prior to our arrival to Beijing so we did not need to enlist the services of Mr. Storm. We did get to meet him and he was very nice... always greeting us each day. We rarely ate at the buffet since we were out all day but the few times we did it was OK. The Spa is great, we got foot massages every evening at a very good price (around $17 USD for 45 minutes). We would highly recommend this hotel for anyone staying in Beijing for business or pleasure.	
Jul 1 2008 	Fading glory - skip the HI Central Plaza!!	HInn Central Plaza was so disappointing!!As mentioned in many other reviews, cabbies dont know of the whereabout of HI Zhong Huang (in Mandarin) nor whereabout of Caiyuen jia, the address in Chinese.The physical property still seems ok. Ooooh the TripAdvisor 2006 trophy takes pride of place in the lobby. BUT this hidden gem of 2006 is fast fading..Service from porter to check-in to housekeeping is sloppy. And I write factually without any secondary agenda ( in fact just sent a favorable review for their group hotel in Qingdao ).Evidents : inspite of after 3pm arrival, room was not ready. After check-in at 4pm into room 627, had to call housekeeping to re clean the toilet seat - bits of excrement from the previous occupier left uncleaned!!!!!!!! The &quot;water not for drinking&quot; sign was unglued n it was left dangling on the basin ledge thru all 4 days of my stay. The shampoo+amenities box pull-handle was missing and again nothing was done. Night lite didnt light up, neither did the desk lamp. Holder for shower head doesnt hold well anymore.No free internet connection, charged by the minute or abt US$15 a day.Bedroom slippers - the worse quality I had seen any of their group properties. The much raved concierge Storm - bumped into him once at the coffee shop - he gave me a map of Beijing. The receptionist had earlier said they dont hv any give away map. Coffee shop staff and cooks were somewhat a shade off. And oh the coffee shop closes at midnite; at half-past-ten was told the kitchen is almost closed - except for rice, all dishes on the menu were not available. Not even a pizza, muffin nor cake. No choice, other than a foot massage shop across the driveway, the entire neighborhood is dead quiet after 9pm.Forget about staying here! For location, there's nothing like choosing a hotel around Wangfujing or Chaoyang Sanlitun. For once I totally disagree with the high ranking racked up at TripAdvisor for the HInn Central, Beijing. There maybe a root cause for the 'i-cant-be-bothered' looks on the staff.	
Jun 28 2008 	Excellent hotel	I booked this hotel based on the reviews. We never met the infamous Storm even though the reviews on his service were the final factor in booking this hotel. The rooms are exceptionally clean and inviting. I do not know about the location and it did not really matter because taxis are readily available and very inexpensive. This is definitely a four star hotel as noted in China (trip advisor lists it as a 3 star). We had no trouble getting anywhere we wanted to go because of the exceptional concergie service. The staff wrote down in Chinese where we wanted to go and numbered each card so we simply handed the card to the taxi driver and off we went each day. I recommend adding the breakfast to the room charge, the buffet is varied and an excellent value. I highly recommend this hotel and would love to stay there again!	
Jun 27 2008 	Excellent!	My hasband and I had a really relaxing stay at this hotel. I will come back agian!	
Jun 20 2008	Excellent value and hospitality in Beijing	In April, my wife and I returned from a 7 night stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing. Always before I have stayed at 5 star hotels such as the Swissotel. We highly recommend the Central Plaza as a less expensive alternative with about the same proximity to Forbidden City. It is located in a nice neighborhood for local color, restaurants, groceries and sundries. Storm, the concierge, is excellent. He understands concerns of those from the west and can provide good advice and make arrangements with a concern for value and comfort. The buffet is first rate and the staff is very attentive and friendly. The hotel management seems to really try to be on top of things. Recommend Club level accommodations, though the service in the Executive Club, though friendly, is not on a par with that in five star hotels. Only other complaint was that we could not get our room sufficiently cooled at night - a common experience in my travels.However, free broad band access was available in the club level rooms either through Ethernet connection or wi fi. This was in addition to a terminal in the club lounge.So, that is my hotel of choice as I return, this time on business, in June.	
Jun 9 2008 	Hidden Gem Storm shines like a diamond	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for two separate stays, first for three nights in King room, May 115th-18th, 2008 and again for two nights in a double room, May 19th-21st. Upgraded to Executive floor for both stays. Terrific room, great design, free internet wireless in room. No great views to speak of, but this seems typical of Beijing hotels. Hotel was spotless and buffet breakfast was the best we had in Beijing, including the Hyatt Regency and other five star properties.Although the location is not wonderful, taxis had no trouble finding this hotel with a taxi card. Taxis are incredibly cheap in Beijing, so this is not a problem. Subway is a good 25 minute walk, but several convenient buses run right outside hotel, and Storm provided two metro/bus passes for our stay and they did come in handy. Buses are comfortable and the ticket takers are happy to help with getting you to the right stop.Now, for the best thing about this hotel, Guest Relations Manager Storm Li. Storm arranged airport pickup for us, and the driver was waiting when we cleared customs. Storm immediately rang up the driver to insure that we had been properly meet and that all was in order (even though it was past 10 pm.)Storm arranged to meet us the next morning at breakfast and when he did he had plenty of recommendations for us to do on our first day. Since we had a tour guide arranged for the second and third day in Beijing, Storm recommended a pedicab tour of some of the lesser known sites around Beijing. The guide he found was great, although he hardly spoke any English, and he took us to some very interesting sites, and made sure we returned to the hotel in time for our other plans.We also enjoyed chatting with Storm in the evening about the culture of China and Beijing and its history. He is a kind and interesting man, with many talents. He is a true gem and gives this hotel all its character and charm.Unfortunately, although the rest of the staff is caring and attentive, their lack of good English skills leaves you feeling somewhat helpless in the few hours a day when Storm is not on duty. I look forward to visiting this hotel again the next time I visit Beijing and most look forward to seeing Storm again!	
Jun 8 2008	Enjoyed my Stay	I really enjoyed my Stay at the Holiday Inn. Most of this was due to Storm. I had read about him on trip advisor and he certainly more than met my expectations. He made sure my party was equipped with a cell phone, so that we counld phone him when needed and arranged our three day stay according to our interests. I'm not sure how he had the time to help so many people! After me asking about possibly visiting a doctor regarding a sore throat he even met me the next day with a prescription and medicine.I was not thrilled with our room Although it was spacious, it lacked character and had no window. I've never stayed in a room like that, however I'm sure if I had complained I would have been moved.I was also not fond of the location, but the taxis were cheap and did get where we wanted fairly quickly.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great hotel. Not so great location.	Hotel is equivalent to a 3-4 star hotel in the States. Very comfortable, clean, modern. Great staff. Only downside is that it's not in a very pretty neighborhood and it's a longish cab ride to get anywhere. Had I the choice next time, I might stay in a more central location.	
Jun 8 2008 	Storm and Linda = The Real Dynamic Duo!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn, Central Plaza based on the reviews here, 10 out of 10 people whom I told I was staying at a Holiday Inn, laughed. It is everything that's been written here and more, because of Storm and Linda. 1st things first, I found out that this Holiday Inn in the new &quot;flagship&quot; hotel of the new &quot;brand&quot; of Holiday Inn's World Wide, I think Thailand/Singapore are next. I stayed there 12 day's while in Beijing, during that time, their corp. ad firm were there doing promo spots, and I was interviewed and told about the new branding of Holiday Inn World Wide. It really is a 4 star hotel. I made arrangements to be picked up at the airport, China Air forgot one piece of luggage in HK, so I was late getting out to meet the driver. Once on the fwy to the hotel, all I can say is, you have NEVER seen traffic or the way people drive in Beijing - once you accept it, you'll be fine. Once at the hotel I told them about my luggage, and Sophia at the check-in took control to stay on top of it. Hearing a few times it was being sent to the hotel, the next morning I was up early and came down from the 16th floor, elevator door opens, there stood Storm Li. I thought to my self, this guy really is real. hahahah - After chatting for a few minutes, I went out to the cafe in front to have some coffee. Storm came out and while we were talking, he said excuse me, and I thought nothing of it. Five minutes later he returned WITH my lost luggage, and thought &quot;this guy is good!&quot; The next few day's Storm probed me to find out what I was looking to do in Beijing, even besides the normal tourist stuff. One thing I told him was that I wanted to see a Chinese Band at a club in Beijing, his reply was, speak to Linda the Dutch girl who's the guest manager in one of the three restaurants. I had noticed her smile, a mile away, the 1st few day's. One morning she came to my table and asked if everthing was ok, I told her it was, and how Storm said she was the one to talkto about clubs in Beijing, her smile lit the room! I told her I was looking to find a &quot;local&quot; Chinese band to see live in a club, not an ex-pat bar, but a true Chineseclub. She said she'll check into it. The very next day she came up to me at breakfast, and said she found one, and was I free that very night, I was, we went.The club was named MAO of all things and it was 100 % the type club I was looking for. Three live Chinese bands, probably 300 people there, and long storyshort, they were great! Linda's company was fantastic, as she speaks Chinese very well and everthing went great. Seeing her &quot;run&quot; the restaurant over the next fewday's, showed me that she is a treasure, to any company she would ever work for. Her smile pull's you in, her personality will inspire you.As to Storm, he went out of his way with everthing I wanted to do. I told him I had read there were coffee makers in each room, but wern't the type I was expecting, when I told him about Mr Coffee was what I was looking for, he said let's go for a walk to get him a newspaper. During that walk he took me into a Chinese &quot;cvs/savon&quot; type store and there was a Mr.Coffee, that I bought for $6.00 USD and told him I'd leave it for him, once I left. I wanted to visit the Terra Cota Warriors in the city of Xian, Storm found out that Xian was not effected by the earth quake, and was safe to go. He set me up to take a train at 9pm Monday evening and took me too the train station, got on the train, and took me to my car, and introduced me to the strangers I'd be spending the night with. hahaha - Once he left, we departed and I arrived in Xian at 8:30 the next morning. There I met Grace, and a driver that Storm set up, we spent the whole day in Xian seeing the TCW - I flew back that night on China Air (only took carry on) and Storm had a driver pick me up, and was at the hotel once I got back.There is so much more, but as you can see, once I start talking about these two, I could go on, and on, and on.Linda and Storm are special, but to Sophia @ check-in, to Lisa in the executive lounge, to even Mini, the house keeper in the 16th floor,Holiday Inn should feel very forunate, to have employees like them.	
Jun 6 2008 	Hotel met our expectations Storm exceeded them	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the start of our trip to China, and one night prior to leaving. We chose the Holiday Inn Central Plaza after studying Trip Advisor. The hotel rooms were well furnished, spotless, with fairly comfortable beds. Two bottles of water, and usually 2 pices of fruit were complimentary daily. We had several meals at the main restaurant, the buffet choice was comprehensive and tasty, but did seem a little expensive. One night we chose from the menu but we were both disappointed with the qualityWe had the perfectly adequate 'Two egg' room service breakfast (coffee extra) several times, the cost was reasonable, and the eggs were usually still hot on arrival. The location of the hotel was OK, we found it very interesting going for walks to check out the neighbourhood. There is a nice bakery a short walk to the left of the hotel, bottled water/soft drinks were very cheap locally (approx 100yds to right). Taxis were very easy to find, and we were only turned down once one evening. The hotel was well staffed, they were very polite, and most had a reasonable command of English.We had read many positive comments about Storm, we were pleased when he introduced himself to us on our second day, and asked how he could help. The next day he arranged a Pedicab ride from the hotel to the Hutong to finish with Peking Duck lunch. That evening he arranged tickets for the excellent Acrobatic Show. When we returned to the hotel for the second time he arranged a driver to meet us at the airport, and detour via the Olympic Stadiums which we had wanted to see.Storm really went up in our estimation when he took time out of his busy day to accompany us to catch a train to Zhengzhou. It was a huge relief to have him guide us through the massive Beijing West Station. When we discovered we had been booked on the slow instead of the fast train he managed to find 2 people to exchange trains with us! Lastly he helped us onto the train and made sure we were able to sit together. We just feel so grateful to him for all his help. There is a world of difference between someone who says &quot;have a nice day&quot; and Storm, who takes the extra trouble and time to make sure it is.	
Jun 3 2008 	Style over content	We had a large, light and airy de-lux room with a huge window and lovely window seat in this stylish hotel. It was a smokiong room (we had booked non-smoking) but none of the alterrnatives offered were as nice. The vast reception area and the resturant are visually immaculate, but the westernm food in the resturant was dissapointing.The main problem with this hotel is its location, not within walking distance of any of the sites or even a park. Taxis may be cheap (unless you are ripped off, which we certainly would have been had we not had our Chinese speaking son with us) and the traffic in Beijing is so bad that almost any jouney is a long hot one spent sitting in traffic jams.We liked the hotel, but will choose on in a better location next time.	
Jun 2 2008 	Bad Location	I booked this hotel partly because of its location.If you look at Google Earth and like me assumed it was bordering the Forbidden City, you would be completely wrong. The Google Earth indicators are wrong.This hotel is a good 20 mins drive from the Forbidden City. You will be able to get a taxi there, but getting one back to your hotel will be almost impossible (the drivers will refuse you). Have fun sitting in backwards in a motorised rickshaw weaving through 8 lanes of peak hour traffic.You will probably be offered an upgrade to the Executive Floor. I can't say I got too much benefit from it.There is nothing in the immediate vicinity that would entice you to leave the hotel.If I was returning to Beijing, I'd find somewhere closer to The Forbidden City.	
Jun 1 2008 	Storm does it again - great holiday in beijing	My wife and I recently returned from our first trip to china having 4 days in Beijing and 5 in Shanghai...Our stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza started our holiday in the possible way. The hotel room we stayed in was modern, clean and a good size. Our first morning we met the mighty Storm Li, (my wife was very skeptical about how my late nights trolling through Tripadvisor would be of any assistance and especially all the deeds of Storm). Well it knocked her socks off when we asked about somewhere on the street to have breakfast. He not only told us where to get breakfast but guided us to the place then told us what they were making, helped us order and sat with us over breakfast. Storm also arranged a taxi for us to the Great Wall for 600 RMB with a visit to the National Stadium (Bird Cage) where we managed to get through the security to watch a rehearsal for the medal ceremonies.Storm also provided us with a mobile phone for contact with him if we had any communication problems and a travel pass for bus and rail. Nothing was a bother for him. The only unfortunate thing was we did not get the chance to say good-bye to him on our departure. From reading some of the other reviews he was probably performing some good deed to another traveller.Some reviewers have said the hotel is pretty isolated from the main sites and shopping of Beijing but we found this in fact added to the value of our stay. (and the taxis are very cheap anyway) We found a beautiful park about 300 metres from the hotel which was full of local people taking part in their daily routine of exercise.	
May 31 2008 	Very good experience	We spent 3 nights at this hotel. It is not close to the center, but taxis are so cheap that this is not an inconvenience. We did not have problems to find it. The room was incredible, big, confortable, nice. The bed was huge and confortable. The window was very big but it had not dark curtains, so we woke up early in the morning. Moreover, our room was in the second floor (the same floor of the pool and the gym) and it was a bit noisy. The bathroom is OK and you can find an advice about the tap water (it is not safe to drink it) and 2 free bottles of water each day.The staff is kind and efficient, but they do not speak fluent English and there is a man who speaks some words in Spanish. Anyway, they do their best to help you in a proffessional way, specially bell boys. They are nice and helpfull. You can find an ATM inside the hotel and the restaurant is very well assorted. The hotel is comfortable, nice and clean and the staff is very nice. This hotel is a very good choice.	
May 30 2008	Not the best place to stay	Having returned from 3 weeks touring Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo and Beijing and having spent all this time is great hotels I'll have to say the Holiday Inn was not up to the mark.We arrived late at night 11.30pm to find no Concierge service and the bar was closed. Having checked in and taken our bags to our own room we found the mini bar. The fridge didn't work so the beers were warm. I reported this and this wasn't taken seriously.We went out into Beijing that night and the hotel isn't in the best location for bars and restuarants, so a taxi was called. The doorman who was there to get us a taxi didn't speak enough english to understand where we wanted to go so had to get another member of staff out to help.We then returned to our room in the early hours, put the Do not disturb sign outside our door and at 10am house keeping walked straight into our room!!We finally decided to check out and find another hotel after only staying the one night of the 3 we paid for - the icing on the cake was the doormans constant spitting.On check out we were never asked why we were checking out.	
May 25 2008 	Thank you Storm!	We chose to stay at this hotel based on other reviews. I was particularly interested in meeting the infamous Storm, whom I've now dubbed the best concierge - EVER! Storm made our stay in Beijing unforgettable.The hotel itself is amazing. It had every amenity possible. The food was delicious. We tried the massages and my boyfriend got his haircut. Everything was totally impressive. The only thing lacking from out standpoint was an ATM. Luckily there were a couple of options not too far from the hotel.Now, back to Storm. We travelled to Beijing without much a plan except a list of sights we needed to see. Storm helped us plan each trip as well as suggesting other off the beaten path options. He took us to a GREAT Peking Duck restaurant and overall provided a level of customer service we have never experienced.I would definitely recommend this hotel for travellers on a medium budget and looking for really be taken care of.Thanks Holiday Inn and especially Storm for a visit we will never forget!	
May 23 2008 	Couldn't have asked for more	We stayed with 15 friends at the Holiday Inn Beijing at Central Plaza for three nights this May 2008. Physically, the hotel was in almost perfect condition with clean, updated rooms and lobby. Didn't get a chance to check out the gym or pool, but I heard they were nice. The absolute best part of this visit though was the concierge, Storm. Storm guided us throughout our trip- setting up tours, giving restaurant reviews and recommendations, and getting us to and from our destinations via public transportation. Storm even went as far to actually lead us to places that he thought might be difficult for us to find. He set up a great day tour with our awesome tour guide Sunny who took us to the Ming Tombs, a jade factory, the Great Wall, and a silk factory- all for $28 USD including entrance fees, transport, and our awesome tour guide. If this is your first time in Asia like it was ours, the Holiday Inn Beijing should definitely be your choice for a hotel.	
May 22 2008 	Ok this can't be real...	I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn in Beijing and the overall experience was very nice. They keep everything very clean and when I reported that my refrigerator was having problems, they replaced it promptly when I was away from my room. The food was good and the service was great. I paid for the Business plan which allowed for unlimited Internet access in the room and in the lounge and free outgoing local faxes.It was a tad confusing when I accessed the Internet from my room as it said that it was going to charge me but I just figured that if it did that it could get straightened out later. In the end, it did not appear on my bill but it was just confusing. I sent one fax while I was there but was charged for it but I didn't even mention it since the amount was so little. The business center helped me to get a rush fax out in the nick of time but they were slightly confused when I inquired about sending something via FedEx. So I did not end up shipping out the item that I wanted shipped.Ok, now everybody mentions Storm at least once in their post so I was interested in how good the service was to say the least. My phone ran out of minutes so I went downstairs and Storm greeted me when I approached the concierge desk. I asked about how to buy minutes for my phone and he advised against purchasing minutes because I would be leaving the next day and that the Beijing minutes cannot be used in Shanghai or something like that (the entire system there is very confusing). All the while he was discussing this with me, it seemed that perhaps the questions were bothersome and he was preoccupied with something else...kind of like when you're talking to someone and they're looking for someone else to talk to because they are done with you. Well, you know, everyone has an off day and I guess he just wasn't living up to the hype but I really didn't think about it much more.Fast forward to today, I am now in Shanghai and I realize that I forgot, in my haste to get to the airport, my souvenir photos from The Great Wall and some of my clothes hanging up in the closet. I contacted the hotel and they said that they could send it to my hotel but they may cut it close as I am checking out tomorrow back to the U.S. They finally contacted me to let me know that the courier service or shipping company was unable to make the deadline to get it to me so quickly...Ok, here's the kicker...Storm just called my room at the hotel in Shanghai (not a Holiday Inn) to let me know that he is on a TRAIN bringing my belongings to me...FROM BEIJING!!! Are you kidding me??? Who does something like that...People like this do not exist in the real world. I am completely flabbergasted and cannot believe that someone would go through this much trouble just for me. The only words I have left...&quot;If you come to Beijing...stay at this Holiday Inn!&quot;	
May 13 2008 	Couldn't be better	We chose the Central Plaza after reading some great reviews and we were not disappointed. I had arranged an airport pick-up and we were met by Frank, the head concierge who then organised our check in and sorted out a subsequent rearrangement of our room allocation without any fuss. Our accommodation was excellent, the staff in every department were friendly and efficient and the breakfast was superb. We did have dinner in the hotel on one evening which was also very good.But of course the star of the show was Storm Li. I had read so much about him on trip advisor but I was very sceptical and I could not believe that he could be so good - but he was. He sat down with us and asked us what were our interests, then he set about devising an itinerary for us which included a morning exploring Beijing by rickshaw to include as many different photo opportunities as possible. This included Storm Li phoning our rickshaw 'driver' to check that all was well and a brief chat with us on the driver's mobile to ensure that we were happy with the arrangements. He truly cares about the guests and went out of his way to ensure that we had the best possible experience, and all this at a time when his wife was due to give birth at any time.I was very apprehensive about our first visit to China but we felt welcome and cared for at the Central Plaza and I would not hesitate to recommend it.	
May 7 2008 	Deserves to be number 1!	I just returned Friday from a six day trip to Beijing with my Mom and Step-Father. I had read all the reviews and have to say they are all right on the mark. This hotel was perfect. It's not the ultimate in luxury but definitely a very nice hotel. It is the ultimate in service. I was very surprised at how friendly the people are in China, considering communist (and formerly communist) countries are not known for friendly or service oriented people. Everyone was wonderful from the people at the front desk to the bellhops to the restaurant staff to Storm, the famous concierge. His wife just had a baby so be sure to congratulate him if you see him. He was off the first three nights we were there because of this but we were finally able to meet him on our fourth night. In his place at the concierge desk when he was not there, were the bellhops who were equally as friendly and helpful. Almost everyone understood and spoke some English. If you want to go anywhere they will write it on a card in Chinese for the taxi driver. By the way, the taxi drivers will often take you to your destination the long way to make more money and unfortunately if you don't know the city and don't speak Chinese there's know way to stop them. Fortunately the rates are still very low compared to cabs in the US.Our room was larger than I expected, considering we have stayed at other hotels in Asia, namely Hong Kong, with tiny rooms. It was comparable to a room here in the US. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. The beds were firm but not hard, and actually very comfortable to sleep in. There was a pillow menu which appears to be standard at Holiday Inn now, and is a really nice touch. There were robes in the room as well as slippers. The furniture was modern and appeared new. The bathroom had marble counter tops and the water pressure was excellent. Don't drink the water though, it says so on a little plaque above the faucet. They do leave bottled water in your room outside the mini-bar because the water is undrinkable, and there is no charge for it.The buffet breakfast was excellent! It was not included in our rate but it was $15 per person, which I thought was expensive, especially when compared to the food at restaurants in China, but was worth having at least once. It was huge and they have both western and Chinese breakfast items. We had room service as well for breakfast a couple of times, the service was quick and the price of the breakfast itself was only $5 for eggs, bacon or sausage, toast, and hash browns. They make there money on the coffee and juice which costs the same or more than the food.The hotel has a nice gym with cardio machines as well as weights and machines, they have an Olympic sized pool and steam rooms and a sauna as well.We took a couple of tours the hotel offered, the one which takes you to Tienanmen Square, the Forbidden City, the Temple of Heaven, and the Summer Palace was a full day tour which was well worth the money, though booking directly with the tour company is about $15 less per person. The tour that takes you to the Great Wall of China was enjoyable because of the Great Wall, but our tour guide wasn't very good. He didn't tell us anything about the wall while we were there. He did tell us a little bit about it on the way but I was very disappointed with him.Overall, I don't think there is really anything I can complain about at the Central Plaza and I highly recommend the hotel without any hesitation. Enjoy your stay!	
May 5 2008 	Amazing Hotel.	Wow.What an amazing hotel.No detail was too minor during our entire stay...Everything from fresh fruit in the rooms to prompt, excellent service.I'd say that this is the best hotel in Beijing based on 3 things combined:1) Price2) Place3) ServiceThis is the only hotel I would ever think of staying in in Beijing.	
May 5 2008 	As reported this Hotel was great!!	Being a 61 year old woman traveling to Beijing on my own, I took Trip Advisor's advice about the Holiday Inn Central Plaza as I felt helpful staff and an amazing concierge would be just what I needed. I was definitely not disappointed. As well, the rooms, restaurant(Zen) and breakfast buffet and the gym were much better than anticipated - thanks Storm and all the staff for making my stay memorable.	
May 3 2008 	Great Value Great Staff	Just got back from a four night stay in April 2008. The hotel is a great value and the staff are truly exceptional. The staff was very attentive to our needs and very helpful. The concierge arranged drivers for eight of us to go to the Great Wall before sunrise. The transportation was there as planned at 1:30 am and we arrived in time to catch the sunrise. The rooms were very nice and comfortable. The only issue I had was with the air conditioning not keeping the room cool enough for my taste 20C. I opened up the windows and allowed the outside air to come in and the temperature was fine. I would reccomend getting the business upgrade for the room which includes internet and breakfast and snacks in the evening.All in all I booked this hotel on recomendations from this site and I have to say I was not disappointed. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 2 2008	Very accomodating	Everything with the hotel was as expected, fantastic. The breakfast in the morning was very good and had a varied menu. The fitness center was perfect for my needs and the business club on the 16th floor was a perfect was to relax after a busy day. Great rates and the room was exactly what I needed. The location was nice with a Market down the street where we could buy supplies. The staff was very helpful in calling cabs, providing directions, and making suggestions for activities.The real treat with this hotel was the concierge staff. They went out of their way to accomodate even our strangest request. Our group decided that we really wanted to see the Great Wall at sunrise. Rather than telling us that was not possible because the wall does not open until 8:00 they simply asked when we wanted to leave. So we met in the lobby at 2:30 and they drove us out there by 5:00 and we had the wall to ourselves for 3 hours! We watched the sunrise on the Great Wall and had the most amazing time! This was the highlight of my entire 3 weeks in China and it was made possible by the great service of the concierge staff at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. These guys exhibited the very definition of customer service!	
Apr 24 2008	Loved the hotel	My brother and I were in Beijing from the 17th to the 22nd of this month and loved the hotel. The facility is spacious and spotless, the rooms are large, clean and the room service was prompt. The concierge service was very helpful and the Dutch girl Linda went out of her way to be friendly and helpful. The hotel was a very nice surprise, I can see why it's #1 on Trip Advisor	
Apr 21 2008 	Everything great but the LOCATION!!!!	My husband and I just returned from a week trip to Beijing. We had a lovely time and we were very pleased with the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. I would definitely give it more than a three star that the Tripadvisor has given it, however there are few things about the hotel that I should mention to the readers who are debating whether to stay at this hotel or not, it all depends to whether they are there for business or pleasure. I’ll first give you the Good Points followed by the NOT SO GOOD points.GOOD POINTSThere are many good points about the hotel. Rooms are very clean and modern. There is a safe in the room plus a mini bar and you get 2 complimentary bottles of water each day. The breakfast was included in our room price and it was actually very nice and adequate with a variety of choices. The Café in the lobby has good lattes and it’s a great place to relax after a busy day. Please note only GOLD Priority Club members would be upgraded to the executive room for free, we were not gold members so we were asked to pay an extra 300 RMB per night which we chose not to. All the staff members were friendly and willing to help; we saw the famous Storm from a distance helping other travelers but didn’t get a chance to talk to him. There is a currency exchange machine in the lobby that is very convenient and offers exchange at a normal rate. So all together the hotel was great, I would say if it wasn’t for the location it would definitely be a four and half star. We had a wonderful time in Beijing and I should also suggest that the famous John Yellow Car service to the Great Wall that are mentioned in the tripadvisor forum was amazing, John was very nice and professional and took us to the Mutayanu Great Wall…highly recommend him.NOT SO GOOD POINTSThe location is relatively far from most of the sightseeing and shopping malls/restaurants. I guess if you go to Beijing for few days for business it won’t be a problem, but my husband and I were there for 8 nights and almost every day we had went toward Forbidden city/Tianamen and Wangfujing as most of the things were around that area. Some people on this site suggested it was only a 20 minute drive to Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square/Wangfujing Shopping and food district for about 15RMB HOWEVER I guess they must have been lucky because the traffic was crazy for most of the day when we were there and from what we heard it is of course very normal for Beijing (at times we were stuck in traffic for nearly 35-40 minutes and ended up paying 30 and even 50 RMB). Many taxi drivers were reluctant to drive out there and often we had to really bargain and offer more money especially if you go out at nights you’ll find it difficult to take a taxi back to the hotel as it is not in the drivers ideal location so be prepared to pay more otherwise good luck finding one. Other than the location I would stay the hotel is great for a Holiday Inn, although next time in Beijing I would pay a little more and stays at another Hotel in Wangfujing area simply because the malls and food courts/food markets/restaurants there offer better and greater food variety at much cheaper prices. For example a dinner at the hotel buffet restaurant would cost over 400 RMB but outside at any other decent restaurant would be around 150-200 RMB, so as you can imagine the location of the hotel is the reason the prices are lower, but because of lack of option for restaurants nearby you end up spending just that much in the hotel more for food/coffee at the hotel. The Spa is mediocre, we went there for a foot massage and it was not really a smoky dark room with a plastic bucket filled with water and didn’t feel too clean either, so don’t bother with the spa. The Zen restaurant is not too good, it’s overpriced and the food was really bad. My husband ended up getting sick at night after having diner there.That’s it about the hotel, please note other than the few negative things it was a pleasant stay and if I had to stay there again, I would. Feel free to ask any questions you may have.	
Apr 15 2008	Bravo!	This is never just a 3 star hotel! It has an awesome gym (for a hotel), pool and restaurants - particularly the Zen - Chinese. The buffet breakfast is excellent as well. The staff do a great job, particularly the Dutch girl Linda who honestly gave us so much help about what we should do in China in general. She was awesome and the concierge were pretty good as well. Just make sure you don't get laundry done here because it is a rip off! Over a British pound to get a pair of boxer shorts cleaned!!!	
Apr 13 2008 	Wonderful experience	The location of the hotel is quite convenient, and no cultural site in Beijing is very far away by taxi.I loved the rooms; everything was spotless, you have your own control of heat and A/C. The staff was helpful and unobtrusive as well as very efficient.Restaurants around are cheap and open around the clock. I only had breakfast at the hotel but all things were fresh and excellent (even the croissants). I booked through the hotel website, and paid $100+ a night, which was very good value for money.	
Apr 11 2008	Fantastic stay thanks to Storm. He's the MAN!	We now know that there is absolutely no other place to stay while in Bejing, Sure the Holiday Inn in Central Plaza has everything you want and need, and sure it's beautiful and well located, but the main reason we are going back is because of 'a man named Storm'.Storm is the head concierge, however he takes his job far beyond handling your luggage to and from rooms and calling taxis. Storm was our personal tour guide, interperter, public transport coordinator and good friend!Storm pre organised our taxi from the airport, where when left alone you are at the mercy of over-keen drivers who may not always price the tourist correctly. On arrival Storm had optional day plans pre thought and coordinated. This included clear directions, bus travel cards and written messages for local bus drivers and taxi drivers.When we asked him the best place to eat Peking Duck, Storm escorted us to THE BEST, out of the way, fair-dinkum, restaurant in Bejing. He helped us order then left us to enjoy.On leaving, our man Storm even escorted us to the train station, knowing there would be local language and procedure issues to endure to make our continuing journey from Bejing.After leaving Bejing, we travelled to Nanjing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong, and although we have no major complaints with any of the other hotels, we certainly didn't come across another Storm. That meant working out where to go, what to see and how to communicate was definately that much harder and certainly more time consuming.We recommend when you next travel to Bejing, welcome The Storm at The Holiday Inn, he'll make your days sunnier and brighter.Thanks Mate, your Aussie friends.	
Apr 8 2008 	Exceptional!	We are just back from 3 wonderful nights in this hotel. We couldn't fault our stay in any way. Our room was clean and spacious, the buffet breakfast was huge, varied and delicious. We tried the Zen restaurant and were not disappointed. We did not have any dealings with Storm but the rest of the staff Brian, Frank and Cindy looked after us equally well. It was 5 star service at 3 star prices.If we are back in Beijing, we would not dream of staying anywhere else.	
Apr 6 2008 	R.E.S.P.E.C.T.	We stayed here in March for two nights at the end of a journey on the Transiberian Express. There is little to add to previous reviews – everything about this hotel is exceptional and A starred. Staff are accommodating and helpful without being cloying, rooms are spacious and comfy and the food is great. The all you can eat buffet has such an extensive menu, you could eat here three times a day all week and never get bored. The pièce de résistance, is of course, the superhuman concierge (and exceptional human being), Storm. Having met him in person, I can only echo other comments. Storm sorted everything for us and ensured our 48 hours in Beijing were jam packed with unforgettable experiences, off the beaten track, where we often saw no other westerners. I was curious about his motivation and asked him why he went to so much trouble for his guests. He explained about how important his work was to him and how much joy and reward he got from helping the guests. He’s a rare diamond - consider it a privilege if you meet him. Our stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza, coupled with our tremendous experiences in Beijing has convinced us to come back again next year.	
Mar 30 2008 	Fantastic	I have stayed in more Holiday Inns than I care to remember and this one has to be the best by a long way. Helpful staff, luxurious room, great food - try the peking duck in their cantonese restaurant or the international buffet in their main restaurant. It is easy to see why they have won so many awards.We are fairly independent travellers who like to find our own way around when we can and one of the reasons we chose this hotel was the positive comments about Storm the concierge on this web site. We only saw Storm in the distance, but his staff were excellent as well. For example, we wanted to go and see the Great Wall at Mutianyu, but without all the unadvertised, time wasting &quot;retail opportunities&quot; that seem to come with organised tours. We explained this to the hotel and half an hour later were in a private car driven to and from the wall for 800 RMB. The english speaking driver even provided us with an umbrella when it started to rain! Great service.Because of the location you do need a taxi to get anywhere but given the traffic levels in BJ being out of the centre was actually an advantage. The nearest metro stop is a little too far to walk but this wasn't an issue. Whenever we left the hotel the doorgirl briefied the taxi driver where we were going, gave us a card with the hotel details, and idea of the usual price and the taxi driver's number with a number to call if there were any issues and the hotel would sort them out which we never needed to do.	
Mar 3 2008 	Believe!	I stayed at this hotel last summer for two nights, alone, deadset on seeing as much of Beijing as I could. The staff at this hotel learned my name &amp; really looked after me--even gave me a temporary cell to use while I was out. Storm is the ultimate concierge (OMG!! Is he real? YES! He was away the first day and things were very nice, but then he made a good visit into a fantastic one.) I took the bullet train from Beijing to Shanghai, and he arranged my tickets &amp; even made sure that I got a window seat. But I would recommend this hotel highly for the price even (gasp!) without Storm. It was perfectly clean and efficient. Everyone was very nice and fussed over me a lot--I think because I was traveling alone. I think this could annoy me under other circumstances, but I also think they would take the hint. Don't worry about it being far out of town; you can take taxis and they are cheap by western standards. (PS-I spent the first two nights at the super-fancy Grand Hyatt near the Forbidden City--I wasn't paying! It was absurdly posh &amp; the rooms were nicer but nowhere near the 3X-cost nicer. If money were no object....)	
Feb 9 2008	Thanks for your hospitality	We visited Beijing on our way to Australia and New Zealand and only, really went there because of the forthcoming Olympic Games. It was a very interesting and enjoyable stopover of a week.The hotel staff all could not do enough to help us - we were travelling independently. The rooms and public areas were clean with smiling, helpful staff. If they, individually didn't speak English they were able to communicate in other ways or find someone that did. That made it fun to find out about how people live and where best to visit. One of the waitresses was especially welcoming and went out of her way to greet us everyday; as did most of the staff.Storm was especially helpful and took us to a bus stop himself and showed us the procedure for using public buses. We enjoyed that immensley. As it was also my birthday whilst we were there he took us to a local Chinese dinner show where he had arranged for a birthday cake to be cut. The hotel also produced a lovely boquet of flowers. This made my birthday a most memorable occasionl; one that I will never forget.Although we had arranged our tours before we left the Uk, the location of the hotel meant that there was not too far to travel to visit them.A very memorable stay which we will remember always.ThanksPat and Roger	
Feb 9 2008	Storm and the Holiday Inn are Fabulous	Storm and the staff of the Holiday Inn were beyond expectations! I made reservations based on the reviews here and was SO GLAD that I did. Storm appeared at breakfast the first morning after we arrived, asked what things we had planned to see, and made everything happen. When he found that there was an interesting event that we might want to see, he gently suggested that we change our plans for the day and we were so glad that we did. He has lived in Beijing all his life and knows the city. If you want Peking Duck, he knows the best authentic (non-touristy) restaurant. If you want to go to the Great Wall, he suggests the least crowded place to visit. He loves his job and it is easy to see how much care he takes with each person. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and the staff is wonderful. They speak good English and are there to make your stay memorable and enjoyable. Each room has bottled water, fresh fruit, nightly turndown service and nice beds. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. We stayed a week and felt like we barely made a dent in the list of things to see in Beijing. It is a wonderful city! Stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn and you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 3 2008 	Storm is THE man....	Beijing is a wonderful, interesting City. Very vibrant. Lots of traffic but taxis are cheap! Generally speaking the population does not speak English. However staff in the Hotel did - the Hotel was excellent and staff so friendly and helpful. I was ill with bronchitis during our stay and STORM came to our rescue - he was so helpful, friendly and full of advice without being too persistent. He got us medicine, and helped us get a camcorder head cleaner, and told us where to go for the best values in tourist purchases. I cannot imagine a more helpful person - Holiday Inn take note, you do not want to lose this member of staff.The Hotel was spotless - the food excellent. I cannot rate the hotel or its staff highly enough.	
Feb 1 2008 	Service the best	We researched hotels and found the Holiday Inn Central Plaza to have the best overall comments and a very reasonable price. When I contacted the hotel for assistance in touring Beijing and the Great Wall I was put in touch with Storm. Storm was terrific! He sent me information beforehand so my family could discuss and plan what we wanted to do and see. When we arrived, Storm met us and gave us some preliminary information for our time there. The next day he escorted us to Tiananmen Square and got us oriented to that area of Beijing. We did the Forbidden City alone but that was set up to assist English speakers.Storm arranged for our dinners at an interesting variety of places: traditional Chinese in the neighborhood, Peking Duck at a renowned restaurant that does it in the traditional oven roasted way, and Mongolian Hot Pot. He set up our tour to the Great Wall and offered us other alternatives. Since our visit was short, we opted to tour the Temple of Heaven and the Lama Temple. It was a great first time visit to Beijing which was made particularly wonderful by Storm and his assistance.If you go, stay at this hotel and ask for Storm!	
Jan 27 2008	Excellent hotel	Incredible hotel: beautifully decorated rooms; cozy slippers and robes; good tea, fresh fruit and copious bottles of water; a well-stocked fridge; high-quality linens and a very comfortable mattress; and a varied, extensive, and immensely tasty breakfast. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. No complaints at all and I would happily stay here again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Wonderful Experience	We chose the Holiday Inn Central Plaza because of the outstanding reviews on Trip Advisor. But it still exceeded our expectations. The rooms were worthy of a five-star hotel, but the service was even better. We were especially blown away by the attentiveness and concern of the concierge, who goes by the English name of &quot;Storm.&quot; He went so far above and beyond what might be expected to make sure our needs and preferences were met that we felt we truly had a best friend in Beijing. He even accompanied us to the train station when we left Beijing, and saw us onto the train!! As far as the room goes, the beds, sheets, air conditioning, towels, cleanliness and quality were all five-star, and we have stayed in some truly world-class hotels. Wonderful hotel!	
Jan 2 2008	Surpassed expectations	I had high expectations of this hotel after reading the reviews and they managed to surpass them. We stayed for 5 days at the start of our holiday and one day at the end.Room was lovely, newly fitted out and very stylish with thoughtful touches like UK plug points (also other types but not sure which ones)The breakfast and dinner buffets were superb. A great selection of European, American, Chinese and Japanese dishes - it was like a challenge to try as many as possible. Very reasonably priced. Waiting staff were attentive without being intrusive.Health club was clean and good facilities. Never met the famous Storm but all the staff that we met were extremely helpful and polite.	
Dec 22 2007	It's the Best	As a financial auditor my work role is the identify weaknesses and exposures in the way businesses are conducting their affairs and provide an overall opinion ranging from “not satisfactory” to “good”. Most overall opinions are satisfactory, few are classified “good”. My wife &amp; I, together with our son &amp; daughter (both adults), have just spent 4 days at the Central Plaza before heading to the UK. Our choice of hotel was based on being a gold Priority club member and research via TripAdvisor.  Overall opinion…a GOOD. Why? An old saying “You get what you pay for”, in this case our expectations were exceeded. The hotel is comfortable, all staff we came in contact with were obliging, the facilities adequately met all our needs, particularly the beds, we were upgraded and overall felt relaxed, comfortable and happy. Some might say location could be better however we had no trouble in getting the transportation we required.  And then there was Storm, the hotel’s “Customer Service” man, Concierge come “give good service to all guests” Manager…….well referenced by many in TripAdvisor. He deserves the accolades given by guests to this hotel. Storm contacted us prior to arrival, met us upon arrival, played an important part in ensuring we got out of our Beijing visit what we wanted (plus more) and blended weather advice with sightseeing options to maximise our experience. Additionally, he was sufficiently astute to respect the fact that we were independent travellers who like and enjoy our own space. Storm, accompanied us to dinner on two evenings, this adding to the atmosphere of feeling at home and with friends whilst in Beijing. A man who loves what he does, is proud of his job, employer, culture and city and is willing to share all with the guests. He is a great asset to the hotel and its success.  In summary good value for money, warm &amp; friendly staff, great beds and Storm. The hotel met all our needs and I’m sure they would yours.	
Dec 11 2007	Storm Li Conceirge Holiday Inn Central Plaza	Storm Li took the stress and worry out of visiting Beijing and getting us to our ship on time. He arranged our tours and train trip to Xingang where we joined our ship. We would have been lost without him. He went out of his way to help us and get the most for our money. Look him up even if you're not staying at the Holiday Inn. He'll gladly help you anyway he can.	
Dec 1 2007 	Watch out for dodgy taxi drivers and tour operators	I have travelled to many places and have always tried to arrange a reliable pick up from whichever airport I go to. With this in mind I arranged to be picked up from Beijing Airport by Gray Line tours via their website at a cost of $69 for the pick up to the Holiday Inn and the return trip to the airport. The evening before my departure Gray Line rang me to conform the pick up time of 5.30am. I was waiting in the lobby at 5.20am when a Chinese gentleman approached and in his best English said &quot;You man for Airport?&quot; I asked if he was from Gray Line to which he said he was and the taxi was waiting. When I arrived at the airport he told me the fare was 160yuan and that he was not from Gray Line. I had very little option but to pay. He has obviously done this before as a 'friend' of his ushered me into the departure lounge while he stood in front of the licene plate to prevent me from getting the number. I expect to be confronted by touts and spivs at the airport but I find it totally unacceptable that somebody purporting to be a representative of a reputable company can walk into a hotel unchallenged and 'con' hotel guests. Needless to say I cannot claim the 'fare' back from Gray Line as they state that payment over the internet is non refundable. Apart from that I found the hotel to be everything already written on this site. The staff were excellent. The room, on the West Wing was comfortable and quiet and the food and the overall service were of a 5 star standard. Only two small gripes. The ATM in the hotel was not working for the week I was there and the bath tub is miniscule. However the shower is excellent. I would recommend the Gray Line tours ( with the proper guides ). I did their main three tours ie Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Summer Place, Temple of Heaven, Great Wall, Ming Tombs. Lama Temple and Beijing Zoo. All very good value for money. I was there for the last week in November which was the 'slack ' season. I dread to think what it must be like in the heat of the summer in the busy season.	
Nov 26 2007 	Excellent Hotel 	We started our family trip to China in Beijing and were fortunate to have booked our stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. The amenities were way above what we expected to have. The restaurant served both Chinese and Western food and the quality was wonderful. The hotel services were very good and, in particular, we greatly appreciated the assistance we received from Storm Li, the Concierge. Storm helped us plan and actually scheduled our tours in Beijing and he worked with the Business Center to arrange for our flight to Guilin, provided us with a contact and hotel arrangements in Guilin and also arranged our later flight from Nanning back to Beijing. Overall, the hotel services were a key to the wonderful experience we had in China.	
Nov 26 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Although this hotel is not central, the location really does not matter when you are visiting Beijing. The concierge makes it very convenient to take a cab anywhere you need to go. This hotel feels more like a five star than a Holiday Inn. The rooms and bathrooms are really clean and big. I will absolutely stay here the next time I am in Beijing.	
Nov 26 2007 	Very nice hotel.	MY stay at the Holiday inn central plaza was very good.The service is very good and the most important the breakfast at the hotels was very good.It realy felt like a 5 star but the location is not good.Little bit far from the city but worth it if u in a private tour with a private car.	
Nov 25 2007 	Best Kept Secret in Beijing	We stayed 10 days at the Beijing Central Plaza Holiday-Inn in November. Our experience was great after we ironed out a few kinks the day we arrived. We reserved a room with breakfast and Executive Lounge privilege. The breakfast at the Salt and Pepper was great and the staff was very friendly and eager to help. We could choose from the traditional milk and cereal, coffee and pastries, or bacon and sausage to Chinese won-ton soup, steamed buns, Chinese baked bread, soy bean milk, porridge, fresh fruits, and a number of other delicious items. The Executive Lounge was also very good. We could get drinks throughout the day and the happy hour between 6:00 PM and 8:00 PM provided us with drinks and a sample of snacks including hot and cold appetizers, deserts, fruits, and coffee. We could get all sorts extra assistance from non-English speaking staff because I am fluent in Mandarin.Hotel location is very convenient to the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, and major shopping areas. I found major bus routes on WWW.bjbus.com. We went to the Olympic Stadium by bus from the hotel. We took the number 800 bus near the hotel to Yonghe Gong (Lama Temple) station where we transferred to # 858 bus across the street via a pedestrian bridge to the Olympic Stadium East gate. It was surprisingly easy and convenient. The hotel is also very close to the #10 bus terminal where we used to visit the Forbidden City and the newly completed national concert hall/theater. We also took #5 bus to Bei Hai Park, which is one of our favorite place in Beijing.Beijing is our favorite city and the Central Plaza Holiday Inn is our favorite hotel in Beijing. We plan to go back again in the near future.	
Nov 25 2007 	First Time in Beijing	This trip to Beijing was our first experience in China and our stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn was an important aspect of our enjoyment.The Concierge, Storm, made excellent suggestions and assisted us in organizing interesting and worthwhile activities in order to see the best of Beijing. His planning included good suggestions for dining out in the city and in visiting the Great Wall on a day in November with optimal weather conditions.His services included several personal touches such as: finding us some fresh walnuts, helping us to use the urban transit system to get to Tianamien Square the first morning, and ensuring that a taxi was where we needed it for getting around the city.We would recommend the services of this hotel concierge to anyone visiting Beijing. We found the city and its sights easily accessible because of Storm's efforts.	
Nov 20 2007 	Storm was Great	We were able to find a better deal by booking directly with the airline and the hotel.Flying to China from NY is grueling (12+ hrs) and you really don't want to contend with finding a taxi and then not knowing if they know where you are staying (you need directions in Chinese and have to pay them in Yuan), so I had Holiday Inn arrange airport pickup ($45 USD). Even though it was more than twice the going taxi rate, it was well worth it.The hotel itself did not look like a typical U.S. Holiday Inn - it was more upscale, meticulously clean and the dining was pretty good. Definitely book the breakfast as it is very good and good western food is not widely available. There's even an omelet/egg station. For money exchange we brought our atm card - be sure to alert your card provider you'll be using it in China. The hotel has an atm that we used to make withdrawals in Yuan. Exchange rate is approx $1=7.4 Yuan, so we withdrew 2000 yuan and that went in two days! We paid meals, shopping and tourist attractions in yuan because credit card conversion fees were 3%. Shopping at their markets (e.g. pearl, silk markets) and side streets is by negotiation, but you can find incredible deals. Most vendors know a little English but will hand you a calculator with their ask price. Type in what you are willing to pay in yuan (as a rule, we started at one-third the ask price). Walk away if you don't like the price, it will come down to what you are asking because they all sell the same things.We arrived on a Sunday and Storm called the room on Monday morning. He was great. He makes a 4 star hotel earn a 5 star rating. He only works in the mornings and can be found by the concierge area to the right of the entrance. We knew what we wanted to see and he made all the arrangements. He even came with us to Tinnanmen Square and showed us how to use the buses and subways. Both are cheap but incredibly crowded - especially during rush hours. Storm gave us a complimentary cell phone and on several occassions that saved us when the taxi driver did not know exactly where our hotel was. He is also good at recommending eateries and a great resource for getting to places on time (with traffic).You should still make sure you get a card with Hotel directions in Chinese at the Holiday Inn front desk. The city is huge and construction is at breakneck speed so taxi drivers may not know your hotel. Taxis are the best way to get around - I would not rent a car. Cab fare is quite reasonable. Traffic is usually horrendous as other posters have noted. Air quality the first 3 days was terrible - about a block visibility. It cleared up the final 3 days so that was a great way to end our stay. No surpises on the final bill either!	
Nov 19 2007 	Stylish Hotel Super Concierge	Having heard so much about Storm the &quot;super concierge&quot; I was expecting to meet a loud, boisterous, imposing man marching out to pump our hands and overwhelm us with ideas and suggestions. Instead, we were greeted upon arrival in the lobby by a rather unassuming, quiet, polite gentleman who was soft-spoken and gentle but who proved to be everything we were hoping for, and more. I had exchanged emails with Storm prior to our scheduled arrival, and he met us promptly as we got in from the airport, though it was getting to be late in the night. He had even called the airport earlier than morning to double check our arrival time. From then on, we were in his capable hands, and he certainly did not let us down. From dinners with his love wife Jasmine to a program of activities for each of the 4 days we were there (including sorting out transportation), Storm went above and beyond the call of duty - that's for sure. He listened to what we wanted and was proactive about making suggestions and arrangements. On our first day, he even accompanied us personally to Tiananmen Square via public bus, to give us a more &quot;authentic, local&quot; experience and to make sure we got there safely. Throughout, he was patient and kind and accommodating. We have never met a Concierge like him before. On finding out that I was pregnant, he even bought me a big bag of fresh, delicious walnuts (and cracked half of them for me during his personal time at home!!), as they are apparently &quot;good for the baby's hair&quot;. His level of service was absolutely touching. It may sound &quot;suffocating&quot; to some tourists, but for us he was perfect, and I believe he is sensitive enough to read people and decipher what level of attention they require. For our purposes, Storm fit the bill perfectly. In terms of the hotel, it was certainly more chic than what I would have expected of a Holiday Inn. Rooms/bathrooms were stylish, modern, and immaculate. Our king bed was HUGE and very comfy. One negative for me was the noise coming from the streets below at night, esp early in the morning. The room we were first given was Rm 906 and it faced the street so that by 6:30am, the sound of the engines from the cars was loud enough to wake and keep us up! To their credit, the staff was very nice about exchanging rooms for us immediately. While the new room was better (higher up and faced the other direction), I did think it was strange that I could STILL hear the cars early in the morning! Obviously the soundproofing around the windows could be improved upon and if there is one thing I would recommend to the hotel, this is it. Breakfast was pretty average. Stylish restaurant but the food was really rather bland and nothing to get too excited about. Not a problem though, because one would assume the exciting places to eat are OUTSIDE of the hotel in the real world. I would recommend the hotel (ask for an inward facing room if you're a sensitive sleeper like i am) and certainly for first timers to BJ would recommend that you contact Storm ahead of time, as he is by far the most dedicated and helpful Concierge we have ever encountered.	
Nov 3 2007 	Fantastic Stay 	My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel with my 13 year old niece for six nights. We booked it on the strength of the previous reviews and the oft mentioned 'Storm'. Before we arrived we emailed Storm and he organised the hotel limo to pick us up from the airport (350 Yuan). When we first met him he was on a day off! This guy really loves his job! He gave us a mobile phone so that we could contact him at anytime. He called us with some regularity to make sure everything was going well and to see if he could be of any help. He organised two evenings out with him and his wife. The first was to a restaurant which had traditional chinese entertainment e.g. acrobats, opera and martial arts - brilliant evening. The second was to a family style restaurant where we were the only guests - fabulous experience. He helped us to conquer some tourist boundaries and, as such, we travelled on buses, had local haircuts, local foot massages and bought several pairs of prescription glasses. My husband even tried out some acupunture at the local hospital! He showed us great local restaurants. On top of all of this we visited the Forbidden City, Summer Palace, Temple of Heaven and The Great Wall. We also managed a visit to the zoo where Storm advised to catch a boat to the Summer Palace. Storm made this holiday. However, the hotel was excellent. Very smart executives rooms. Great food. Super executive lounge. Very easy to get around as taxis are super cheap and organised by hotel door staff, however we did walk to the Forbidden Palace from the hotel, and it was exhilarating to be on foot in the city. This was a great stay and we will be going back!	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Hotel	Tastefully decorated, staff were great, restaurant well above average, good location.Our group of 18 had no problems at all here, all were very satisfied	
Oct 15 2007 	Value for money hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and found it pretty decent, value for money and great breakfast. Would definitely recommend it to my friends, only hitch was that I found it slightly away from the central Beijing.	
Oct 8 2007	hotel oasis	No Storm for our stay during National Holiday week but a great time and the young concierge boys were very helpful. Hotel is like an oasis at the end of a busy day sightseeing. Do try the local eateries in the streets around the hotel - even a posh restaurant only worked out at less than £4 for food for 2 of us. Taxis don't all know where the hotel is but the concierge gives you a handy card with full directions on it to help! Ideally located as all attractions are only a reasonable and cheap taxi ride away.	
Aug 30 2007	loved beijing 	had a wounderful holiday with a single's group traveling china,Beijing the Holiday inn, Chengde hotel Yunshan very good &amp; central.then Xian &amp; stayed @ Bell tower Hotel another very central hotel	
Aug 24 2007	Beautiful hotel	This is a quite luxurious hotel with beautiful rooms, excellent service, and an unbelievably good breakfast buffet. We stayed in this hotel as part of a school tour group and it was the nicest hotel of the four we stayed in during our trip to China. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 18 2007 	Disappointed!	I booked this hotel after I read the review and awards given by other tripadvisor users.This hotel really disappointed me. But what I can't really understand is how some of you find this hotel &quot;great&quot; or &quot;outstanding&quot;!!I was coming from a three week stay at Crowne Plaza Fudan hotel in Shanghai which was really amazing...When we arrived, reception staff tried to persuade us to have some upgrade and pay more than 50% of the room rate I had booked... This lasted for about 20 minutes.We were 4 friends and they were not able to give us two rooms on the same floor as I requested in my reservation, but the gave us two rooms in two different WINGS instead....Needless to say that personnel struggle with their english.... And they often lose...Concierge and Reception were almost useless apart from the Chief Concierge (i think his name is Mark) who was great and gave us his cell phone in case we had any problems...Rooms were average though I had some problems with dusty carpets and my allergy. The other wing (i think it's the West Wing) had much smaller rooms with ridiculously tiny bathrooms....Location is horrible. Beijing is such a big city and has big traffic problems that you have to get a Central Hotel.this one is far from every attraction you can imagine.....Last but not least I asked them for stamps to send postcards in Europe and they only had domestic stamps. So i left them some money to buy int'l stamps and send my postcards for me....Obviously, these postcards never arrived...	
Aug 16 2007 	Wonderful Stay	I stayed here on a recent visit to China. It had been 9 months since my last visit.This time i noticed a few changes in personnel, but, despite the change the service was great, the staff were always courteous and they could not do enough for me when i had a query.Breakfast which was included in my stay and was more than adequate for the day ahead, there was a massive choice of different cuisines, both Eastern and Western.I have no problem recommending this hotel, it may not be in what is considered a central location, but if you look at a map of Beijing, no hotel is central to everything. Just take a taxi and you will be where you need to be in a short time, taxi's are so affordable. I always hailed a taxi on the street outside the hotel and didn't take any of the waiting taxis at the hotel, i suspect they charge more, otherwise why would they stay there for a long time hoping for a fare from the hotel customers.To conclude, this hotel is very good value for money and you can experience the 'Real' Beijing by taking a very short walk from the hotel.	
Aug 11 2007 	Beautiful stay	We have chosen to stay here in July based on the reviews we saw on this site. I can only say they are totally true. Our daughters (5 and 7 years old) simply loved this place. And the difference amongst the other hotels we've stayed is made by the personnel and their happiness to satisfy even ridiculous simple requests. From the reception, concierge, restaurant, to room service they are all the time warm and friendly. Special thanks to Annemarie (Guest Manager), who through all our stay stayed closed to us, gave us good advices, ... and didn't make any complain about our noisy daughters:).	
Aug 6 2007 	Value-for-money but...	We chose to stay at Holiday Inn Central Plaza in mid-July based on the numerous excellent reviews, esp. on their Concierge Manager, Mr Storm Li. We expressed our intension to have a side-trip to Datong &amp; Tai Yuen (Shanxi), and Storm even called us long-distance! He offered to make all hotel and transportation arrangements for us, helped to follow-up on my son’s summer camp arrangement, and arranged a taxi (¥150) to pick us up from the airport. Although he wasn’t at Beijing during our arrival, he called the taxi-driver to make sure we were okay.Our only complaints with Storm were: right before our departure from home, we got a e-mail from him saying the price of the hotel room in Datong has gone up, and he has not made reservation for our air-tickets. I was quite annoyed because I have done a lot of research on hotels and air-tickets, and could have made all reservations on the internet well in advance. Upon our arrival, we had to spend time doing last-minute bookings for air-tickets and hotels in Datong &amp; Tai Yuen. Thanks to “elong”, I was still able to get the rates I wanted. We only used the car arranged by Storm in Datong (¥400 for the day, including airport pick-up), and the same taxi-driver (Storm always arranged the same driver, but he was really nice) who drove us both ways between the hotel and the airport in Beijing.My advice is: if you don’t like to plan your trip, don’t mind to spend about 25% more, and don’t mind last-minute confirmation, then Storm could be really helpful as your last-minute trip-organisor. He could probably give you good advice, like one evening we made dinner reservation at “Family Li Restaurant”, Storm advised us not to go there as it was expensive, but the food was just average. We went anyway, but deeply regretted it, as the food was really below average, very expensive, and the restaurant did not accept credit card (our bill for 2 adults &amp; 1 kid was ¥1,600). Much better alternatives are Tanjia Restaurant in Beijing Hotel, or Da Zhai Men Restaurant, where you could watch Chinese dinner shows (face-changing, acrobats, etc.) free while you dine (remember to make reservation well in advance for good seating).We’ve probably got a good 14-day advance rate for our room. We did not have the luck to have free room-upgrade despite we were Priority Club member as some had mentioned. Instead the Front Receptionist tried very hard to pursuade us to pay 50% more to upgrade from a deluxe dbl room to a Suite, including offering us free breakfast, internet, and access to the business lounge. Luckily I had my room package print-out handly, and knew they were offers we were already entitled for. Of course they were not happy when we declined the offer. When we check-in the second time after our trip to Shanxi, we had the same experience again.Our room was nice and clean, and well-stocked with amenities.If your room package have access to the business lounge, you have the options to have breakfast at the lounge or their “Salt &amp; Pepper Restaurant”. My advice is the latter as breakfast at the lounge was always not hot enough, and had a limited variety. Coffee at the hotel was very good, but I later found out quite a lot of hotels in China used those Coffee machines now.We had dinner one evening at their Chinese restaurant. Food was only average.It’s unavoidable to mention the Hotel’s inconvenient location. It could be quite a nuisance to have to go to the Metro station by taxi as traffic is often bad and even a short trip to the Metro station could take 15-min. easily, esp. in the morning.We made reservation to stay at the Hotel for 8 nts., but we finally decided to cut it down to 5.	
Aug 3 2007 	Same quality and service as you would get at a Shangri-la hotel	My 13 year old son and I arrived on July 4 and stayed for 2 nights.This was our first trip to Beijing. I normally stay at Shangri-La hotels when travelling in Asia. This Holiday Inn offered the same service and quality of a Shangri-la, which is saying a lot. Infact their service and attention to detail is better then some Shangri-la hotels and many other 5 star hotels! The breakfast buffet was excellent.If you have time then take a richshas ride from hotel to Tienamen Square. It is fun and takes about 30 - 45 minutes of great sightseeing.If you need anything then check with Storm Li the concierge and I am sure you will be taken care of better then in many 5 star hotels.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. And say hello to Storm from Dean and Adam!	
Jul 30 2007 	excellent service at holiday inn	After a long flight delay out of Manchester and a missed connection in Dubai thanks to Emirates, we were grateful to be greeted by the Holiday Inn van driver at Beijing airport at 11 pm. OK it cost a bit more than the amazingly cheap local taxis but well worth the 350 RMB. This Holiday Inn is on the south side of the city, not central but then getting anywhere from A to B in Beijing involves a taxi ride. The hotel upgraded us to executive club which meant complimentary breakfast and drinks on the top floor- even free beer! Internet was free, there was plenty of bottled water and free pop in the fridge. Free laundry service was also appreciated. The room had enough space for the three of us. When I tried to get the fridge a bit cooler the fuse blew- an engineer was round to fix it within half an hour. The hotel has pool and a well-equipped gym, though it's a bit dsconcerting to have people in the lift watch you work out.Celebrity concierge Storm was not much in evidence but not needed- staff were genuinely friendly and helpful. Ann-Marie from Salt &amp; Pepper restaurant had plenty of helpful advice. There is a neat device for handling local taxis where you take a hotel card to the driver the name of sight ticked off. On the back is the hotel name in Chinese and a local map. One slight problem is that the hotel is new and some taxi drivers don't know it.Surrounding area is very local, interesting and also very safe- without the hawkers that pester you in Tianamen Square and other sights. We tried Salt &amp; Pepper in hotel for first night meal but better value is to be found outside. Try the Youth restaurant for great peking duck and some unusual dishes- I drew the line at bullfrog! There's also a new restaurant right opposite the hotel which does great seafood. Beijing is amazingly cheap to eat out .This is one of the best value hotels we've stayed at and comes in sharp contrast to those grabbing and sloppy places you get in US and UK. Well worth a visit anf a great start to our stay in Beijing.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good hotel; great service.	Our family of 3 stayed at the Holiday Inn July 18-20, 2007. We specifically chose the hotel because of the reviews on TravelAdvisor and we were not disappointed. I contacted Storm Li, the concierge, before we arrived to ask him to arrange a trip to the Great Wall at Mutianyu for our family for the day after we arrived. He did so and asked if we'd like to add a trip to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, as well. to top things off, the same driver picked us up at the airport (even when our flight was 5 hours late). Storm was not at the hotel when we checked in, but he called us on our way from the airport to make sure that everything was going as planned. At check in, the hotel manager spoke with us to ensure that we understood everything and that everything was to our satisfaction. The hotel had no non-smoking rooms, but the smoking room we were given was cleaned like none I had ever been in before--I am very allergic to smoke and I detected not a whiff of it the entire time were there. The first night, we were very tired, so we ate the buffet at the hotel. It was very good and quite diverse. Nice for a hotel buffet. The next day, our driver picked us up at the hotel at 8:30 and we went to Tiananmen and the Forbidden City. At about noon, we left for Mutianyu Great Wall, stopping for lunch along the way. We were back at the hotel by 6:00pm. The wait for us at the airport (5 hours) the day before, the hour ride to the hotel and then 10 hours of dedicated sight-seeing time cost us 900RMB with tip, paid to the driver. It might be a little steep, but it was very nice to have our own driver because we had limited time in Beijing. When we arrived at the hotel Storm was there (in civilian clothes) and asked if we'd like to accompany him, his wife and another family to a local Beijing Duck Restaurant at 7:15pm. Of course! So, we joined Storm, his lovely wife, and an Irish family (with a child the age of our son) to have an authentic Beijing Duck dinner. Storm insisted on paying the bill, over protests from both families. We decided to move our flight to Shanghai to an earlier time and Storm spent the morning ensuring that we could get our tickets at the airport and gave us directions to ensure we'd get to the right place upon our arrival there. All in all, a wonderful, but brief, trip to Beijing. This is the first time I've used TravelAdvisor to help me choose a hotel and you can bet I'll do it again!	
Jul 18 2007	A great place to start a great vacation!!!!	The Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing was the first stop on our 3 week whirl wind trip around China. And what a wonderful place it is!!! We did a &quot;tour vacation&quot; that was for returning families with adopted Chinese daughters. My husband did not come with us on this trip but my best friend and her (biological, blue eyed)daughter also my daughter's best friend, did join us. The adjoining rooms made it great for the girls to be together but gave us privacy when we needed it.  Because we were on a tour, getting around was not an issue for us but on a free afternoon I did venture out to the Hard Rock Cafe to buy a friend a requested shirt. The taxi ride took about 45 minutes each way but cost less then $10US each way and the cab driver I flagged down to bring me back had no problem finding the hotel with the card I took from the front desk. The breakfast buffet was excellent with many options to pick from. A good thing when you have picky 8 year olds with you!! We did have the dinner buffet the evening we arrived and although the food was good, they do not have a child's price and they charge by height. We had asked the the head waiter (? not sure what his title is) about the kids before we sat down and he said they would be free. The buffet was about $20 per person and children under a certain height are free. Well, my daughter ate next to nothing and the waiter noticed and tried to entice her into eating something but exhaustion had hit by now. Anyway, we get the bill and the waitress has charged us for 3 people. The 2 girls together didn't eat half an adult's portion. The head waiter took care of that and removed the charge from our bill. I feel so awful that I don't remember this gentleman's name but both he and Ann Marie, the guest relations manager in the dining room were wonderful!!! They were there each morning with smiles on their faces and took time to ask if things were going well, having a good time, anything we need? They were fabulous!!! The girls loved the pool and were able to sqeeze in a few swims between all of our other scheduled activities. The hotel seemed to have a nice spa but I never seemed to have time to squeeze in a massage (Unfortunately, sleep won out for me by the time we returned in the evenings) though a fellow traveler did and said it was fabulous. We used the hotel laundry service before moving onto our next city and they did a nice job. Prices were higher here then at a Holiday Inn we stayed at later in our trip but they weren't outrageous and for the convenience, it's worth it to me! One complaint I have about our stay is that our rooms were never made up until late in the afternoon. This was a pain because our tour usually had something planned for the morning until mid day. Then a short break back at the hotel and then back out again until evening. So often we went back to our rooms not done or just being done so we had to leave and that ruined our rest if one of us was going to try and grab one. I would think that this tour company uses this hotel regularly and follows a regular schedule so the hotel staff could figure when a group of rooms are going to be vacant and knock those off, right away. Oh well, it was a minor inconvenience and I would highly reccommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again some day if the reviews continue to be good. We hope to return to China again when my daughter is 12, so in 4 years. The beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was clean and spacious and had everything you could possibly need except deodorant so pack light!! Oh, and despite numerous attempts to try to meet the famous Storm, he was never to be found. I was assured he was in the building, in a meeting, had just stepped out, but I never laid eyes on the man. Because I was with a tour, I really didn't need his services but I wanted to say hi and meet the man made famous on Tripadvisor!!!	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Stay	I can't say enough good things about this hotel...friendly staff, fabulous decore, spotlessly clean. We are Priority Club members and were upgraded to the executive floor on check-in so we ate all of our breakfasts and dinners in the lounge which worked out well after long days of sight-seeing. The hotel is not centrally located and has only a few Chinese restaurants nearby so the lounge was a bonus and would be worth the added cost. We did have some trouble with taxis not knowing where the hotel was located even though the hotel provided us with a card with both the address and map in Chinese. Great &quot;knock-off&quot; buys at the Silk Market which is only a 35CNY cab ride away.	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Value at the Holiday Inn	We stayed at this hotel for a few days while in Beijing. We had 2 rooms for our family. Our stay was absolutely wonderful. It was an outstanding value and the staff was really helpful. In fact, we had a financial dispute with a taxi driver who took us to the great wall and wanted more money. The hotel manager came outside to help resolve the dispute (although the hotel technically had nothing to do with it) and helped resolve the matter to our complete satisfaction. We had no meals at the hotel but their cafe lattes were outstanding.The free cell phone they gave us during our stay did not work, but maybe we did not how to operate it.The Holiday Inn is not the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons (we have stayed at both) but it far exceeded our expectations for a Holiday Inn. We can highly recommend this hotel as an outstanding value. The only drawback is the hotel location. There is nothing really nearby, so a taxi ride is needed no matter where you go. A tip for people just arriving in Beijing: have the hotel email or fax you the hotel name, address and DIRECTIONS in Chinese, because most taxi drivers hardly speak any English. Having this info in mandarin will definitely help you get there from the airport. We paid around 100 yuan for the taxi from the airport to the hotel (not sure if this is a good price or not). The fitness and pool were nothing fancy but were certainly adequate.	
Jun 26 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn	Our family of two adults and 2 children (11 and 7) were in Beijing from May 30 - Jun 5, and again on June 11 on our way back home. This was our first time to China though we have traveled to many other countries including Europe, Mexico, Canada, India etc. The hotel is very nice, with clean rooms, comfortable beds, and friendly staff. The complimentary cell phone the hotel provides is a great idea and service. Storm Li and his staff really helped in making our trip enjoyable and less stressful. Storm Li helped us with tickets for the Kung Fu show as well as tour of the city and a private car to go to the Great Wall. The concierge desk provided us the phone and told us we could keep it with us for our entire stay in China including the days we were in Xian and Shanghai. Storm Li would call us daily to check on our arrangements and to help with the day’s plans even in these other cities! We really think they go beyond the call of duty in taking care of guests. The buffet breakfast was a good way to start the morning. The selection got a bit boring by the end of our stay but not having to think of what to order and whether the meat or fruit was safe to consume sure made it worthwhile. We stayed in a standard room with two double beds and found it was adequate for our family. Even though the website states a limit of three to one room, we did not have any problems in this hotel or Crown Plaza in Shanghai or even the Sheraton in Xian with 2 adults and 2 kids to a room. The room was clean and the bed with feather pillows (we called house keeping for these) very comfortable. The wireless worked well. There was a charge for the wireless but we only used it for about an hour a day so the charge was reasonable. The travelers check exchange rate at the hotel lobby was the best compared with the other hotels we stayed as (see above) or the airport. There is also an ATM in the hotel where you can get cash.Salt and Pepper was a good though it is pricey and service is slow. We only ate here once. The room serice was good and fast and preferred by the kids over eating at the Chinese resturants close to the hotel. The hotel’s location is probably the one draw back but we always got a taxi when we needed it. We never had any issue with the driver not knowing how to get us to the hotel.Since we had plenty of luggage we took the hotel van back to the Beijing airport. It cost just about the price of two taxis but was more comfortable.	
Jun 24 2007 	All Hype.	My partner and I have been using trip advisor to book hotels on our round the world trip and until Beijing so far so good.We booked into this hotel based on its rating with trip advisor and because of the rave review on their concierge, Storm.Hotel - very good for a Holiday Inn and good breakfastStaff - extremely poor or no english spoken e.g asked what time sunrise was and response was &quot;you want to go to airport?&quot;Concierge(other) no english spoken and no help offered at all. His response to any question or task was &quot;No&quot;.Concierge(Storm) - booked trip to Great Wall and taxi ride there and back was way more than it would have been if booked independently Concierge(Storm) - booked Pedicab trip through Hutong District on his insistence. This turned out to be again very expensive for what turned out to be no more than a ride through some bricks and rubble. Also our Pedicab rider spoke no english and couldn't explain where he was taking us(no english signs outside temples etc.)Concierge(Storm)- we told him we were going to Tibet for 6 days and would be returning to Beijing for 1 night . He insisted he book an airport hotel for us on our return as we had an early flight the next morning. We returned from Tibet not only to find that he hadn't booked a hotel for us, but that all the airport hotels were full, leaving us with no other option than to sleep in the departure lounge. This was all after leaving him with a very healthy tip.We strongly believe that the reason we paid so much for the taxi and Pedicab is that Storm is taking kickbacks i.e. getting commission from the taxi and pedicab drivers.Beijing is not a difficult city to navigate and arranging tours independently isn't that difficult.We paid 650RMB for the taxi ride to and back from the Mutianuyu section of The Great Wall and 350RMB for the pedicab. The taxi should have been 500RMB max and the Pedicab.....forget it, just a waste of time.I think that Storm has become a little too big for his boots.Avoid this hotel if need to communicate in english with the staff.	
Jun 23 2007 	Made our independent China Trip Wonderful	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 9 nights, with a side trip to the Shanxi Province (Yungang Caves, Pingyao, Jin Cin Temple) organized by the concierge desk in between. This is a wonderful hotel in a great location with an amazing concierge desk led by Storm Li. It is no overstatement to say that this hotel, and Storm Li at the concierge desk, helped make our first independent trip to China work. The hotel is very clean and up to Western standards, the location is more typical Beijing than the other western brand hotels, and is half the price. This would easily be a 4 star hotel in the US. We never had a problem with taxis. The only taxi that would not take us here were gypsy cabs that knew they could not overcharge us if they drove up to the hotel's door. I suspect the reports below of taxi &quot;problems&quot; are really from gypsy cabs, not regular metered cabs. What really sets this hotel apart, however, is &quot;Storm&quot; Li at the concierge desk. You get a cell phone to take with you, in case you need advice, or translating services while away from the hotel. His advice on activities and restaurants was exceptional. We also arrived with an unusual request. We wanted to explore the nearby Shanxi province to see the Yungang Grottos and Pingyao. He was able to provide travel services advice to help organize this trip for us, by train and bus, something we never could have done on our own in the short time we had in China, and not speaking Chinese. Storm had never seen the Yungang Grottos himself, and he even took a vacation day on a Friday to treat his wife, &quot;Jasmine&quot;, to a short weekend mini-vacation, accompanying us for the first 2.5 days of our 4.5 day side trip from Beijing. We cannot possibly express how much better our trip to China went with the services of Storm Li at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. Many of our friends had gone to China on package tours and said they loved China but hated the rushed tour. We wanted to see China independently, without a tour, and this hotel made all that possible and easy. Highly recommended.	
Jun 11 2007 	A First Class Experience from beginning to end! Reviews are correct.Happy I went	I had a very relaxing stay at this property. I took a taxi ride from Beijing Airport (PEK) at around 2100. The taxi queue had about 20 people in front of me. It takes about 45 min to arrive to the Hotel (approx.USD$8.00) It seemed kinda far out from the airport, but all driving was done on tollway. I felt welcome from the beginning, my room was nicely decorated in black laquered furnature and trim. The hotel &amp; restaurants seemed very much renovated or fairly new, and everything was fashionable/up to date, almost boutique'ish The rooms were also&quot;up to date&quot; (my room was a standard room with two beds) I had dimming lights on the wall, flat screen TV's, and Pay wireless/wired internet access. The beds/bedding are feel very new. very clean&amp; comfortable. The Showers were spacious, lined with Brown Slate, with a large glass door keeping the water out. It was a very comfortable shower! Amenities were the standard ones. Room Service was nicely presentated, and what i ordered was very much worth it! I was not able visit any landmarks around the hotel this time, so i cannot tell you how close it was to anything of interest. I did notice that a major rainway station was just couple of blocks awayI I was not able to see much around the Beijng area, Except for my 45 min walk around the neighborhood which was very safe &amp; clean and will give you a glimpse of the local lifestyle. For my stay, priority club membership i think was all it took for them to comp me &quot;Business Lounge Access&quot; w/ all the benefits.Super Staff in there. Checkout was again, swift &amp; no wait for taxi ride back to the Airport. This hotel is trying very hard to be a 5star experience, and i think that they have not very far to go! A Great Choice! and it seems that i am not the only one that had a fantastic stay!	
Jun 10 2007 	Olivia and Storm were fantastic	We had a fab time in May. Olivia the restaurant manager for Salt and Pepper and the concierge Storm were sooooooooo helpful, kind and friendly, especially when the language barrier was a bit difficult. Olivia answered all our queries and questions always with a warm smile. Storm saved us lots of money by giving us alternative ways of getting to places with such personalised service. They really made the difference to our whole trip and think we would have been lost without them. Generally all the staff were helpful, although language was a bit difficult with some. Rooms were clean and spacious with good prices. Not far from Forbidden city or Silk street, make sure u haggle lots though, start from 10% of the price they give you.	
May 31 2007 	WONDERFUL STORM	This Hotel is one of the best I have stayed in and the primary reason is the Concierge STORM.From the minute we met he was very quick to work out I was a difficult customer and rose to the challenge immediately. He was wonderful and so thoughtful and extremely proffesional. He made my stay at this Hotel and my trip to the sights fantastic. There is not a thing this man can not sort out and for that very reason, he is what makes this hotel outstanding.It is in a good spot, it is a modern,clean and comfortable with a twist of sophistication at very fair rates. My only gripe is the quality of the food in the restaurant but I may have caught it on a bad night.If you want a good hotel with an excellent concierge who will make your stay perfect then stay here.	
May 26 2007 	Brilliant brilliantbrilliant...	Are currently on a round the world trip, hence its taken so long to get around to writing a review! We stayed at this hotel for two weeks in February 2007 and since then have been to Thailand, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand. This was the best hotel we stayed in by far. It is excellent value for money, the rooms are spacious and the concierge, Storm arranged an itinerary for my birthday which made it a day I will never forget. I dont agree with the comments re location. If you go to see some of the real Beijing as well as the usual tourist sites take a walk around the surrounding streets and watch chinese life go by. Fascinating. The taxis are so cheap, nowhere is far away. A good tip is to never get in a taxi that is stationary, always flag one down and always check the meter is on. I cant rave about this hotel and Beijing in general enough.	
May 14 2007 	home away from home	The moment I arrived at the hotel I was met by the duty manager at the door and accompanied to my room on the business floor for check in. From this moment on, the personalized service and attention continued until check out several days later. ALL of the staff seem to make the well-being of their guests a priority.I really liked the location of the hotel, an easy going neighbourhood, where people still dance outside in the evening, where you can find local chinese restaurants and supermarkets , not tourist traps.All this within easy reach of the major tourist sites either by taxi or subway (very easy to use and no traffic jams, stations are announced in english too ) .Take a taxi to the nearest subway station changchun jie.Never had any problems with taxis whatsoever, the meter was always turned on and i was always given a receipt, there are even prerecorded announcements in english in the taxi.Great breakfast , very good coffee , impeccable service.My special thanks go to Michael , the reception supervisor , vivian and all the other staff who made my stay very relaxing and unforgettable. thanks again!	
May 11 2007 	Very Good Overall	Just returned from Beijing. The Holiday Inn is &quot;not central,&quot; but as a fellow guest pointed out the only &quot;central&quot; place in the city is the Forbidden City and you can't stay there. Beijing is about as spread out as Los Angeles so you will spend a lot of time in cars no matter where you are staying.I &quot;ditto&quot; the very positive comments on Storm Li that other reviewers have left.One thing to be aware of- the website says they have &quot;free internet&quot; which is only half true. They have free wireless in the common areas which means you can check e-mail while eating in one of the restaurants, etc. But access in your room is RMB 90 per day and the speed of the &quot;free internet&quot; is rather unimpressive- maybe 2-3x a dial up connection.	
May 10 2007 	A Very Unexpected and Pleasant Experience	By some error or slip-up, My wife and I ended up staying at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza during the latter part of our trip to Beijing. I'd have to say, that was one slip-up that we wouldn't mind happening again. Our overall experience at the Central Plaza was, to put it mildly, wonderfully terrific. No wonder Central Plaza has been consistently ranked no. 1 here and has been receiving such great reviews. The Central Plaza's facilities, rooms, food and SERVICE are just what you would want to experience when you are on a vacation and just want to relax and enjoy. We stayed at the executive club floor and the room we got was spacious and the furnishings, beautiful and tastefully done. The buffet breakfast was also something we looked forward to every morning. The spread and selection of the food was something that we would probably never get tired of eating, even if we were to eat there everyday for a week. Of course, the real reason for the Central Plaza's top ranking is the quality of SERVICE they provide. From the Central Plaza's managers to the bell hops to the chambermaids, they really know how to pamper their guests. I should perhaps add here that when the manager learned that my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary, he sent a bottle of wine to our room, compliments of the hotel.This review would never be complete without mentioning Storm, the concierge. He is one concierge that every hotel should have. If ever you find yourself going on a trip to Beijing without any plan or itinerary, or if there's anything at all you need, just ask Storm, and he'll take care of everything for you. That's how good he is. REALLY!The only not so nice thing I can say about this hotel is that it's location is not that central. It is not near any of the famous tourist areas. However, this was not really a problem for us since most of the Beijing tours and guides pick you up right at your hotel lobby. Besides, taxis are relatively cheap, so going around doesn't really cost that much.We really had a very pleasant and satisfying stay at the Central Plaza and we look forward to staying there again. We highly recommend it.	
May 8 2007 	We made the right decision!	After a thorough checking of the different hotels and websites before we left for Beijing, we definitely made the right decision by picking this hotel. The room is nice and spacious. The breakfast buffet was the best, the service was excellent. And to top it all, you have the best concierge manager, Mr. Storm Li. He was instrumental with our hotel reservations, always making sure that we stay in touch with him just in case we get lost by way of the in-house cellphone lent to us during our entire stay. The hotel must be extremely proud and fortunate to have a concierge manager like him. Thank you Mr. Storm. Can't wait to make another trip.Nonoy, Manila	
Apr 22 2007 	The rumors are True!	This IS one of the hidden gems in Beijing and Storm IS the best concierge I've ever met!! Being an avid traveler and reviewer of TripAdvisor, I trusted in others reviews of this hotel. Traveling a far distance to a foreign land can sometimes be scary. Thankfully to TripAdvisor, I was able to pick one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. This hotel is a FIVE star hotel. Yes, it isn't central. We get that. But like other's say, what is in China, nevermind Beijing. Taxi's are cheap and everything is within a few miles. As far as service and hospitality, this hotel and its staff are UNbelieveable! As the location gives you a local feel, the staff makes you feel like family. I traveled here with my mother and fiancee. My fiancee left to Shanghai for work and my mother and I stayed in Beijing for leisure. We stayed two nights here and enjoyed everything from the hotel from airport transfers, massages, the coffee shop, the two restaurants and bar. We booked a tour of the Great Wall and Ming Tombs from the hotel and it ended up being an awesome group of people and a fun day for $50 USD pp. We also ate locally at a nearby Hotpot restaurant and while they may not have understood us, we had a great meal for $9 USD that left us stuffed. We were so happy with this hotel, on our return trip back to Beijing for one more night before we departed, we canceled our Hotel Kunlun reservation just to come back to the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. I can't say enough about this hotel and I was truly sad to have to leave. Saving the best for last, Storm Li is the other hidden gem. If you want to make your trip memorable, have a quick chat with him. If it hadn't been for my train ticket issue I had with an outside ticket agency, I might have never met him and we wouldn't have been able to see the high quality standards he and the hotel adhere to. I can't wait to return to Beijing because of my experience here and will choose ONLY to stay at the Hoilday Inn Central Plaza.	
Apr 11 2007 	child friendly great staff	A great welcome from staff at reception, and all luggage was delivered quickly to the rooms. Inter-connecting rooms were great for families with young children. Food choice was diverse and excellent for a tourist grade hotel. The children ate free with us, and they loved the choices available. Storm Lee was on hand to discuss holiday itinerary while we ate, and planned everything for us, even allowing for the young ages of our children, and even got out of his way to look for some items we could not find in Hong Kong and GuangZhou - A most accomplished concierge who deservedly received a big tip! The hotel is a little off the beaten track, but taxis are cheap and a complimentary hotel mobile phone ensured we never got too lost. However, we got to walk around a mainly residential area and saw the locals, and got to speak to some of them, not just fellow holiday makers. Hotel key holder has some tremendous info, with phrases and tourist attraction names, most helpful for first time Beijing visitors!Many taxi drivers are from outside Beijing so the hotel address may not be familiar. Only stop a rolling taxi on the streets or at designated taxi ranks. A small tip (5-10 Yuan, equivalent to 0.5 -1 Euro) for services was always most welcomed, but never asked for (except in the hotel restaurant where it was standard), unlike most US establishments.Hotel pool was good sized for a city hotel, and the gym looked excellent.We will definitely be back, not the best voted hotel in Beijing for nothing.	
Mar 29 2007	Very impressed with this great hotel	Believe the hype—this is a fantastic hotel. The one knock against it, as others have mentioned, is its non-central location. It’s about a 45-minute (and 130 RMB cab ride) to and from the airport. To get around town, cabs are cheap in Beijing and the hotel provides a very nice, basic Chinese guide to help you help the drivers.We had two stays here, and we were upgraded during one of these to a one-bedroom suite. Though much more spacious, the suite was in a different wing of the hotel, an older wing, I presume, which was beginning to show its age: the tiles in the kitchen cracked, for instance, the sink slightly dirty. There wasn’t much more sleeping room here, either, though plenty of room to spread out. The regular rooms were quite nice, very large and comfortable. Lots of amenities (like two bottles of water per day), smartly decorated, well-lit, looked brand new, even though the hallways and elevators did not. Extremely comfortable beds (down pillows and comforters) and ample storage space—two closets, many drawers. The bathrooms were spacious, clean, even more storage. The pool, sauna, and workout room were all great. This is not a Holiday Inn as you probably think of the chain—it is much nicer and more upscale. The breakfast spread at the Salt and Pepper restaurant, included in the price of our room (otherwise 88 RMB, I believe), is in a league of its own. Even though the price is high for Beijing, it’s worth it. The staff was fantastic, although sorry, I do not have a Storm the magical concierge story to tell. My one complaint is that the price of Internet is quite high: 90 RMB per day, more than twice what I paid anywhere else in China. The connection and speed were good, although I did have enough problems with the wireless to abandon it and sit at the desk. Be advised that many tour groups use the hotel, so it is often full. I would certainly stay here again while highly recommending it to everyone looking for a nice place to call home in Beijing.	
Mar 13 2007	Wonderful Deal	Jason is the man! This hotel is so clean and so classy, especially for the price. True, it is not near any major landmarks and if you do not speak Chinese, many cab drivers will not be able to find it simply by pointing at the card (as some of my non-Chinese speaking friends found out). But just call the hotel and one of the wonderful concierge will talk the driver through it. They are quick to help with any needs. The rooms are very slick and cool with beautiful woods and leather. And the bathrooms are clean by American standards. Any traveler to China can tell you even luxury hotels have a hard time keeping mildew down, it's just in the water! But this hotel is very nice, great lobby, and the Salt and Pepper restaurant is so good. If you've been in the &quot;real&quot; China for a while and are dying for some good Western food, this restaurant delivers. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 10 2007	Best $100 Hotel Ever!!!	The positive reviews on TripAdvisor were spot on for this great hotel. The hotel was very attractive, including lobby, bar, restaurants and room. Everything is modern and minimalist, yet warm and attractive. The room was spacious enough with all needed amenities and a nice and large bathroom. See-Through bar was a good spot and Zen Restaurant was really nice place with great food. The gym in the hotel was also very good. To top off the wonderful ambience and amenities was the service. &quot;Frank&quot; and &quot;Tony&quot; at the concierge were great. Frank hooked us up with a tour guide friend of his named &quot;Bill&quot; for a tour of the great wall. Expected a large bus filled with other tourists but ended up being a private tour for 2 and Bill was great. All of the staff is friendly, courteous and goes out of their way to help. The hotel is a bit outside center of town, but since not everything you want see is right in the center of town, and since everything in Beijing is a cheap cab ride away anyways, this did not detract from our stay at all. There are also many great restaurants in the South side of Beijing near the hotel, and plenty within walking distance. By far the best Holiday Inn and $100 hotel I've ever stayed in.	
Mar 10 2007 	Wonderful hotel great service	This is a first-class hotel. On our arrival in Beijing we had a harrowing taxi ride from the airport at 4.30am when the taxi driver got lost and I insisted he call the hotel for directions on his cellphone. However, my husband &amp; I felt immediately calmed when we entered the beautiful lobby of this hotel. After catching up on sleep we introduced ourselves to Storm (he is a legend on this website!) and our trip was so much better because of his help. We were in Beijing during Spring Festival 2007 (Chinese New Year week) and Storm directed us to a local Temple fair about 10 mins walk from the hotel. That was excellent. The next day he walked us to the bus stop to catch bus#5 to Tiananmen Sq &amp; Forbidden City. The following day he got us a taxi to take us to Deshengmen bus station to catch the fast bus #919 to the Great Wall at Badaling. Our final day was spent in Museums and we wanted to navigate the super-clean subway so Storm made sure the taxi driver knew which station we wanted to get to and he instructed us which station to exit for our museum. Every evening he checked in with us to make sure we had enjoyed our day and had no problems.Re: food - we enjoyed an A La Carte breakfast in the Salt &amp; Pepper restaurant every morning. The buffet breakfast was too much food for us. We found a great bakery across the road from the hotel that made delicious cookies &amp; bread daily. A selection of freshly baked cookies to enjoy with a cup of coffee in our room cost approx 3 RMB. We also discovered a little 'fast food' cafe across from the hotel that served excellent dumplings for 8 RMB and delicious rice &amp; noodle dishes for approx 16 RMB. On recommendation from the hotel, we enjoyed the best Peking Roast Duck dinner at the Qianmen Quanjude Roast Duck Restaurant - taxi from hotel was approx 25 RMB. A couple of evenings we walked along the river close to the hotel, passing locals walking their dogs, elderly Chinese dancing to music on their portable stereos, and other walkers. We would stop at the fruit stalls by the KFC and negotiate with the vendors for our fresh Chinese pears &amp; crisp apples. Beware - they're tough negotiators!Note - the hotel website states that the taxi ride from the airport to the hotel is approx 90 RMB. It is closer to 135 RMB plus the 10 RMB toll that the driver wants you to pay.We stayed at the hotel from Feb 21-26, 2007. Storm is a charming &amp; excellent guest relations manager and Amanda, one of the doormen in the red coats was also very friendly &amp; welcoming. Because of its relative newness and location I recommend you carry a business card from the hotel with the name &amp; address and map in Chinese. It works well with all taxi drivers. The hotel was one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in and it is hard to believe it is so reasonably priced. I thoroughly recommend it.	
Mar 8 2007 	great place friendly people	stayed here the 21st of feb. to the 1st of march.i cannot say morefor Storm the hotels conceirge(SPELLED WRONG) he set up trips4 us&amp; clued us in on taxis and even gave us a cell phone to call him if we ran into any trouble.we got into a illegial taxi whereisaw the meter was going 5 yuon at a time instead of 1. i calledand he was waiting at the front door and the taxi driver took 60yuon instead of 180 that was on the meter.he made our stay inbeijing a memorable one. THANKS STORM.	
Mar 7 2007	One Exception to a Great Stay but matter is resolve	My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for four days. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and staff members were very accomodating. We stayed on the Executive floor and were very pleased with the beverage and food service. The hotel restaurant has a delightful and extensive breakfast buffet. We encountered one problem: one hotel employee had directed us to hire a private car for two excusions (i.e., Great Wall one day, and the Summer Palace the next). Unfortunately, we later learned that the employee had hired a friend of hers to drive us around, and we paid about fourfold what we should have. When we contacted the hotel manager, he was extremely apologetic and refunded our out-of-pocket expenses. He certainly didn't need to do that, but it exemplifies the length this hotel and its staff will go to make your stay a pleasant one. I was very impressed with the manager's response. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, including families.	
Mar 3 2007 	Fantastic top to bottom	There were three of us who stayed here. First time in Beijing, first time in China. We didn't speak a word of Mandarin, and I gotta tell you we couldn't have a better time or better service than we did. The staff was fantastic and friendly, primarily a younger group they clicked with is immediately. We're in our 20's and grasped at the chance to experience China. While we were there Jens was the manager, and he and the rest of the staff at the Holiday Inn were friendly helpful and full of information. The entire hotel always had a smile, and were always helpful. The buffet was fantastic, and as travelers who were very weary as to what to eat, it was a great start to the day. The hotel from the lobby to the rooms came across like a 5 star hotel, the location isn't the greatest, but who cares? It's like a 15RMB taxi ride to anywhere. Three guys, that's a 5 a piece, less than a dollar. This place is well, well worth it.	
Feb 13 2007 	The best one I ever stayed	I was on a business/leisure trip at HI Central Plaza... please don't be fooled by the bad comments about these hotel, hard to believe. I can say it's the best hotel I've ever stayed in a 3* property, but honestly this one because of the quality of services and rooms, it can boast a 5* ranking... I was attracted by the good grades I saw and I am happy I have chosen this hotel.All the staff is always helpful, I didn't find anyone who tells me a &quot;no&quot; for a request, at the beginning I felt strange nobody seemed to be tired, upset, etc., that I thought they were hipnotized, truly, but after you have talked with this magnificent staff you realize they do their best because they love what they do. Food is very good, nothing to do with chinese food, it's very international. Regarding location, that is not a problem as you can take the safe taxi that are parked just in front of the building and the bell-boy personally takes note the plates of the taxi that takes you and where you are going so they can help you just in case, this is superb!! I always felt safe here, and the only time I didn't take these taxis I was tricked. Use only those black and green and black and dark blue, no others! The rate is quite good and I recommend you to chose a little higher one so that includes breakfast which is delicious. In my next trip to Beijing, although I knew some other hotels, I definitively will stay here again... by the way, I am a travel agent.	
Jan 15 2007	NOT central	Why all the hype over this place? I would not stay here again simply because it is in the middle of nowhere. I speak Chinese and none of my cabdrivers knew what I was talking about when I directed them to the hotel. The first driver admitted that he was a new cabbie. I called the hotel on my mobile and had them give him directions, and he still took a wrong turn. The next time I took a cab back, I was armed with a handy map from the concierge, but even that did not help my driver who got lost on the way home. In both cases the drivers turned off the meter and apologized profusely. Cab drivers leaving the hotel were not as polite and took advantage of the hotel’s southwest location to head even further south or west to one of the ring roads in order to take us to the action on the other side of town. The cab to the airport, for example cost twice as much as it would have from my friend’s apartment near the Kerry Center on the east side of town. I hate being fleeced by Beijing cabbies and staying at this hotel makes it inevitable. Also no Starbucks or Yonghe doujiang (local soymilk/breakfast chain) in the area means that you’re forced to have breakfast at the hotel buffet which is overpriced (88 RMB) and excessive as those things usually are. It wasn’t included in our rate and we tried to negotiate with the front desk (in English and Chinese) to no avail. The coffee was good and the Chinese breakfast included not-to-be-missed local Beijing specialties like jianbing – a crispy savory pancake with egg. The young English-speaking man at the western breakfast station was very rude about egg orders to the point of amusement.We were pleased with our room – spacious and very well appointed but underwhelmed by the service (Storm the super concierge must have been on vacation in January). If this place were located in an area like Wanfujing or Chaoyang I would stay again but at the current location and price I recommend giving Holiday not so Central a miss.	
Jan 7 2007 	Wonderful Staff and hotel	We immensely enjoyed our stay at Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing. Staff was courteous, responsive and flexible, and Storm was incredibly helpful. As we (wife &amp; I and our two small boys) spoke little English, Storm copied maps for us to give to taxi drivers or local bus attendants. When I told Storm that my family would like to see acrobatics, Storm arranged discounted tickets for us and personally escorted us to the theater via local bus and subway, and showed us how, so we later took the bus and subway on our own, much faster than taxi from downturn during the long rush hour. Storm had excellent suggestions, such as the Lao She tea house performances and the Hebei park. In each case, Storm copied the detailed map for us while we ate a hearty and delicious breakfast.Rooms were clean, quiet, and comfortable. Also conveniently exchanged both US$ travelers checks and cash at the hotel at a good rate. We stayed at this hotel because of the great reviews and would definitely stay there again.Other notes: the taxi ride from the Beijing airport to the Holiday Inn CP hotel was 130 yuan. Ignore the young airport police officer who tries to get you into his friend's taxi for more than 400 yuan. Also, if you fly China Southeast Airlines, ignore their demand to pay luggage insurance.	
Dec 21 2006	Holiday Inn Central Plaza	All I can say is that if it wasn't for Storm we would not have had the best trip of our lives!!! Storm arranged everything for us, always checked in with us to make sure everything was ok, without being intrusive. He told us in detail the things to expect, explained the culture, took us to a Chinese wedding at a famous teahouse. He arranged a rickshaw ride that was incredible. He arranged for us to have a massage that was a real experience. He took time out of his Sunday to make sure we saw the forbidden city, he even stood in line with us for tickets. He took us to the bank and made sure we had dinner plans. He is AMAZING!! He goes above and beyond!!In terms of the hotel, it is very nice. We booked the executive rate, the girls in the executive area had a little bit of an attitude, but that just might be the culture, we were 2 women visiting. The hotel breakfast and happy hour was the best. We didn't pay for one meal. The room was fantastic, three different types of pillows, awesome bed, great showere and tolietries, fresh fruit daily as well as 6 free sodas daily. The executive area had drinks all day and snacks and you could even brew yourself an expresso. The internet was free as well and in a very relaxing atmosphere. The bar in the lobby had great ambiance too. I can't wait to go back. The shopping is the best at the pearl market. Pashminas for 2.50 usd at jenny's shop. You must go see Cha Cha for purses, gloves, belts, etc on the 2nd floor atParis No. 87 right off the escalator, she is great!!	
Dec 13 2006 	An excellent hotel	This is the best hotel I have stayed at in mainland China. The staff, the service, restaurants, food, room, bed, bed linen and bathroom were all excellent. It demonstrated that staff training pays off. My only gripe was the outrageous 3 RMB/minute (180RMB/hour) for business centre internet access. If you have WiFi, there is free access at public area hotspots (but I saw no notice mentioning the service). Wired laptop access was 90RMB per day. Why hotels discourage customers with these charges I don’t know. I really enjoyed staying at this hotel and would really want to stay there again if I was in Beijing.	
Dec 12 2006	Nicest Holiday Inn I've ever seen	This is definitely the nicest Holiday Inn I've ever seen. The breakfast buffet (included in my booking) was an excellent variety of both eastern and western foods on a buffet. The staff were friendly, and spoke English well enough to handle all of the interactions that I had with them. The hostess at breakfast remembered my name after the first day! The rooms were large, well-furnished, and clean. There is some cool magic behind the bathroom mirror that left an oval of unfogged glass after a shower.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great Room Great Pool Great Staff	I have stayed already at several Hotels through Asiabut this one has been the most helpful one of Alleven if it is not a 5 Star!!!First of all the room was very clean and spaciousthe pool was great for a swim every dayand a cool small bar/lounge at the lobby for a beer or twonot cheap but good enviroment.The Concierge and Staff of the Hotel where very friendly andhelped and arranged all things that you needed.I also managed to get the toilet stuck and within a few mins it got fixed, greatt ins't it!!!The Location may be not centered but easy to reach...and taxis if they not cheat are cheap...Stay if you can and want a relaxed few days in beijing	
Nov 29 2006 	Average Hotel	Just returned from a three-night stay in one of the property's Club Floor rooms. We liked the newer lobby area and enjoyed some of the tastiest waffles I've had in a long time. Arrived late at night and the reception staff was welcoming and efficient at check-in. Enjoyed complimentary in-room broadband (not Wi-Fi), four-per-day garment pressings, and evening canapes and open bar in the Club lounge. Certainly worth the slight price rise for the Club Floor rooms. Unfortunately, although the rest of the property tries hard, it's looking a little worn around the edges: from the slightly old-ish elevator cabs to some of the dog-eared in-room fixtures. A couple of pieces of furniture were slightly stained and the odd bathroom setup featuring a window separating the bathroom and bedroom areas (with mini-blinds) conveyed a somewhat dated feel. Same applies to parts of the fitness center, locker room, and pool area.Also, the chauffeured car service we arranged through the Club Lounge concierge was only adequate: we reserved the car for a flat rate the night before only to be informed in the morning that our agreed price didn't include tolls and fees which could amount to another 200RMB. Not a fantastic amount, but it was a bit of an unpleasant surprise. Also, the driver didn't speak any English, which we weren't entirely expecting either.An okay choice for the money, but not the best.	
Nov 28 2006 	Central Plaza not really.	Don't be mislead by the addrerss, it is not central to anywhere and 20 mins at least to get anywhere in town.Hotel itself very nice, modern, good food very nice staff.Heating and lighting could be better.Took tours by Grayline, excellent.	
Nov 28 2006 	Stay here! Fantastic Staff!	Absolutely FabulousWe have just returned home to Australia after staying at this hotel for 9 days. Before we left my friend, a frequent traveller to Beijing, suggested staying at a hotel much closer to the subway and more central (3 star) to avoid taxi fares but upon reading trip advisor about a man named Storm from the Holiday Inn Central Plaza, I was drawn to staying at this hotel, rather than my friend's suggestion. I am so glad I did! From the minute I introduced myself to Storm Glis Li, (Golden key Service as it says on his business card)everything was a breeze. My husband and I had never been to Beijing and I was actually meeting up with my husband here, after he had been away from home on a business trip for some months. Of the many countries he had just travelled through (U.S.A., U.K., Japan), throughout the world, he commented that this was the best personal service he had encountered. Storm went out of his way to help you plan your stay, whatever your preference. I didn't know the language but this was no barrier with the maps and cards that were written in english and translated into chinese provided by Storm. Mary, the concierge lady dressed in red, was also great and would tell the taxi drivers in chinese where we wanted to go. When we were out and wanted to return to the hotel, all we had to do was point to where we wanted to go on our maps and show the taxi driver. Before we got into a taxi we would always show them the map to make sure they knew the hotel, as being a newer hotel, some drivers were unsure of it's location, even after showing them the map. But in all we only had one driver say he had no idea of where the hotel was and not want the fare, most would ask other taxi drivers if they were unsure. I would suggest never taking a taxi from any of the drivers that approach you, saying taxi, meter, especially outside popular spots such as the markets(Silk/Pearl etc). All you need to do is walk a little down the road and hail one yourself, there are an abundance of them! Once in the taxi make sure they turn on the meter, which is usually done by switching a lever under their rear view mirror. Once the taxi meter shows the starting fare, 10.00 yuan, your right. The maps Storm gave us also tell you the rough cost of a taxi fare from the hotel to popular spots, so you know roughly how much it should cost. Storm also took us to his very special Peking Duck restaurant in a very old style neighbourhood where many dignatories have visited, he arranged a personal driver to take us to the Great Wall, where it wasn't too busy, he took us to a fantastic dumplings restaurant and invited us to have traditional noodles with him. He took us running with him through the Temple of Heaven Grounds(very early)and we watched the elderly there doing their exercises and writings. He showed us how to take the subway and buses too and helped us arrange to get a massage. We were also after a particular item to buy in china and he went out of his way to reseach the availablilty and shipping cost. In all, Storm and all the staff were wonderful at this hotel and a special mention must be made of Roger Wang, the Front Office manager. He was away on training for some of our stay, but was very helpful. I plan to return to China and although Holiday Inn is a little further away than some of the other hotels, the service and amenities there far outweigh the others and I will return there. Taxi's are cheap anyway, for the two of us, most of the time it was about $5 (australian dollars) to go the markets etc. The hotel room was wonderful, clean, lots of free bottled water each day, the pool was nice, the breakfasts were the best and kept us going all day and the bar/coffee lounges areas great too.This hotel was fabulous and Storm, What more can I say- he made our stay, he was awesome!!	
Nov 25 2006 	Best concierge we have met in Europe Asia or USA!	This is a lovely hotel only three years old. Rooms are nice, service is excellent. However Storm, the concierge, is the reason to stay here. He helped us decide which Beijing sights are worthwhile and how to get there and back. He helped us decide where to eat, what to eat (dumplings!), and how to get there and back. He hired a wonderful driver to take us to the Great Wall. He hired a rickshaw driver to pick us up at our hotel and take us on a 3.5 tour of the back alleys and historical center of old Beijing (this was my favorite experience in Beijing and is not available at most other hotels). He taught us how to navigate the subways, buses, taxis and negotiations necessary when shopping. Our package included breakfast on the executive floor or in the Salt and Pepper restaurant. I would recommend breakfast in the Salt and Pepper restaurant because Storm circulates there every morning to help tourists plan their day.We have found touring in Asia to be much more challenging than doing so in Europe but Storm was wonderful in helping us explore Beijing. We chose this hotel because of other Trip Advisor reviews and made a point to meet Storm our first day there. We are very grateful to Storm and only hope the General Manager appreciates him!	
Nov 19 2006 	You won't be disappointed	We have just returned from a holiday in China and choose this hotel for our time in Beijing based on the reviews it received on this website.We booked an Executive room through the hotels own website from 5/11/06 to 10/11/06 and again for 17/11/2006 and we weren't disappointed. On our second visit we were upgraded to an Executive suite which was delightful and unexpected.From the moment we arrived by taxi we were treated fantastically. All the staff from were very welcoming and took the utmost care to ensure we had an enjoyable stay. At check-in and check-out there was certainly no feeling of being processed. We never got to meet the concierge Storm whom other reviewers recommended but Jason and Tony couldn't have been more helpfull when arranging our trip to the Great Wall. We only eat the buffet breakfast at the hotel so can't comment on the food at lunch and dinner time but if the breakfast is anything to go by food at other times would be off a very high standard.As previous reviwers have pointed out the hotel is a little on the outskirts of the vast metropolis that is Beijing but armed with Chinese directions and a map which the hotel sent us before we left home we had no difficulty getting to the hotel.The only problem we had was once when a taxi driver decided that he would take advantage us being foreign tourists and take us on a scenic detour around the outer ring system from Tainanmen Square back to our hotel and tried to charge us 70 Yuan. However he hadn't reconned on 3 things: 1. Us having previously been made aware of the normal price via this website2. Our daughter who speaks Chinese as she is living &amp; studying in Beijing University3. Mary the hotel staff member who greets guests who arrive at the hotel. You should have seen her talking to the taxi driver.All in all I couldn't rate this hotel highly enough. I've seen it advertised as both a 3* and 4* hotel and would say that 4* is more accurate. So if you are thinking of staying in Beijing please consider this hotel as gives very good value for money even taking into consideration the nominal price of the taxi's.	
Nov 9 2006 	Outstanding hotel and staff	We picked this hotel due to the excellent feedback on TA and it turned out to be better than suggested.We chose to upgrade our rooms to the delux rooms which are only approx £10 more per night but well worth it.Doing this gives you access to the executive lounge on the 16th floor which is a quiet relaxing area away from the hustle and bustle of the main area's within the hotel. You can obtain free coffee and tea, light snacks, breakfast and internet.The staff are excellent and friendly in the the lounge and there is always a smile from Cherry the manageress.The hotel is spotless and rooms are serviced twice a day, the second is a turn down service where they leave the next days weather and restock the bathroom.Jen's Gossen the customer relations manager is excellent at his job and would always speak when passing and made our trip special whilst we were there.The hotel has 2 restaurants, the Salt &amp; pepper which serves an A le carte munu and also a buffet which caters for all tastes and nationalities. You would find it difficult not to find something to eat here. The other restaurant is the ZEN restaurant located at the back of the hotel.It is open 6pm-10pm and only caters for chinese food but it is an excellent restaurant with first class service.The bar in the hotel, the See Thru bar is relaxing with a resident singer Mon-Fri and pianist. again I cannot fault any of the staff in this hotel or the service.We stayed 20th Oct-26th Oct then 30th Oct- 5 Nov. 14 days total and we had a superb stay.Be aware though, the taxi's outside the hotel will charge you big bucks and some will say there meter is not working. Mary is the girl on the door of the hotel. Get her to make sure the meter is on and tell her where you want to go and she will tell the driver. 10 Yuan should be the starting price on the meter. It should be about 20 yuan to Tiananmen square and no more than 40-50 yuan to some of the bigger sites.I cannot say rate this hotel enough and when I return to Beijing this will be the first place I go.For those who want a bit of excitment, try the Joy bar in the basement. Only the middle lift in the hotel will take you there. Enjoy.	
Oct 29 2006 	run don't walk to the Holiday Inn Central Plaza	We selected the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in spite of the off the beaten path location because of the number one rating at tripadvisor.com. It turned out to be a a very wise decision as this is an outstanding hotel. The location was never a problem. Taxis were available around the clock at the front door of the hotel. A taxi to Tiananmen square was only 20 Yuan, about $2.50 USD, and took very little time. Taxis from the hotel to more distant locations such as Behai Park, the Lama Temple, and the Summer Palace typically cost between 25 and 55 Yuan. A taxi from the airport cost us 111 Yuan and to the airport was 160 Yuan.Another review at tripadvisor.com gave us the idea to come prepared with a photo of the hotel from this website and also a map and Mandarin language directions from the airport to the hotel that we copied off of the hotel's own website. This assured smooth sailing in the taxi from the airport to the hotel. The business card of the hotel that has instructions for taxi drivers has an even better map that worked well for our many taxi rides after arrival.We reserved the hotel through the Holiday Inn website in the United States. We had a printout of the reservation for two standard rooms with a confirmation number and credit card guarantee. For some unexplained reason, the hotel's record only showed a reservation for one room and there were no additional standard rooms available. Fortunately, the well trained and eager to please front desk staff offered us a two bedroom two bath suite. The suite was comfortable, quiet, and spacious.The hotel is very well organized and the operation is run efficiently with meticulous attention to guest services. For example, when the housekeeper did not understand something that we requested she went right over to the phone, dialed a number, and handed the phone to us. A fluent English speaker then listened to our request and informed the housekeeper. The hotel's Salt &amp; Pepper Restaurant offers excellent and moderately priced buffet breakfasts and dinners that we thoroughly enjoyed.The swimming pool temperature was appropriately warm and the pool was clean.The public areas of the hotel are bright, airy, and modern. Every single person on the staff that we encountered was competent and friendly.When I return to Beijing in the future I will be sure to stay at this remarkable hotel. If you decide to stay here I am confident that you will find it to be a comfortable oasis in a bustling city.	
Oct 28 2006 	You'll like this hotel	My son and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for three nights the first week in October on recommendations from others on this board who had stayed there. Great hotel---great food---great service---and don't believe people who say the hotel is far out of the way from everything in Beijing---it's not. From the Forbidden City to the Summer Palace to the Temple of Heaven a taxi ride was never more than 20 minutes and a couple of dollars. We never had a problem with a taxi refusing to take us back to the hotel from anywhere in Beijing. The hotel gave us a card with directions in Chinese and we never had a problem. We stayed in an Executive Suite and enjoyed the amenities of the Executive lounge, free breakfast, free internet in the room and you could take 6 sodas or waters from the rooms mini-bar each day without charge. The beds were SOFT and bathrooms were nice. If you've ever stayed in other hotels in China you will appreciate the soft beds. If you wish do eat breakfast at the hotel and it is not included in our room price it will cost you about $11 American. The breakfast is great for everything you could imagine eating in the states---very nice---Chinese food also if you prefer. I used the electrical converter in my room for my battery charger for my AA batteries and I plugged it into the wrong outlet and blew the charger and asked the hotel to let me know which plug to use and when they found out I had blown out the charger they went out and bought me a new one without my asking----I felt bad about that---entirely my fault. When I checked out there were some charges for phone calls on my bill and charges for the mini bar that were not mine and when I said they were wrong they immediately took them off the bill. I will definitely stay in this hotel again when I return to Beijing again.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great service	I have stayed in this hotel for more than sixty nights during this year, mainly for business. I have been very pleased with the hospitality and courtesy of the hotel employees. Many of the tourists that I have spoke to at the hotel have also been very impressed with hotel and its stafff. The staff have made me feel at home while I am in China. Almost all of the staff speak english. In particular, I would like to thank the Hospitality Manager, Storm Glis Li for his assistance. Storm has been invaluable to us. He is very dedicated and willing to help us out in any way he can. Once again, many others have a very positive experience and have thanked Storm for all of his help.	
Oct 8 2006 	wonderful hotel	we have been 2 nights in october in this hotel and got a room in the bizz floor. the room was very clean and comfortable. we booked over the holiday-inn webside and payed approx. 95 US-$ for one night.the staff is very helpful and friendly. the breakfast buffet ( included in this rate ) is really excellent.we have been coming to beijing by train from shanghai.the taxi drive from the train station to the hotel takes 40 minutes and cost you approx. 3 US-$.because there is no city-center in beijing it doesn´t matter that you are not so close to the forbidden city or tianamen place. a taxi ride is mostly 30 minutes to all important tourist attractions, but be sure that you are in the second ring.when you want to arrange a tour to the great wall by youself ( strictly recommended ) then ask the guest relation managers in the hotel, mister storm or mister gossen. they will arrange a private trip for you. i recommend a trip to mutianyu because there are not so many people as in badaling.dont leave your hotel with the adress-card written in chinese !!!	
Oct 3 2006 	Just excellent!	I chose the Central Plaza on the basis of previous reviews and was not disappointed. It is an excellent place to stay for holidays. It proved worth to accept the offered upgrading to the &quot;Executive Club Level&quot; (150 yuans per day) which included taxes, an excellent breakfast buffet, full internet access, drinks and evening snacks in a quiet and cosy lounge at the 16th floor.As pointed out by several other reviewers, the location of the hotel is not central but it is not a problem: bus 10 is around the corner and brings you directly to the Tien-anmen Square and the Forbidden City as well as several underground stations. By the way, using public transportation means is fun, cheap, safe and provides a good opportunity to watch - and sometimes meet - local people. I can only recommend it.Mr Storm, the loyalty manager, is a jewel. Do not hesitate to contact him as he endeavors to make you feel happy during your stay. He greatly contributed to my full satisfaction with an 11-day holiday in Beijing.Some travelers seem to encounter difficulties at Capital Airport with taxi drivers not knowing the hotel and its location. I printed beforehand a large copy of a picture of the hotel posted in the section &quot;Candid traveler photos&quot;: it mentions its full name in the Chinese writing. It really helped reaching the hotel without difficulty.	
Oct 2 2006 	Loved it!	This hotel was fabulous!Upon check-in, we were told that the deluxe, non-smoking room that I had reserved was not available and that we would be upgraded to an executive room at no extra charge.The room was large and very beautifully decorated. The king size bed was very comfortable and came with a down comforter. The white marble bathroom was absolutely gorgeous, with both a tub and a shower in a glass enclosure. There was also a sitting area and a desk with free internet access for the first 24 hours.Breakfast at the Executive Lounge was included in the very reasonable price of the room and was excellent. On the main level are 2 restaurants: a more Western restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Both were excellent, although a little more expensive than we had paid anywhere else in Beijing.Contrary to its name, the hotel is not really central and although taxis are really cheap in Beijing, some drivers had a hard time finding it; some even refused to take us there (this can be explained by the fact that the hotel is only 2 years old).But none of these little inconveniences mattered when looking at the bigger picture. This hotel is fabulous; I would definitely stay there again and again and I would certainly recommend it.	
Sep 13 2006 	A Gem of a Place - Excellent Service!	We recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for three nights. The stay was for our first nights in China and a wonderful place to refresh after the long flight from the States.The hotel is new and clean - and the service is wonderful. We recevied the best advise of our trip to China from Jens - one of the Hotel Managers. He was most patient and informative in answering all of our questions.I would strongly recommend this hotel to everyone looking for a nice quiet and clean place to stay. We did not find the location all that difficult, as it was a 10 RMB taxi ride to the Metro - which gets you just about everywhere in Beijing anyway! Also, the breakfast is FABULOUS and worth getting included in your room rate. We booked the hotel through the Holiday Inn web-site and got breakfast for two for only 40 RMB additional in the room rate.	
Aug 31 2006 	Fantastic Service	This hotel is a great deal for the money - it'd be even better if you get breakfast included in that rate. However, the location of the hotel is not superb and a cab ride will cost you between 30-50RMB. The official website indicates that there is a complimentary area service shuttle and a complimentary subway station shuttle - this is not accurate and quite deceiving. Bus No. 10 is 3min walking, but then you have to transfer and buses have a tendency to eat up time. But if you stay at the more centrally located Holiday Inns (either Lido or Crowne Plaza), then you're paying twice as much for a room plus cab fares. Therefore, even with not-so-great location your cab expenses from location to hotel should only be about $10-12USD a day and going anywhere in Beijing will take at least 20minutes.And there's no way the other branches can beat the service.Make contacting Mr. Storm a must-do. He goes above and beyond and definitely has a &quot;can-do&quot; attitude. He treats you with the utmost respect and even checks in with you at the end of the days he arranged for you. He arranged a driver to take me to Jinshanling/Simatai Great Wall, so I paid less for the excursion and wasn't on a tour guide's schedule. And it was the same driver to take me to the acrobat show (also arranged by Mr. Storm) and to the airport. Mr. Storm is genuinely concerned about his guest's experience in Beijing and does everything in his power to make sure it's a positive one.A great place for the value.	
Aug 14 2006 	Total satisfaction	We booked an executive king room for my husband and me and a double for our son and friend. We were completing satisfied with everything this hotel had to offer.	
Aug 10 2006 	Great Place	I stayed here at the beginning of July as part of a tour. The hotel was excellent. The biggest down-side to this hotel was that while it is called &quot;Central Plaza&quot; it is hardly central in Beijing. I was on a tour though and this wasn't really a problem. The area around the hotel was actually interesting and somewhat different compared to what I would have experienced had I stayed in downtown. The rooms are big, the breakfast buffet was great, and the pool also was big and excellent. I would encourage others to stay here.	
Aug 7 2006	Great experience	I spent two nights at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in July 2006 and I must confess that I was surprised that a hotel with those prices could be ranked #1 in Tripadvisor, but it certainly deserves it.The hotel was clean and modern, the staff was friendly and most of them spoke English. Besides, there was a reasonably-priced Chinese restaurant with excellent service on the ground floor (I didn't try the other restaurant).The only possible drawback is location, which is not a big issue if you travel on leisure, since taxis in Beijing are very cheap (aprox. 24 RMB to Tiananmen Square).	
Jul 20 2006	Neat hotel fantastic value	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 12 nights with my eight year old daughter. The location is called &quot;Central Plaza&quot; regardless of the fact that it is not centrally placed in Beijing. Holiday Inn has a couple of other hotels in Beijing, one of them named &quot;Downtown Beijing&quot;. Likewise, this hotel is not anywhere near downtown.Anyway, we both absolutely loved the place.Rooms are large and comfortable (bath tub, work desk, laptop sized safe, minibar). The hotel has attractive fitness, pool and restaurant facilities. The staff is fantastic. They are friendly, helpful and genuinely fond of kids.We had no problems with the location. Yes, you do have to jump into a cab to get anywhere, but within ringroad 2 I never paid more than 40 yang (app US$4) a ride. And even if you did stay in the very town center, I would still expect that you would need taxis to go to the sights.The local neighborhood is very nice. It has no real tourist attractions but it has a lot of character, including it's own hutong almost opposite the hotel. There are a couple of good local chinese restaurants nearby, a couple of good supermarkets and - if you must - a KFC. Pool and fitness are free, but unfortunately you will have to pay app. US$6/d for broadband in your room. Free hotspot is in the lobby.You will not regret staying in this hotel. For reasons I can not understand they are selling the rooms at rates close to US$75- which in my view is absolutely unbeatable.	
Jul 2 2006	Outstanding Service!! Outstanding Beijing Bargain!!	We vacationed in Beijing during the first week of April and had selected the Central Plaza based on Tripadvisor reviews and other sources. The entire stay exceeded our expectations due mainly to the friendly and helpful hotel staff. Room rates were surprisingly low for a new Holiday Inn opened in 2005-most probably due to its more remote location in southwest Beijing. I will confirm what others have noted that the hotel desk provides map cards for taxi drivers unfamiliar with the hotel location. Our various drivers had no problem locating the hotel and it only adds about US$5-6 roundtrip taxifare to get to the Central tourist and shopping areas. This is substantially less than the higher room rates in the Central area. If available, suggest upgrading room to include buffet breakfast, wi-fi internet and &quot;happy hour&quot; cocktails available in the business lounge on the 13th floor. At the time, this was an additional $10 per nite. The buffet breakfast, served in the Salt and Pepper restaurant on the main floor, is superb offering a large selection of Asian and American breakfast choices.Above the cost savings, the friendly service provided by the hotel staff was exceptional.My wife needed medical attention and staff member Sally Wu was very supportive acting as interpreter with the Chinese doctors and nurses at the local hospital. She was also very attentive and reassuring to my wife.In summary, a new hotel with American-size rooms comparatively underpriced , exceptional service from a friendly staff and excellent amenities currently makes the Central Plaza a hidden gem in Beijing! We plan on returning!!	
Jun 11 2006	An outstanding hotel	We are pleased to say that our recent stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza was most pleasurable. We stayed for roughly two weeks in late May with several rooms on the executive floor. The accommadation, service, dining and staff are all first class. The personal touch of Mr. Storm went above and beyond our expectations. We agree with Ronvoyage's comment that the location posed no inconvenience. We have no hesitation and strongly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 26 2006	Great hotel but location means that I will not return	Like other reviews of this hotel, I think the Holiday Inn Central Plaza is terrific. Great service, great rooms, soft towels, good restaurants, great buffet. In fact, the breakfast buffet gave an American, a Chinese and a finicky 5-year-old great choices.But the location was just unacceptable for a pleasure trip. * It takes 20-40 minutes (with traffic) to get to and from places* Had 5 taxi drivers (in 5 days) refuse to take us to the hotel* Had 2 taxi drivers get lostThere was simply too much stress and time related in the travel to/from the hotel. Now if they could only move the hotel 15km to the northeast....	
Apr 19 2006	It's hard to find...but even harder to beat	The Holiday Inn Central Plaza deserves its place at the top of the list of Beijing Hotels - it's a class act.On the ground floor are 2 restaurants, a gift shop (where you can book flights), business centre, concierge and cafe. You may notice the weather forecast posted next to the lifts - very helpful.First floor has a spa, gym, large pool, separate male/female steam room and sauna.The superb rooms feature minibar with tea/coffee, bathrobes+slippers, shoehorn+shine, iron board, laundry service, internet access (1 RMB per min or 60 RMB per day), fruit bowl, in-room safe, bath with stand in shower, full selection of toiletries, air conditioning and alarm clock radio. There is also 24hr room service with an excellent choice on the menu.TVs have 10 channels in English; 4x news, 2x sport, 2x movie (HBO+Cinemax) &amp; 2x music. There are a further 50 or so non-English channels.When you check in you're given a fold out card with room keys. This card is fantastic, containing a cache of phrases in English/Chinese, directions to sights, a metro and fold out City map as well as hotel directory.When you take a taxi ride the Hotel gives both you and the driver a card - yours is in case of problems and has the driver's number, his is directions to your destination. This is the easy bit.The hard bit is reaching the hotel. Its location - deep in the South West corner of Beijing presents a problem. So what you say? Well, Beijing covers an area the size of Belgium and even with 75000 taxi drivers, the few I chose struggled to find the Hotel.Beijing is however growing and expanding in readiness for the Olympic Games in 2008, and with new Metro lines under construction as well as improved Airport links (and a new super fast train), this will hopefully make it easier to reach.One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.	
Apr 13 2006	Great choice	We selected this hotel based on your other TRIPADVISOR ratings and were not at all disappointed. The furnishings, buffet breatfast were all superior. The hotel location is not as convenient as some of the other hotels, but that was not a problem. The buffet breakfast was excellant, but on our final morning there when we went down at 7 am we were surprised they hadn't yet put out have of the items, even though the buffet starts at 6 am. The other mornings we went down at 8 am and had no problems. THe buffet breakfast was one of the best we have had anywhere. The non-smoking room didn't smell of smoke at all when we checked in, but during 2 nights of the 4 night stay we were awakened in the middle of the night by the smell of smoke probably coming in from the bathroom vent or under the door from another room.	
Mar 7 2006	Made our trip to Beijing a trouble free amazing time!	Just like everyone else, we booked it because of the reviews, and even with all the high expectations I had it was still great. I read another review about it being far away from everything, which is true, but taxis are so cheap who cares. And make sure you have the map when you arrive at the airport, and everytime you go out. Still, some taxi drivers dont know where it is and wont take you there. Keep trying, someone will. Get the buffet in the resturant. We would eat like one huge meal a day, and one small meal later. I wasnt really too into authentic Chinese food. Peking Duck is ok... Da Dongs is a good place. The manager Storm was really helpful in arranging our Great Wall trip, since we wanted to go to multiple sites. All in all, one of my favorite hotels ever... I will stay there anytime I go back to Beijing.pj	
Feb 13 2006 	Excellent hotel at amazingly low price		
Jan 19 2006 	SImply the best!!!		
Jan 14 2006	Great Hotel		
Dec 8 2005	Affordable clean and perfect!		
Nov 18 2005 	Great Hotel		
Nov 17 2005	Modern and fantastic		
Oct 13 2005	Great Place		
Sep 26 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Sep 5 2005	Absolutely amazing hotel!		
Aug 11 2004	A Great Holiday Inn! Really!		
Nov 24 2009 	Einfach klasse!		
Oct 28 2009 	Angenehmes Hotel mit gutem Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
May 11 2009 	Trés trés bien malheureusement un peu loin du centre		
Mar 20 2009 	Meilleur rapport qualité-prix à Beijing et Storm fait la différence		
Oct 3 2008 	Wunderbares Hotel mit gigantisch tollen Betten und Büffets		
Oct 22 2007 	Das HI Central Plaza wurde dem Lob leider nicht gerecht.		
Sep 8 2007 	excelente		
