Nov 13 2009 	Reasonable business hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for about half a dozen times during the past 2 - 3 years. I have always been satisfied with them.The rooms are not large, but there's enough room for the bed and working desk. They have always been clean and perfectly functional.This time, somehow the staff at the reception was not too friendly. The staff at the concierge desk, the doormen and the elevator guards were very polite as always.The location is very good for shopping and sightseeing.This hotel is of good value for money at least with our company rate.	
Aug 27 2009 	Old weary and very overpiced... oh and badly managed!	4 years ago I checked into the Traders for what I swore would be the last time. Upon arrival they said - oh we made a mistake re your booking, please wait in the louge while we fix it... 1.5 hours later they told me they had no rooms and I would be accomodated at a nearby hotel... which turned out to be a 1 star hovel...Fast forward 4 years and through no choice I arrive at the Traders... and Im told oh sorry we have no room for you... after 40 mins they grudingly &quot;upgraded&quot; me to the &quot;top floor&quot;... The hotel is now very dated, the food ho hum and very expensive.	
Apr 28 2009 	Ah Beijing!	I went with my family to Beijing last month. Incidently I booked Traders since it is very close to the shopping areas. But the rooms of this hotel are not good at all.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great for First Time Chine Business Travellers	Excellent Location for a business traveller, especially if you're in China for the first time. Close to the Metro, Silk Market and other Forbidden City. Found the hotel a little expensive though	
Apr 16 2009 	Its a so-so hotel	Traders Hotel in Beijing is a typical business hotel - Its located very centrally &amp; is bang next to the Guamao subway station. The hotel rooms are quite small &amp; food is average. The hotel has a spa &amp; a gym in its premises. The room rents are quite nominal for a capital city ( ~$160) - My friends who stayed at Holiday Inn Central paid half the price but said the facilities were better. Not too much of recreation like movies, games possible in the room so you are kind of bored watching only few channels on TV. The advantage of the hotel is the location &amp; a lot of places like Silk street, Tiannamen etc is close &amp; thats an advantage.	
Jan 14 2009 	OK but not worth the price	Staff seems to be getting a little bit lax. Hopethey are not just trying to milk the Shangrila name andwaiting for the China World Tower to open up.Lots of better deals in Beijing now. They don't seem to get the fact that there is a global recessionand top notch service should be given to keep Golden Circle members.Time will tell.	
Dec 24 2008	Consistenly perfect!	I have stayed at Traders Beijing several times from 1995 through 2008. In 1995 it was just half the size. Returning, only the size had changed. Shangri-la offers the finest hotel experience through well chosen and trained staff, consistent year after year through all the locations in which I have stayed.Aside from this being a fine hotel with the finest service, the location is perfect. Food is always excellent, the hotel spotless. This is a true gem of a hotel, exceedingly well managed. I always feel great as I arrive at the front door. Highly recommend the Horizon Club!	
Dec 7 2008 	A very likable hotel	Stayed in Traders for 4 nights during 1st week of Dec -08. Must say it is a very likable hotel! First time to China so I am not an expert comparing with other hotels -- but it definitely served my needs. Super friendly staff all over who really have a desire to help out. Internet connection is fairly expensive. I did not sign up, yet I managed to connect to others non-encrypted wireless connections (for free).Clean and tidy. Room is OK, maybe a little bit dull but that goes for many hotels. Very comfy bed. Bathroom could have been bigger. What definitely could have been bigger too is the safe box, which is too small to fit a laptop.Liked the fact that the hotel is in walking distance from the silk and pearl market. Tried the gym, which was OK. Same goes with the breakfast buffet.Would also like to share with you a really good Chinese restaurant (serving delicious roasted duck and plenty of other dishes) at close walking distance from the hotel: Xiao Wang's Home Restaurant.	
Jun 25 2008 	Strategic location but not really a nice place to stay for vacation...	Well, Beijing is a city where you can still see preserver traditional Chinese buildings and high rise building in a City. It consists of five rings where first ring started from the Forbidden City. Chinese government preserve the building in first two rings and 3rd and 4th ring have the most development. Traders hotel located between 3rd and 4th ring and the is connected with the China World Trade building. The worst part is directly in front of the hotel, there is contruction on going. If you are looking for a place to stay for vacation, it is not really recommended but it is good for those that go for business trip as most of the offices like Motorola and Hewlett Packard are very near to Traders. Silk Road and Yashio where you can purchase all sort of cheap stuff from accessories, clothing, watches, tea pot, silk and et cetera is also very near to the hotel. These two places are really famous where there are no fixed price to an item and it has to depend on individual bargaining power. I suggest slash 80% from the price they tell you. Always remember to walk away if the price is not within your budget. There are a lot of stalls that selling the same item so, don't worry, you will surely get it. Manicure and Pedicure is highly recommended and please DON'T miss it! It's cheap and the quality is really good. You can get this from Yashio complex and the price is fairly the same of all the stalls. Get the O.P.I! For guy, please go for the head, arms and foot massage. It is cheap too! Beijing crispy duck is something you can't miss. I had it at Wang Xiao Hu. It is very near to the hotel as well. It is within walking distance. Please ask the bellboy where is the location. If you go to stall or restaurant that doesn't has a menu, please ask for the price before you order including drinks.I personally don't recommend you to shop for branded stuff in China as they have higher import tax. All and all, Beijing is a nice place to stay if you are interested in Forbidden City and Great Wall of China. The food are really nice too but the air polution is really bad! One more thing, most of them, they don't speak English even the taxi driver. Please prepare the hotel name in Chinese name. After you book the hotel, call the hotel to ask the name of their hotel in Chinese. Hope you have a wonderful trip in China.	
May 27 2008	Well located moderate hotel	Traders Hotel in Beijing is a midlevel business hotel, that does everything right within its class. It's a sister hotel to the much more luxurious (and more expensive) China World Hotel and is likewise situated within the modern China World complex, which includes a very high end mall, office towers and convention center. The lobby is small and somewhat dated, but the staff is very helpful, from the desk clerks to the elevator attendants. The rooms were small but relatively well kept. The bathroom was also small, with a combination shower/bath. The safe was too small for a laptop, which is a significant shortcoming in a business hotel. They provide complementary fresh fruit and bottled water each day. The internet access was easy to configure, though expensive (140 RMB/day) given the overall price level in Beijing. The breakfast buffet was modest but offers sufficient western and Chinese choices. The location is well suited for tourists, as the hotel sits atop a subway stop (Guamao) on line 1, from which one can easily get to Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and other tourist sites. It's also just a few stops to transfer points for lines 2 and 5. Given the state of traffic in Beijing, easy access to the subway is an important plus. It's a short walk along Jiangwuomenwai to the Silk Street market, which offers several floors of souvenirs, t-shirts, knock offs, &quot;silk&quot; pajamas, etc. The shopkeepers are aggressive and haggling is required, but that's half the fun.	
May 22 2008 	Most Comfortable Bed in China	By far the best aspect of this hotel was the fabulously comfortable bed. Anyone who has spent time in China can appreciate that most beds here are rock hard. Overall the hotel was not standout, particularly with its somewhat hard-to-find location at the back of the World Trade Center, poor access to the street, and ongoing construction outside (but then again, this is China). However, in-room amenities including terrycloth bathrobes and comfy slippers, BBC (so sick of CNN), and - did I mention - the most comfortable beds in China (!), made my stay enjoyable.	
Apr 18 2008 	Decent Place for Business	This hotel is very centrally located for business travellers, very near to the Kerry Center and adjacent to the China World complex. It is also walking distance to the Pearl Market/Silk Street shopping area. The rooms are comfortable and a decent size. They could be bigger, but I'm not going to complain about that. Several restaurants on site and you can walk through the China World Mall to the China World Hotel and eat at their restaurants as well. The buffet restaurant on site is OK--fine for breakfast. They have quite a nice selection of eggs, pancakes, sausage, bacon, cereals, etc.Staff are very friendly and acommodating. They all go out of their way to say good day and greet you when you enter the hotel. Exercise facilities are fine, but not outstanding. Several treadmills, some bikes and a full set of Cybex machines for weight work-outs. There is a full sauna as well. I believe the hotel has a spa/massage service, but I did not take advantage of it.Overall, for the rates, I don't think you can do much better in Beijing.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great place for business travelers	My client in Beijing recomended the hotel and I am glad they did. The room was what you would expect for a nice hotel and had a very nice bathroom. They had a good selection of international channels available in English, French, Spanish, German and of course Chinese. They have two resturants and one bar in the hotel but there are two other hotels within walking distance that are owned by the same company and allow you to sign meals to your room. The staff was incredibly friendly and were always available. The hotel is located near the SouthEast part of town which makes it convenient to get to the Business Development Area (BDA) and also close to the city center for access to the forbidden city and Tienamen Square. There is always a line of available taxis right outside the entrance at all hours.	
Dec 25 2007 	very decent hotel	Me and girlfriend went to Beijing, mainly to travel and see those magificant histroical monumnets in Beijing.Hotel is well manager by Shangri La group, so you do expect good manner staff, good rooms. The location is good good.just 5 mins walk to a SOHO properties, great place to spend time in.Nothing to compare about, unless you are looking a hotel with more style and taste.	
Dec 14 2007 	Great location good service	This hotel is in a great location, right in the middle of business district, above a great shopping mall, with a subway station that allow me to travel all over the city. Taxi is very cheap also. There is a shuttle bus from the airport although it may take some patience to know which airport bus to take and where to get off. The chinese name of the hotel sounds like &quot;Quao-mao&quot; . Saying that to the bus or taxi driver will help you get to the hotel easier. The staff is super friendly, and very attentive. I always feel very welcome in this hotel. The ratio of hotel staff to customer is amzaingly high. If you enjoy being pampered, this is the place to consider. The room size is adequate, and the room are always clean. There are some thoughts to share here though.(1) The gym (free) is located in China World Hotel nearby. You would have to walk to the shopping mall to get to the gym. It can be kind of inconvenient for some. The gym is WOW nice, so it is worth the walk, I think, (2) The hotel may want to consider upgrading to flat-screen TV.(3) The bathroom floor is very slippery when wet. So be very careful, Hotel should really consider replacing them in any upcoming remodel efforts. (4) There is construction nearby at this time, and can be noisy during some days. If you need to sleep during the day time, you may want to book another hotel at this time. Other the minor items above, this is a great hotel. I definitely would stay here in the future because of the great location and super service.	
Nov 18 2007	excellent hospitality	Excellent service, staff seemed very eager to please.Varied choice of both continental &amp; asian breakfast.Wasn't too impressed by 'the Oriental' restuarant.We tried a full body massage which was nice.Only drawback was the construction site across the road.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great business hotel in CBD of Beijing	Traders is a comfortable and well-located hotel for business travelers. Beijing hotel prices continue to increase, but Traders remains a good value, especially compared to its sister hotels in the same area (Kerry Centre and China World) which are posh but at a price. Traders' rooms are small but adequate, the hotel staff are pleasant and helpful, and the location in the World Trade Center makes it easy to shop (also within walking distance of the silk market) or take public transportation if you're daring enough. It is also a short ride to the main train station. I stay at Traders most times I pass through Beijing.	
Oct 28 2007	A nice place to stay	I spent 2 nights at this hotel on my wa to other locations in China. This is a fantastic Hotel, the staff are friendly at room are nice and clean. Just a little advise for new travellers to Beijing - English is not amazingly popular here. On arrival I showed a taxi driver the address of my hotel, but as it was written in english he didnt have a clue. I had to phone the hotel from my mobile and then pass over the phone to the driver so he would know where to go. The rest of the trip wasn't too bad as I met up with an old uni friend who done all the translating for me :-)Other then the language barrier outside the hotel its a great place to stay.	
Jul 9 2007	A+	This hotel was centrally located. Great for business and families. Beautiful Lobby, Friendly Staff, excellent service and wonderful rooms. All the amenities you need. Highly reccomend!	
Jun 7 2007	Great Location Excellent Service!	We went to Beijing to participate in the Skate Beijing 2007 competition. This hotel was chosen because of it's proximity to the rink. Only 2 mins. thru the shopping mall!This is an excellent hotel. I will reccommend it to anyone. It's location is great for business travelers, right in the middle of the Bussines district and just a few steps away from the China World Trade Centre. This is also a family hotel, near shopping malls and accessible transportation. Very helpful staff. They will arrange tours to the Great Wall and other places.The restaurant is EXCELLENT! The best buffet breakfast and dinner I've seen and had the pleasure of feasting on.	
May 30 2007 	Big hotel big heart	Basd on tripadvisor reviews I chose this hotel over the seemingly more &quot;grand&quot; New World Hotel. I was working nearby so it came down to a decision between the two. I have to say I was very happy with my choice and here's why...1. I somehow managed to book a room on the &quot;Executive Floor&quot; I think it was because I chose to have breakfast included (an extra 10 pounds from memory). It was SUCH A great move. The floor has its own (quick) check in desk, there is free access to the internet, fax, printer (and even shredder) they have happy hour between 5 or 6-8pm every night which include nibbles and open bar (when I say nibbles, let's just say I didnt need to eat dinner after), b'fast is just down the hall (and it's tasty) and lastly and for me (a regular business traveler) most importantly, there is a large space for you to go and work and /or read (they have a selection of books avaible in English). For me this is ideal, in the words of oneof the Starbucks founders it offers the &quot;thrid place&quot; that we all seek, especially when travelling on business. Sometimes you just need to leave your room but youdont want to have to kit up and head out into the world.enough said...2. the gym is well equipped and is complete with sauna, steam room and spa.3. you have access to the facilities at the nearby New world hotel - i checkied out the facilities, they are amazing- but it is a bit annoying to have to make your way through the underground mall to the hotel and to be honest , i found the modest equippment at the Traders suficient for a workout and relaxation.4. the staff, very friendly and helpful (ok, so their English is not great) but who cares? 5. location.. if you are working near the world trade centre, this hotel is convenient 6. the reviews said the rooms were small but on the exec floor the rooms are much the same as any normal sized 4 star Europeanhotel (believe me I travel A LOT!)7. You get all this for less than a night in a 4 star hotel in Europe EXCEPT you feel like a person NOT a number... So as I said, I checked out the New World and I must say WOW WOW WOW, the lobby is something to behold and to be honest I didnt actually see inside the rooms but as soon as I walked in I had the feeling that another reviwer described, that the hotel was more like a production line than a hotel. It was teeming with people, there were cars coming and going.. sure it felt large and exceptionally grand but it mostly felt cold and unwelcoming.... so I was and remian happy with my choice.Maybe it was because I was lucky enough to land on the executive floor or maybe I have too little experience with hotels in Asia to kow better but this hotel rated highly for me, I would definitely stay there again! Happy travels :-)	
May 11 2007 	Functional Hotel	Stayed here on a biz trip in early May. Hotel was in a convenient location, part of the China World Complex (shopping centres, offices, China World Hotel).If there are people picking you up or meeting you at the hotel, make sure you tell them that it's Traders (Guo Mao) cos the whole complex in mandarin is called Guo Mao and some people confused the Traders hotel with China World Hotel, its more luxurious sister hotel. The room in Traders in on the small side, but functional and clean. Room service is quite good, with good range of items on the menu.	
Apr 25 2007	Very comfortable	Spent 3 nites here as part of a tour package and really liked the property. Was too busy to check out the area, but the small room was equipped with almost EVERYTHING you could think of for a nice stay. Especially liked the restaurant staff. They were relaxed and accomodating and took all the various visitors from all over the world in stride and just seemed to enjoy it all. Would definitely consider another stay in this facilitiy. Accomodating and very comfortable.	
Mar 3 2007 	Traders Hotel Beijing - a good business hotel	For people who are familiar with the Traders Hotel chain, this Beijing property will be familiar. The rooms are Trader-sized ie. perhaps smaller than other hotel chains but adequate for business people who only use the room to sleep in. The hotel staff are all very friendly, pleasant &amp; efficient.The best thing for me was the location. The hotel is part of the World Trade Center complex which meant that I didn't have to venture out into the Beijing smog (if I didn't want to) to get to offices &amp; shops. The underground system, with upmarket brand shops &amp; familiar restaurants &amp; cafes, provides a easy link between the hotel &amp; offices.Another good thing about the hotel is that it is only a 10-minute walk (this time you have to walk outside in the smog) to the 5-storey Silk Market, where you can buy all kinds of things you have set your hearts on.	
Oct 19 2006 	business class hotel	the traders is part of the shangri-la chain of well managed hotels (save for the one in shenzhen). it is better known for its convenient location. if you can tolerate a small room, this hotel would be a natural choice. what makes the traders a special hotel is its attentive english speaking front office manager, service manager-concierge, and staff.	
Oct 12 2006	Good - but overshadowed by China World	A very good hotel, but definitely living in the shadow of the China World.It was disconcerting to be regularly accosted by &quot;ladies of the night&quot; on walking between the Traders and the China World.	
Sep 14 2006 	Quiet Impressive Brekkie		
Jul 3 2006	Businessman's hotel in a not too convenient neighborhood		
Apr 18 2006	Hotel OK and above average		
Mar 22 2006 	A very decent hotel		
Dec 28 2005	An very-OK 3-star hotel		
May 16 2005 	Good choice		
Mar 30 2005	Great hotel for Beijing - good location		
Jan 11 2005	Recommended With Minor Reservations		
Nov 6 2004 	Comfortable hotel but nothing special		
Sep 13 2004	Excellent Business Hotel		
Sep 13 2004	Buen Hotel		
Jul 3 2009 	?????		
Apr 28 2009 	albergone		
