	Great stay!	An excellent hotel, with the best room I have ever had! Large, modern, extremely comfortable, very well equipped, perfectly clean, with a number of small nice and fancy small things that do make a difference (rain shower heads, video screen in the bathroom, electrical curtains...) Additionally, the hotel location is just perfect, at walking distance from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Place. Personnel was courteous and really caring. Got access to the lounge, with free Internet access (it is otherwise quite expensive, ie RMB3 per min.); again, great service, delicious breakfast. The food is the restaurant, although good, seemed a littly pricy. The fitness center is recent and well equipped, the pool is large and very pleasant. Overall, a wonderful experience!	
Nov 25 2009	Luxury and convenience	Received a free upgrade when I stayed to an Executive Suite due to overbooking. The best thing about the hotel was the perfect location right off Wangfujing Street. The design is modern, but not showy. There's great tech like a flat screen TV with Satellite TV, an iPod JBL dock, and printer in room. The charge for Internet access is unfortunately too high at 3RMB a minute.	
Nov 21 2009 	An 'Island' of luxury and calm in a city seething with new Asian energy.	This one year old hotel with a strange side street facade and entrance was an absolute pleasure to stay at! Huge over tech'd rooms with entrance baggage foyer, motor controlled curtains (and blackout), central lighting control, enormous bathroom and vanity areas complete with rain shower heads, separate bath and video screen, and a wonderfully comfortable king bed made our China travel centre a delight. Buffet Breakfasts (included in our price) with manned international food stations and well trained waiting staff started our days out right. Vasco's for dinner in casual attire and a staff excited to please you made a difference though the quality of food stands very well on its own. An early morning side trip flight to Xi'an brought out a full (free) box lunch including coffee and juices. Within half a block is an enormous open air mall that reflects this busy city. Grab this well priced gem while they are still building a clientele as the hotel appeared to be less than half full; a fact that seemed to only push the staff to greater efforts to please.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice Hotel	we were three adults in the room, the size of the room was good. washing room was very small and the problem was that there was no water inside to wash yourself! (this is a problem I have in west and east)bath was very good (exept the tile that was broken!)hotel is close to the nice mall (very expensive) and also traditional small shopslobby is very small.only one usefull buffet restaurant (other two restaurants are a small bar and one chineeze) with not expected food qualityconstruction and vehicles noise	
Nov 18 2009 	great hotel	very good hotel, good service. definantly worth to add the extra cost for pick-up from the airport, they picked us up, just as we left the flight and we went trough all the VIP lines. So a quick exit from the airport!breakfast good as you would expect. the hotel is only 100 meters from a nice mall and the very nice shopping street and only walking distance from the forbidden city	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent and good value	I stayed at the Hilton Wangfujing on a 2 nights for the price of 1 deal which represented excellent value for a very modern, well equipped large room. Location is very central and would definately recommend staying here to business and leisure travellers alike.	
Nov 16 2009 	Spacious High Tech Rooms	This 5star hotel is a year or so old and the large open “high tech” room I stayed in, was very comfortable, modern, well designed. It had a huge Double King bed, an open plan bathroom and an open walk-in closet. A separate bathtub and shower cabin were available in the bathroom. In the shower cabin a regular shower and a rain shower were installed. Besides a TV in the room, the bathroom also had a TV installed in the wall, yet instructions were missing on how to operate the TV – or I could not figure it out (but did not ask anyone either to explain). The room had the largest and nicest Mini-Bar closet I have seen in a long time. It even contained a “pleasure pack” for a charge.Plenty of English Speaking TV Channels were available. That reminds me, that I could hear the TV of the room next door, so the walls are not the thickest despite the panels. I very much liked, that most light switches are labelled to tell you what light you turn on.The windows do open a bit to let in fresh air, yet the air conditioning also functioned well. There is an electronic mechanism for opening and closing both the blinds and the curtains, however they cannot be stopped halfway, so it is either closed or open, unless you only close the curtain by hand, which you then can only re-open with the electronic mechanism.Very interesting were the designer reading lights on the head side of the bed. At first I thought that they were some sort of nightlights. Only later I noticed, that they can be pulled out and adjusted for reading.The breakfast buffet was generous and I did very much enjoy the fresh juice station and the design of the atmosphere in the restaurants. The breakfast staff, in my opinion, needs a little more training, e.g. to recognise refills needed, cleaning off used plates or ask any arriving customer for coffee or tea.In the Lobby Lounge the staff was very friendly, the atmosphere was great. Unfortunately did the waiter there not really know how to use a microwave to heat up a soup.Generally all staff members were very helpful, though security is not the tightest. I asked a housekeeping lady to see another room on a different location of my floor. She did not understand. However she did understand, that I wanted her to open a room. The room she opened was sold, had luggage in it, but was unoccupied. She should not have opened the room to me, without verifying, that I was the guest of that room, which I was not.Elevators are also working without key card access restrictions.The business centre offered Internet access, but it is nuisance to have to pay for it. I also choose the hotel for location, which was close to Tian'anmen Square and Forbidden City. The hotel is tucked away behind a large shopping mall off Wangfujing street, one of the tourist attractions there is the Night Food Market, I found it a little difficult to identify on the Map provided by the hotel, where I was and feel that the hotel could provide a sort of local area map. All over I recommend staying at the hotel, the few minor glitches taken aside.	
Nov 12 2009 	A near perfect stay	Let me start by saying that I consider myself to be a picky traveler and I do recognize good value for money. Hilton Wangfujing is by far the best value for money in our travels throughout mainland China. Fantastic location approximately 1 minute walking to night streets for food and shopping which actually helps two ways, one even if the taxi cant find the hotel you can always get dropped on the main shopping street i.e. Wangfujing St. and walk the two minutes to the hotel and two you always have things to do in the night including sampling the offerings in the night food market. Got upgraded to the executive suite without executive privilidges when I arrived, not sure what the difference is between the standard deluxe suite and the executive suite, but the room was fantastic. I can assure you no matter how picky you might consider yourself to be, you will not be dissapointed with the room. The size is big, the amenities are fantastic. It was like coming home every evening. The concierge, the hotel stafff and house keeping were extremely polite, helpful and efficient. Cant say enough about this hotel. I will add that there is construction going on in the front of the hotel, however never heard a sound throughout our stay. We went to see all the main highlights, Forbidden city, temple of heaven, lama temple, birds nest, summer palace, great wall (Mutianyu portion) and had a car, driver and guide for all three days which helped with the packed itinerary. Cant say much about the guide i.e. &quot;Daven&quot; who has self posted a few reviews of himself on tripadvisor. We cold called him while we were in Chengdu and made arrangements with him for the three days in beijing. Even though I had discussed and confirmed in detail regarding how much time I needed every day, the sites I will visit and where and especially that this will be in the order that I decided, Mr. Daven a young guy about 25 years old kept grumbling about the itinerary and how it was set up and incessantly pushed the company sponsored Tourist trap beijing opera locations and restaurants. Kindly stay away from this guy. I am not sure how necessary a guide really is in Beijing, however it does and will help if you have less time and a packed itinerary as you wont continuously have to find your way or negotiate fares with taxis for out of town spectacles. After my extensive research I can say that at least in the low season around late october a price of 500 RMB is a good deal for the car, guide and driver for approximately a 8-9 hour day. This will not include entry tickets to places and food or stay obviously. I would add about 200 RMB more per day for the high season, offcouse you would have many people try and tell you that these are low prices, but that does not seem to be the case in my negotiations and negotiations that I know of when my friends have visited earlier.	
Nov 10 2009 	6 Star quality at 4 star prices	Often stay in Hilton hotels across the world and have come to expect relatively consistent, sometimes poor, but never stellar quality (the one exception being the Tokyo Conrad). The Hilton Beijing Wangfujing surprised me on every score. Highly efficient and friendly service at reception, outrageously good and spacious rooms (I highly recommend the King Deluxe Plus), luxury all round, free wi-fi in my room, and a price-quality ratio that even in mainland China I found impossible to beat.Breakfast buffet (included in the price) was very generous with extensive Western, Chinese and Japanese options. Pool perfect.Not to be blamed on the hotel in any way: getting a taxi driver to find the hotel proved almost impossible. Almost no driver could read the directions in Chinese. Often the only way was to let the driver use my mobile to call the hotel.Easy 10-minute walk to Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square and right next to lots of shopping opportunities in Wangfujing. Quite worth experiencing is the night food market close by (unless I am mistaken on Friday nights only). Short taxi ride to Silk Market, Pearl Market and Temple of Heaven.I dislike chummy service and familiarity, but the very aloof and chilly attitude of staff at many hotels can be equally off-putting. Service at the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing was neither, with everyone striking the perfect balance, offering courteous and correct service without intruding on privacy.Have stayed in various 4 and 5-star hotels in Beijing but will return to Hilton Beijing Wangfujing without a doubt. I highly recommend this hotel: service, accommodation and breakfast (I did not have any other meals there due to work commitments) all were consistently excellent. Given the amount of travel I engage in on an annual basis I can never leave quickly enough. As a total exception, therefore, I regretted having to check out from the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel to stay !!!!	We stayed atthe hilton Wangfujing for 7 days in July 2009.The hotel is in the shopping district of Wangfujing and only 10 minutes walk to Forbidden City and Tiannamen Square.As other people wrote, taxi drivers had some trouble to find hotel even with address written in Chinese. probably because the hotel is only one years old. The room was very big and confortable. It is modern, with a sliding wall between the bed area and the bathroom. The toiled and the shower are separated and closed with a grey-glass door. There are also a walk-in dressing area and a big bar.The restaurant f the hotel are very good and the chinese restaurant is is great for the Pekin Dutch, I loved it. We also used the room service many times and everything was perfect.The breakfast buffet was lovely with a great selection of food: fruits, juices, croissants, pastries, omlette, a selection of ham and cheese, ecc. There was also a corner with a selection of food of the east area.The staff was very friendly and helpful all the time. I really recommend this hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Lovely hotel fantastic service and great location!	One of the best hotels we have stayd in!Check-in at 11pm was really efficient. Housekeeping was top notch. Service was very attentive. Someone always called back to check whether room service or any other request made by us had been satisfactorily attended to. There was always someone around in the lobby waiting to attend on anyone who looked like they neede help! If you lingered in the lobby after returning from a hot days sightseeing you were offered refreshing lime or rose scented water to drink.The rooms were CLEAN and HUGE with a separate rain shower, WC , freestanding bath and walk in closet! Toiletries were Crabtree and Evelyn. And the open plan toilet could be closed off - fully or in sections by sliding doors.The general ambient lighting in the room could have been brighter but the pull down reading light was very good. The view wasn’t great - some buildings and construction sites, but it did not matter as we were out all day anyway. We booked directly through the hotel website and got a fantastic adv. purchase rate of about 120usd nett. As mentioned in prev reviews the APN Mall next door has a lot of restaurants and a supermarket. Also taxis are easier to get at the front of the Mall in case you are in a hurry. Short taxi ride or a 15- 20 min walk to the east gate of the Forbidden City. Not all taxi drivers know the place though - You need to say Jinbao Hutong and then direct the taxi drivers (turn right at Macau centre and right again)Also walking distance to the Jinbao branch of Dadong!	
Nov 3 2009 	Incredible service levels..beautiful room	We stayed at the Hong Kong Intercontinental, the Hilton Beijing, the Opposite House in Beijing, and the Shangri-La in Bangkok during the past 24 days. We had a free night and expected a typical Hilton hotel. It was anything but. The rooms are beautiful. They are elegantly appointed with marble floors and sliding walls. A mirror over the tub turns into a TV. The bathroom either opens up to the bedroom or can be totally closed off. It is walking distance to almost everything. The restaurants are excellent. We were sorry we didn't stay the entire time at the Hilton, but who knew? The service levels were incredible. We were moving to another hotel and asked for a taxi. It didn't come within about 10 minutes. This wasn't good enough for the staff. They kept apologizing. We told them this was okay. After 20 minutes, they told us that they were going to take us in their bus free of charge. They walked us out and we felt awful to be leaving this warm and gracious hotel. Bathroom amenities were Crabtree and Evelyn. The rooms are quite large and bigger than the deluxe rooms at the IC hotels. I think the room may have been a bit larger or around the same size as the Shangri-La room. We were upgraded at the Opposite House, so I didn't see an average room there. Wish breakfast were included.	
Nov 2 2009 	Amazing comfort	Great place to stay on business in a Hilton. First class all off the way and made me think I should attend more business conferences. There is no problem speaking English for any of the Staff.	
Oct 30 2009 	Amazing hotel	My husband and I had originally booked five nights here but ended up being transferred to the Hilton Beijing after this hotel was shut down for the 60 years of Communism celebrations. As happy as we were with the Hilton Beijing, we were slightly disappointed that we didn't get a full five nights here as this is an incredible hotel. It is very new so very clean and modern. Rooms are huge (we had a standard room) with a super king bed, flat screen TV and DVD. Bathrooms are lovely with separate shower and shower (Grohe fittings).Breakfast is the best hotel breakfast I've ever had. Huge variety and lovely setting.Staff are incredibly, incredibly helpful and friendly. Go beyond what's required to make sure you're happy. Good standard of English.Location is close to metro stations and Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City etc. Shopping centre with all the chain stores located about a one minute walk away (including a really good supermarket).	
Oct 27 2009 	It was really great	I've choused this hotel due to the many accolades from Trip Advisor's users. Well, Trip Advisor users were correct. This is truly an exceptional hotel, providing excellent value for money. For approximately $ 180 per day (an early purchase order without refund), we got a huge and magnificent room at the 7th floor (as described here before by other users). Here should be added, that the price included free access to the executive lounge, where we got rich and luxurious breakfast and generous evening refreshments (between 6 - 8:30 pm), which certainly can be used as a substitute for dinner. The team is very professional, courteous, all speak English and are happy to assist. Two small faults, which do not change the general impression: 1) The acoustic insulation between the rooms needs improvement (there was a significant noise from the shower in the adjacent room). 2) You have to pay for browsing the Internet from your room (free use at the executive lounge, with their computer or your laptop). In conclusion: a delightful experience. Highly recommended.	
Oct 23 2009 	Very comfortable in superb location	The Hilton Wangfujing is in a superb location a couple of blocks north of the Wangfujing metro station just off one of the main shopping streets and a short distance from Tiananmen Square. Its a little hard to find on-foot, as it is in a back street as part of the Macau Centre behind the Sun Dong'an Plaza mall (Nike Store).The lobby was small but the staff were fine - although when I asked for assistance travelling in the city, they struggled a bit at translating a location from English script into Mandarin. The room was exceptional - a huge comfortable bed, sofa, desk, all amenities (toiletries, coffee/tea, safe, iron, tissues etc), and a luxurious bathroom that had a standalone bath with sliding wall to open entirely into the bedroom. Breakfast was comprehensive and service was excellent. Overall, its the room quality and central location that wins the day at this hotel. Very impressive.	
Oct 21 2009 	Location is the only Face-Saver	We stayed there for 5 nights. The small lobby was dark and cold (not to be confused with cozy) . One night they had the fire place going, the atmosphere was suitable for a haloween party. The concierge was attentive and provided us with details regarding restaurants bookings. Have never gotten used to the smoked-glass partition in the bathroom. It is not just the Hilton Wangfujing, its with all the hotels that have this glassy setup. The floor of the shower stall was dirty and slippery and water leaked out of the shower door after each use. The carpeted area was also filthy in need of a good shampoo. The furniture was Scandinavian hybrid, Ikea cheapo. Despite the large flat screen TV and the one touch curtain opener, the room had a 5* pretender feel, as fake as the merchandise sold on Wangfujing Street. The price of the buffet breakfast was out of this world, 250RMB/person for your standard fair. Are you kidding me? They had an executive lounge on the penthouse serving food and drinks. We never did find out what was being served there as we were not staying in an executive room. Despite the construction surrounding this hotel, it was close to Wangfujing Street, the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, the NCPA etc. If you value location, then this might just be the hotel for you, but forget about the buffet breakfast unless it is included in the hotel rate.	
Oct 19 2009 	Amazing Rooms	Stayed in a standard King deluxe and was impressed with the size of the room, walk in wardrobe and the toilet with a seperate room housing the tub/shower area. The value and luxury of the standard room easily beats the equivalent at the Westin, the Shangri-las and the Grand Hyatt Beijing. Everything is also very new since the hotel has only opened for just over a year. Cons were the location of the front entrance which is in a side street overlooking construction. Many taxi drivers also do not know this hotel and get confused with the old Hilton on the 3rd ring road. Also the lack of free internet (which the Shangri-la hotels offer) was a drag.	
Oct 4 2009 	Best city hotel for the money!	My wife and I stayed at the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing for 8 nights in September so we got a good feel for the hotel. Our check in was flawless and we even received an upgrade because they told us our room category was booked. After we were given the free upgrade to a higher room category, we were offered access to the executive lounge for approximately $44 US per day for the two of us. The value of this option probably depends on the individual. For us we were very happy we were offered it. The lounge had a computer with internet access, free buffet breakfast including omelet station, afternoon tea and desserts, as well as two hours of drinks and appetizers in the evening. Here are some pros and cons of the Hilton:Pros-The room was clean, spacious, and the bed was very comfortable-The location is outstanding-The staff was very friendly, especially the women in the executive lounge on the 16th floor. -The indoor pool area was beautiful but didn’t go in-The fitness center was small but well equipped and very clean-Although pricey for China standards, it was a great value for usCons-Although the location is outstanding, getting taxis was sometimes a challenge due to the placement of the entrance of the hotel (opposite side of the busy Wangfujing Street)-No casual restaurant with few vegetarian choices -Minor but the DVD player didn't work, and the one they tried to replace it with didn't either, so we just used our small portable one We loved visiting Beijing. Based on the reviews of Trip Advisor’s forum, we hired Chinese Qing as a tour guide for three different days. My wife and I always believe a guide helps enhance the experience, especially in a country we don’t speak the language. Qing was informative, professional, and very courteous. Qing took us to all the major attractions we wanted to see, and never pressured us to into shopping at stores she wanted to pick out. In fact, she gave us some tips on buying when we went off on our own the following day. One note, do the Temple of Heaven and the park early on the weekend if you can. It was fun seeing all the activity in the park. Qing also showed us where to get great massages for like $15 US for an hour and it was only a 10 minute walk from the Hilton. It wasn't your typical spa type atmosphere but my wife and I both agree the actual massage was up there with the best we ever had. If you like a firm massage, they have blind therapists who really work the muscles good. Qing's e-mail address is [--]. You can private message me if you would like more info. There was only one piece of advice that I received on trip advisor that didn’t pan out when we were there. Most people said you should just print out the name of the hotel’s address in Chinese and give it to the taxi driver. Three different times, the driver couldn’t read the directions because they didn’t have their reading glasses and several other times they just didn’t know even after they read the directions. To get back to the hotel we basically just said Wangfujing and then directed them when we got close which generated some laughs on both ends. Second, the hotel is new and like I said above, the location of the entrance confuses people, so it came in handy to have the phone # for wherever you are going as well since they can call and talk to someone who speaks their own language. And finally, there were times where we gave the cabby directions to a restaurant, were let out and still not near where we needed to go, but we didn’t know that until we were out of the cab. We were told that most of the addresses for restaurants just have the street name without the exact address. Plus we were told that a lot of the cab drivers live far outside the city and don’t know it very well.One restaurant we would recommend was the Sichuan restaurant on top floor of the mall adjacent to the hotel. The fried rice, noodles, and the seasoned potatoes were great!If you do the Jinshanling-Simatai Great Wall tour/hike, do the zip line at the end. I am afraid of heights, but was glad I did it. What a rush!Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Wangfujing Hilton and next time visiting Beijing we would return for sure.	
Sep 26 2009 	A surprisingly great hotel in a gem of a location	I wouldn't normally book into a Hilton as it's not a hotel chain I've ever felt the urge to use but this hotel is only about a year old and it's absolutely amazing.The location is second to none - down a little side street just behind Wangfujing main shopping area and the mall which not only has a great little supermarket called &quot;Ole&quot; but also Starbucks, Pizza Hut and loads of other food outlets which is good to know if you don't get on well with the food in China.The rooms are huge... we had 3 tvs (one in the bath/shower room), a walk in wardrobe, 2 sinks in the bathroom, separate shower, desk area, living area and a massively comfortable bed with 5 pillows.The service is outstanding. Everyone speaks good English and they're all really helpful and friendly.We didn't get breakfast with our room but we tried both restaurants on the 5th floor and they served excellent food. The Chinese restaurant wasn't over priced at all - drinks cost more than food! - and the European/Macau restaurant was priced as you'd expect for a 5 star hotel.Gym/Spa: A fairly small gym but one that was clean and modern with enough equipment to comfortably have 10 people working out at the same time. Didn't try the spa but the pool was exquisite.I guess the only slight negative I could mention would be having to pay £10 a day for broadband internet although there is free wireless in the lobby.All in all, a truly wonderful hotel that I would love to stay in again and one that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.	
Sep 22 2009 	Amazing Stay Service and close to everything !!	My beautiful new wife and I have just returned from our honeymoon and stayed at the Beijing Wangfujing. WOW !!!We were a little worried we may feel a little bit like the odd men out, however the staff; from the doormen to the admin staff and concierge, all the way up to the cleaner are second to none- we felt so comfortable in our surrondings and looked forward to returning to our little home away from home every evening.Other reviews are correct- most taxis will not know the hotel, and although the official address is on Wangfujing Lu, it is actually a block east and a bloc north, so taxis are often confused- however if your taxi guy gets flustered, just say Wangfujing Lu, hop out at the top and enjoy the short stroll to the hotel.We were instantly upgraded to a suite on arrival, and waiting in our room was a massive chocolate cake, and the concierge had set up the ipod (yes, the room has an ipod dock and it's own ipod shuffle), so our first hour was spent enjoying some Celine Dion (and by enjoying Celine Dion, I mean we plugged in our own ipod and cranked Nirvana), and overlooking the beautiful view.We were on floor 9 I believe, and there was no music or construction noise- altough the worksite seemed to be in motion 24/7- a testament to the fact that China is a hard working and dedicated nation.The rooms are plenty spacey and have everything you could need- whilst the mini bar is of course ridiculously price as you would expect- we just drank the mini bar dry and then stocked up at the supermarket directly across the road on Jinbao Jie, and were able to restock the bar entirely for the cost of one of the hotel's cans of coke !!!At every step of the way, every staff was friendly and we were always greeted as &quot;Mr and Mrs&quot; which made our honeymoon a special time indeed- we were constantly being cngratulated by staff and all were genuinely excited for us.Location is perfect- a short 1 km walk and we were at the forbidden city/ Tiananmen Square. A 1 minute jump over and we were in Beijing's premiere shopping street, and in a little over an hour we were walking the great wall at Badaling.There is plenty of street food nearby, and of course the obligatory McDonald's, KFC, Starbucks and all those other commerical franchises we try to avoid by coming to China in the first place- but that said, there is very little choice for a decent coffee, so we found an early morning KFC run to scratch our caffeine itch.And finally and most importantly, I must let you in on a little secret- one of Beijing's great Peking Duck restaurants remians hidden and virtually unknown- AND IT IS RIGHT IN THE HOTEL:On our last night in Beijing we decided to celebrate our one week anniversary by introducing my wife to &quot;real&quot; Peking duck. I have lived in China as an English teacher and always raved about real Chinese food as opposed to our often westernised Chinese restaurants at home in Australia. After reading many a positive review for &quot;Quan Ju De&quot; duck restarurants in Beijing, we headed down to Wangfujing Lu to have a romantic dinner- the restaurant just off the main street looked beautiful out front so we got dressed up and traversed the stairs to the restaurant...We were shocked upon the realistaion that the stairs and entrance were the only clean part of the restaurant- the floors were filthy, the staff unattentive and disinterested and there was a very strange smell in the place- still we kept an open mind as you do in China and sat down- we looked through the menu for a few minutes rather excited at our pleasant dinner, whilst harbouring doubts, and at that point our waitress arrived with dirty western cutlery in hand, then coughed a chunky sounding gurgle DIRECTLY onto our cutlery and then placed them in front of us- we waited for her to leave before scooting out of there.Heartbroken that we may miss out on our special meal, we decided to regroup at the hotel, and went downstairs to the Hilton's &quot;Chynna&quot; Restaurant- and found that they indeed served Peking Duck, so we gave them the hour's notice they required to prepare, and then came back to the restaurant to enjoy dinner.It was 9 o clock on a Sunday night and we were the only people in the restaurant- the staff had checked their computer and seen we were honeymooning, and hat set up a candlelit booth for us- my wife ordered a nice rose champagne from their massive wine list and they proudly presented the bottle to her before we ate the most incredible meal we have ever had. EVER.The chef comes out and carves the duck at your table, and it was incredible. We also ordered some dumplings, rice and other bits and pieces, and we both agree that the service, the food, the setting and the night was perfect. The meal, for a full duck, several main courses and a bottle of French Champagne was around 600 RMB, about 100 bucks AUD or 70 USD. So instead of wading through the reviews of Quan Ju De, make sure that you realise that it is a franchise part owned by the Chinese government, who aren't exactly averse to manicuring their treasures- whilst the setting at said restaurant is &quot;authentic&quot; and &quot;the real China&quot; and all of those cliches you hear from travel agents and local expats- for the same amount of money you can enjoy world class cuisine at Chynna, at Hilton Wangfujing.The best hotel we have ever stayed at. Period.	
Sep 21 2009 	Out of 20+trips to China this is by far the best hotel I've stayed at!	As the title says, I've been to China a lot - about 2 dozen trips over the last 20 years. I had a business trip, so my wife and I added a few days of vacation to the trip. We picked the hotel based on reviews here, and we could not have been more pleased!As others have said, taxi drivers tend to not know where the hotel is. They all know Wanfujing, but this hotel is only about a year old, and faces away from the main street, so they have trouble finding it. If you don't speak Mandarin or know your way around, it would help to have written directions to hand to the taxi driver. Once you get to the hotel, take a card from the concierge with directions back to the hotel.The service from the bellmen, the front desk, everyone you see is wonderful! The only weird thing was that apparently the entire staff wears matching t-shirts on Fridays as a team building exercise. It looks a little casual, but the service doesn't suffer.The important thing - the room! The rooms are large! The actual bedroom part is normal sized, but the desk/sitting area adds on to the size, and the bathroom area is huge, with a tub and separate shower. The beds are VERY comfortable! Anyone who has been to China can attest to the beds there, so you will know how nice these are! There are two TVs in the room - one in the bedroom, and a small one to watch while in the tub, or at the sink. Electric curtains are a nice touch, too!Some people have commented on the openness of the bathroom. There are hidden sliding doors that can be used to give you a little privacy from anyone else in the room. The only place you might not have privacy is the glass wall between the shower and the water closet.The closet is a walk-in (walk through) closet that is the largest of any hotel room I've ever stayed in. There is a place to hang up clothes, drawers, shelves, room for a couple of suitcases, and a large safe (roomy enough for two laptops). The closet and the entire room use mirrors very well to make the room seem even larger than it is.The pool is gorgeous, too! We never used it, since we were busy out and about - there's too much else to see in Beijing! The spa and exercise room were very nice too. There is also a nice garden area on the roof outside the pool.We stayed on an executive floor, which was a calculated upgrade. Yes, it's more expensive, but it includes access to the executive lounge, which was more than worth the difference. The breakfast buffet upstairs was every bit as nice as downstairs, and included everything in the large buffet, but in smaller quantities. In the evening, there are free hors d'oeuvres and cocktails - enough to make a meal (food, not drinks!). All day the lounge is open with coffee, tea, and soft drinks. Also, while the internet in the room is an additional charge, the wi-fi in the lounge is free all day. The lounge is well worth the extra money, especially if there's more than one in the room.Speaking of money, I was able to get a very good rate by planning ahead a few weeks and using the pre-paid option on the Hilton website. There was a buy one night get one night free deal, and this room was less expensive than some bad hotels. On the way back through town we stayed one additional night at more normal rates, and it was still worth the money.Rambo and everyone else at the concierge desk was very helpful in arranging tours, giving directions, etc. There is an upscale mall out the door and down a block to the right. If you continue straight through the mall you'll find yourself on Wangfujing, a nice pedestrian shopping mall. If you want to do some shopping for cheap goods, you can get a taxi to the Silk Market or some of the other areas for better shopping.I'm sure I've forgotten something, because there's so much there. If you have any questions, please let me know. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - it's not only the best hotel I've stayed at in China, it's very close to the top of the list of the best hotels I've stayed at all over the world!	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location	I just wrote a lengthy review and, then, lost it because I couldn't remember my TripAdvisor password. Ouch! Therefore, this review will be noticeably shorter.Briefly, excellent new hotel, excellent location,very helpful English speaking staff... highly recommend it. Relatively new Director of Operations, Philippos Arghirides, who we met by chance one evening in the Executive Lounge, really understands what is required to meet customer expectations and appears to be working hard to do so!FYI, while in Beijing, taxis are quite reasonable, i.e., approx. $20 to and from airport, $12 or less will take you to almost any place of interest in Beijing, but subways are extremely inexpensive, clean, safe and interesting.... approximately 30 cents one way, regardless of distance. Try them.Encountered an English speaking taxi driver, Mr. Ma. Very helpful; very interesting fellow. You might call him to at least pre arrange trip from airport to your hotel: tel. no. [--]. Very few taxi drivers speak English so good idea to at least have directions, written in Chinese to hand to the driver, when you arrive at the airport.	
Sep 7 2009 	Simply Amazing!	I stayed in Hilton Beijing Wangfujing in August for 7 nights. I originally bookes another hotel, but switched to the HBW because of the 2-for-1 sale. And I have to say I did not regret making the switch!The hotel is designed in scandinavian style. Some might find it a bit cold, but me and my spouse liked it a lot! The service in the hotel from check-in to check-out was the best we have ever had. All the staff in the hotel were really helpful and nice.I booked a deluxe plus room. The room was in the 7th floor and it was really specious and modern. 3 TV:s (with about 8 English-speaking channels), wonderful motorized black-out curtains, huge king-size bed, a walk in closet with a safe, two sinks... and the rain shower was unbelievable! I wish I had one at home too!I don't know what the fuss about the bathroom in many comments here is about. You could close it off from the rest of the room by using the slide doors. And we had no problems with the light switches (they are in the nightstands). The air-con worked really well, although it was a bit too cold in the beginning but after learning to use it for a couple of days, it was all good.The hotel also has a 24-hour gym (a bit on the smallish side), a pool with glass windows and a &quot;garden&quot; (a grass patio on the 6th floor). The breakfast was very nice. Nothing special compared to similarly priced hotels. The selection was wide and the food tasted good. But then again, that was expected.The staff, as I said earlier, was very helpful and friendly. And what's most important, they all (don't know about the cleaners) spoke English. The concierges at the hotel entrance helped getting a cab and told where we were going to the drivers if we wanted us to. You should also get a business-card from the hotel with the address of the hotel to show the taxi-drivers when going to the hotel. Taxi drive from the airport to the hotel cost only 85 rmb. And the driver found the hotel easily.I can warmly recommend this hotel!	
Sep 2 2009 	OK but not fantastic	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights between 17 and 20 July. For the first two nights we stayed in a room on the 6th floor, only to be kept awake by the noise from the nightclub on the 5th floor. We complained on the second night and were informed that the hotel was fully booked and they could not assist. On the morning of the 3rd day we were moved to a higher floor and from there things were better. I cannot understand how a top-class hotel can inconvenience guests by having the nightclub blaring until around 1AM – something I would not have expected from a world-class hotel. Other than this issue, our stay was fine. The food was good, restaurant selection was fine. I do not appreciate the design of the rooms, i.e. where the toilet is not specifically private from the rest of the room (wonder why it was designed that way?), but Aletta did enjoy the bath being in the middle of the bathroom and visible from the rest of the room. The purple duck on arrival was a nice touch (we had two since we changed rooms). The area around the hotel is a construction site – not really suited to a nice hotel like this, though we were not impacted by any construction noise. The concierge and the staff at the front desk and the taxi stand were very helpful in all respects – they speak good English, unlike the other places around China that we visited.We found the pool to be quite cold – would prefer it to be warmer.Do not be fooled by the taxi driver from the airport asking for USD 100 – it should cost you around RMB 100 (around USD 18) from the airport.All in all not a bad trip to the Hilton Hotel in Wangfujing – just make sure you ask for a room on a high floor to avoid the nightclub. This is the only reason that I have given an overall rating of average, otherwise I would have gone one rating higher.	
Sep 1 2009 	Amazing stay!	We spent two nights at the Hilton Wangfujing. Originally booked a Deluxe room under the 2-for-1 offer but was upgraded to a suite because there were no available Deluxe rooms when I checked in.The room is amazing. The biggest and most spacious hotel room I have ever seen, comfortable bed and pillows, a well-stocked minibar, huge LCD TV, DVD player (with free DVD rentals) and the rain showers and bathtub... Need I say more? The only issue I have to address is the amount of light switches that are in the room. It can be quite a struggle trying to switch on/off the lights that you want.Service is good as can be expected from a hotel of this caliber, the staff are happy to obliged with your requests. Location is perfect, a short walk to the Wangfujing shopping area and Tiananmen Square, really useful if you are trying to catch the flag raising in the morning. Breakfast is good, with a wide selection and freshly squeezed juice.In all, a really enjoyable stay, definitely my first choice next time when I am in Beijing.	
Aug 26 2009 	Simply divine	We spent a week here with our two young children. This is a wonderful hotel - there is no doubt about that. We booked a deluxe plus room on their 2 for 1 special at a cost of AU$150/night including breakfast, and couldn't believe our fortune. They supplied a rollaway for one child, and we slept one on the couch and there was still plenty of floor space. The clawfoot tub was gorgeous, and the bed one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The staff are gorgeous, so sweet and helpful. We had a fantastic time. We loved that the APN mall was opposite, which made any shopping or eating we wanted to do while still jet-lagged very easy. The Beijing Hilton deserves all the accolades they get and I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Beijing.	
Aug 25 2009 	best hotel in beijing!!!	The hotel is perfect.The service is awesome, the rooms are almost perfect, enormous and with great views, the swimming pool is great with perfect views and with beds for relax.It has the best buffet breakfast that I have ever tasted, great variety and excellent details such as f¡orange juice freshly squeezed, chinese an japanese brekafast....The hotel is perfect located near major turistic attractions...Is the best Hilton of allt the world.It must be in the Travel and leiusre top 500 hotels!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing! Didn't want to go home!	Just got back from Hilton Wangfujing. It is new and the service is outstanding. As soon as you walk into the hotel, it smells like a flowery perfume...even in the elevator! The staff are very helpful with children (carrying strollers, giving snacks when they're cranky) and the concierge was very helpful when it came to directions, sightseeing and shopping. We rented free DVD's at 4am bc my kids were jetlagged. They have a great selection. The pool was a little cold but not a big deal for me. I did see construction outside but it never bothered me. It wasn't loud and I was used to seeing a lot of construction around that area. This hotel is still very new so the taxi drivers have a little trouble finding it but the hotel gives you a business card with a map so that should help. We ate breakfast buffet at Vasco's which was the best....fresh squeezed juices, fresh fruit, dumpling/noodle station and much more. We also ate at Vasco's for the Lobster buffet and it was very reasonable (about $25pp). It had lobster with different kinds of marinades and spices, lobster salads, etc. They also grill marinated beef, lamb, chicken, pork for you too. The lounge next door also had live music playing and they were very good. At the end of my stay, I was really surprised that my bill was less than what I had anticipated. Also, the rooms are amazing....modern decor and lots of space. They give you a pillow menu, 2 bottles of water a day, a great minibar...my kids loved playing with the curtains - at the press of a button, they go up/down and side to side. My extended family got an upgrade and their room was even better and more spacious. We loved it here and felt like VIP all the time....even with the kids. Sometimes with kids, it's difficult because they can be noisy or annoying to others but the staff truly made our stay wonderful and were so good to our children. Also, my husband went to go see the Great Wall by himself in a taxi and we were expecting it to cost about $100 US but the concierge came outside with us and negotiated the price and we never even asked! I thought that was so nice of him....The location is excellent. We were right near the Night market and saw all those scorpions being cooked. The Wangfujing area is the place to be! We went to XiuShui market for shopping...it's about a 10 minute drive. I cannot say anything bad about this place....I hope I can go back again soon!!	
Aug 23 2009 	Great Hotel great location	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The rooms are large, modern, clean and very, very comfortable. The staff, pleasant and helpful, offered a great service. We had breakfast included with the rooms and the choice and quality of the food was excellent (Chinese, Japanese, Western). The pool is beautiful but the room and water temperature are a little cold so we used it only once. The location of the hotel is really nice, close to Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square (15 min. walk) and Wangfujing road for some shopping with our teens. There are also some Hutongs around where it's really nice to walk and taste some more &quot;traditionnal&quot; Chinese lifestyle. There is a shopping mall within a two minute walk from the hotel and surprisingly, on the 6th floor, there are a few very good Chinese restaurants. Of course this Hilton, even if located in the old part of Beijing, is American style with the comfort that goes with it. If you look for the charm of a more typical Chinese hotel, you should choose to go elsewhere. When we were at Hilton, there was construction around. Not so noisy but there seems to be construction everywhere (we've been in Shanghai and Hong Kong just before) which obviously kills the views.... Can't stop the progress I guess.	
Aug 22 2009 	Presidential Suite !	I booked a Premier suite communicating with another room for the children at the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing (6 nights in August 09).Upon arrival, we were told that the suite was not available for &quot;technical reasons&quot;, and that no other suite (with a communicating room) was available.And guess what: We were upgraded to the Presidential suite (together with a communicating room):257m²-2766 sq.ft, 16th. floor, 180° views on the city, a fully equipped kitchen, dinning area and living room, a huge round bed, jacuzzi, Bose surround, etc., etc., etcApart of our &quot;special upgrade&quot; ( I am Diamond), this Hilton is absolutely perfect:* top location bor both shopping and cultural visits* beatiful design* Friendly staff* Nice swimming-poolOn the bad side:* Noise from construction nearby* very small gymI will come back, also in a standart room !	
Aug 20 2009 	Review from a travel professional	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. We purely chose this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. It was an excellent choice. As we are HH Gold members we got straight away an upgrade to the Executive floor. The room was one of the best hotel rooms we ever stayed. The location of the hotel is fantastic, next to the main shopping area and walking distance to the Forbidden City. This is the first time we came to Beijing and we don’t have any comparison, but I believe that this definitely must be one of the best hotels to stay for business and leisure in Beijing.	
Aug 15 2009 	A great hotel (but price does matter)	My review is based on the fact that we took advantage of this hotel pursuant to a 2 for 1 promotion that Hilton was running in Asia. The rooms might otherwise have been too pricey.This is a well run hotel in a great location. It is a 5 minutes walk to Wangfujing street, a 10 minutes walk to Oriental Plaza/the Wangfujin metro stop under Oriental Plaza, and a 15 minutes walk to the Dongdan metro stop. The business center provided good service as did the concierge desk, though there were some communication problems from time to time (though these had nothing to do with the English language). You definitely want to take advantage of the hotel's limousine service to go to/from the Beijing capital airport if the cost is remotely close to a taxi (or if you are not budget conscious for whatever reason).Our hotel rooms were quite spacious, attractive, and full featured. Amenities were nice, too. There was construction going on next to the hotel, but the noise did not disrupt our stay in any way. If you go to the hotel within the next 6-12 months, you may wish to request a room away from the construction. The hotel has a very nice health club as well as an indoor pool which evokes memories of the 1930s given the way it is furnished.We did not use any of the hotel restaurants (a scan of menus showed they were expensive, though the food options seemed interesting), other than the breakfast restaurant that was part of the free breakfast included in our room rate. Service was quite uneven, but the food selection was very impressive with Western, Chinese, Japanese, and other cuisines being offered.There is a mall southwest of the hotel (2 minutes walk almost due west). It is run by Sun Hun Kai properties out of H.K., though I do not have the name. It is worth visiting a) because of a very good &quot;food court&quot; on the top floors, b) a movie theatre, and c) a number of choices beyond the usual Louis Vuitton shpos that populate high-end malls in Beijing.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fantastic!	I have just returned from an 11 nights stay at the Hilton with my boyfriend. It was an absolutely fantastic hotel in a superb location. The main Wangfujing shopping street is just outside the hotel (through the APM mall which also has great shops and places to eat). The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square are both within in a 10 min walk from the hotel. The hotel staff were amazing and we received first class service throughout our stay. We stayed in an executive lifestyle suite which was beautiful and absolutely huge! The executive lounge was a lovely place to escape the hustle and bustle and relax with afternoon tea or cocktails and canapés in the evening. The breakfast was also extensive and served until 11am. The hotel also has 2 restaurants and a bar on the 5th floor which are all excellent and very reasonably priced for a Hilton. The Spa is also worth a visit. This hotel has everything you need and is situated in a great place to explore Beijing. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 7 2009 	HIGHLY recommend this hotel	This is a new hotel in an excellent location. The room was fabulous(true to pics) , the breakfast was extensive and the staff was incredible. The decor is modern, sleek and clean looking, and very chic. The room was VERY comfortable and spacious.You can walk to Tienaman Square and the Forbidden City. You are also steps away from the Wangfujing street shopping and market. And taxis are ready and waiting to take you where ever else you need to go... all the common sites are not too far. The furthest is the Olympic Village... but then it would be a bit further from anywhere in central Beijing. There are two subway stops a couple blocks away and the subway is very easy to use...signs and instructions on the ticket machines are in English.Highly recommend you go to a restaurant called &quot;PAPER&quot; Take a look at their website and you will understand why. It is a trendy, contemporary Chinese restaurant, whose food is excellent. We had their pre fixe dinner and they were pretty flexible in letting us say what we didn't eat and they came up with the selections based on that. Do yourself a favor and go there.	
Aug 6 2009 	Absolutely Best Hotel in Beijing hands down!	My partner and I stayed here towards the end of July 2009, sadly only for 2 nights, but we loved every minute of our stay. First of all, the hotel is located very close to many popular tourist sites, such as Wangfujing street itself, Tiannamen Square, The forbidden city, etc... It is extremely clean, beautifully decorated, with wonderful, comfortable rooms. the pool is beautiful - highly recommended. The staff were all extremely kind, friendly, and helpful with anything we needed help with, whether it was getting directions to sites, making reservations at restaurants, a late check-out or early check-in, etc... I really can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our stay here! The best part of staying in this hotel is the all-inclusive breakfast, that is included in the room cost. The breakfast was just amazing. Buffet-style, catering to all kinds of cultures - Asian breakfasts, Western breakfasts, cereals and oatmeal, tons of fresh fruit, eggs made the way you want them, cheeses, breads and cold cuts, the most delicious freshly squeezed orange juice, (and I can go on and on!). Needless to say, I would highly recommend this place to anyone traveling to Beijing.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great lounge great hotel	I stayed here with my girlfriend a week in July.This is probably the best Hilton I have stayed at ever and I have tried a few. Thanks to their 2 for 1 offer, I had booked an executive suite for 1.500 RMB pr night. The suite was on 7th floor and just great. Everyhting was in super shape, new and very big, even for a suite. Only bad thing was the view or lacking view. There was many english channels on the 3 tv's in the room.The executive lounge at 16 floor was just great. We had breakfast included in our roomrate, but we had breakfast in the lounge every morning. We talked about having breakfast in the normal restaurant, but couldn't see what more we could get down there.We also spend several evenings in the lounge just sitting and reading and talking and enjoying the service from the friendly staff. In the afternoon they had afternoon tea with a lot of cake and in the evening they had light snacks, including some hot meal, so we had our dinner here a few evenings, when we had walked too much during the day.One tip is to use the free wireless network in the lounge instead of paying from the room.Fintness room was normal and we didn't try the pool or spa. We didn't try any of the restaurants at the hotel, but they looked nice and probably expensive if I used the &quot;breakfast in the room&quot; prices as guidance.The staff was very friendly everywhere and helped with all our questions.The hotel is a few min walk from wangfujing street, so we took often a walk in the evening watching the life and people down there.If I'm going back to Beijing I will stay at Hilton Wangfujing again, for sure.	
Aug 4 2009 	Awesome Hotel	My husband and I caught the overnight train from Shanghai to Beijing for the weekend (he is working in Shanghai for a few weeks) and the service we received at this Hilton was incredible. We arrived at the Hilton at about 9am, but were not able to check-in right away, as our room was not quite ready. We were able to use the facilities in the fitness area to shower, etc after a long night on the train. Although we weren't technically supposed to be able to check-in until 1pm, they got our room ready for us quickly and we were settled in by 10:30am.After a weekend of fantastic services (as attested to by the rest of the reviews on this page), we were set to catch the overnight train back to Shanghai on Monday night. After having been officially checked-out from the hotel since about 8am that morning, they were still very accommodating nearly 12 hours later, again letting us use the fitness room showers to freshen up after a long day of sightseeing before catching our train.Overall, our time at this hotel was nothing short of perfect!	
Jul 25 2009 	LOVED THIS HOTEl	We recently stayed at Hilton Beijing Wangfujing and could not have been happier. We stayed on the 11th Floor and the room was beautiful, interesting and very comfortable. I loved the free standing tub with the flat screen on the wall in front of it! The bear and duck were an wonderful touch. We used the Executive Lounge every day and found it wonderful. The staff and nice and caring. We ate in the hotel at the Chinese restaurant and found it wonderful. We, also, had traditional massages in the spa and they were wonderful. I can't recommend this hotel enough!!	
Jul 22 2009 	fantastic new rooms wonderful service and what a promotion....	We loved this hotel - location location location, beautiful new rooms (although where are the light switches....?) and I have to praise Sandra at reception for all her help with the kids' beds, nightlife suggestions - we liked xiu in the park hyatt, shopping ideas (go to Sanlitun North Village and the market next door), and the promotion of one night for 2 was too good to pass up! Pool is gorgeous too - very romantic ..We also had a great dinner in Chynna!Just a further note - we also stayed in the Holiday Inn Express Temple of Heaven and the Crowne Plaza Airport in Beijing to see different parts of town and then get to the airport quickly for an early flight	
Jul 21 2009 	this has a lot to offer	This is a great hotel, it is new and have all the amneities that most other hotels are missing, large and comfy beds, autamtic curtains, a printer (good when you check in online at an airline), separate bath tub, toilet and shower and walk in closet even. as a hitlon frequent traveller i got access to the executive floor and this was really good and attentative staff there with good service and help. Next time i will be in Beijing i have found my favorite place, tthis Hilton. only complain is, that there were some noise from outside work area, but is not the fault of hilton...	
Jul 17 2009 	Unbelievable --- The best Hilton ever!	We stayed in the hotel in early July for 7 nights ... the first 3 nights I was there for business and they had all the facilities you're looking for. A great room of 60 sqm!, 24/7 Business Center, 24/7 Gym, seamless Internet in all areas, a grest lounge on the top floor, etc. Then my family joined for a long weekend and then the fun started, ... the most impressive pool for the kids I have ever seen, my wife got a great spa treatment and then our 2 kids even had a cooking class which apparently is happening every Saturday. I travel a lot and stay in many hotels around the world but I have to say, this property can match everyone and I cannot remember that I have ever stayed in a wonderful &amp; luxerious Hilton like this!	
Jul 17 2009 	Great hotel in great location	Stayed for a holiday visit to Beijing. Great central location, easy walk to some major sights like Forbidden City and short rides to other things.Room a nice size, just the base level room, was cleaned well and bed very comfy! Staff were good, concierge were great in helping me get directions for some places to go and also some suggestions on what to see.	
Jul 17 2009 	Perfect stay	This hotel is just amazing! The rooms are enormous and good value for money (eg, compared with similarly-priced hotels in Hong Kong) with huge plasma TV screens, ipod docking stations and cables for your own laptop/DVD player. There's an open-plan marble bathroom with a standalone tub and a two-headed, 2 person shower as well as a desk area and dressing area/lobby. Room service was great. The concierge team were wonderful - always smiling and very, very helpful. They will even haggle with taxi drivers for you to to take you on day trips such as the Great Wall. The location is great - less than 100m from the front door is one of Wangfujing's shopping malls, and it's around a 10 minute walk to the nearest subway station. There's even a lovely, chilled swimming pool with pretty sun beds and mother-of-pearl tiles.	
Jul 15 2009 	Insanely Amazing!	Cannot find fault with this hotel! Everything from the check-in to room to breakfast to staff....AMAZING! Everything about this hotel is 5 star. It is luxurious, crystal clean, overly friendly and helpful! We checked in after a 8 hour and then a 6 hour flight! My friend was throwing up and terribly ill! The staff were nothing but helpful going above and beyond their call of duty! They laid her down while they checked us in, gave her bottles of water etc etc. The 3 rd party business we booked through did not pass our reservation onto the Hilton and therefore they had no record of our stay. Not the Hilton fault at all but due to us having to wait for 2 hours in the lobby while they found a room, they upgraded us to a suite! It was beautiful! Automatic curtains, blockout, the bed was HUGE! Super King size! Comfortable! I cannot speak highly enough of this hotel, myself and my 2 friends all said we would go back to Beijing just to stay at the Hilton!!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Amazing Hotel - Hilton Website Doesn't Do It Justice	The Hilton Wangfujing is a GREAT hotel. The rooms are beautiful. Our room had a clawfoot tub, which was so nice to soak in at the end of a long day of sightseeing. The blackout curtains are amazing - and definitely a must since the sun rose at around 4:30am each morning. The staff is so helpful and most speak sufficient English to get you what you need. The concierge staff was especially great - recommended restaurants, things to do, etc. The hotel location is also good - only a 20 minute walk from the Forbidden City and just right out the door is Wangfujing shopping and the Night Market. A subway stop is about a ten minute walk from the hotel. There was a note in our room, apologizing for the construction noise, but we never heard anything at all - the hotel seems very well sound-proofed. We ate in the Portuguese restaurant one night - it was okay, but better food can be found in the city. We only ate there because it was late at night and we were exhausted and didn't feel like going back out. If I had one complaint, it would be that the pool was too cold.	
Jul 2 2009 	stay here!	The staff spoke excellent english, and the rooms were excellent. Air conditioning was great. The location is awesome. You can walk to the shopping mall in 2 minutes, eat at the many restaurants there. Or go through the mall and out to wangfujing st. And shop, shop, shop. The rooms are very quiet, and the noise from the streets are never heard. The breakfast is excellent. I have never seen such a large spread. And no matter how big your appetite is, it is not a problem. There is a nice gym, pool, and sauna. My friends had no trouble finding the hotel, and the staff were nice in assisting them in finding me. My friends being local chinese told me the staff treated them very nice, and they admired how beautiful the hotel was. The pictures I email to my friends in the USA thought I got them out of magazine. But nope, that was the room I got. Unbelieveably beautiful.	
Jun 30 2009 	Superp would not recommend anywhere else to stay	I had a lovely stay in the Hilton Wangfujing for 9 nights in June. The hotel is situated 2 minutes from the Wangfujing shopping area and is a short 5-10 minute walk to either Wangfujing or Dongdan metro station. The staff are especially polite, speak good English and are always ready to help you in any way possible. We had breakfast included within the price and it had every possible option ranging from a typical American style to traditional Chinese. The newly opened pool is very elegant especially at night. I did not get around to try the gym but it looked to have a variety of equipment. We tried the hotel bar for one drink but like most hotel bars the price is very high. As I did not have my laptop I used the business centre, it is a bit pricey for the internet, about 3 pound per 10 minutes. I would definitely recommend this Hotel, the location is perfect and other than the cost of the internet/drinks I cannot fault it one bit.	
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Hilton Beijing Wangfujing is about 25 KM from the beijing airport. Taxi are easily available at airport for the hotel. Rooms are very spacious and very well decorated. Location of the hotel is such that you can go to ant place in the beijing like forbidden city, summer palace etc.Restaurant in the hotel little small but offers a great variety of food.I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jun 29 2009 	Excellent location facilities and services - highly recommended	I stayed in the last week of June 2009 while attending a conference. The location is excellent - the pedestrianized Wangfujing street and malls are a pleasant locality to stay in. It is a ten minute walk to the Wangfujing subway station and about 20 minutes to the Forbidden city.The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished; the bathrooms are large with separate shower stall, commode and bathtub. All usual facilities [safe, minibar, internet etc] were of high quality and in good working order. The breakfast was excellent with wide choice of items. The staff was courteous, helpful and fluent in English.For visitors requiring halal food, there were a number of eating options within a short walk.All in all, a very positive and pleasant experience.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great hotel - Great location	We stayed five nights this month (June 2009) and were quite impressed with the hotel, location and staff. As previously mentioned, it is in a great location for vacation travelers. The APM mall is immediately next to the hotel with a higher-end pedestrian mall just outside the APM. Both APM and the higher end pedestrian mall have great eating and shopping options (note, the night market with its crazy food vendors selling bugs and other vomit inducing fare is nearby). This is a new hotel with great amenities, nice indoor pool, acceptable workout facility and several expensive restaurants. If possible, upgrade to the club level for free breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails with appetizers. Otherwise you will most likely eat at the mall or other lower priced areas near the hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Faultless	My family and I stayed in the Guest Deluxe Plus Rooms and it was just gorgeous. The staff here are amazing and breakfast is very delicious!The shower here is brilliant and the bath is extremely relaxing!! My kids loved the purple ducky and played with it through out our holiday!The beds are great and the curtains work a treat - no sun!!We also had an airport transfer and it was very smooth and efficient!It's less than 2 minutes away from all the shopping and the nicest hotel we stayed in while we were in China!i	
May 17 2009 	A contemporary elegant hotel in the heart of Beijing with beautiful rooms and superb service	This is a brand new hotel in the heart of Beijing, within easy walking distance of the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. The hotel is quite contemporary and elegant. The rooms are very large with muted earth tones, wood floors with carpets, spacious marble bathrooms, and friendly, helpful service. Indeed, the entire staff seems to go out of its way to be helpful. The Executive Lounge on the 16th floor is well stocked with food and alcohol (no charge) and the hotel has a good selection of restaurants (the Chinese was superb). The rooms rates by U.S. standards are moderate, as were the rates for concierge arranged private tours. The hotel is a bit hidden off a main street, but if you have the hotel desk at the airport write down the address in Chinese the taxi driver should have no problem finding it.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Location but Very Expensive Restaurants	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Wangfujing on Hilton points for 9 nights in April. The hotel is new and construction is not completed to the mall adjoining the hotel. Also, the pool and spa were not open at the time of our stay. They said another month or two until it would be open.The hotel's location is perfect just behind the Wangfujing walking street with a large shopping mall just next door that has six floors of shops and restaurants. If you cut through the mall, you come out on Wangfujing. The mall has a Pizza Hut, McDonalds, Dairy Queen and Starbucks if you crave American food while you are away. The Beijing hotel at the end of Wangfujing has an Outback steakhouse and is a five minute walk away. The rooms are very large and clean. Crabtree and Evelyn bath products are provided. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Everyone at the hotel spoke English, so it was not a problem. The only issue that we had was with the cost of the restaurants. The breakfast buffet was not included in our room even though I am a Diamond member with Hilton. The first morning we went down to the third floor for breakfast and, while the selection was good, it was also $35 a person. The next morning we opted for danish and juice from room service which cost $24. The Chynna restaurant was very good, but it was $100 for a basic meal there as well. The only thing that was reasonable was the drinks in the bar which also had live music most nights. Overall, this is an excellent hotel choice as it was a ten minute walk to the Forbidden City and you had a lot of restaurants and shops very near by. I would suggest either getting breakfast included or going to the adjoining mall to Starbucks or the French Pastry shop unless you eat a very big breakfast. For dinner, the Western Sichuan restaurant in the Oriental Plaza mall was very good and quite reasonable for the quality.	
Apr 30 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	My son and I stayed at the Hilton Wangfujing for 3 days. We had a great time in BJ. The staff at the hotel was friendly and spoke English well.. The hotel room is beautiful . Our room was large. The bathroom was wonderful, there is seperate shower, and a large tub in the center of the bathing area for those who like bathes. A small TV is mounted in the wall .(.to relax in the bath and watch your favorite program). There is a large screen TV to watch in the room as well as one in the area over the desk (total of 3 tv's in the room) The bed is comfortable and plush. If you are a Gold Member, on the Executive Floor breakfast is served daily as well as afternoon tea time and evening drinks and snacks. There is a computer for your use or if you have your laptop free wi fi.The staff at the hotel goes out of its way to help you.We had a driver to get to the hotel, however on the way back to the airport we used a taxi.cost between 110 -120 yn. Very near the hotel is a shopping mall and on the other side is a pedestrian walk way to stroll with shops along the way. We took a tour so I cannot say how far it is to the Forbidden City or Tenneman Square, but it seem close. I would like to say a Special Thank You to the Executive Housekeeper Selena for the tips she gave us concerning the Markets in BJ. She took time to write out the information for us in English and Chinese.I did not eat at the hotels at the resturants or use the gym.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice Hotel good location small gym	Stayed for 2 nights in April 2009 for business. Typical nice Hilton in Asia. Big rooms. Rubber duck in the tub was a nice touch. As invited to by the tag on it, I took it home and my daughter liked it too, although she wanted to know why it was purple.Hotel is located behind mall on the famous Wangfujing walking street and about a 25 minute walk to the Forbidden City (5 minute cab ride if no traffic). Close to lots of malls. To access Wangfujing, you just walk through the mall to the street during business hours. The closest mall has a Starbucks, KFC, and various Asian restaurants. Also has an expensive foreign supermarket in the basement.Gym was the smallest I've seen at a Hilton though. Only a few free weights and treadmills.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Experience	I have stayed at No.8 Wangfujing East Street , Dongcheng, Beijing 100006, China for 4 nights. The hotel is magnificent and I have never experienced such incredible service before in China. The rooms are very well layed out and I stayed on the executive level with its own concierge and club lounge. The breakfast was lovely, fruits, continental spread with cheeses fruit pastries etc. Restaurants were great and was the room service and housekeeping.Overall I would say this is the best hotel I have every stayed in China on business. I would strongly recomend this to all on business and also on holiday / vacation. This is just 2 miles away from the famous silk street, toys market and other shopping areas.	
Apr 21 2009	My Favourite Hotel in Beijing	I have stayed in the Beijing Wangfujing Hilton twice since it's opening, just prior to the Olympics. My regular accommodation for many years was the Hilton on the 3rd Ring Road, itself an excellent Hotel.Although the Wangfujing Hilton is still a &quot;Work in Progress&quot;, I have been extremely impressed with all aspects of this Hotel.Pickup from the Airport is first class, as is the limo transport to and from the Hotel.The Rooms are large and quiet, the decor is of course new and in places show a rushed installation, but all facilities work well.Information affecting Guests is well presented, timely and accurate.The food in all Restaurants and the Executive Lounge is excellent but of course the Staff are the jewel in the crown. Without exception, all Staff with which I interacted on both occasions, spoke good English, were smart, professional and totally dedicated to Customer Service.I cannot speak too highly of this Hotel and would recommend to all.Ritchie StephenNew Zealand	
Apr 19 2009	Stylish Spacious Comfort.....almost perfect!	Having read reviews on this site, we chose to stay at the Hilton Wangfujing for 6 consecutive nights at its guaranteed lowest prepaid B&amp;B rate for a deluxe twin room. Upon check-in, we received a room upgrade to an enormous lifestyle suite featuring a walk-in closet, 42-inch LCD flatscreen TV and a balcony. Unfortunately, the balcony doors were locked I suppose for guest safety reasons due to on-going construction work of the Macau Center complex and a building opposite. You can see dust settement from these projects and will need a thorough cleaning anyway. The 45-minute taxi ride from Beijing Capital Airport to hotel was 120RMB during Friday afternoon rush hour traffic, tolls and tips included.Hotel is conveniently located behind a side entrance to the new multi-level APM mall which faces the pedestrian-only Wangfujung shopping street with an abundance of shops and restaurants. Starbucks and Ole supermarket are located in the basement of APM mall. Hotel neighbors include The Pennisula, Regent and Legendale which looks like it belongs in the center of Paris. Also within easy walking distance is the Wangfujing subway station and The Forbidden City is about another 10 minute walk away. Along the way on Chang On East Road, you will discover a modern and exquisitely maintained Chinese garden tucked behind the street wall that stretches for about two blocks in the Forbidden City direction. Perfect spot for photos and escape from the busy road traffic.Nice touches in room include power-drawn curtains, bright LED night lighting in the toilet stall, powerful dual shower heads that swivel with rainfall jets from ceiling. Both stalls are separate and behind smoked glass doors. There is also a stand alone soaking tub where you can indulge and watch shows from a smaller LCD TV integrated behind the bathroom wall, complete with its own remore control!Breakfast buffet-style begins from 6:30am at stylish and well-lit Vascos restaurant with lots of standard East/West selections. Our favorite is the freshly cut fruits, chilled juices, and flaky chocolate croissants. Oh, not to mention a cook-to-order omlette station. About 210RMB inclusive of 15% service charge per person. You are better off opting for a prepaid B&amp;B rate at time of booking.Hotel staff were very helpful and courteous at all times. Most spoke English well enough to understand and carry out your wishes. Can't wait to return once the Macau Center is completed. If you can forgive the minor room workmanship flaws, this is a fine choice for your Beijing stay.	
Mar 29 2009 	great service and food	new hotel with great rooms. Staff was ready to help at all hours and business centre very helpful. Would be nice to have free interent in rooms and now only free in lobby and on business floor. Nice fresh flowers in lobby and very helpfull conceiarge.	
Mar 23 2009 	Impressive and great location but not 100% yet	This was my wife and my first trip to both Beijing and China, and following a little research decided to stay at the new Hilton Beijing in Wangfujing. We sped through immigration and customs at the huge, new Beijing airport and caught a taxi from the official taxi stand at the front of the airport. The journey took about 40 minutes in moderate midweek, mid-afternoon traffic and cost 100RMB (@ 11 GBP/14USD) including the 10RMB toll. We had already pre-printed a note in Mandarin and English, thanks to a FlyerTalk colleague, that said ‘Please take me to the Hilton Wangfujing, address…..etc’ and the driver had not problems finding the hotel. If you would like a copy of this note, please feel free to PM me. The Hilton Wangfujing has been open since last summer but is in a ‘soft opening’ phase, generally meaning the hotel isn't fully open for business; perhaps some of the rooms aren't furnished, the restaurant isn't open, or the pool not yet been built. In some cases, the building is ready but the staff needs to be trained. But in return you do often benefit from lower prices and fewer visitors particularly off-season, as Beijing is in March when we visited. I believe the official launch is planned for late July 2009. Before booking I had read a number of reviews that complained about construction noise, particularly at night/early hours, so given that we were staying for an unusually long 11 nights I emailed the General Manager. He was apologetic and assured me that this had been addressed and that all night work had stopped, but construction at the hotel and nearby was on going during the day.As we drew up, I feared the worse. The lower floor is surrounded by construction hoardings, there was a lot of work, dust and noise going on the Hilton itself as well as two very large construction projects on two sides – one a new hospital. These seem to be in early days and have several months to go. I believe in the Hilton they are building a shopping Mall (‘The Macau Centre’) on the ground floor, whilst additional work is being done (offices?) on floors 2, 3 and 4. The entrance is at the back of the hotel in a side road, which is probably what confuses most taxi drivers, however don’t blame the Hilton for this as we found taxi drivers generally useless at finding places! As we drew up we were greeted by the ever-cheerful doorman/concierge, Henry, and as we entered the lobby any fears soon melted away. First impressions were striking, the hotel has a large lobby with very high ceilings, polished stone walls and floors with the odd carpets and a central decorative fireplace. To your left are the reception and concierge desks, whilst to your right is a large waiting/meeting area of plush sofas and tables, as well as a café/patisserie and adjoining lounge room called ‘the Library’; although this is really just a business meeting place IMHO. There was no queue, as one might expect mid afternoon off season, and we were greeted warmly by the charming Asst Front Office Manager, Eden, who also personally showed us to our room. As Hilton Honors Gold members (and probably also because it was quiet) we were upgraded to one of the new Deluxe Plus rooms, which was a welcome surprise. We also were given Exec lounge access, although I believe breakfast and managers cocktail hours access come with this room as standard; you’d need to check first. As exited the lift on the 8th floor, the plushness of the lobby continued with thick carpets and wood panels – continuing the same colour scheme as the lobby (and also the rooms) of beige, black, dark browns, smoked glass and a mix of light and dark woods. However, the best surprise was on entering the room – stunning. I’ve stayed in some top hotels across the World and for a first impression this was one of the most jaw-dropping. Wow. First off it was huge (62SqM) - as opposed to the normal and exec rooms of 50SqM) - with a desk/work area with its own LCD TV, a sofa (we though this might double as a kids bed but on second thoughts I very much doubt it) and table area, a vast (and very comfortable) bed, a walk in wardrobe, a walk in bath/shower room, separate WC and an open plan double wash basin area in between. However, it is worth noting that panels can be drawn across this area for more privacy from the main bedroom. This was without a doubt the best Hilton room I’ve stayed in by a mile and was much larger than some so-called ‘suites’ I’ve had in the past. The actual suites at this hotel must be monstrous. We thanked the manager and set about exploring the room – as you do! Apart from the sheer size, exceptional cleanliness and modern design, it was the little touches that you notice first. The varied lighting, all accessible from panels either side of the bed, ranged from all lights on, to select reading lights, mood lights and even a night light that shows you the way to the bathroom/door in the night without disturbing your partner (or, as I did, whacking your leg on one of the tables…ouch!). Additionally, there are both curtains and a semi-transparent blind that can be drawn across the window, again, both controllable electronically from the bedside panel. Like kids we had some fun playing with that for about 5 minutes. In front of the bed is a large 42in LCD screen with mainly local Chinese channels but also a handful of English language ones: HBO, AXN, CNN, BBC News, Discovery and National Geographic. I have to say though that the programming on these was pretty substandard and it would be nice if the hotel invested in some others. However, additionally, there was a DVD attached and a large library of films that you could select from the concierge, or watch one of the cheap ones you picked up in town. Notably, there was an HDMI lead also that one can use, as we did, to connect your HD camcorder to the screen and watch the day’s home movies. If you don’t have HDMI there was also three phono cable connections (video, sound L/R) that could be used. Apparently, you could also connect a digital stills camera via USB but we couldn’t work this out for the life of us and frustratingly all instructions were in Mandarin. If the hotel could make all this simpler it would be nice as it was quite complicated to sort out. By the ‘office’ there was also a plug panel with various A/V and plug connections but ours was broken and one of the front panels had even come off the power plug which was a little concerning. These minor teething points I’ll comment on later. At this point I’ll also mention, for the last time you’ll be glad to read, the huge comfy bed (complete with little Hilton Wangfujing teddy bear sitting on a pillow – nice touch).The bathroom was also impressive, and included a deep, free standing roll-top bath – complete with squeaky plastic duck (nice!) and mini LCD screen (although ours didn’t work or only showed the Hilton promo channel with no sound), a dual head massage shower and a ‘rainfall’ shower. All three encased in a polished stone and smoked glass wet room. Simply heaven.By the front door was the walk in wardrobe/closet which had the usual electronic safe, several large drawers and a show stand. There were a handful of hangers, but I would say that the hanging area was rather small for a longer stay and we quickly ran out of space for coats, shirts, pressed trousers and jackets. Another modern touch is that the ‘Please do not disturb’ and ‘Please make up my room’ notices are electronic lights that can be switched on and off from the door frame, as well as the usual plastic coated door hangers.So what about the rest of the hotel? Having raved about the room, perhaps its time to get the big disappointment out of the way; the pool/spa on the 6th floor. We were aware that the pool would be opening in March, but wasn’t open yet and for a long stay, perhaps too long for one city, we really really would have welcomed a break from sightseeing by using the pool, however even by the time of leaving it was still closed, fully finished but awaiting a license. Talking to the staff, it seems unlikely to get it in March and they were hopeful for April but one had the feeling from the resigned staff that it seemed to be an ongoing saga. I would double check its status before you go if having a pool is important to you. However, we did take a sneak peek with the attendant which really stuck the knife in because it looks truly fantastic. A large pool in a similarly sized enclosed space with light from floor to ceiling windows as the side, surrounded by loungers with deep, red cushions and even a cabana or two. I could have dived in there and then. I’m sure this will be a key feature when it finally opens….ho hum. Next to the pool area was a surprisingly small gym that I used once or twice only, with standard Hilton Precor equipment, 3-4 running machines, a couple of rowers, some free weights and a couple of bikes and steppers. Bottled water and towels in the room, but no music that I could find, so take your iPod. The gym is open 24 hours.Executive lounge: The lounge is located on the 16th (top) floor of the hotel and is one of its strong features. Larger than some lounges I’ve been in, it is decorated in much the same way as the rest of the hotel, with a handful of sofas and tables, as well as standard dining tables and chairs. The lounge staff were very friendly and the service was excellent, if a little too attentive at times. Lots of trainees in there learning their job. There is free WiFi and also an internet computer in the corner. Breakfast in the lounge was superb and hugely varied, including the standard Hilton cooked Western breakfasts, cereals, juice, fruit and pastries, but also lots of Asian foods, cold meats, cheese, cakes and even a full honeycomb. Something for everyone and more. A chef is on hand to whip up eggs however you like them as required. During the day, refreshments are limited to teas, coffee and soft drinks, with a variety of small sweet and savoury snacks available mid afternoon. In the evening, unusually there is no bar, but a managers ‘cocktail hour’ that runs from 18:30 to 20:00. This is the only time alcoholic drinks are available, although there is a large selection of snacks to choose from, including freshly cooked chilli king prawns on a Thursday night. Fantastic if you want to try some truly delicious local flavours, although mainly seafood based. It’s a shame this is the only time drinks are available as I prefer to go out and eat early evening, indulging in a relaxing night cap later in the evening when I return, without having to go to the formal main bar or delve into the hugely expensive mini-bar – why do hotels still bother with these? The executive lounge has windows on three sides with good views, peaking between neighbouring buildings and when the smog lifts, of the sprawl that is Beijing; including a little corner of Tiananmen Square and a few of the buildings in the Forbidden City. Nice, but given the neighbouring buildings, not as great as possibly hoped. The 16th floor is also home to some of the executive rooms and suites, although most of these are smaller that the deluxe plus rooms. Out of interest, if booked on to this floor I might not like room 1616 which is right next to the lounge and kitchen, nor the neighbouring 1615 and 1614 which open out on to the lounge entrance and lifts. However, those that have stayed there can better tell you about noise, footfall and privacy.Restaurants/Bar: The hotel has two restaurants and one bar on the fifth floor, which is also shared with the conference/business facilities and rooms. When we were there only one restaurant, ‘Chyna’ (Chinese menu), and the bar ‘Flames’ were open, although the menu from Penta the second restaurant (Portuguese/Chinese fusion) was available in Chyna. The restaurants were large and beautifully designed, with continued excellent service as one would expect. Surprisingly for week day nights and off season there were quite a few customers in Chyna, where we ate two or three times. I have to say that we tried the Chinese menu and the food was delicious, I highly recommend you try it. Price-wise a meal for two with wine came to about 400-700 RMB (@50-80 GBP) which I thought was pretty reasonable by home standards, although dining out in Beijing is very cheap generally and so is perhaps a little pricey locally; but we didn’t mind at all as your really didn’t feel you were in a hotel restaurant. A couple of niggles though. The bill includes a non-optional 15% service charge, which I don’t mind if the service is good, but I was told by the staff that it does NOT go to them as tips, but is part of the restaurant profit; therefore there is a line on the receipt for tips as well. If true, I think this is very bad practice on the part of the restaurant and something that is being stamped out publicly in the UK. The second point is perhaps cultural, and that is that smoking in bars and restaurants is still common practice. We were seated next to a table of six businessmen one evening who puffed away like chimneys the whole evening and so we asked to be moved straight away. If smoking does bother you, then the restaurant is more than large enough to ask for a non-smoking area. Perhaps they could consider setting a formal non-smoking area aside for when it does get busy in the future? We didn’t try the bar, Flames, as it always looked empty had a typical ‘Lost in Translation’ type lounge act crooning away and quite frankly looked over-‘designer‘.Then again, I suspect that the bar isn’t aimed at residents – at least not your typical solo businessmen or traveller. One gets the feeling that they would like this to be a trendy local bar attracting the trendy, well heeled young Beijing crowd, similar to the Sanderson or Met bar in London or the W and others in NYC. Already, I saw local business networking nights pencilled in for April etc. However, I really don’t know if it will achieve it. All those bars mentioned are directly accessible from the street and ground level, whereas this is hidden away on a hotel’s fifth floor. Happy to be proved wrong and I’m sure they’ll push it heavily, but it does alienate guests on their doorstep in the meantime. Of course, it may just be me and I’m getting old!Location: For a tourist the location couldn’t be better. Located behind the APM mall on Wangfujing Street, the hotel is in the centre of town with the tourist shopping district and the infamous night market with a variety of scorpions, sea horses, centipedes and other creatures on sticks and ready to eat – if you’re brave. I did see a young French couple trying fried scorpion, but heck they are French and if it moves they’ll either shag it or eat it. Within 10 minutes walk also is Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, with Bihai Park and Coal Hill a slightly longer walk if you fancy it. However, cabs are very cheap in Beijing, most journeys in central town from the hotel are between 10 and 30 RMB, whilst longer journeys like the Summer Palace or Olympic Park are about 60-80 RMB depending on traffic. Make sure you use a proper taxi with a meter and if possible take a taxi card with the destination (and your hotel) written in Mandarin – few drivers speak English. I’d also advise a map with English and Mandarin street names just in case. The concierge can provide you with both the maps and the taxi cards, alternatively we downloaded a good program for the iPod Touch and iPhone that has all the main locations, a speaking phrase book and much more as well. The business district is about 15-20 minutes by cab depending on traffic. For shopping, there are plenty of malls within 5 mins walk of the hotel ranging from tourist tat to Gucci stores and other high end shops. However, be aware that we found the prices to be much higher, perhaps 25-50%+ higher than in the UK or US for the same stuff, clothes or electronics. For cheaper goods, your fake designer gear and antiques, head over to the infamous Silk market, the Pearl Market or the weekend antique market at Panjiayuan. All within 10-15 minutes and 10-20 RMB by taxi from the hotel. Alternatively, there are two Metro stations within walking distance and for the second week we used this to great effect. Each journey is only 2 RMB wherever you want to go, it is very clean, easy to get around and the signs are in English as well. Highly recommended. Be aware though that pushing without waiting is common so get used to it. Likewise, they drive like maniacs so be careful crossing roads, cars will not and do not stop for pedestrians – even on designated crossings, so follow the crowd where possible – safety in numbers!So, in conclusion. I like the Hilton chains because they tends to be standard across the World, you know what you’re going to get – albeit it a little bland most times – and they are fairly well priced. More importantly I travel to many different countries and they are ubiquitous, which is nice for building award points. I rarely think of them as luxury, in fact I don’t at all. The Hilton Wangfujing is the first Hilton brand hotel (as opposed to Waldorf, Conrad etc) I have stayed at where I thought, ‘wow’, this is something special. It is not quite up to the upscale class and elegance of say a Peninsula or Ritz-Carlton, at least not yet, but instead has more of a boutique, Malmaison type feel about it. It doesn’t feel like your average business hotel nor is it a tourist hotel and, depending on your point of view that means it either falls between the cracks, or appeals to both markets equally. Given its location and if the prices remain reasonable, I’m struggling to see why you would want to stay at either of the other Hiltons in the city and it would certainly be very high on my list amongst other 4 and 5 star hotels. Service is excellent, for example, it was out first wedding anniversary and unexpectedly we came back in the evening to find the bed turned down with rose petals scattered on the bed and in the bath, incense oil candles, a beautiful anniversary cake and a card from the manager. Simply perfect and first class service. Thank you. But it is not without its faults, and to be fair, this could be expected during its soft opening phase where systems and wrinkles can be tested and ironed out. The lack of pool was my main regret, which would have been great given the long stay. However, there although it is the small details that make this hotel they can also be the ones that let it down. The service charge in the restaurant, the air con in our room didn’t work, broken plugs, TVs that didn’t work and poor finishing in the workmanship of the room – cupboards that wouldn’t close, lights that wouldn’t go off and glue marks across the glass panels, joins and walls. Nothing that is bothering in the slightest, but I guess it’s like taking delivery of a new Mercedes only to find that there are a few small scratches on the door and the stitching is loose in the seats. No doubt these will get sorted out over the coming months and given our generous upgrade I shouldn’t quibble. Equally, there is no construction noise at night, but there certainly is during the day from about 0830-1700, both in the hotel and outside. Not a problem for most who will be at meetings, sight-seeing or shopping, but if you do want to take a day out, catch up on jet lag etc then it was a pain. This of course will be less of a problem in the future.Because the hotel is not yet finished then I’m giving it 4/5 rather than full marks – hey, they have to work towards something! ? However, for all the minor negative but hopefully constructive comments this is an excellent hotel if you are visiting Beijing, particularly if you are an HH member. We loved the hotel; I would very happily stay there again and would definitely recommend it to others. Thanks for a great stay.	
Jan 20 2009 	Comfortable Great Location	Stayed at the Hilton Beijing Wangfujing for 3 days on an HHonors rewards stay. Hotel just refurbished. Upgraded to 16th Executive Floor. Amenities in Executive Lounge were great. Room was very comfortable. New Spa and pool were opening in 2 weeks and toured the facilties which are first class. Hotel adjacent to walking street and only 15 minute walk to Tianimen Square and Forbidden City. Hotel restaurants upscale and pricey. Lots of construction in the area and all of Beijng really. Some construction noise but not unreasonable. Taxi drivers had trouble finding hotel even with address written in Chinese. Suggest you carry a map with your location for Taxi drivers in addition to the Chinese address.	
Jan 13 2009 	Not ready for prime time	The Hilton Wangfujing is brand new, and while they are still working out the kinks, eventually this will be an excellent hotel. In the meantime, be prepared to be part of the staff training, which is more about form than function for now.As HH Gold, I was upgraded to the executive floor (16), and the rooms here are very impressive with a walk-in dressing area, and free-standing tub. Be prepared, this is a modern layout, with a (nearly hidden) sliding wall between the bed and the sink/tub area. The toilet and shower are in separate smoked-glass stalls, so I wouldn't want to share a room with someone I didn't know very well. The Executive lounge is well-appointed and roomy, and there was an impressive array of food both at breakfast and in the evening.The on-site chinese-themed restaurant is typically (for Hilton) pricey, but the food was very good (although overly fussy on presentation). Note that they add 15% service charge to *all* checks, but there is an additional line for tips. The service in the restaurant was excellent, and indeed all of the staff during my stay were very attentive and eager to help, although this may be partially due to the very low occupancy so far.Your cab driver won't know about this hotel because it's so new, and an address in non-Chinese characters won't do you any good. Be prepared with directions in Chinese characters, or provide the phone number to your driver at the start of the trip so that they can call to get directions from the staff. I arrived at the airport about 11pm, and my metered fare should have been about 160Y (around $20), but was slightly more since the driver insisted on taking me to the nearby Crown Plaza and seemed puzzled when I wouldn't get out. As a landmark, the well-known Taiwan Hotel is across the street from the back of the Hilton.Although the Hilton is in an excellent location (walking distance to major sites and a pedestrial mall), the entrance is on a small back street and faces a construction site, which may add to the confusion in finding it initially.And that brings us to the big caveat about this hotel - the adjoining construction site. For some reason, the bulk of the work goes on from 11PM to the wee hours of the morning, and the heavy equipment is not only loud, it causes the entire room to vibrate. I finally gave up on my second sleepless night and asked to be moved across the hall at 3am, which the front desk quickly did. I can't stress it enough: ask for a room away from construction. Obviously the management are aware of the midnight construction, and I'm upset that they didn't mention it when I checked in. I expect this will go on for some time; when I was there in early January '09, they were still moving piles of dirt around, so there's a long way to go.There's also construction still going on *inside* the hotel, although this is thankfully limited to business hours during the weekIn summary, this will eventually be an excellent hotel, but they're still working out the bugs. If you can get a good rate, I'd stay here again, but only if I could be assured of a room on the non-construction side of the building.	
Jan 11 2009	The best located hotel in Beijing!!	It was the second time for me to visit Beijing and a lot has changed since the last time I visited there. Many hotels had been newly built since then and I decided to stay at the brand new Hilton Beijing Wangfujing this time (mainly due to its location). The hotel is located in the most heart of downtown Beijing - Wangfujing and what I loved the most about was the easy access to the no-car, shopping district. With two small children in a pram, it's always helpful if the roads are well paved and streests are safe from cars and bicycles. After breakfast, we took a stroll around the Wangfujing area which was really interesting for the kids as well since there was a huge toy store just around the corner as well as many shopping malls. We were grateful that Wangfujing still maintained many of its old forms in houses and shops - took many lovely photos. We stayed on the Executive Floor and had a pleasure of enjoying Executive Lounge benefits, and the services were just really good. Everytime the staff saw our kids they were very friendly to them and had all the child-friendly amenities. My older one was busy playing with the Wii we've borrowed from the reception while her dad took a dip in the newly opened indoor swimming pool. Thanks to a well equipped hotel and a good location, we had a hassle free holiday in a big city!	
Dec 5 2008 	Nice Place but Thin Veneer	We stayed at this new property from 16-20 November. Upon arrival, we noticed they were still working on the property and the pool and other amenities were not ready. The rooms themselves were cavernous and nicely appointed. We had two connecting rooms that overlooked the city with reach around views of the Forbidden City. Upon closer inspection of the room, one quickly noticed the haste at which this place was constructed.The seperate shower (quite nice with a rain tile ceiling) leaked profusely into the adjacent comode area during a shower. The wood panelled walls were slapped together and wood-colored putty was used to fill in finish gaps which clearly stood out. The alcove for the future fish tank had exposed wires that were showing. Additionally, the headboard consoles which contained lighting were not properly secured to the wall and one could simply pull it down and see the exposed wiring.None of this was a real annoyance and I can understands the property's willingness to open before the Olympics.My biggest complaint was the temperature of the room. It was roasting hot at all times. Even with the windows open, no help. The thermostat didn't do a thing. Even when engineering came to assist, they couldn't get the temperature down either. The rest of the hotel was perfect in regards to temperature. Oh well.Bell staff was excellent, concierge English was not good, but most others was great. Location great and adjacent to new ABM mall along the Wangfujing pedestrian road and Night Food Market - a must see for the whole family.The Lounge was excellent with great breakfast in the morning including all of the American specialities including eggs made to order. Staff very helpful but getting coffee or tea sometimes took too long.Once they iron out the quality issues in the rooms, this place will be top notch.	
Oct 7 2008 	FABULOUS!!!!!	Perfect Location.. close to everything.. The hotel is brand new just opened for the olympic in july so the rooms were just A M A Z I N G !!!!!!!!!!!!!! each room have a really modern and elegant boutique hotel style!!!! LOCATION is perfect.. only 2 min walk to Wangfujing ( the perfect shopping location ) and a couple minutes walk from Tiananmen Square..The 2 restaurants are just EXQUISITE!!! the service was also very nice. One of the restaurant is called VASCO's and i really recommand to try its unique cuisine, Portuguese Spanish style from Macao... the other restaurant is more elegant and the decor is just fabulous!!!!!!We really loved to have a drink at the bar. the view was stunning.. we can see the Forbiden city by night.. it was so romantic... the hotel is very quiet.. and not to big in size so we really felt like it was a really cozy place.. Weve been travelling a lot in Asia and We really recommend this HOTEL..	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Hotel excellent service	Attentive service, collected from the airport by hotel car, escorted from the plane, was treated like royalty, hotel only been opne for four weeks with only 125 rooms ready for occupation, about 20 rooms occupied when we were there hence practically on our own with staff everywhere, could not fault the service. Great central location, 10 mins walk to forbidden city and Tiannamen Square, loads of shops nearby. Beijing very expensive (same as London) for most things	
Aug 31 2008 	???? ?? ???. Hilton Beijing Wangfujing		
Nov 18 2009 	Beijing		
Oct 8 2009 	chambre à couper le souffle!		
Sep 25 2009 	Impossibile chiedere di meglio		
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent		
Aug 12 2009 	EXCELLENT		
Mar 23 2009 	??????????		
