Sep 17 2009 	A good comfortable hotel in a city that is changing before your eyes.	I stayed at this hotel for a few nights and found it very pleasant, the room was very comfortable and spotless, I even had my own chinese dressing gown and the view was interesting with the ten lanes of traffic and young lads stopping buses with red flags.The breakfast was a mixture of eastern and western and was nice, the loby area contains a bar which was relaxing to sit in at the end of the day and is not expensive for a four star hotel. The staff were pleasant and the whole hotel was spotless really.Regarding the location, the hotel is situated on one of the ring roads that circle Beijing, which is such a massive City, if you are on a tour this will not affect you, the nearest underground is a very long walk away but taxis are cheap and can take you to all the sites like the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, Tianamen Square etc.If you leave the hotel on foot and walk past the KFC parallel to the road for about fifteen minutes you will come to an area the contains a pocket of Beijings fast disappearing hutongs (which are like little houses in very narrow lanes) where not so long ago the whole of the city was populated with these dwellings, only here there is no guided tours for westerners. I also came across an interesting market in the same area which was pretty big and there were all kinds of things on sale, again with the area around the hotel being so far out, this was purely for the locals and I got some currious looks here but not unpleasant. With the pace of change in Beijing I doubt that this kind of place will exist in this city for much longer.I forgot to add that opposite the hotel on the other side of the ring road there is a nice restaurant, I can't remember the name but it is up a flight of stairs, you will have to walk to the crossing to get to it.	
Jun 12 2009 	great hotel for the price	have stayed at plaza many times over past 5 years, always go back as it is great value for money, very clean, modern, great massages, food so so but when in beijing you should be eating at restaurants.	
Feb 18 2009	Liked it very much	Stayed for three nights as part of a tour. Had two room keys so it was handy if two of you needed to come back at different times or to leave one in the room so that the air con stayed on. Rooms were very warm even with air con (think some one moved rooms because of this). A thick duvet on the bed, as with most of the Chinese hotels we stayed at. Room not particularly big but clean. Kettle and tea/coffee sachets provided. Lighting quite dark, various spotlights, no main ceiling light. Slippers even replaced. Fun to watch the ten lanes of traffic or so if you’re on that side. Had a massage card put under the door!Didn’t see many shops of interest, but there was a handy petrol station - turn right up the same side of the road - selling a few basics. The off-licence the other way seemed to want to rip tourists off - told us bottled water was about 4 times the usual going rate. Go to the petrol station instead, fixed prices and they sell beer! KFC right outside the hotel.Breakfast room was very busy, food was nice - excellent banana bread/cake.Can send postcards via the concierge by the front desk, although always dubious when you hand over the money and they say they’ll put the stamps on, most arrived but one didn’t.Had a few goes at trying to change travellers’ cheques at reception as the person who dealt with the exchange was away from the desk on other business, but managed to do so in the end - but thought a £2 sterling charge on a £50 cheque a bit steep.	
May 21 2008	Much better than Hotels in UK	As a frequent traveller I was very pleasantly surprised by just how good the hotel is. The room was quiet, pleasant, well equipped and clean and the staff most friendly and helpful. In the UK I have spent many years having to stay in upper range hotels for work and finding a quiet room where one stood a chance of a good night's sleep was, in cities, very difficult. The 6.30 a.m. start for breakfast was spot on (unlike many UK hotels where they are never ready on time). I was the only foreigner who dined in the Chinese restaurant and the food and the service was just superb. Although not in the very centre of town it is only a short and very cheap taxi ride (considerably less than a bus fare for a comparable journey in the UK) took me to where I wanted to go. I would be pleased to stay there again.	
May 12 2008 	Nice !!	The hotel is very high standard - staff are very friendly and have good english. Hotel is spotless and all amenties are excellent. rooms have all facilities and are really good.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great Value	I have stayed in this hotel a few times. Pro: The rooms are very nice and modern. Staff is friendly. It's is quiet. The breakfast buffet is great. At below RMB 600 is. a steal.Con: The location is a bit inconvenient and it's a long long walk to the subway station.I will stay there again on my next rip!	
Oct 18 2007	Lovely hotel but chaotic breakfasts	Lovely hotel, great room, pleasant staff, free bottled water in room every day, but breakfast times were chaotic to say the least. Staff unable to cope at breakfast time on both days we stayed, They ran out of cutlery, plates, glasses, food on both mornings, staff were running around like headless chickens, lack of any managment seem to be the problem.	
Aug 14 2007	Not an ideal location	The hotel itself is great, and the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable, with a fridge and good size bathroom (with bath). Previous reviews have mentioned hard beds, our beds were fine, but our bed at home is hard anyway. We had an additional bed for our 14 year old son, this was fine, better that a lot of 'put ups'. They also give you a bottle of water for each person each day. Breakfast was plentiful and good, both Chinese and Western. Although the tea was luke warm, coffee was fine. The only complaint is the location of the hotel, there is nowhere to actually walk to. There are a few shops, mainly mobile phone shops and curio antiques. Also like all the other hotels it is on the side of the main roads. The dinner in the hotel was one of the worse we had throughout the holiday, we ate there twice. There is a cafe on site where you can buy cakes, which we did and they were quite nice. But salavation is at hand, there is KFC next door, and although they don't speak much English, they do have a menu you can point at! The only reason I would not stay there again is due to the location, nothing wrong with the hotel itself.	
Jul 16 2007 	Wonders of China	Very modern hotel, plenty of facilities, very good food!!!Hotel has got cards printed for taxi drivers so you can &quot;show&quot; them what you'd like to see in Beijing..There's too much to see!!!!Apart from climbing the Great wall, taking thousands of pictures in Forbidden city, Summer Palace, Tiananmen Square, walking down the Sacred way to Ming Tombrs with stone animals and statues on both sides...it is much recommended to hurry up and see the old Beinjing on rickshaws..before it's all destroyed for the Olympics..if you like your bargains..should go to many excellent markets, so much better than Turkish ones! (it's wrong but they're such a good quality it makes me wonder whether they're not stolen!!! :)	
Apr 2 2007 	Fair to middling	This is a China rated 4 star hotel located in the Chaoyang District. The room I stayed in showed visible signs of wear but was comfortable and clean. The bed was a typical China hotel bed; hard as a rock and not very comfortable. My stay was one night and I was not able to walk around outside but a map indicated that Curio City is not too far away though probably outside of walking distance.The hotel is on a busy street and street sounds could be heard 15 floors up. The breakfast buffet was average with a fair selection of food. When I ate at 7:30 AM, the seating was full and the option was to wait or share a table with strangers. This might be fine for those wishing to meet others, it can provide a grumpy morning start to others. There were a number of tourists seen at breakfast.The airport is located about 25 km away and it took approximately 60 minutes by taxi at 9 AM during a weekday with traffic.	
Jan 12 2007	wonders of china	Beijing is absolutely incredible, and our experienced was enhanced at our 3 nights at the Plaza Hotel. Excellent value for money, clean, super service, and a pleasureable manner with all the staff. They went out of their way to assist us with the food. We are &quot; Kosher&quot; &amp; they did everything to ensure that we had our meals without problems. Have only one small complaint, the beds were a little hard, but we were so exhausted from sightseeing that we fell asleep immediately. Very quiet, and a very nice Hotel. Thoroughly recommended. Met a lot of Israeli,s who had the same opinions as ourselves. Thank you Plaza Hotel for such an experience. We shall return.Anthony &amp; Gloria Hyatt Cardiff Wales. United Kingdom	
Nov 27 2006	The Plaza is a modern slightly better than a Holiday Inn business hotel.	Summary:The Plaza is a modern, slightly better than a Holiday Inn, business hotel. It is an inexpensive taxi ride away from most of Beijing’s major sites.When and why we stayed:Stayed for three nights in November 2006 during a Highlights of China tour.Cost:The hotel was included in the overall cost of our holiday.Room:Our room was clean and well furnished with new modern furniture. The large double bed was comfortable. Facilities included TV; tea &amp; coffee making facilities; Mini Bar; hair dryer; and desk. The bathroom was clean, with shower gel; shampoo; tooth brushes etc provided free-of-charge. Two bottles of complimentary water were left for us each day The Hotel: The Plaza is a modern business hotel. It has several restaurants, including Chinese, a coffee shop and Japanese restaurant. The buffet breakfast in the coffee shop was very good, with east meets west food: fruit; dim sum; cereals; noodles; bacon; rice; and cooked-to-order omelettes. Dinner for two in the coffee shop: soup; main courses; and beer cost 238 yuans.The hotel’s laundry service is excellent – it cost 30 yuans to get a pair of jeans cleaned. They were returned to our room within hours. The staff were friendly, spoke English far better than we speak Mandarin, and were helpful. When we had a problem with our toilet a repair man arrived promptly. Internet access in the business centre costs 2 yuans per minute with a 10 minutes minimum. Location:The hotel is situated on Beijing’s Third ring road. The nearest Metro Station (Guomao) at The World Trade Centre is a 17 yuans taxi ride away. To reach Tiannamen Square by taxi costs 35 – 40 yuans. There are few restaurants or shops in the immediate vicinity of the hotel. There is a KFC next door. Panjiayuan, Beijing’s biggest antique market is within walking distance of the hotel.The city:We were amazed how modern, western, and huge Beijing is. We were amazed to discover the city has 50 Starbucks. Katie Melua can never have visited Beijing. There are far more cars than bicycles on the city’s American-wide roads, which including its six ring roads are mobbed all day with motorised traffic jams. Must-sees within the city are Tiannamen Square; The Summer Palace; and The Forbidden City. The Silk Market on Chang’an Avenue is worth a visit for the lover of inexpensive high-quality faux designer gear.	
Oct 28 2006 	signs of old Beijing	I stayed at this hotel because of a conference i was attending here. The location was excellent, but the hotel is a bit old and dated, without particular charm to compensate. The hard beds were a real problem!Although the food was good, the breakfast arrangements were a bit of a shambles. I wouldn't have classed this as 5 star as it is advertised.	
May 26 2006	Good Hotel	We stayed here for several nights as part of a tour of China, so as the hotel was included in the tour, I have no idea of the price and whether or not it is value for money.The public areas are not as spacious as some hotels we stayed at in China, and the room was adequate rather than enormous. It was clean and well presented, however.The staff were helpful, and I used the internet in the business centre without diffculty and at a reasonable price.We only had a set &quot;Western&quot; dinner here, organised by the tour company, and this was a mistake as there was no choice and difficulties in getting alternative dishes. Buffet breakfast was very good though.The neighbourhood is a building site at present, and Beijing at this time of year was full of pollution, especially dust blown in from the Gobi desert.	
Dec 29 2005 	Excellent hotel food availability in hotel somewhat peculiar	I stayed at the Plaza Hotel from 30 Nov 2005 till 5 Dec 2005, while on a business trip to Beijing. The hotel is rated 4*. The hotel is very modern, well kept and certainly very clean. There is free high speed broadband available, both wired and wireless. The wireless beacon signal is somewhat odd. I could get the signal in one position, but if I were to move my laptop by just a centimeters, I would lose signal. Wired connection was great. As for food availability in the hotel, if you want to have room service, there are effectively 2 Oriental dishes available only (wonton noodles and tempura), even though the menu lists much more, As I stayed up till quite late each night to talk to people back in the UK, I often got hungry and became a regular for their late night wonton noodles. The noodles were OK, though I have had better in various parts of SE Asia.The hotel has 2 restaurants, one serving Western food and another serving Chinese food. In the Chinese restaurant, which was open from 1200 till 1400 and 1700 till 2100, some items on the menu were always &quot;sold out&quot; though the items available were excellent.Their laundry service was excellent. The stated &quot;regular service&quot; was return of clothes by 1800, though I got mine much earlier, by about 1300 for clothes that left my room at about 0930.I paid approx GBP 38 per night for the room.	
Nov 14 2005	Plaza very good	We stayed at this hotel for three days and were very impressed. Very clean, comfortable and modern rooms. The food was uniformly excellent, particularly the breakfasts which were some of the best we've ever had - juices, fruit, toast, bacon, eggs, cereals, tea and coffee, plus cold meats and cheeses or oriental foods.I would recommend this place without hesitation.	
Nov 6 2009 	?????????		
