	Nicely remodelled executive floors but toxic burning rubber smell made us think twice	All in all this is a pretty good hotel, the public spaces have been remodeled very nicely as well as the executive floors. The rooms were very nice on those floors, comfortable and clean. The only real problem was an extremely strong burning rubber smell in the hallways of those executive floors. It was so strong we had to run to the room covering our mouths. It was present in the room as well, but not too bad once you stuck a towel under the door. We brought it up to the staff, but as expected, they just shrugged and said it's not a problem. That worries me, they really don't seem to be concerned about details like toxic smells.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent experience	We stayed New World Hotel for 3 nights and liked it a lot. Their complimentary breakfast was they perfect way to start my day and features a variety of breakfast foods including: a bowl of noodle, fried rice, porridge, omelet, sausage, bacon, danish, toasts, cereals, yogurt and fresh fruits and much more. Also they served a variety of drinks such as coffee, tea, milk and fruit juice. The room was very clean and we were lucky to have the corner room which came with a large window and a beautiful view of the city. There is a small grocery store inside of the hotel where locates the same floor as the swimming pool. The prices are not as bad as I thought. All in all, we liked this hotel and will stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel good location highly recommended	The hotel is a little out of the way in the Chaoyang District, near the Chaoyang theater (right across the street). Easy access to the subway and 10 minute ride subway to Silk Market, maybe 15 minute to Tiananmen Square. The hotel is very nice, modern rooms with LCD TV's. The breakfast buffet was excellent as well, especially suited for foreigners. I personally like the street food outside for 2 Yuan, it's the real taste of Beijing. There is a small grocery market near by if you need any snacks. One special note about the hotel is that there is a convenience store on the 7th floor (one with the pool) and the price is not that far from the local market, Tsing Tao Beer for $4 yuan per bottle...	
Jun 3 2009 	New experience that gave me a bit of a different view	Last May I stayed in the New World hotel again. This time I stayed in one of the 2 room apartments on the 9th floor. First time I stayed on one of the executive floors and was very pleased with that room.This room was very different. It was not refurbished for a long time. Although the rooms were clean, they looked a bit dusty. Both rooms had (working) airco. The little kitchen was OK. I only used the fridge. Also the bed room was OK. The only minor point was that the internet connection was in the bedroom and not in the living room. Both rooms had a new television. On my request they also placed a dvd player in the room.The only major negative point was that the power outlets were UK style oulets, while I brought the new Chinese plug converters (EU -&gt; Chinese). The hotel only wanted to supply me one converter and no extension cable.The bathroom was big and clean. Only the warm water regulator in the sink was not working in the way it should. But that was not a big deal.In general the service was OK.	
Jun 1 2009 	Modern Well Located Hotel	Having refurbished its lobby, dining facilities and executive floors the hotel now offers a reasonably priced five star hotel in a great location in the CBD, providing you stay on the executive floors. Hopefully they will upgrade the other floors soon so it can compete with the extensive under-performing hotels in Beijing	
May 29 2009 	Hotel room advertising photos must have been taken when they first opened - don't reflect today's condition	I was horrified that our 5 star hotel was about the same quality of a no-name motel you might pull into in the middle of the night on the side of the highway. The lobby is nice, but we had to change rooms 3 times. They first put us in a 2 bedroom suite on the 9th floor. HA. I can't even begin to explain this suite. Definitely not one of the renovated ones. We're talking a fridge from the late 60s maybe and thread bare blankets. So we moved into another room. Just a regular room. It was filthy. Nail clippings and food on the floor at the end of the bed. Not just little specks but food chunks. The a/c was broken. The carpet may as well have been green shag, it was so old. It reeked of smoke. They came to look at the room when I called to complain and didn't even apologize for the dirty room. Called a maid in and when she argued with the manager that she had cleaned the room, he pointed out the floor. I was horrified. They moved us to the top floor, supposedly executive floor, and the room was tolerable. Same carpet, semi-updated bathroom, extremely stale smoke lingered, just disgusting. Decent breakfast buffet with wonderful service at breakfast. Concierge was helpful and polite. Front desk girls were slow and unhelpful with the rooms. Check-in took a long time. We might as well have thrown money out the smoke-sealed windows, it was such a waste. I would never stay here again.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good value	I stayed at the New World for two nights in a standard room. Although this hotel has had less than flattering reviews from its time before the Olympics but since it was renovated it has certainly picked up. The lobby is very bright and modern and is a welcoming sight on arrival. The check in process was simple and handled well by the friendly staff. The room was unremarkable but still very clean and comfortable with all the various facilities provided. The internet was free and fast. When I needed an iron and board they were promptly and politely delivered.. Since I did not have the meal option I did not use the cafe in the morning but one could see they certainly had all the facilities to provide a substantial buffet. Considering that I checked out at 9 AM (peak period) they could have had one more cashier on the job but nonetheless it was still fairly quick. All in all a comfortable stay and still within walking distance of China Trade Center and numerous other restaurants and hotels.	
Feb 6 2009 	Never again	At first impression, the hotel looks great. The lobby is newly refurbished - obviously for the Olympics. Upon entering their premises there were no bell boys and several people waiting to check-in and out at around 12pm. Their service was slow and at one point in time there were no staff at reception. I then took my luggage to my room and found that the rooms were not refurbished - only the lobby. The room suffers from poor lighting and bad ventilation. There was no hot water in either the basin or bath - just lukewarm, which really is unacceptable. The blow dryer was so weak that I might as well let my hair air dry. I also tried room service because there was nothing around the hotel. I ordered a club sandwich, which was tasteless and had no avocado even though it was listed in the menu. Overall, a very disappointing experience. I checked out after the first day despite original plans to stay for 2 nights.	
Oct 4 2008 	Completely Refurbished	I booked this room in June for two nights as I had gotten some corporate tickets to one day/night event at the Olympics. At that time, bookings were tough and rates were high. I paid rmb 5,0000 per night. Needless to say, as we got closer to the games, rates in general dropped like a stone.Some history on this hotel. It's one of the original 5 star hotels in Beijing and probably about 15 years old. In China, that's like dog years. It has been completely refurbished inside and outside including the rooms and common areas. They've actually done a good job and it's relatively tasteful. We got upgraded, no kidding, to a corner room and had a great view of the new CCTV building, known to locals as &quot;big shorts.&quot; If you ever see a picture of the building, you'll understand. The room was very nice, quiet and had all mod cons. Breakfast for the executive rooms was served on floor 2 or 3 in a very nice and quiet room. The hotel may have had very low occupancy due to their pricing policy and difficulties foreigners had in getting visas.The hotel is located near the the financial district and a good alternative to some of the higher priced options in this area such as the Four Seasons. It is also located right by a station for the number 10 underground line. Linking up to many of the sights can be done with greater ease than in the past. In the past 3 years, Beijing has added two additional subway lines, both of which go North and South, plus the airport line which is quite convenient given bad Beijing traffic.At their normal pricing, I'd recommend this hotel. I still prefer the Crowne Plaza in Dongcheng district but this one is better value, especially if you're traveling with family or on a budget.	
Jul 28 2008 	OK business hotel	Stayed at this Asian-businessman-type hotel at the suggestion of the Chinese tourist agency who arranged for our family of 5 first trip to China. The lobby is on the 3rd floor of an office building. You need to change elevator banks on that floor to reach the rest of the building. A little odd; but you get to interact with office workers as they go in to work...The week we arrived (July 5 2008) they were renovating the lobby and it looks lots better. The rooms are clean and new, though far from luxurious. The hotel (as most others in China) provide free bottled water in the bathroom (still can't drink the water yet if you are not Chinese...). We opted for the breakfast plan - which was good since otherwise we would have walked a long while for breakfast (or gotten something on the road - a vendor sells breakfast at the corner). The breakfast buffet was very good - providing both western and Asian food including made to order omlets). The big plus to the breakfast (we also had two good dinners there) at the hotel was the view -- the upper floor restaurant overlooks the magnificent China TV tower -- a six million plus square foot chair-like building that was just being completed as we ate our breakfast...Unfortunately I do not know how convenient the hotel was to the sites as we were picked up by our tour guide and driven from place to place. However, since the hotel is close to Beijing's World Trade Center, I can imagine it is a good location for business people.The staff speaks English fairly well - but it took 5 of them to check us in (blame the complicated Chinese regulations requiring laborious copying of passports and filling out of forms). Everyone was gracious and perfectly groomed with uniform like outfits.	
Nov 26 2006	Very disappointing	As a part of a tour group, we stayed in this desperately in need of a facelift hotel. The lobby is very grand, but it is the only part of the hotel that has received any attention in recent years. When we looked at our first room, there were cigarette burns and watermarks all over the thin carpet. It was obvious the carpet hadn't been vacuumed recently. Though we had requested a non-smoking room, we couldn't be accommodated. Our second room wasn't much of an improvement; the one positive was a recent vacuuming. It is not well-located as there is no nightlife nearby, making a cab ride a necessity. The breakfast buffet was poor with limited offerings, and the food was never hot. Tablecloths and chair covers often had stains. When a hotel uses the fact that it is the tallest in the city as its greatest claim to fame, that is not a good sign. Our entire group had the same concerns about this reputed five star hotel. Avoid at all costs.	
Sep 24 2006 	Good hotel with good location	Good hotel with a good location for shopping and dinning. The service is acceptable. English speaking staff, very friendly and courteous. Although the hotel is a little bit expensive for the room rate compared to the service and quality resp. cleanliness, but the rooms are acceptable and comfortable. Even the smoking rooms. The bed is clean and comfortable. The rooms look like they have never been reconditioned, that is the only disadvantage. The bar resp. cafe downstairs in the Lobby is quite nice and a good meeting place. The hotel staff and the waitresses/waiters are also very nice and friendly. The check-in is ok, so far. All in all a acceptable place to stay, with a acceptable service. Recommendable. The only real disadvantage at the time of my stay was the internet connection. Dial-up connection with a 56k modem. That was lousy. Don't know, whether they still have it or not.	
Mar 29 2006 	There is much better in Beijing	I actually stayed a few months at this hotel which is by the way the tallest building in town. For sure it's the one liked the least in Beijing. The rooms are not anything near 5 stars with their worn out carpet and tired furniture. The gym was acceptable but not what one would expect from a 5 star hotel. Service was very good, as in every hotel in China.With so many nice hotels I can't see why one would choose this one.	
Mar 22 2006	Not 5 Star But not terrible	I stayed for a week at the Jing Guang New World Hotel, in 2 different rooms (one on the 8th floor, the other on 21). The rooms were in about the same condition, which was not great. It appears that nothing has been replaced since the opening of the hotel. So, everything is worn, dirty, stained, etc. One trivial item is that each night we would have 5 or 6 business cards of not so reputable massage parlors stuck under our door. You would think a &quot;5 star&quot; hotel would be able to deal with that. The lobby and lobby bar are both very nice. The Japanese restaurant in the basement is pretty good, too. The gym is large, but the equipment is outdated.	
Sep 13 2005	Not quite 5 stars but...	My stay in this hotel had good and bad points...As some people have said here, the room was the low point. The room was generally clean but the carpet was badly in need of replacement, matted and soiled probably beyond any cleanability. The bathroom was generally clean but not all the rust stains were gone from the tub corners. The sheets were clean so that was good.The service was generally good--we really appreciated the business center's fast, efficient work in getting us air and train tickets for the further legs of our trip--a big help since we had had trouble negotiating the process for getting Chinese air and train reservations on our own (it's a weird system where a credit card can't get you a guaranteed reservation...). That's where the hotel lived up to its five star rating.The hotel offers a great wall tour service that it seemed to be the bellmen's job to sell. Consequently, they weren't very helpful in advising us about other ways to get to the great wall (e.g. the public bus service).Some of the charges in this hotel are definitely up to five star caliber--drinks from the mini-bar were 40-45 RMB, and getting 3 T shirts, 2 pairs of jeans, 3 pairs of socks and 3 pairs of underwear laundered cost me a whopping 360 RMB--about US$45.	
Jun 16 2005	What to see	Spent five nights in Beijing at the Jing Guang New World Hotel. Excellent. Of course you have to see Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. What ever you want to buy from the &quot;hawkers&quot; cut the price down to one third or less. Hats, postcards, some were selling for 2 and 3 for one dollar.The books on the area I am not really sure, but bargain, bargain. Take in an Opera, its not like anything you can imagine, but worth going to see. Take the Hutong tour and you may also get to visit with one of the families that live there. The family we visited has been there for years and it was wonderful hearing about who lived there. The Great Wall was unbelievable, prepare for a walk, a tough walk. And again &quot;the hawkers&quot; and stands selling there. Bargain, Bargain. A visit to the Summer Palace and the Panda place was worth the trip. Some out of the way places, Pearl Shopping Building and also a place our guide called The Knockoff Store. Both great deals, but Bargain, Bargain. One thing I noticed it was hard to get a Cold Beer. But finally found TGI Friday, that advertised &quot;cold beer&quot; and it was. A great trip. jonbarb709@juno.com	
May 3 2005	rooms were average	The rooms were at least 4 star. We stayed 3nights and rooms were clean, with no problem of soiled carpet or worn bedspreads. The bathroom was stocked with amenities, ex. shampoo, toothbrush and toothpaste. etc. The only draw back with this hotel is, it deals with large groups of tourists. The buffet breakfast was included in the price and it was ok, fruits, yogurts, cererals, danish pastries, bacon, sausages, pancakes, eggs. And of course the staff is always helpful. Overall this hotel was ok.	
Jan 4 2005	Rooms far from 5 star	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights en-route to southern China. It is rated as 5 star and it is fair to say that the reception area/lobby, lifts etc are very nice indeed and give the impression of 5 star quality. However the rooms are far from 5 star - in fact I have stayed in 3 star hotels in China that have had better rooms. The carpets were worn and dirty and the beds were soft and worn. Worst of all were the bedspreads which were filthy and threadbare. Fortunately these can be dispensed with and the bedding underneath (sheets and duvet) were clean. Had I paid full price for this room I would have been very unhappy indeed!	
Oct 26 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 4 2009 	???????????		
Aug 23 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 20 2009 	??????????????????????		
Jul 4 2009 	????????????????????		
Jan 9 2009 	??????????????		
Feb 10 2008 	Sicherlich kein 5 Sterne Hotel		
Nov 7 2007 	Bastante bueno		
