Oct 9 2009 	Very comfortable and very good location	Central Beijing accomodation. Comfortable clean with a standard Chinese service.	
Jul 28 2009	Very nice spacious.	The apartment that we stayed in was nice, and very large. There were 3 of us in an apartment with 4 single beds. The only real complaint was the beds were very hard and there were no utensils provided to cook/eat with despite there being a stove and fridge.	
Apr 25 2008 	Shabby hotel shonky management - avoid like the plague	My Chinese friend and I booked a two bedroom apartment with a double bed and two single beds.Upon arrival we were given an apartment with four single beds only. We complained to reception, who told us they didn't actually have any apartments with double beds. When we pressed them further, they admitted that they do have such apartments but had given them to other people (despite our booking). The carpet, beds and bathrooms were also in decidedly shabby condition, so we wanted out.Reception told us we could cancel without charge, but we thought it best to confirm this with the hotel site we had booked through.Various phone calls followed as we spoke to the customer service line for the site, who in turn spoke to the hotel, who in turn spoke to us. Meanwhile we also rang some places to find a different hotel in the same area. Eventually we found one, made a booking, and were relieved we wouldn't have to stay in a shabby place with the wrong bed configuration.But then came the snare. Our complaints and phone calls had, apparently, taken just over one hour, and the City Hotel informed us that, although we had not yet used anything in the apartment (not even the toilets), it was their &quot;policy&quot; that we would have to pay the first night's accommodation, because we had been in the room for more than one hour. They were willing, however, to &quot;negotiate&quot; this down to 100 yuan.Right...so we spend one hour trying to sort out THEIR failure to honour our booking, and they want to charge US for it? I've never heard of anything so shonky in my life. It was only through some very heated discussion and raised voices down at reception that were were eventually able to get back our deposit and leave without charge.Does anyone really want to stay at a shabby hotel with a management that fails to honour people's bookings and then tries to charge them for the hotel's own mistakes? Shonky, shonky, shonky.	
Jan 7 2008 	Awful. Stay away far far away.	was supposed to stay here for two weeks but cut the stay short after I just couldn't take it anymore.no proswhat made it that terrible?:no real lock on door. (see photo) someone kept trying to enter while I slept--only chain kept them out, but you can still see in.no one speaks English.there was cigarette smoke everywhere. (EVERYWHERE)staff encouraged strangers to sit with you at breakfast. (who would smoke and blow it in your face while eating)in order to reach the street access it was necessary to walk through major construction and what smelled like open sewage.I have never felt this awful traveling. Truly it was disgusting.	
Oct 10 2006 	City Hotel - Fine Hotel - Close to the action of the bars subway 	Stayed there while my apartment in Beijing was being fixed. Not 5-star, but better than many Beijing hotels. Next door to several good pubs, close walk (0.5km) to the subway and easy to get taxis for work meetings. Clean room and friendly staff made for a good stay. Also next to several great local restaurants that cater to foreigners. Subway is a great way to get to Tiananmen &amp; the forbidden city, Military Museum, and it's the fastest way to the west side of the city due to the huge traffic on the ring roads. If you want a no frills good room for a reasonable price, pick the City Hotel (Chung Shi Bing Guan in Chinese - all the local taxi drivers know it!)	
