Nov 17 2009 	Comfortable Hotel - But the area is not great	Billed as a 5 star, it's a perfectly comfortable hotel with really generous sized rooms . Staff are charming with a good command of English. Dining options are alright but they need to be more than that as there are no decent restaurants in the area. Stayed in West Beijing for a conference,but would prefer to stay more centrally if travelling for leisure as the area is not very interesting. But taxis are cheap so it wasn't a huge issue. National obsession with swine flu meant frequent temperature checks which was a bit bizarre.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very Nice reasonable hotel	We stayed at the Marriott West for an adoption homeland trip traveling with 6 other families. Rooms were large and nicely decorated and furnished. Had a great view of the CCTV tower from the window. I was hesitant due to location as I prefer to stay closer to the shopping and square but there was a Subway and Baskin Robbins in the front part of the property, a Pizza hut next door and a great noodle shop next door with picture menus. The staff was always helpful and kind and spoke decent English. The lobby itself was limited and small but not that big of a deal. The lobby did have Wifi access though. Breakfast buffet was also great. The location is only a ten minute cab ride to some major attractions so all in all I would stay here again. It was much nicer than previous hotels in Beijing we have stayed at.	
Aug 18 2009 	one of the hotels	compared to the other 5 star hotel, the lobby is not that impressive. otherwise, I have no other complaints	
Jun 12 2009 	Excellent Service	Hi There,I was at this hotel in Oct 2008 with Friends touring Bejing and must say that the hote was fabulous. The staff were friendly and informative. The location was a little out of the main city, but there were no issues getting around the city and downtown area. Also, the room and it amenities were excellent.	
Aug 8 2008 	Not Marriott Standard	As a frequent guest of Marriott facilities I would rank this as the worst Marriott property I have stayed at so far. The location is quite far and taxi is required, which can get tiring when you are fighting a 30-45 minute cab ride to get to San Li Tun district, which is were we spent most of our time. The other issue, well this property is in need of some upgrades and reno's. Our room had some weird sewage smell, we contacted front desk and we were upgraded but still the room felt a little tired. Staff and service were above average and no complaints there. Just issues around the condition of the hotel and the location was a little far for us.	
May 13 2008 	A Hidden Treasure	We stayed in this hotel as a family of four from February 5 to 10 during the Chinese New Year holiday. Even though the price of the hotel was attractive, I hesitated before I made the reservation because the location was a little odd and Beijing's traffic was notorious. However, this hotel turned out to be a very pleasant surprise for all of us. The room was HUGE by any standard. All furniture and bathroom amenities were very well maintained. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Everybody paid attention to details and was ready to reach out and make their guests happy. This type of service attitude is not very commonly seen in China. One example is, during our stay, we felt the air was too dry and I asked for a humidifier which they didn't normally provide. They instantly gave us one that looked like it was being used in their office by themselves. The only down side of the hotel is its location. Not only that it is located on the west side of the city while most other &quot;high end&quot; hotels are on the east side. That was not a noticeable problem for us during the holiday when traffic was light. The problem was, the hotel's main entrance was in the back of the complex. Cars must drive around the buidling to find the hotel. That leaves all guest rooms facing the northeast and not exposed to the sunlight during the day. If Marriott was the landlord of the buiding, I would think they retreated into this subprime part of the buidling to give the sunny spots to their tenants for higher rental yield. I asked the hotel staff if that was the reason. They told me no and explained they made the change years ago because a Fengshui master told them to do so for better luck and fortune! Well, maybe the Fengshui master was right. The weird half hidden entrance makes this hotel a hidden treasure in Beijing.	
Apr 21 2008 	Pamper yourself at the West!	My husband and I were looking for a place to pamper ourselves for a couple of days after a 2-week long business trip to Beijing and Shanghai. We had stayed at another Marriott in Beijing and were looking to spend another 2 days at the tailend of our trip before flying out. The Marriott website showed no availability, but through Orbitz we got a great deal ($200/night) on a lavish, HUGE suite in the Beijing Marriott West -- more than worth every penny. Could not have asked for anything more comfortable and satisfying! Huge multi room suite, 2 bathrooms, soft carpeting throughout, huge comfy king-size bed with lots of soft pillows, on the 17th floor near the Executive lounge with all its perks (free internet, full breakfast, happy hour with drinks and snacks, coffee and tea available 24 hrs/day, free papers, magazines, great service), very good, polite, friendly service all around at front desk, main door, and lounge. Only downside was the overpriced and moderate quality of the hotel caffe/restaurant, though the service was thorough and respectful. Many shops and places to eat with the locals within easy walking distance of the hotel. A bit dark around the entrance and parking areas at night, and a bit out of the way, but not as bad as I had heard or imagined. Taxis are easy and very cheap all over Beijing so no problem getting anywhere you want to go across the city for well under $5 total ... we rode up to an hour in a taxi at one time and spent no more than $3 ever. Plus no tips are expected and the drivers are doing their best to learn some English in preparation for the Olympics, or at least have signs and recordings offering some English. Also, any hotel staff and doormen are happy to help explain where to go, and most hotels offer business cards with handy phrases and locations to visit written in both English and Chinese, to communicate with the drivers, etc. Great hotel and great quality for the price. We would stay there again anytime.	
Mar 19 2008 	Loved this Place!	I booked on marriott.com. It was my first time to Beijing, but the front desk made me feel at home. I went there last week for 4 nights, and I was tired from the time change. The front desk associate offered to help me with my bags becuase there was no bellman in sight. They were all presumably busy. The breakfast was fantastic, and the room was spotless. I called to ask the front desk for some toothpaste, and a housekeeper delivered it in 5 minutes. Great hotel!	
Mar 10 2008 	Spacious and attentive Marriott West	We arrived late on the last flight from Narita which put us at the hotel around 11:00 p.m. The bell staff had to be roused to help us with numerous suitcases, something we hadn't experienced with past late arrivals at different hotel chains in Beijing. But once we were at the reception desk, Simon, the desk clerk, took charge and all went according to plan. We booked a spacious suite on the Executive Floor, well worth the added expense for our five day stay.The bedroom lighting console was a puzzle at first, especially when suffering jet lag, but eventually we managed the suite's rather confusing lighting system. Except for the inattentive late evening bell staff, from maids, to the front desk, to restaurants and the ex. lounge, the staff was excellent. The breakfast buffet was just average, especially Sunday morning, but we enjoyed the choice of both Chinese and western breakfast. The BIG downside of the hotel is the fitness center and pool area. From the hotel's website, I had learned the fitness center was a Ballys but the pool area is also public and shared with 100s, seemed like 1000s, of Ballys members. No lockers were available and the locker room was really quite a mess.The staff at the fitness desk was of no help. We did not use the pool. Swimming laps and working out is an important criteria for us when booking a hotel. This experience was a big disappointment.	
Jan 13 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We booked an executive suite in order to relax at the end of a busy tour round Inner Mongolia. The hotel is excellent, the building and rooms immaculate, the staff - all the staff - speak English. The executive lounge was great, the staff were charming. This is the second time in 12 months we have stayed there, the last time we had Chinese guests. The hotel treated our guests in exactly the same professional and courteous manner as ourselves; this is not always the case in China in my experience - I have often found that Chinese staff in other Chinese hotels can look down on Chinese guests compared to Western ones.The staff here have that rare ability not only to say the right thing but to seem as if they genuinely mean it. They truly go out of their way to make you feel welcome.The only criticism if I was forced to make one was that the carpet in the room was synthetic which meant I got electric shocks from everything I touched until I changed my footwear!An excellent hotel, well-deserving of its 5 stars.	
Oct 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel - Location not great	Our stay in Beijing was all part of our package holiday with Airtours. The Marriott hotel was excellent. The room we had was amazing - huge. Some people in our party ended up with suites.There isn't a great deal to see around the hotel - there is a Pizza Hut next door and then a few shops but nothing else. You would have to get a taxi to the main parts of Beijing - but the transport is very cheap. It's worth staying here for the hotel. Breakfast was buffet style - with a huge choice. There was definately something for everyone.	
Oct 18 2007 	Very Good Hotel	Stayed at the hotel for 8 nights. Booked the executive floor with lounge access. The rooms are nice - the suites even nicer. My shower was not hot enough in a standard room after 2 days and was I moved to a suite with no additional charges. The lounge was good. English was at a pretty good level for the hotel staff. Food in the restaurant was good and they provided several &quot;western&quot; choices that were tasty. I'm told the Chinese restaurant provided more Cantanoese style food. The hotel manager was very nice, friendly and humouous. Over all very good place to stay.	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice hotel - Bad location	The hotel room was nice. Generally the hotel staff was very nice especially when it was my birthday when they sent a cake. There were two complaints that I had of the hotel.1. The bathroom was not very clean.2. The location of the hotel was not in the best area	
Jul 6 2007 	Beautiful clean and excellent customer service	Our family stayed at this beautiful hotel for 4 days. The staff was excellent and tended to our every need. Because we had a group of 8, we were upgraded to suites. The suites were two levels with two bedrooms, including a jacuzzi tub. The tour group they booked us with was excellent. The shows they recommended were outstanding. It is centrally located, not too far from anything we wanted to see.The food in the restaurant was delicious and safe to eat and again the staff was very accomodating. We truly enjoyed our stay and hope you will too.Frederick, Maryland, USA	
Apr 25 2007	Four Star Hotel Five Star Service	This hotel offers competitive rates as its location in the West of the city caters heavily to business travellers. Most tourists would probably find hotels in the center and east of the city to be more convenient.The hotel offers adequate facilities, including a Bally's Fitness Center connected to the hotel. But, it is yet to install new mattresses, linens and towels and the air-conditioning system seems to have a mind of its own. Food ranges from acceptable to very good. What sets this hotel apart is the service. Not only do the staff react quickly to your problem but they are great about following up to see that it was done promptly and correctly. This cannot be said of most hotels in Beijing or China, for that matter.	
Aug 18 2006 	pleasant stay	We stayed at the Marriott for 10 days. Our first 3 nights, we were in room 5015 (Make sure you don't get that room). The view is completely obstructed by a glass roof. We asked (nicely) for a change and we got another room 3 days later, on the 15th floor. The rooms are spacious and clean. The personnel was very helpful and always courteous. We were never overcharged (as I had read in some reviews) when we took a taxi directly from the hotel to the center of town vs taking a taxi down the street. Breakfast is very good. It is big buffet with a large variety of food.The health club, (Bally's) is great ! Nice, view on the city, very large, very clean, good equipement, and it is quiet even during busy hours. The hotel is a bit far from the center of town. Without traffic, it takes about 30 minutes. Overall a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 11 2006 	Nice clean friendly but a bit out of center	The Marriott West Beijing is a very nice hotel with 60m2 to 90m2 rooms. The suite we stayed in was very comfortable at 80m2, with a good interior design and layout. Very large bathroom. Staff very friendly and at your service 24/7. English language is a bit of a problem if you have any questions other than the weather for the staff. Concierge Diana did not give best advice when requesting information on tour or shows. The hotel is the wrong side of the city if you want the tourist areas and traps. Around the Marriott West Hotel the people of Beijing are living and eating in cheap restaurant. I would recommend this hotel. Simon &amp; Colin Executive Lounge were very nice and professional.	
Mar 28 2006	Good Hotel Bad Location	Our party of six had reserved two rooms and was upgraded to a nice two-bedroom suite instead. The room was big, but somewhat dated. The restaraunt was good, although a little expensive for the quality. The service was ok, but not great. The concierge service was not good.The location is the opposite side of the city from the airport and not near any attractions. Staying near Wangfuijing street would be a better idea for tourists.	
Mar 26 2006	Would stay again	Although slightly out of the way (not by very much), this hotel was great. The rooms were spacious and very well decorated, and the bathrooms were fabulous. The staff was extremely courteous and pleasant. Buffet breakfast was very good. My only complaint was that the rooms were slightly overheated. When we inquired, we were told that because it was Spring in Beijing, the hotel did not have the air conditioning running in the rooms. The main areas and hallways were cool. While the hotel was apologetic, there was nothing to be done.	
Jan 28 2006 	Excellent Service	Cannot fault the Marriott West.A long term guest (over 150 nights in the last year).The service is excellent. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in - the rooms are huge !!The hotel is a bit out of the city centre but is easily accessible.	
Oct 13 2005	Fabulous hotel	If it weren't so far away from the center of city, I would say this hotel was excellent.Rooms are huge! Our room was very comfortable and cozy. Bathrooms are spacious and well lighted, also the towels were fluffy and quite large for hotel linen. Comfy bed with down pillows, and clean, clean, clean. The breakfast buffet was quite good. Lots of options both Chinese and Western, and very tasty. Free bottled water on a shelf above the salad bar. Wait staff was very attentive making sure our dirty plates didn't sit long and kept my husbands coffee cup full.The whole front desk staff were helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. Two of the concierge/doormen, Alan and Jason, always made sure our taxi drivers took us to the correct address. Diane found us a great tour guide, Grace, for the Great Wall. Ming Tombs and lunch. They have a Bally's Total Fitness within the hotel and we had free access to all workout facilities and the pool.	
Oct 12 2005	Absolutely wonderful!!!!	It is not very close to the centre of Beijing but this hotel is modern and luxury.All the standard rooms have jacuzzi.It is very clean, comfortable and new. What else can you ask for?We were 18 in this trip and we all have the same good experience. An the taxis in Beijing are very cheap so...Highly recomended.Daniel, Madrid, Spain.	
Jul 27 2009 	?????????		
Apr 12 2008 	Hotel de 5 estrellas con un servicio pesimo		
