Nov 24 2009 	Clean but very noisey	My partner and I stayed here for six nights. For the first two nights it was quiet and comftable so we decided to stay for another four nights. This was a huge mistake as our bit of peace and quiet did not last. Every night and every early morning, doors were being slammed and people were constantly shouting at one another down the corridors. It was awful if you needed to relax from the hussle and bussle of Beijing. The staff appeared to be quite nice/helpful and even offered to post my postcards for us, however I've been home for nearly one month now and my friends still have not received the postcard I sent of the Great Wall and I'm pretty sure it's nothing to do with the post! I would not recommend this place if you actually want to sleep for more than five hours.	
Nov 13 2009 	Practically perfect	The location could not be closer to the Guloudaije subway stop on Line 2. Use Exit B, take a right, and then another right when you see a blue Soluxe Courtyard Hotel sign pointing to the right, a 2-3 minute walk. We stayed in room A041, huge bed, great shower, robes, heat was only okay because we were there before they switched it to heat from A/C. But, there were extra blankets. The internet access is not wireless and ours didn't work. But, we could use the business center for free. The drains do smell a bit.... pretty sure it is part of the deal with China and literally being right over the Beijing drains.... It is in the hutong, but because it is a hotel you can come and go as you please. The lakes and the &quot;bar street&quot; are a 10/15 minute walk and the drum and bell tower a 5/10 minute walk. I have stayed near here before and love it because you can wander through the hutong for hours. It is the real thing. My only complaint is that it doesn't have free breakfast. But, maybe that was good, because we found a hole in the wall dumpling shop in the middle of the hutong and had pork dumplings and soup for breakfast every day for 20Y, $3.00 for the two of us.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good value	This is the hotel that I most liked in my whole trip in China. The building is pretty and has the charm of old chinese houses, though it's a very recently built hotel. My room was very clean and the service was excellent. They helped me find a doctor who can speak English when I was sick. They helped me buy a SIM card for my mobile (they literally went out with me to the shop and dealt with the clerk). You wouldn't expect that from a hotel that charges under $30 a night.I found the location very good. It's right next to a metro station and the surrounding area is quiet and very pleasant to walk in if you like to explore narrow streets and old neighborhoods. It's not very far from Tian'anmen and the forbidden city, though you'll need to take the metro or a taxi unless you wanna take a pretty long walk.The room was a little bit small, but the bed was big and comfortable. The main drawback is that you can hear the noise from the hallway, so expect to hear noise in the morning around 8 as people get up.	
May 5 2009 	Nice quiet hotel close to Subway line 2	The room was really nice, pleasant staff, good value, close to Subway line 2 (loop) making it easy to get to the Beijing Railway Station or Airport Express.	
