	Great !!!!!!!!!!!	This is a great hotel in Beijing !!!! the price is affordable, the location is great, the staff is awesome (and speaks English haha),they translate everything for you in Chinese, the rooms are very nice, there is organized tours that you can do (highly suggested in Beijing). We had a great experience there, this hotel made our stay in Beijing very relaxing.	
	Great Hotel for a great price!	I just stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing last week and loved this hotel. It had been recommended to me by a friend who stayed there last year and I also read the reviews here, so I am happy to say it was even nicer than I imagined or some of the photos indicated. The staff was great and very nice and helpful and my room was cozy, clean and had all the comforts I needed after a day of sightseeing! I would definitely stay here again. I didn't eat at the restaurants, breakfast or used any of the other services (I did however drink both of the half bottles of wine in the mini bar which were decently priced at $89 RMB - considering that I might have paid that for one glass and that it would have been much more in the US for the same half bottle I liked the convenience :-)I am going to upload some photos of my room as well.	
	Wonderful hotel except for the absence of a good gym	as i said. if you can live without a great gym and a pool (both of which are helpful to combat jet lag), and you want/need to stay in Dongchen, the hotel is great. also 1 minute from the subway, important in BJ.	
Nov 23 2009 	Very service-oriented hotel offering great value	We spent a very comfortable five nights here in September. The staff at both Front desk and Concierge desk were extremely helpful. Not only did they book flights, trains, trips but they also looked up addresses, made telephone calls for us, checked businesses and shops which we trying to find, and allowed us to use the shower at the gym free of charge even though we had checked out the day before (we took the overnight train back from Datong to Beijing and needed somewhere to freshen up). The hotel is next to the Dengshikou subway stop (Line 5), within 10 mins. walk to shopping centres, about 30 mins walk to the Forbidden City.We have stayed at other hotels in Beijing and this place is streaks ahead of the competition, given its price range. A really excellent value hotel with outstanding staff.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great hotel and value right in the heart of Beijing	Our family stayed in two rooms in early November. It snowed the last day! Terrific, new hotel, in a excellent modern location. We recommend the duck at Da Dong, right across the street. Nothing to complain about. The drinks at the bar are a little pricey but happy hour is every night, so be sure to have two-for-one and have fun!	
Nov 16 2009 	Stay here!	Brilliant amazing hotel, great rooms, excellent food, fab location, TOP TOP staff. Onl;y 2 minor complaints..Teh 15% service charge on EVERYTHING makes sundries very expensive..ie 51rmb for a beer including service is about twice as much as anywhere else for a Tsingtao.Also their bill was very confusing as to the layout due to the aforementioned 15%...But please dont let that stop you. Its a great hotel and well worth it for the above reasons!	
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent hotel	Very satisfied with this hotel, centrally located and sure will stay again.traveller from USA.	
Nov 11 2009 	A Fantastic Start to the Trip of a Lifetime	This hotel is so nice that they were literally filming a soap opera in the lobby. =) With that out of the way, I think all the fanciness and beauty of this hotel would mean nothing if not for the amazing staff. They bent over backwards to help us at every turn. The doorman was amazing about translating names of places and directions for us. Make sure to pick up a card with the name and address of the hotel, map to the hotel, and seveal popular tourist sites in Enlish and Chinese. This handy card got us many places with ease and really helped the cab drivers to locate the hotel on the return trip because it's a bit hidden. The hotel itself is very classy and clean. The rooms were exceptionally stylish. The beds were typically hard Chinese beds but the room was still comfortable. The breakfast buffet is worth the upgrade because it's fairly tasty and is a fun culture shock on your first day (I have no idea why they think people eat baked beans in the morning). Of the 4 hotels we stayed at in China, this one took the cake without a doubt because of the attentiveness of the staff. It means a lot when you are far from home and a little scared to have kind people who make everything so easy. 	
Nov 10 2009 	Simply superb!	Well where do I start! We booked this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reports and it is just superb! from the moment we walked through the door to the day we left I dont think I have ever been made to feel more welcome in any hotel in the world. As others have noted before the hotel is not that known with taxi drivers and the fact it is behind the Regent hotel does make it difficult to spot. Even with my wife being Chinese it still took a slow drive down the road to spot it hiding behind the Regent. I would suggest printing a google map or get one from the hotel before staying to make sure. Location (once you are there!). Its in a great location with a tube station next door, about a casual 15 minute walk to the main shopping area and about 40 minutes walk to Tianamen square. Hotel appearance. Very smart, clean, stylish.... need I say more! Check in was easy and quick, good English speaking staff who explained everything about the hotel. Our room wasnt ready due to us being early but we were directed to the club floor for free tea. We had booked a club floor suite as this included breakfast for 2, happy hour between 5:30 and 7:30 pm in the club floor and a larger room for the 3 of us. The room was just magnificent, a separate lounge from the bedroom, bathroom with walk in shower, toilet and bath plus there was a separate toilet just on the entrance to the lounge area. Very good selection of toiletries as well. We upgraded to this room for about 350 yuan inc tax which considering what we got it was a bargain. There was free wired internet as well which was quite a good speed as well.Breakfast was excellent with a large range of western and asian options. About 3 chefs cooking eggs and noodles as well! even the coffee wasnt bad which was a first on this trip. Club floor. Basically free drinks and nibbles for a couple of hours each day. A nice section of food both hot and cold with various drinks available including alcoholic. Free wireless internet in the club floor as well which was useful.Concierge. Never seen as many staff on a Concierge desk, im sure there were 5 one day! but I have also never had the service like they gave. Helpful, polite, cheerful and more. We organised a tour with them and also booked the train from Beijing to Xian. Our train tickets arrived within an hour! they also clearly explained the commision rates that were charged which was refreshing to say the least. Downsides to the hotel? Im loathed to put anything as I cant praise the hotel high enough but the bar prices are bordering on insane. One night we had 2 teas and a fresh orange which came to 150 yuan. I hope its the last time my 2 year old son has a more expensive drink than me! Unless you really need to I would therefore not have casual drinks in the hotel. The same beer they charge nearly 50 yuan for is availble for 2.5yuan in a shop near by. Im sure the pricing is probably standard to other similar Beijing hotels of this class but as a family it is still exceptionally expensive. Many hotels have similar issues regarding pricing in my opinion so I dont want these comments to put anyone off a hotel which I safely say is the best I have ever stayed at. My advice is enjoy the hotel, the staff and the location, just eat and drink while you are out!	
Nov 8 2009	Great Hotel	Only good things to say about this hotel. The place seems to run like clock work, nothing from check-in to check-out could be faulted. All staff from reception to doormen were all pleasant and helpful and almost everyone seemed to be bilingual in Mandarin Chinese and English. The female concierge was priceless. We had our own itinerary and she not only arranged transport but re-confirmed our reservations so that everything would run smoothly. Upon returning, she immediately greeted us and inquired if everything had been satisfactory, as indeed it had been. The hotel is fairly big and seemed full to capacity during our stay, with an international conference, tour groups, assorted business and leisure travelers. However, the staff always seemed to have a warm greeting, leading to a very pleasant environment. On-site noodle restaurant was convenient and good value. Would definitely recommend and stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Amazing Stay	I cannot say enough great things about the staff at the Park Plaza. Aside from great rooms, comfortable beds, perfect location, easy access to tours, what really stood out at this hotel was how wonderfully helpful and genuinely friendly the staff were. They consistently provided honest advice about where to eat, what shows to see, tours to take and at one point walked us around to a restaurant in the hutong behind the hotel that they frequent. The food was really good. When expedia screwed up our flights and we were stuck fighting with them on the phone at 2 am to no avail, Catherine, our amazing concierge, offered to call the airline and had us booked on another flight, no charge. She saved us a ton of money and was incredibly helpful. I would come back to this hotel in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone who asks. If you're planning on a trip to Beijing, give yourself more than 3 full days. There's way too much to see!	
Oct 30 2009 	My favorite Beijing Hotel	I have stayed here for more than 6 times for the past 1 over year. I have tried Sheraton, Hyatt, Radisson and Hilton but I always end up coming back here. What keep bringing me back- The rooms here are new and very clean. - It is a small hotel, after 2 days, every staff here will remember you. You will start to get more personal smiles and greetings like they are greeting a friend instead of a guest.What makes me considering other hotels- location! Yes it is very central. But my office is far away in the south and getting back from office during 5 to 8pm is a nightmare with the traffic. Suggestions- this hotel has a limited view. BUT always ask for a room facing the north. Part of the hotel in the east side of the hotel is unblocked and you can get a GREAT view of courtyard houses just below. You also get to see all the way to Bird nest stadium on a clear day (which is very very rare in BJ). Every morning, you will also find a flock of birds flying above those courtyard houses which I always find it amusing.- Taxi drivers generally do not know this hotel. The tip is to tell them the street &quot;Jinbao Jie&quot; or &quot;Li Jing&quot; (Regent Hotel) which is more famous brother of Park Plaza Wangfujing.- I have started to see some beggars just outside the main street junction outside the hotel. I have seen them jump out of a taxi and than beg money from me and telling me they have no money for food. Ignore them like they do not exist. - There is a nice meat bun shop 10mins walk along Dong Dan North street. The sign outside said the master cooks were from the famous &quot;kou bu li&quot; buns. Its taste similar. If you do not want to walk all the way to wangfujing for the real thing, this is not a bad choice.- There are some facotry outlets 15 mins walk north of Dong Dan road. Including Adidas. But I never find the price good enough to buy.- MacDonalds (go north along Dong Dan) and KFC (go south along Dong Dan) are 10mins walk away. MacDonalds even has home delivery here but I have never tried calling them from hotel room.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good Value Great Location	Pros: Beautiful hotel. It’s what you would expect from any nice western hotel. Comfortable rooms with comfy beds. Rooms even come with plush sitting chair plus ottoman. TV has all your cable channels including HBO and other movie channels. Buffet breakfast (included in our package) was great. Good selection of Asian foods like Chinese vegetables, baked chicken, and sushi (even for breakfast). They also had a great selection of hearty western foods, which did change daily, like pancakes/French toast/waffles, potato wedges/scallop potatoes/hash browns, and scrambled/poached/hard boiled eggs. I opted for the made-to-order egg station. Dengshikou subway station is located at the entrance of the Regent Hotel, which is right in front of Park Plaza. Also, they have a variety of international plugs. So, no need to buy extra converters. (See attached picture.)Cons: Hotel has a habit of giving up your room, even if you pay for it in advance, if you check in later in the evening. We were upgraded to a larger room w/ two twin beds the first night. There are temperature controls in the room, but they don’t seem to work. We increased our thermostat to 30C, yet the room was still freezing. My husband and I ended up squeezing into one twin bed to stay warm. It’s nice that they “upgraded” us, but it still doesn’t make up for living out of your suitcase the first night b/c you know you’ll have to pack the next day nor does it make up for finding the time the next day to pack your bags, move to another room, and unpack again. The next day when we were changing rooms, another guest was complaining that their room was not ready or available. I didn’t get the details of her complaint, but did see a pattern with the hotel reservations.Tips: (1) Print out your own map using Google or some other program to show the cabbies. The map offered on the hotel’s website as well as the business card maps provided at the hotel for cabs both use 6 point font for the Chinese characters. Most of the cab drivers have trouble seeing this, hold the card far from their face to focus, and get all grumpy, which doesn’t help you, especially if you don’t speak Mandarin. See for yourself. Here’s the link to the hotel’s website map: http://www.parkplazadestinationguide.com/locationMap.process/OID_E7F6C665/?hotelCode=CHNBWAN. (2) Following another reviewer’s advice, the hotel’s Chinese name is “Li Ting.” If the cabbies say “Li Jing,” it’s for the Regent, which will also get you to the same block. Once there, just keep repeating “Li Ting, Li Ting” and they’ll eventually see the signs for Park Plaza. (3) Ask for a room facing the courtyard. The courtyard is actually the main entrance, quiet, gorgeous, and overlooks the Regent’s lobby. The street side has a cool view of a local hutong, but all the construction that goes on here seems to dispose their materials in a truck located right outside the hotel starting at 6AM. It’s very loud. Thank goodness we had to get up at 6 for our plans that day. Then, we were moved to our real room. (4) If your flight arrives late in the evening, consider calling in advance to confirm you will be checking in later that night. Even though we paid for the room weeks ago, it didn’t guarantee our room was available.Even though I’m only giving it 4 out of 5 stars, I would stay here again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice hotel and good deal	I stayed here on for a couple of nights while traveling on business. Its in a good location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfy. Best of all it was a good deal!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hotel	Great Hotel. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.My room was large, well cleaned. No complaints at all.I'd say it was very central, but then Beijing is such a massive city that I'd have to question &quot;what is central?&quot;The Park Plaza is near a lot of other western hotels, and &quot;only&quot; three blocks away (20min walk) from the Wangfujing shopping mall (a street closed to road traffic) which has the usual souvenier shops, along with chinese food markets, McDonalds &amp; KFC; and a very modern western-style airconditioned shopping mall running alongside the street mall. Having these things (shopping &amp; cheap food) nearby is always an important consideration for me when selecting a hotel.There were closer hotels, however most would have been outside my price range.The hotel is within walking distance to some of the more central attractions such as the Forbidden City, however I didn't personally walk to any attractions as I had a guide &amp; transport. However it's also importrant to note that you can't pick a hotel central to everything in Beikjing, as many of the attractions are so far apart.The cost of the in-house food was a little expensive (eg AUD30 for breakfast, and AUD50+ at night), however that's to be expected in a 4star hotel when you want the conveniences of home.Naturally each person's &quot;Value&quot; rating relates to what they paid. I was very happy with my rate. I believe I got a &quot;4 nights for the price of 3&quot; style promotion.Overall: a great hotel. I don't hesitate to recommend it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Superb Hotel - Exceeded Expectations !!	My wife and I stayed 6 nites at this hotel in Beijing starting on Oct 2nd, 2009.This hotel is superb! Rooms, food, and service all exceeded expectations. The staff, especially the concierge staff, was amazingly helpful! We have stayed in hotels in 23 countries and on 5 continents and would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is located very close to all the major sites. Short walk to the Night Market, maybe 10 minutes. Short cab ride to other destinations. Starbucks is a 2 minute walk out the lobby door. Room service is fast, good, and inexpensive. Cable TV, all amenities you need. We highly recommend this hotel !!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel-near subway lines	Stayed for 5 nights. The place was clean and staff very accommodating. The breakfast buffet was good. Would recommend for families and business travel.If your Canon camera breaks down the repair shop is in the next building. They fixed our camera overnight.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel  value for $	We stayed in the hotel March of this year. The hotel matched our expectations in every way! We did our research before booking the hotel on the advice of other people who had stayed in this hotel before us. Great hotel, great location. The only problem i think was that many taxi drivers weren't too familiar with the location of the hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Wonderful hotel	This hotel is a great bargain, a four star hotel with two star prices. We stayed at the Park Plaza for four nights with our two grandchildren. The rooms were about $110 including breakfast for all of us. At first, the reception had a problem with our reservations --they had lost it and we didn't get the connecting rooms that we had requested. However, once we settled in, we were more than happy with our rooms. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, with western, chinese, and japanese breakfast foods. The concierge was also more than helpful. The hotel is within walking distance of shopping and the famous food street. Somehow, taxis seem to have a hard time finding the hotel..	
Sep 28 2009 	Wonderfully convenient. Excellent 5 star quality at 4 star rates.	Stayed at Park Plaza for 5 days in Sep 09. Location was great. It's right smack in the centre of Beijing where the main shopping artery (Wangfujing) is. If you're adventurous, you can actually walk to the Forbidden Palace. But take note that it is a fair bit of walk. Much easier to take the underground to Tian An Men East stop.Park Plaza is just behind Regent Hotel and Jing Bao Plaza (office tower). Cabbies tend to know the hotel as &quot;Li Ting&quot;. Alternatively, tell them &quot;Li JIng, aka Regent Hotel&quot;. The Underground (Deng Shi Kou) is just around the corner of Park Plaza and Regent. Barely 2-3min walk. There's a Starbucks right across the main door, at Jing Bao Plaza.The room itself was nicely done up in subdued furnishings. Comes with portable hairdryer, iron and ironing board in the room. This isn't something you see in most hotels. A very nice touch which I appreciated. 2 complimentary bottles of water is provided daily. Tap water is drinkable as well if boiled first.Concierge was excellent. Utilised their knowledge quite a number of times during my stay. They were always helpful and smiling.One of the best experience I've had in a hotel. The personal touch is priceless.	
Sep 26 2009	Beijing in September 2009	We stayed at Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing No.97 Jinbao Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing 100005, China from 11 to 18 September 2009. The hotel is on a slip road and an office block is south of the hotel, while on the south west is the Regent Hotel. The general map is attached as Map A. From the attached Map B, the road running in the east – west direction is Jiabao Street. At the road intersection and the curved structure is the Regent Hotel. At the bottom right hand corner, is an office block. The rectangular structure that is north west of the office block and north east of the Regent Hotel is the Park Plaza Hotel. The circular structure is the Bloo restaurant of Park Plaza, where the guest will take their breakfast on the 2nd floor. The vehicular entrance to the Park Plaza is from the bottom right hand corner and beside the office block. Going straight immediately after the Park Plaza hotel and at the junction, is a small Chinese restaurant. It is seen in the picture as a cluster of trees. The area north east of the Chinese restaurant is a small community, with government offices, like the traffic office and also a branch of the Red Cross that also runs a hotel. You will find a courtyard hotel in this community and it costs 1000 yuan per night. Laundry, convenience shop and small restaurants are found in this community. The Map C &amp; D may help you to know the vicinity of Park Plaza that is westwards towards the Forbidden City. Of immediate interest is Wangfujing street, where they close up one section of the road so that you can walk in safety. This street runs in the north south direction and the food street runs in the east west direction and starts from the junction. Along the way, you will find a few hotels, motels and hostels. The initial impressionThe concierge guys were helpful, the moment you step out of your taxi, they took my luggage, tag it and left it behind their counter. It may be a nice and pretty normal gesture. The check – in staff were friendly and offered me an upgrade to a suite with a 200 yuan extra payment, but I am happy with my “club” room.The roomIt was reasonably spacious. The bathroom was large and comes with a bath tub. Two full sets of liquid soap, conditioner and shampoo were available and others amenities like two cakes of soap, comb, toothbrushes, razor, cotton buds, etc. Just note that the shower curtain must be drawn nicely and all the way or water may be spilled out. Two mini bottles of mineral water are available per day and they are placed in the toilet.The King size bed was nice and soft. There seems to be countless electrical plug outlets in the room. They can be found on the two bedside tables, the working desk and the utility cupboard. Of special mention is that the electrical plugs comes with all variation, meaning, whichever country you come from, you don’t need an adapter. I have travelled quite a bit and this is the first time, that I find electrical plugs for all countries. I am from Singapore and there are three Singapore style electrical plugs in the room, inclusive of one at the bedside table.On one of the bedside table, there is a touch light that emits a faint blink. Quite thoughtful of them and you will probably find them in some hotel as a safety feature. In the room, is also a large umbrella for guest to use. It will cost 80 yuan, if you want a new one as a souvenir. There is also a paper carrier bag in the cupboard. Quite handy for all the shopping that the guest do and will bring home. A safe is provided in the room and also a tray of tidbits for consumption together with coffee/tea and sugar. On the writing table, there is a vertical row of shelves and also an outlet for plugging in your LAN cable. The telephone is guest friendly as they have the hotel’s facilities on separate buttons from the numerical ones. The breakfastAs a club room guest, I could have my breakfast on the 15th floor lounge or at the “Bloo” restaurant on the 2nd floor. Menu was fair and varied and the service staff were efficient. They do change some of the breakfast menu everyday.The high teaA privilege for the club room and suite guest, i.e. free. They start at 5.30 PM and ends at 7.30PM. Liquor, can soft drinks and hot beverage were served., in addition to some food in a lounge atmosphere Nice place to relax and they have low sitting sets and a large LCD TV within the lounge. The cookies on the table were made in house and it is one of the best that I have tasted. Light snacks were also available and to me, it is more than sufficient. Other facilitiesThe gym is located on the 3rd floor and comes with weight lifting equipment and a treadmill. Basically simple. You may also arrange for a massage also. They have a business centre in the hotel, in addition to two PCs' on the 15th floor lounge for any work or Internet surfing. One of the PC has an English operating system, while the other is with a Mandarin operating system. There is a printer connected to the PCs’ and of course, you may plug in any USB devices that you may have brought along. The conciergePretty efficient guys. If you need a taxi, they have someone out on the main street to usher a taxi in. They will inform the taxi driver of your destination and will confirm, if the taxi driver did know how to reach the destination. As a safety measure, they register the taxi vehicle number on the hotel concierge log book, in addition to gving you a small slip of paper with the taxi vehicle number on it. The concierge will also remind you to get a receipt from the taxi driver at the end of the journey. You may also ask them for information that you want on beijing, like, what to buy and where the places to visit. During my trip, they directed me to the interactive Mona Lisa exhibition. Local toursThe hotel can arrange them. I went to the acrobatic show and the kung fu show. The price you paid is exactly the same if you buy them at the venue, so, the tourist don’t lose out. I was told that they do tours to the Great Wall, but I don’t have the price for comparison.Hotel LimousineYou may use them for your travel from the airport or vice versa. Additionally, as an emergency, just call them and they can arrange to pick you up anywhere in Beijing. The cost is fair, considering that they use the Audi A6, which is a 2.4 litre car. Very comfortable.The hotel immediate vicinityOn the half left from the hotel entrance, is a row of shops. There are two restaurants among them and they have a reasonably extensive menu. A furniture shop, sits in the middle. A local chinese restuarant, as mentioned earlier could also be a good choice to know what the local would eat at. Across the road, from this row of shop, is Jiabao Place, where, you can shop for mid range clothes and most of all, Da - Dong, a Beijing duck outlet is situated on the 5th floor. The restuarant has a nice atmosphere. They will bring the beijing duck up to your table and carve the duck, right in front of you, in addition to demonstrating to you, the suggested procedure to eat Beijing duck with the codiments. The menu, is gold painted and heavy. Inside it you may want to order dished like fish, where they will offer live fishes that can be cooked in two ways, i.e. the fillet in one way and the rest in any way. Walking eastwards along Jiabao street, you will see a row of local restaurant that sell Muslim food, like &quot;naan&quot; and hot pot. They are cheap and most of all delicious. Do explore the side roads of Jiabao, where small departmental stores and supermarkets are located, together with hardware shops and convenience stores.Nearest subwayDengshikou Station is the nearest subway and I have attached a subway map. Subway are useful principally because, you may find waiting for a taxi a little bit longer at your destination. The cost is just 2 yuan, irrespective of the distance travel, even, when you change to different route. Do note that Beijing subway is expanding and by the time you visit Beijing, there will be more new stations. In fact, I have passed a few almost completed stations, like the one at the National Library.  ConclusionA good and cheap hotel, with good service. I will stay there again as the staff were responsible people and that it is convenient, too.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great hotel would definitely stay again!	Stayed here three nights in September 2009. Great value, nice location, excellent service. We booked 2 rooms as we were traveling with a party of five - including two children under 10. Both rooms on 12th floor with nice views, very quiet. We paid about $120/night each. For the location, it was a great value considering how expensive Beijing can be. Walking distance to one gate of Forbidden City. There's a Starbucks and several restaurant choices right outside the front door, more restaurants easily within walking distance (even w/kids). Room service was nice, although Western selections are limited. Concierge, front desk, and doormen ALWAYS had a smile and helping hand. Good English spoken. Only complaint is the small, hard mattresses - but that's typical in Asia. The stated &quot;twin bed&quot; is barely big enough for two adults and very hard.	
Sep 23 2009 	Will definitely return!	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in August 2009 as part of our China honeymoon. Before Beijing we were in Hong Kong and Shanghai. The hotels we stayed in in the previous cities lived up to our expectations and we were a bit dubious about our last hotel, the Park Plaza.My wife in her correspondence to the hotel after booking it had mentioned that we would be on honeymoon during our stay so when we were checking in we were told that not only were they upgrading us but also thay would be delivering a cake to our room once we got settled. When we got to the room there was rose petals laid out on the bed in the shape of a heart with an arrow going through it and within the hour we got a chocolate moouse cake with happy honeymoon written on it. We felt this was a really nice touch that alot of work went into.In regards our stay, we could not fault this hotel. Of the 3 hotels we stayed in I have to give a mention to the staff here before the others. They were exceptionally polite, attentive and their English was excellent.The location is perfect. The hotel is attached to The Regent Hotel which has a subway stop directly underneath so getting around was fairly easy.If we ever return to Beijing, which hopefully we will one day, we would stay here again without question.While I realise this is a glowing review, there is one thing that I was not fond of. The tour to the Great Wall. In order to get there you have to also visit a Jade factory, a traditional Chinese medicine school and the Ming Tombs with the Great Wall as the last stop. Both the factory and school were awful. It felt very much like a money spin. The Ming Tombs were disappointing in that we were hurried around the grounds and then put back on the bus in less then an hour. This is probably the norm for tours like this but you would prob be better off researching around to see if there are tours available that go directly to the Great Wall instead.	
Sep 13 2009 	This is How a Hotel Should be Run!	We just can't say enough about the great staff at Park Plaza Wangfujing - this is truly how a hotel should be run. Always a smile, always there to help, from holding the door for you to taking your bags without you asking, to waiting patiently but observantly at the restaurants to be there the moment they sense you are wanting for something. It was truly a pleasure to stay here - especially after our next hotel experience we really missed Park Plaza!LOCATION - Right across the street from Jinbao Plaza and high end shops, lots of restaurants of all price ranges across the street or just down from it, including Da Dong Duck Restaurant. Two blocks from Wangfujing Street and only a few blocks from the Food Street and Night Market. Subway station right next door. Taxis super cheap - usually about 1 or 2 dollars where ever you want to go, but nice to be able to walk. Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City only a 2-minute taxi away. Great location for tourists - not the best for business, but not bad either because the taxis are so cheap and easy to get.STAFF - See above. Outstanding, from the restaurants to the bellmen to the housekeepers to the restaurant employees. We always felt so welcome and appreciated.RESTAURANTS - Overpriced, as one might expect. Menu in the bar is poor. Room service is available but similarly overpriced. Buffet Breakfast is 128Y - about $19.00. Good, but not that good. There is a Starbucks across the street. Oodles is the onsite noodle bar - not great, but cheap eats. Didn't eat at the restaurant for dinner - there are so many other options nearby. Nice lobby bar, cozy, live music at times, expensive drinks but free wi-fi makes it a nice hangout to catch up on work. NEARBY - There is a Hot Pot restaurant across the street which is fine if you've never tried hot pot before - they help you learn how to do it, which would have been nice if we didn't already know. Also a Cantonese place where you can have their special soup. Da Dong Duck Restaurant across Jinbao, and Quanjude Duck Restaurant only about a 10 minute walk away. Night Market maybe a 15 minute walk. Starbucks across the street, also a Japanese Place that we didn't try. Walk down the street toward Wangfujing and there are plenty of fancy shops and some semi-local restaurants.ROOMS - We did not upgrade to a suite, just had a regular superior room. It was spotless, very nicely appointed, modern. Turn-down service available. The shower had massive water pressure which was nice. Could have splurged for a flat screen TV I think, but that was ok. View was only across the street to another hotel. Bed was terrible, rock hard and felt springy like a really cheap mattress feels. If the bed was at all comfortable, we would have given the hotel 5-stars, but we really had trouble sleeping well, and my back hurt every morning. Met some people staying at the Hilton nearby, whose beds were apparently very luxurious. BUSINESS - Free wi-fi in the lobby, Free Ethernet LAN broadband in the room, both awesome. Large desk big enough for 2 computers. Business Center on the second floor - only used it to print once, but that went well. Not in the business district, but taxis are cheap and only takes about 10 minutes. As long as the quality of the bed isn't important to you, Park Plaza can't be beat at this price range for value for the money, location, and service by the staff.	
Sep 7 2009 	Clean excellent location great staff - no complaints at all	We were travelling with our kids (12 and 15), so we wanted a nice, clean and easy place to stay that did not cost an arm and a leg. The Park Plaza Wangfujing seemed to fit the bill.The hotel location is excellent - in the centre of the luxury district, surrounded by many other hotels that cost at least 3 times as much. The staff were extremely accomodating and all spoke excellent English. Our rooms were a good size and were very clean with all of the ammenities that one could want on a trip. The hotel gave us connecting rooms without us even having to ask. The hotel does not have a swimming pool, but we were doing so many things outside of the hotel (there is so much to see in and around Beijing!) that we were happy to not have the distraction. We didn't fly half way around the world to stay at the hotel and swim!That being said, we wer.e pretty pooped the first day we arrived &amp; ordered room service. It was really good and not expensive at all.When we had adjusted to the time difference, we found that the major tourist attractions are about a 30 minute walk or a 10 minute walk and 5 minute subway ride away (Tien an men square and Forbidden City). These sites are really close in Beijing terms - there are some hotels right next to them (like Raffles for instance) but their prices again are about 3 times that of the Park Plaza. The walk was really nice &amp; we visited some huatangs that we might never have seen if we'd been right there. We booked air tickets from Beijing to Hong Kong for the following week and the concierge staff did this for us very quickly and easily - no fuss and a much better price than we'd have gotten if we'd booked them at home.Taxis are tough to get in Beijing at times, but our hotel was always able to find a clean and friendly driver for us if we needed it.We had snacks one day out in the &quot;Beer Garden&quot; (yes, it is called that) and enjoyed 2 for one drinks and free hors d'ouevres, along with fresh soy bean snacks. Really nice. And inexpensive again.The Plaza Hotel Wangfujing is a nice mix of traditional Chinese service and style, mixed with some good North American &amp; European touches. They've done it right &amp; I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 4 2009 	Simply excellent	Have stayed in many hotels across Beijing over the years and this has been an excellent experience to date. I think the service has been outstanding.	
Sep 1 2009 	Awesome Hotel	This hotel had an excellent location, the rooms were amazing (so big and luxurious), and the value for money was the best I have encountered.	
Aug 31 2009 	Park Plaza Beijing Excellent	Had &quot;deluxe&quot; room on floor 10. Lovely room, no problems, good location. UK plugs in room at desk and next to bed. Staff always helpful, cheerful, pleasant and courteous. Free internet by RJ45 cable - more secure than wireless. No shaver socket in bathroom, which is odd, so take an adapter for that.A little tricky to find, which may trouble your taxi driver, as the hotel is slightly tucked away behind another hotel, The Regent, so try asking for that, or Dengshikou subway station - Park Plaza is right next to the north exit. It is also right by the Ferrari and Lamborghini dealerships, so one of those ways will locate it.Use the subway - easy and great value.No ATM in the hotel, but there are many in the Jinbao Tower just across the entrance courtyard.Some local restaurants:* Da Dong, floor 5 of the shopping mall containing the Gucci store, across the road from the hotel - very high class looking, but with some reasonable priced dishes, including roast duck. Very nice. Highly recommended.* Sunshine Kitchen, just along the small road that leads to the front of the hotel - very nice food at a modest price. Has several large TVs and they changed the channel on the nearest one to us on request so we could watch the F1 Grand Prix.* Casa, also just along the small road that leads to the front of the hotel - more very nice food at a reasonable price.	
Aug 29 2009 	nice hotel	Park Plaza's is a very nice hotel - its easy to see why it has excellent reviews. Upon seeing the room, my brother immediately asked, &quot;Are all our hotels in China going to be this nice?&quot; The folks at the front desk and the concierge were helpful. It was very convenient to be able to exchange currency at the front desk.One incident of note - we realized that someone had been smoking in our room at some point and told the front desk this, and they accompanied us up to to the room to see for themselves. After realizing that indeed someone had been smoking, they helped us to change rooms. Unfortunately, the second room, although very nice, faced the back side of the hotel, facing a construction site, and on two mornings, we heard folks working loudly at the site as early as 5:30 in the morning. I will say that the hotel staff eagerly encouraged the upgrade to a nicer room on different occasions, breakfast included, but we declined; it kind of would have defeated the purpose of finding an excellent deal for the room on the internet. The hotel is a several-block walk from the Forbidden City, Old Beijing, and Tiananmen Square. Locally, there is a Starbucks across from the hotel, and yogurt and water at the Q convenience store right around the corner if you prefer not to eat breakfast in-house or would like a big bottle of water to take with you while exploring Beijing. Also, around the back side of the hotel is an alley, with some local small stores where you can buy fruit or nuts.A couple of points of practical advice about Beijing: 1. The Great Wall was one of the highlights of a trip. However, we signed up for the first tour recommended by the concierge with the Ming Tombs, and the two stops at other places where we could spend money. If I did it again, I would sign up for a different tour. We were gone all day, but only two and a half hours at the Great Wall, and would have loved more time there, especially given how many folks were there on a weekend, which means you spend a lot of extra times in line -- everything besides the actual Great Wall on this day tour was just filler for us. Also, my brother was irritated with the tour because they skipped the stone animals near the entrance of the Ming Tombs -- we were told we had to sign up for a different tour to see those. 2. Temple of Heaven was unexpected highlight of the trip. I highly recommend it, along with the Summer Palace for a relaxing time. We loved the singing, folks playing music, and the people dancing at the Temple of Heaven; I don't know if this is routine at the Temple of Heaven - we were there on a Sunday afternoon. Also, if you visit the Olympic village area, do so right before dusk. Its great to see everyone flying kites in the evening, and fun to see the buildings light up as it gets dark	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent - Previous Reviews Spot On	I have just returned from Beijing. I chose the Park Plaza based on the previous Trip Advisor reviews and I wanted to stay in a solid western style hotel rather than anything too designer/hip. I stayed five nights in total and loved the hotel and the staff. The price I got via booking from their website was unreal value considering what you would pay for the same type of hotel in Hong Kong, NY, London etc. Everything was faultless - lovely room, fantastic bathroom, spotlessly clean, superb air conditioning, friendly and helpful staff. Location was great esp. for sightseeing.The doormen and concierge were extremely helpful and can be trusted 100% esp. when it comes to getting taxis and making sure you get to where you need to go. Starbucks is opposite if you don't want to pay extra for breakfast in the hotel and I can also recommend the Japanese restaurant next door - very good indeed.Not much more to say, except that the hotel definitely deserves it's top 10 rating in Beijing!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Welcome and service without equal	All the favourable reviews about this hotel and its excellent staff are fully justified. You feel at home from the moment the taxi stops and feel genuine regret when the time comes to check out. If the upgrade which includes use of the club facilities is available then do take adavantage of this, the food and drink that accompany this deal make it a good value extra. Vicky who serves you in the club lounge has excellent customer skills and loves to practice her English. The rooms are in excellent condition and impeccably clean, the breakfast buffet offers a wide choice and the one meal we had in the restaurant was excellent. The Metro station around the corner makes getting around the City an easy proposition although the trains do get very crowded at times (all part of the China experience though!). essential that you have the hotel directions written in Chinese characters, accompanied by a good map, since taxi drivers struggle to find it (hidden away behind the much larger Regent Hotel and the Bank of China, Jinbao Tower) and they universally seem to speak no English!	
Aug 23 2009 	Nice big room good service	It was our first trip to China (I was accompanying my husband on business) and we didn't know what to expect. It was such a relief to encounter such a clean, well-run hotel, with a nice big room (we were upgraded to a suite). Very clean and comfortable, and the one minor problem we ran into (an AC unit that stopped working) was quickly fixed while we were out at dinner. Great breakfast options, friendly and helpful staff, overall a great experience.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location Awesome hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The location is great because there is basically a subway station IN the hotel, and it is an easy 10 minute walk from all the bustle of Wangfujing, down a street that's nice for walking with plenty of people around, felt very safe.All of the staff (esp. the concierge desk/bell desk) were incredibly pleasant and helpful, and fluent in English. And this service compared well with 4 star hotels in the US and other destinations, and totally outclassed the other 4-star hotel we stayed at in Beijing.With all this the rate was very reasonable, we reserved the room at ~$120/night, on-site they offered us an upgrade which we did not regret taking for a minute, it included a daily breakfast buffet (very good) and cocktails and snacks in their &quot;executive lounge&quot; for an additional $40/day/for the two of us. If you are not a big eater, you could make this your dinner, although, since it is so close to so many other great places to eat, you should get yourself out to those. Oh, and free internet. Checking the hotels website, I think that they offer package deals even better than this.	
Aug 16 2009 	We loved this hotel!	Very nice hotel conveniently located on Jinbao Ave. Its a short taxi ride (RMB10) to the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square or a longer walk which, if you take the back roads, is quite interesting 9some Hutongs to be seen). The area around the hotel is very smart with shops like: Gucci and Burberry, for the girls and naturally Maserati and Lamborgini for those boys who have everything:)The rooms in the hotel are well- equipped with free broadband, excellent plug selections for those of us who forget their adapters ! The staff are delightful and very helpful but be aware that in the whole of China, English is not easily understood so some confusion can arise. We took the club package that they offered us which meant that a sumptuous breakfast buffet was included as well as free drinks and snacks in the evening in the club lounge. Here one has computers, printers etc. for use all day long.One thing I particularly liked about the hotel was the fact that one can open a window- we hate sleeping with air-conditioning.The restaurants around the hotel looked great- we had Peking duck across the road in the Jinbao centre which was excellent but quite expensive (RMB195per head) – and there is a Starbucks right outside the door (although the hotel coffee was great and their selection of teas sensational).	
Aug 11 2009 	Staff was really helpful	On our last night, my father became very sick. We didn't know what was wrong with him. We were very scared, especially since we were in a foreign country and couldn't speak the language. We called the front desk. A woman named May came up and called for an ambulance. She was very reassuring, so that made me feel better. Two staff members came with us to the hospital, and we're very grateful to them, because the hospital was not patient-friendly. The ambulance dropped my father off at a small room where he was checked for swine flu. After the blood test showed that he didn't have the flu, he was expected to somehow make his own way to the main hospital entrance in the dark - it was 2 am - when he was very weak. Fortunately, the male hotel staff member got a wheelchair for my father and pushed him where he needed to go. The other hotel staff member, a woman named Kira, helped us with the hospital procedures; she also interpreted for us. They only left after my father was settled in a hospital bed and we encouraged them to go back to the hotel. The hotel staff really helped us; the ordeal would have been worse without them.The room and bathroom were clean. We were in an executive room, and there was an ironing board and an iron in the room. There was also an umbrella and about six drinking glasses plus mugs; usually there are only two in the room and two in the bathroom. We drink (water) often, so having a lot of glasses was a plus. The beds were comfortable.We could have breakfast at the lounge or at the coffee shop, but since we were told that the breakfast at the coffee shop was better, that's where we ate. The breakfast buffet was good. Some of the hot dishes were changed, so there was something new to eat every morning. There was happy hour at the lounge in the evenings that served small snack dishes, cookies, fruit, and drinks. There is a subway stop next to the hotel, which we found very helpful, because we found it easier and cheaper to use the subway than to take taxis. When we needed a taxi, we just told the doormen, who flagged a taxi (the hotel entrance was tucked away from the main roads) for us and told the taxi where to go. When we asked, the doormen and the concierge also wrote down in Chinese the names and addresses of the places we needed to go, which was good because the taxi drivers couldn't speak English.Wangfujing street, which has shopping malls and restaurants, is a ten minute walk away, but there are also some restaurants around the hotel. For those who want duck, there is a branch of Da Dong (which serves good roast duck) in the fifth floor of a mall that is across the street from the hotel.You can exchange money at the front desk; unlike the money exchange in the airport, the one at the hotel didn't charge commission, and the hotel gave us a better rate. Aside from the ones who helped us at the hotel, the other staff members were also helpful. The doormen were quick to help us out of the cabs when we'd arrive and ask us where we wanted to go whenever we left the hotel. Check in and check out were quick. Housekeeping responded promptly when we asked them for things like extra hangers and ice.It's hard to find fault with the hotel, and they really helped us with our medical emergency. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great hotel	Park Plaza is a very good choice if you want a nice place to stay at reasonable price. It is is a walking distance from Wangfujing area, but the subway is also just a few steps from the entrance. Rooms are nicely decorated, staff is well educated and helpful. Starbucks is around the corner. Based on the experience of spending here two nights, when we came back to Beijing after a 3-week tour, chose this hotel again for our last night in China.	
Aug 8 2009 	Five Star Room and Service at Half the Price	Great location. 2 minute walk to the subway. Quiet - It is setback from and shielded by the Regent Hotel from street noise on the 2 nearby main roads. Rooms and hallways are very nice - seem to be almost new. Service is super. The lobby is not big and there is no swimming pool. Laundry is expensive, like most hotels.	
Aug 5 2009 	Top Class	I'll echo most reviews of this hotel; excellent location and great value for money. The rooms are spacious and spotless. The food is excellent. But it's the staff that place it alittle out of the ordinary. I stayed for eight nights while exploring Beijing and every time I had to deal with a member of staff it was obvious that he or she enjoyed their work. Every request was dealt with efficiently and with good humour. The housekeeper on my floor spoke excellent English and took pride in her work. The concierge, porters and receptionists were full of information and willing to take the time to ensure that guests were looked after.I'll be back!	
Aug 3 2009 	Absolutely Excellent	Like everyone else seems to say, there is absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel. Staff were very efficient, friendly and helpful at all times. Hotel is sparkling clean all over, rooms very comfortable and location brilliant. Would definitely recommend to anybody. There's a Starbucks right opposite too, which was useful!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location super helpful and friendly staff good value	My friend and I were on a shopping splurge/city highlights holiday and wanted a nice hotel in a good location but couldn't afford the very 5*. This was just great - great rooms in super location within walking distance of Forbidden City and city centre shops at a really great rate.The staff spoke English very well and were SO helpful and friendly. Breakfast is included and was really great too! Something for everyone. There were cheapish restaurants in walking distance too for night time. Very safe area bang smack in central Beijing. We loved it and would highly recommend it.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very Nice Hotel!	The hotel is very nice, one of the things that i liked is that the rooms are same as on the pictures on their web. Very good hotel!	
Jul 27 2009 	Treated like family	My stay in Beijing was broken up into two segments since I went elsewhere in between so decided to try two hotels while I was there. Stayed at Park Plaza first. The hotel is conveniently located near major sightseeing spots walking wise, or if you prefer taking the subway, it's right next to subway station (Dengshikou / Line 5). The hotel has good facilities (gym, bar, restaurants, free in-room internet) and the room was spacious. But one would expect those in most hotels. I think what distinguishes Park Plaza apart is the service. Everyone at the hotel was pleasant to deal with. In particular, the concierge is extraordinarily helpful with recommendations, directions, tour arrangements and really made me feel like I'm at home which is important for a solo traveler. My 2nd hotel was one much higher ranked than this. Even by paying almost 50% more a night, the service level was nowhere near Park Plaza... I had to carry my own luggages and hail a taxi to go to the airport!	
Jul 21 2009 	Greatest hotel service I've ever experienced	This is not a big hotel but it's BIG in service in every way - from the warm, friendly and courteous reception to the helpful concierge when asked for directions to the thoughtful housekeeping staff. Really impeccable! Even the travel agency rep, based at the concierge area was most attentive and helpful in every way.	
Jul 20 2009 	Superior experience	Everything about my stay was excellent, starting with the staff, all of whom were caring, helpful, and efficient, to the decor. The location was great: Starbucks and ATM machine across the driveway, 7-11 (Chinese equivalent) and subway a block away, great shopping and restaurants within a 10-15 minute walk. The hotel amenities were all I could ask, and more, and the bed was sooo comfortable, in spite of being quite firm. I doubt I could have found a better hotel for my 4-day stay, though I probably could have paid a lot more $$ than I did.	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent Location Great Service Great Hotel	My friend recommended this hotel to us when we plan for our first trip to Beijing, After reading through all the positive reviews, we decided to stay in this hotel for 6 days. This hotel is right around the corner of subway station and within walking distance to major attractions (Wangfujing, Tianamen Square..etc). Hotel staffs provided great service during our stay. Room is clean and spacious. Breakfast buffet is good with great selections. We highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Love our stay!	We (four of us including two kids aged 6 &amp; 8) had such a wonderful stay (6 nights) at the hotel. It was tucked right behind the big street Jingbao St. It was an oasis after a full day of tour and in the sun in Beijing.Location - within 10 min walk to Wangfujing main street location. At first, I wasn't sure how close the hotel was which was our main concern. In the end, the location worked out perfectly. We will walk to Wangfujing to eat (all types of meals available), souvenirs; hotel is also near a small inconvenient store to get water and popsicles/ice cream. We had walked and taken cabs to Tianamen Square from the hotel. It depends on how of a walker you're - in the heat. Like other reviewers, you do need to have the address in English and in Chinese (print from the hotel website) if you take the cab as not all cab drivers seem to know where it is by the name alone. The hotel is also right behind the subway. At the last few days, we finally had a good sense of the city and started taking subway ($2RMB anywhere you go). We also took it to Summer Palace per suggestion of another person staying at the hotel. Rooms - we upgraded to a suite with club level privileges. It gave us access to the Club Room for Happy Hour and breakfast (good spread of breakfast, appetizers and drinks including alcoholic beverages). The breakfast was not as extensive as the one in the restaurant but we enjoyed it a lot. Our hotel room came with breakfast for 2 everyday. Our family took turns going to the restaurant for breakfast while the other 2 went to the club level. The club level also has two desk top computers. The service was very attentive. Great coffee at the club level. The suite is very comfortable for four of us. Very clean. Good view of Hutong. The sofa in the living is a sleeper. Service - the staff showed us three rooms when we arrived. We then decided to choose the suite. Since we're staying for 6 nights, there was a promotion that gave us great deals. Staff don't all speak English very well; but most of them speak good enough. Great value, attentive service. Value - great value for the room type, location and service. We never ate at the hotel except for the complimentary breakfast as there were many more options outside the hotel with great pricing. Will definitely go back to the hotel when we return to Beijing.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very good four star hotel	This hotel is in a great location as the previous reviewer has already stated 10 minute walk from the shopping street, Wangfujing. I found the food to be of a good standard and the service excellent. All the staff acknowledge you as you enter. I did not get the chance to use the subway and only used taxis, which I found to be both reliable and cheap. If I was coming on holiday I would choose this hotel again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Pleasant haven convenient to sights	Business hotel was very modern, clean, and comfortable. The English speaking staff were helpful. The breakfast buffet was varied, filling, and delicious. A subway stop is just a few seconds walk from the hotel and can take you to most of the sights. The subway has signs in English and is easy to navigate. Use the subway instead of taxis because the traffic is bad. The hotel is also a 10 minute walk from the shopping street, Wangfujing. A Starbucks is right out the hotel door across the plaza. The dinner menu was somewhat limited but there are many restaurants within walking distance.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Rooms (and bathrooms) are very clean and spacious, English-speaking staff, free internet, 5-10 minutes walk to get to Wangfujing street, delicious buffet breakfast plus there's a subway station just outside the hotel. :) highly recommended!	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent value!	We came from Toronto, Canada. We have been travelling quite a lot in these few years. This hotel was recommended by my brother. After we saw the good ratings in this site, we decided to stay in this hotel for 5 days while we are staying in Beijing. This hotel is very clean; the staff are friendly and helpful; the service is excellent; buffet breakfast are the best with so many varieties and delicious food provided; subway is around the corner and you can travel to many attractions by using the subway. One more thing to mention was their arranged tour service is very good. Our tour was to the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall and we visited the Ming tomb on our way there. The driver we had drove very carefully and the english speaking guide was good. My family enjoyed the tour very much.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great hotel but geared toward business people	Rooms were nice, but oriented toward business travelers. While the hotel is located in the 'Rodeo Drive' of Beijing, there is little to do in this area at night. Staff was excellent, particularly at the Bloo Dining Restaurant, which was a great place for westerners to eat (we ate there every night for 3 nights in addition to the breakfast buffet). The club level is nice and serves almost as nice a breakfast and such as the downstairs restaurant. Good business center, but VERY limited gym.	
Jun 29 2009 	Excellent....	Great service, great rooms incl internet connection, good location (subway station 5 mins away); close to Wangfijing shops.Door staff always gave directions to taxis and I never once got lost.Use the hotel cards to show directions in Chinese to taxis or get any work/site address in Chinese to enable taxis to understand.Most likely to stay here again	
Jun 20 2009 	Excellent value for money; impressive hospitality	Impressive...Impressive...Impressive...!!! On a business trip to China, our stay at Park Plaza Wangfujing Beijing was booked by our travel agent. The moment one gets down from the cab at the gate of the hotel, one is greeted by smiles from the courteous staff of Park Plaza. And after spending 4 nights at this hotel, one gets to know that this is in the DNA of Park plaza staff. Right from the staff at the reception to the bell boy to the laundry boy to the housekeeping boy, they would greet you cheerfully. Also, after roaming around in Beijing for 4 days, we realised this was one of the most centrally located hotels from all the popular tourist places. And with excellent concierge service, we had absolutely no problem in getting wherever we want to. And one also got impressed by english speaking staff (most of them). And coming to the money paid for room... I would only say this is the best value for money one can get in any part of the globe...!!! All in all, I would look forward to another hotel in any part of the world which would offer all these and comes close to Park Plaza Beijing. Cheers to the hotel..	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay centrally located hotel	We stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing, deluxe room, for 7 nights in May 2009. We chose the hotel based on the high ranking on tripadvisor, location, and price. On the hotel website, we found a discounted rate for 2 night minimum stays. We were not disappointed with the quality or value. The location was great – on the Dengshikou subway stop (one stop north of Dongdan). It’s a short subway ride to Tiananmen square/Forbidden City, Lama Temple, Temple of Heaven, and Pearl Market. The room was perfect – spacious, clean, and modern. Beds were firm and comfortable. The bath was large and pretty. Air conditioning worked well and room was quiet. The hotel provided 2 complimentary bottles of water each day. Service (front desk, bell hops, cleaning) was friendly and timely. Bell hops hailed cabs and gave instructions to drivers in Chinese. The concierge was super friendly and eager to please. She also spoke English very well. She booked tickets for us to the Shoalin Monks at the Red Theater, Acrobatics at Chaoyang theater, the Opera at Huguang Guildhall, and a Hutong tour by pedicab. Ask for a brochure for “sunny vacations” which outlines the activities the concierge can book for you. We recommend the Hutong tour by pedicab which was very interesting and includes the Bell Tower. We suggest skipping the Opera at Huguang Guildhall (a more exciting evening may be had at the Opera at Chang’an Grand Theater). The concierge also booked us a car and driver for the day to take us to the Great Wall. We choose to go to Mutainyu (takes about two hours in rush hour to get there from the hotel). Few tourists on a weekday; wonderful views. Inquire about this in advance to allow for booking. The concierge and the bell hops can recommend restaurants. We enjoyed their recommendations for South Beauty (Sichuan) in Oriental Plaza, and a local place directly across from the Peninsula Hotel (street number may be 3-3). We did not purchase the daily breakfast in the hotel, opting instead for the Pheonix Bakery on the opposite side of Dong Si Nan Dajie from the hotel. We did eat at the hotel restaurant – Oodles – one night. It was good. The hotel is a short walk from Wangfujing pedestrian street, the restaurants in the Peninsula Hotel, and the Oriental Plaza. Take business cards with the hotel name on it when using taxi cabs. The hotel can not be seen from Jinbao Street, so, if a taxi is unsure of the hotel’s location, ask to be taken to the Peninsula or the Legendale hotels which are nearby. When we first arrived in Beijing, we took the airport train which connected to the subway. It cost nearly the same as our taxi ride from the hotel back to the airport upon our departure. Overall, a great place to stay. We would stay here again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Harrassed by hotel staff	I agree with all the positive reviews about this hotel. I just returned from a 6 night stay and I only had three negative issues. My hotel room was on the Jinbao St. side and each morning at 5:30 am I was awoken by noise from the street below. Apparently construction trucks use the street to transfer materials from one truck to another truck and it is quite disruptive. Also, I was called at least once or twice a day by the staff to see how I was feeling. They seemed obsessed with the idea (for no obvious reason) that I may have the swine flu. One day I went out and accidently left my &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; light on all day. Three staff members came and knocked on my door (the light was still on after I returned) and started grilling me about my health. The reason I felt particularly harrassed and singled out was because I was traveling with two colleagues who were never called once. I also went to Shanghai and Nanjing and none of the staff ever questioned me at those hotels. Lastly, the fitness center was not air conditioned and it was extremely hot outside so it was hard to work out. I would have complained but there was not one at the desk in the fitness center while I was there.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good hotel good location nice staff	Good room and bathroom. Great breakfast and the staff was very nice. It's a typical western-style hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Wonderful well located spotless quiet friendly hotel	We have just completed a three night stay at the Park Plaza. We have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. It is very well located, within walking distance of many sights and it is about two minutes away from the subway. The subway is easy to use and only costs 2RMB! Taxis are very cheap but can get caught in traffic. The breakfast at the hotel is as good as you can get. The only one little complaint is that the coffee could be improved upon and could be hotter. All staff are very friendly and helpful We will stay here again the next time we return to Beijing!	
May 21 2009 	Good location Hotel not so great	This was our first experience of a Chinese hotel and I was disappointed. We had upgrated to the Club floor and really felt that the staff on this floor could have smiled a bit more, they were okay at check in but the lack of English probably did not help. Being on the Club floor you get complimentary tea/coffee throughout the day and in the evenings drinks and canapes are free also. The drinks and canapes are done on a self service basis and I felt this was where the hotel let itself down. I have stayed in several hotels where I have stayed on Club floors, Singapore and Thailand and have always felt that the staff were very helpful but alas this was not the case. I served myself a gin and tonic and when I asked for some lemon I was looked at like I was from out of space. The food selection was also very poor.The door men and girls at the down stairs bar were very friendly and smiled alot but the girls on this floor really looked quite miserable.We had breakfast in the cafe and this was nothing out of the ordinary, we also had a meal in the same restaurant one evening and again was very disappointed.We ate one night at the Regent Cafe, this was by far a better restaurant for a similar price and the view was good too. This hotel is good for location but if I go back to Beijing I won't be staying at this hotel again.	
May 15 2009 	The Park Plaza Hotel was a mjaor factor in making our trip to Beijing memorable.	The service at the hotel was exceptional. We received an outstanding welcome at check in including a surprise welcome package. We were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary and the hotel provided rose petals on the bed, wine, a fruit platter, and a delicious chocolate cake along with a special note from the mamager. The geat service continued throughout our stay. The concierge service and the hotel doormen were always efficient, helpful and welcoming. We were delighted to see that the room was just like the website listing. The location was close to attractions, shopping, and dining options. We were extremely happy with our hotel selection and highly recommend the hotel for travelers.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent Location and Superb Service! Top Notch!!!	Walking distance to Tianamen square, forbidden city and a ton of shopping. Everyone was very helpful and spoke good english. Concierge wrote out in chinese everywhere we wanted to go and advised the cab drivers for us. Cabs are so cheap so we didn't use public transport at all. Nothing cost more than 25CNY (approx 4 US), with most around 12CNY (2 US). Our rate included the tour of the great wall and ming tombs. Excellent tour! Breakfast was also included and there was a good selection of chinese and western foods. The airport lost our luggage on arrival and the front desk and concierge followed up with the airline multiple times to help us. I would highly reccommend this hotel. Excellent service, breakfast and rooms were modern, clean and very comfortable!	
May 11 2009 	Great location average service...	If it's your first time to Beijing, the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing is conveniently located just a few minutes walk to the Wangfujing pedestrian shopping area and a 20 min. walk to Tiananmen Square. The Park Plaza seems to cater to organized groups which is what I noticed during my 4 night stay. Having said this, service is under par of what you would expect in a 4 star Chinese hotel, the staff just seem to be &quot;doing their job&quot; and not really customer focused. The rooms are well appointed, the internet connection is fast and the buffet breakfast has many Western style dishes to suit all tastes. I would have expected more from this hotel, considering the high ranking on trip advisor, but in comparison to other hotels I've stayed in China, this one falls short on service...	
Apr 28 2009 	Best Value for Money	Excellent value for money hotel. For what we were paying I was worried but were beyond pleasently surprised. We stayed in a Deluxe Room for 7 days over Christmas, it was bitterly cold outside - but a beautiful comfortable temperature inside.Breakdast was included in the rate and was excellent, and although the choice is endless outside the hotel - this was a great start to each morning. Loved the free internet such a rareity in even the best hotels.Excellent location, very cheap tasty food just a short walk away, we travelled everywhere else by the subway station, just outside the back door.The subway is an excellent choice, but I must mention that the main reason we started to use it is that not a single taxi driver knew where this place was despite us having the address in chinese. I would recommend getting a card from the Peninsula which is in front of this hotel.Only downside; the cost of drinks at the bar were the highest anywhere we travelled in China however it is a very comfortable place to have a drink. One thing though I noticed EVERYWHERE in China, the wait staff stare at you the entire time, for an Australian this is a little off putting but I do realise they are trying to give the best service possible.Things to note:Massage Place opposite subvway station out the side door of this hotel was the BEST I have ever had - these are vision impaired persons especially trained in massageRestaurants also near side door - the noodle place in the middle was great, watch the green chillis though, ouchUse the subway - it is easier than Taxis	
Apr 27 2009 	Fantastic hotel - great location and service	With all the options available in Beijing, we had a difficult time choosing a hotel. But back from our 10-day trip, I believe this was the best choice. Our stay was the best we have ever had in any hotel in all of our travels although it did cost more than we usually would pay. We wanted a safe and comfortable place to go back to each night after the crowds and noise in the city.We had a suite which was double the size of a normal room as it had a separate living area. The shower as mentioned in an earlier review was great. Being in a suite also gave us free internet access in the business centre on the top floor. We had breakfast every day in the business centre lounge, where although there were limited options compared to the main breakfast buffet located on the 2nd floor, it was peaceful and quiet each morning.The hotel staff are all nice and friendly especially the concierge and the doormen. They were always helpful and very polite.When my husband fell sick on one of the days, one of the guys from the concierge (Gao) even accompanied us to a nearby hospital for him to see a doctor, ordered porridge for his dinner, requested extra bottled water for us and constantly checked up on him to see how he was feeling. The location of the hotel is also very good. It is just around a corner from the subway and a short walk to WangFujing street. We did not have any problems in getting taxi drivers to find it as well. Just tell them it is behind the Regent hotel and they will usually be able to get close enough for you to direct them if they are not aware of it.Just opposite the subway entrance is a convenience store, there is Starbucks just opposite the hotel entrance and ATMs are located in lobby of the building where Starbucks is (Jinbao Tower).Close to the end of the trip, we realised that the hotel noodle bar had great Japanese rice and noodles at reasonable prices. We would have eaten there more often if we realised it earlier.We would definitely stay here again when we next visit Beijing. In fact we almost would go to Beijing just to stay there again!	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice Hotel in Upscale Location	The hotel was not luxurious, as is the Regent next door or the Peninsula down the street. However, the room and bathroom were large and attractive, the beds comfortable, the closet large enough for quite a few clothes, and the service at the concierge desk very polite. They arranged for a guide and driver for us for 3 days, and the employee who did it even came to our room for 20 minutes to get it all written down and explained to us. This was a first in our experience with concierge desk personnel.As far as I am concerned, the two best things were the location in a very upscale area of the city (the sister hotel Regent which is physically connected sells Lamborghinis and Rolls Royces on the ground floor), and the wonderful buffet breakfast. One could eat American, European, Chinese, or Japanese food - or try them all, as I did by the time I left. We ate 1 dinner in the hotel, one at the Regent cafe, and two at the Peninsula. I preferred the Regent Cafe. The view looking out at the lighted buildings was interesting. The Peking duck at the Chinese restaurant at the Peninsula was a disappointment. I guess I expected too much. It is definitely worth going there to see the lobby and the 2 floors of designer shops below. All gorgeous. I thought that we had a reasonable price at the Park Plaza until I met an American couple after we left Beijing who stayed at the Peninsula during same 4 days for a lot less than we paid. It pays to really shop around, evidently, for the special promotions late in the game.Beware of the &quot;Hello&quot; people who will befriend you in order to lure you to an &quot;art exhibit&quot;. Just realize that they want to lead you away to an out of the way building to purchase art for a high price. They are devious. It is fun to talk to them, but know what their purpose really is when they tell you that they are students.	
Apr 22 2009 	Superb comfort 100% satisfaction	We ahve just returned from a 10day trip to Beijing to visit our son. We were initially overwhelmed by the choice of hotels available and must have read hundreds of reviews - thank you &quot;Trip Advisor&quot;. We knew we wanted a really good western-style hotel for comfort after a long day tramping the busy streets of Beijing. We chose the Park Plaza Wangfujing and were delighted.It was quite expensive but we could have paid a great deal more at other hotels - equally we could have gone a lot cheaper, but you get what you pay for. We had a superior room - good views, well appointed, very clean and comfortable and a really smashing bathroom with good-sized bath and very powerful shower.The staff were lovely - a couple admitted to being nervous when they have to speak English which could account for other reviewers comments that they were not always very friendly. Our son speaks fluent Chinese so gleaned this information for us! We found all the staff delightful especially the young men on the door.Taxis appeared from nowhere the minute you needed one and altogether our stay here was fantastic. Our only negative comment would be about the bar which was pretty expensive compared to bars in the city but it was very comforable and service was superb.We paid the extra 100RMB per day for both of us to have breakfast. (about £5 GBP per person) and it was worth every penny. Yes, you can eat very cheaply outside the hotel but the choice at breakfast was excellent and it really set us up for the day. Didn 't need to eat again until the evening.We will definitely stay at the Park Plaza Wangfujing again. Taxis are very cheap but the subway station is just around the corner ( 1minute walk) and as the fares are just 2RMB per journey (20p!) getting around is no problem. It is very conveniently placed anyway for many of the tourist sites.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice hotel and excellent value	Agree with the many positive reviews already written. The combination of new, quality rooms and furnishings, helpful staff and location offered at very reasonable prices was satisfying. A few observations:* Standard room seemed a bit small -- we had small children and upgraded to a suite, which was very comfortable (essentially the size of 2 rooms but cost was much less than double).* Rooms, bathrooms, furnishings were all new and high quality and very comfortable. Only item is that the temperature control in the room did not work very well.* Breakfast buffet is convenient although if plan to use it consistently better get it as part of your room rate when you book than paying a la carte (Starbucks just across the street or if you are adventurous can go find a Chinese breakfast).* No cab driver seemed to know where this place is so if you do not speak Chinese it is best to carry the Chinese address of the hotel (doorman will give you a card when you leave, and if taking a cab from the airport will need to find a way provide address).* Well-located. Although nothing very exciting in the immediate vicinity (unless you'd like to purchase a Ferarri, Rolls Royce, etc. at the dealers a block away), Tiananmen square and the shopping areas of Wangfujing are not too far away.	
Apr 10 2009 	Fantastic value -- super location	We came to this hotel because of its ranking on tripadvisor. It is not disappoint us in the least. The hotel is really more 5 star, but doesn't have the pools, big spa, etc. Although some in our group did the spa thing and said it was great. The plusses: Great central location -- can walk to Tiananmen in about 20 minutes. The breakfast is included in rate and huge (ala Asia) buffet -- very good service. Coffee is lousy, but Starbucks is a 30 second walk across the entry. The staff was extremely helpful in arranging our 3 days of touring, and very flexible with all our extra requests. The minuses: Somehow we were there for a couple nights when they said the aircon wasn't working in Beijing -- something related to the changeover from heat to cooling. I've heard this from others, but still don't understand how all of Beijing could be told 'no AC for a week'. Anyway, we survived it, and the staff was gracious and helpful as they could be. The rooms size wise are normal, but a shade on the small side. If you are a guy, and wanting to walk outside the hotel at night to Tiananmen down the walking street, be prepared for the female onslaught. No kidding -- propositioned at least 15-20 times in 20 minutes. And, this was right in front of 5 star hotels, and high-end shopping areas. We highly recommend this hotel -- especially for the value. It far far exceeded our expectation, especially for the price we paid. Stay here!	
Apr 6 2009 	Good vlaue well located hotel	I agree with all other reviewers that the hotel is well located for the top tourist attrations, is very god value is very well maintained and clean, the rooms are excellent with all conveniences including free movies and free water. They also have a range of electric sockets in the rooms including European, US and British - a very useful addition. The concierge staff are very helpful and the lobby is loaded with free magazines inclduing three or four with current listings of what is going on around Beijing. Nearby restaurants we visited included Made in China in the Grand Hyatt which was very good although they gave us a bad table near a draughty window and Lei Garden which is right beside the hotel on the third floor of Jinbao Towers which was very ok - at least our food was generally very bland. The find of our stay was a local restaurant behind the food stalls just off Wangfunding St. We ate a fabulous meal here for about 20% of the cost of other restaurants. Unfortaunately everything was in Chinese including the restaurant's name but it was beside a hotel beginning with W and there were fake trees in the middle of the resaurant. The Eggplant with Chili was brilliant. My quibbles with the hotel were small - we had booked two rooms with kingsized beds but were told only twins available altho advised we could change the following day - the twins out to be larger than normal singles so we didn't bother changing; the coffee for breakfast was very poor as was the french toast but all else was very good for the price paid; and, finally, I wanted to charge extras on my credit card in Yuan and not Euro but was not offered the choice despite having to sign a form that said I was. Overall. however, these are pernickity points and Park Plaza is a very good choice of hotel and I highly recommend it. Another restaurant visited I highly recommend, though not within walking distance, is Nuage - a Vietnamese restaurant in the lakeside Bar district.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice hotel and location. I'd stay here again.	I booked the Park Plaza Wangfujing hotel for five nights in October 2008, which I got a discount using my government ID. Check in was fast and we were upgraded to an executive room with the club benefits. These benefits included breakfast, cocktails in the evening and use of the computers (there were two). Our room, #1506, was quite nice with two double beds, desk, tv., decent sized bathroom; chair and coffee table; and amenities (slippers, robe, and 2 bottles of water daily). The service was great at the Plaza. Every employee we encountered was friendly and always with a smile. The location of the hotel is great: A subway station is located next to the hotel and the Wangfujing night market is only a 10-minute walk away. Breakfast was just “ok” – not enough of Chinese foods and they always put out American sausages. Got tired of that. In the evenings wine and hard liquor available, but we enjoyed the white wine. Most evenings we would have a drink or two while I got on the computer; followed by dinner out. One night the power was out in the lounge, so I asked if we could get some wine for our room, which they delivered promptly. The taxi driver had a hard time finding the place, but fortunately, I had the directions and helped him find it. I would gladly stay here again for the comfort, service, and location.	
Mar 29 2009 	Pretty darned good...just one issue	My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Park Plaza. The hotel was nicely appointed with modern amenities, the most comfortable bed we had in China (this isn't saying much though!), fast internet access and a large bathroom. We arrived at the hotel around 4pm and were told our room was not yet ready. The front desk staff invited us to go up to the club lounge for a cup of coffee while we waited, so we headed up to the 15th floor. The temperature in the room was stifling...at least 80 degrees F. I was miserable up there but delighted when, over an hour later, we were told the room was ready. Unfortunately, our room was just as stifling at 26 degrees C, the air conditioning did not work and the windows open about 4 inches. We gave the air some time to kick in, then called the front desk who sent a maid to check it out. She suggested we open the windows. Hmmm. Thankfully the 80 weather in Beijing turned to 60 degrees which gave us some relief from the heat, but our room never dropped below 24 degrees which is way too hot for this Seattle girl! Other than the temperature, though, the experience was positive. The location can't be beat...we enjoyed walking to the night market to check out all the interesting foods and we were able to walk to the best duck dinner one night and great foot massages another evening. Very easy cab rides to the Forbidden City, Summer Palace and Temple of Heaven. The staff was helpful and we used the Bank of China money exchange at the front desk more than once...a good value and so convenient. The breakfast buffet was included in our rate and the food was delicious. I would certainly stay here again but would be more forceful about the temperature. Perhaps we should have demanded a fan!	
Mar 29 2009 	Awesome little hotel great location at a good price	This little hotel is nestled behind the enormous Regent Hotel, which is also highly rated on TripAdvisor, with a Ferrari, Rolls Royce dealerships a few steps from the hotel. So this is definitely the fanciest part of Beijing and it's only about a mile away from Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. We stayed here for five nights and the overall services were outstanding, all the way from the door person, front desk clerks, to the bell boys. They always had a smile on and greeted us with a friendly face whenever we go in and out. Very easy to get around from this hotel, plenty of taxis waiting in front of the hotel. There are only 2 small restaurants on premise and the small Japanese noodle restaurant on the first floor keeps running out of food, no worries though, there are a few Chinese restaurants that weren't too bad right next to the hotel, but if you want western fares, you will only have to walk a few minutes down the major road right in front of the Regent hotel (which is right in front of Park Plaza).	
Mar 12 2009 	Nice hotel Great location	My stay with the hotel is in early March 2009.Location: The hotel is behind Regent Hotel. Most of the taxi driver doesn't where exactly the hotel is although they know the road name and the area. You can't see the hotel from the main road. So if you see Regent Hotel, it's just at the back of it. The hotel basically located along the road leading to Wangfujing pedestrian mall (15 minutes walk) and along the way, you will see Peninsula Hotel, Novotel Peace, Lee Garden. There are restaurants nearby but unless you are only into western. Hotel ambience: Since the hotel is located off the main road, it's pretty quiet. The hotel lobby is quite small compared to its sister hotel, Regent but it's good for me, cozy. The coffee house is located on the 2nd floor.Room: I booked a superior room with breakfast and the room size is just nice for me. No flat screen TV though but it's ok, comfortable and cozy. There is no view though coz the room is facing Jinbao Office tower. There is a working table with complimentary internet access which is a plus point. Bed is comfortable and room temperature is good. Not too hot and not too cold. (It's about 3C outside).	
Mar 11 2009 	Modern clean convenient w/good prices	Hotel rooms are large, nicely decorated, and quiet, with a nice bathroom and large bathtub/shower. Great restaurant on 2nd floor serves both Chinese and American food, including wonderful rice and chicken broth (a lifesaver since we both got food poisoning from Starbucks!) Friends also stayed here on a previous trip and highly recommend it.Good location (read the other reviews--hotel is located behind the Regency which is on a main street, and their bellman can tell your taxi driver how to go around the block to the Park Plaza driveway.) Other reviews said guests were upgraded to the Regency, but when we asked they said it was full. Superior Rooms and Deluxe Rooms are exactly the same, except Superior are on floors 5-7 and Deluxe are on floors 2-4. We paid $20-$30 more per night for the same exact room, which was just one floor higher. No difference in view, quality, or location for the higher price... Positives: I was very happy with the rooms and hotel in general--nice, clean, new, and a in a good location, with a good onsite restaurant and bar. Hotel is adjacent to a subway stop which links directly to the Pearl Market &amp; is close to the Temple of Heaven. Need 1 transfer to get to Tianamen Square and the Forbidden Palace. The subway was extremely easy to use (signs in Chinese &amp; English, with lighted route boards in each subway car) and sparkling clean. Negatives: there was somewhat of a language barrier--the front desk staff spoke little English beyond &quot;you're in room X&quot;. Although the concierges were very nice, most weren't very helpful as they were inexperienced, didn't live in the area or weren't familiar with details, and couldn't provide much advice to the typical int'l traveler (regarding major sites, hours, directions). Twice I was given the wrong dates/times to the major sites. There's a Starbucks across the street, as well as a small store where you can buy soft drinks. The Italian restaurant in the Regency was also good if you're looking for Western food.**Starbucks visitors beware. We ordered ham sandwiches from Starbucks for our day trip to the Great Wall. The sandwiches had lettuce and mayo on them (we were told they didn't). Despite packing them in ice, we became violently ill later that day after eating them for lunch. As a result, we drank ginger ale and ate chicken broth and rice for 2 1/2 days. The Park Plaza restaurant staff was amazing--and bent over backwards to accommodate our bland diets. When we told the Starbucks staff 2 days later about our food poisoning, they seemed indifferent, and even after contacting Starbucks corporate in the U.S., I never received a reply. Don't be fooled--even a U.S. restaurant doesn't have the standards of U.S. stores, so I recommend ordering your &quot;to go&quot; orders from the Park Plaza hotel restaurant, which has been recognized for its high hygiene standards and food safety. **Also bottled water in China is not necessarily purified, so be careful where and from whom you buy it.I brought Cipro antibiotics with me in case of food poisoning, and it saved me from being sick for the entire trip.Took the China Culture Center (recommended in Lonely Planet) pedicab tour of the traditional Chinese hutong neighborhood, which we really enjoyed. They also offer English-speaking walking tours of major sites, as well as cooking and crafts classes that I'd check out on my next trip. www.chinaculturecenter.org Over 5 days, we never saw the sun due to the extreme pollution, but all of the sights (Great Wall, Forbidden Palace, Summer Palace, and hutong) were amazing. P.S. In any Asian country (I don't speak the language), I carry several business cards with the hotel address, which are printed in English and Chinese. Show the card to your cab driver; I always have spares in my pocket that I keep with me.	
Mar 9 2009 	The best deal in Beijing	In our opinion, one of the best and most reasonable upscale hotels in Beijing. The surrounding area is expensive with designer shops and boutiques at every corner. There is even a Starbuck’s across from the lobby if you need a quick pick me up. The hotel staff is very friendly and courteous and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. We highly recommend it.jrw,richmond.bc	
Mar 4 2009 	Will defiantly go back	Great rooms, service and atmosphere. Very good value for money and my favourite hotel in Beijing so far.	
Feb 20 2009 	Central yet quiet	Park plaza is located along with more upscale hotels like the regent, grand hyatt and dynasty hotel.the hotel itself isnt like other large chain hotel types because it offers that botique type of ambience where everything seems more personal. its centrally located but the hotel itself is soothing and quiet.i love the park plazas door entrance. it automatically revolves around once you step around the area. the room and bathroom was on the small side but the fab interiors more than make up for it.most of all: the staff of park plaza can speak english fairly well which was very helpful for a solo english traveller like me. the concierge was very helpful in making sure that my cab driver understood where i wanted to go, he helped me find a charger for my otherwise very old cellphone, i also got an urgent fax message which was immediately sent to my room even before i received a text from my family that theyve faxed it already.park plaza was my parents choice of hotel and now its also my favorite. its not the cheapest hotel but they have an amazing staff and service couldnt have been better	
Jan 31 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Hotel was lovely, beautiful big bathrooms and really good internet access. The rooms are exactly as you see them on the internet. All the staff were really friendly and very helpful!! Only issue I had was that the food was alot more expensive than I realised. Breakfast is a buffet and isnt included in the room price and costs around 20 euro per person.	
Jan 28 2009 	Better than I thought it would be	We booked this hotel mainly because of the revìews here but were still very pleasantly surprised because of the rate we paid.Check-in was very quick and our luggage was waiting for us in the room.The room was very spacious and very well decorated.Breakfast was excellent with very quick service and the food was always replaced immediately on the buffet.We also had a very good dinner at the hotel. We don't usually eat at hotel restaurants but we would definitely return to this one.The concierge were probably the best we encountered in China, they booked all our internal flights for us while we were at dinner and were helpful with regards to taxi's making sure we knew what we had to pay before getting in the car.This will definitely be where we'll stay again on our next trip to Beijing.	
Jan 27 2009 	Top Notch	I usually don't stay in large chain type hotels but I felt more comfortable staying in an American hotel for my first trip to China. I am so glad I did because this hotel is wonderful. It is conveniently located to Wangfujing (about a 5-10 easy walk0 and felt very safe.The staff could not have been better. They were always polite and went out of their way to help with decent English. The breakfast was huge with both American and Chinese items. Anything you could want for breakfast, they will have. The restuarant (Bloo Dining) I have to say is not very good and overpriced. For a luxury meal at reasonable US prices (around $70 for two), try Huang Ting in the basement of the Peninsula Hotel right down the street. I also tried Jing in the Peninsula hotel which was a little more expensive. It was very good but not great for the price. The rooms were very large and luxurious with spotless bathrooms.For my first trip to Beijing, I felt more comfortable using a guide to get around. I do not like company tours where you're shuttled around with 15 other strangers and you never get to do exactly what you want to do. So I hired a personal guide (chineseqing) who was absolutely wonderful. We will do whatever you want to do or recommend thing you don't even know about. He has a wonderful knowledge of Chinese History and speaks great English.	
Jan 24 2009 	Great hotel good location friendly staff	We stayed in Beijing for 7 nights and booked Park Plaza Wangfujing due to it's price and rating on TripAdvisor. We paid about $80USD per night and for a hotel of this quality, felt it was a great bargain.This hotel is located about 40-60 minutes from the airport, depending on traffic. On average, our taxi rates were in the 80RMBs. The hotel is located behind the Regent Hotel and the Jinbao Tower, so sometimes saying the Regent Hotel will help since some drivers didn't know where PPW was.PPW is about a 10 minute walk from busy Wangfujing Street, which is full of malls and department stores with food courts that are reasonably priced and clean. There is a big variety of food to choose from and they are opened 'til about 10PM.The hotel staff was friendly and spoke enough English (we speak Mandarin so did not test out their English skills as much but saw that they communicated with foreign guests with no problem). The concierge is very helpful and always tries to ensure that you have a safe journey in the taxis they hail for you.The room is spacious and all amenities are given (toothbrush, toothpaste, sewing kit and the usuals). Note though, there are not many selections in TV channels; again, we understand the language so it wasn't a problem for us but it may be for some guests. There is WiFi available, but only in the lobby. I was not able to connect on my iPhone in my room but could downstairs.PPW is located in a high-end area; there is a Lamborghini dealership next door and plenty of big shops (a Gucci store was opening up across the street in the near future). There is a Starbucks and some restaurants in the immediate area, but we did not try any of them.We would definitely come back to this hotel again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Excellent stay loved it	Stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing and just loved the hotel. The breakfast buffet was a bit too steep - approximately $22 per head. A lot of reasonably priced restaurants close by and the concierge was excellent in recommending places to eat. Tour service at the counter itself, very convenient.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great value clean nice place to stay.	Great location, close to subway which makes it easy to get around. Starbucks across the street for a quick cup of coffee then off to sightsee. We ate at several restaurants that were within walking distance which were fun friendly and great price/food! Staff spoke english well enough to give directions. They were honest and made sure the taxi's were safe and fair that they called for us.My husband stays in hotels 80% of the year and thought that it wasn't the best hotel in beijing but it was clean and good value for price. More like a three star- but they try!In good location of the city.	
Jan 16 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	We just came back from our trip in China and we have stayed at the Park Plaza at Wangfujing for 5 nights and had the most wonderful experience. They have a very fluent English speaking concierge staff. We have a Chinese speaking driver for our stay while in Beijing. We used the concierge staff to explain our daily iterniary to him each morning before we leave for the day and call them to translate if plans changed while we were out. They were so eager to help it completely exceeded my expectation. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean with free internet. I know that I could not have stayed in as nice a facility paying the same rate if the hotel were in any major US city. I personally would stay there the next time I go to Beijing.	
Jan 14 2009 	Really good hotel.	We stayed 5 nights in December, including Christmas. The Park Plaza was great. We took the offered upgrade to executive room which not only included breakfast (excellent) but also access to the executive lounge (OK) with its 2-hour happy-hour of free drinks and nibbles every evening (wonderful). Very good value for the money. A very comfortable room.Park Plaza is well-located, but not well-known by taxi drivers; they can get to the locality (make sure you have the address in Chinese), and we soon learned how to find the actual hotel for them. As everyone says, the hotel staff are great.Someone said it's 'within walking distance' of the Forbidden City, which is true - if you are relatively young, and the weather is clement. For us pensioners on a bitter December day, we wished we had taken a taxi! But it is within easy walking distance of the Peninsula hotel, where we had excellent Beijing duck for Christmas dinner in their lovely Chinese restaurant.	
Jan 7 2009 	Best hotel in Beijing!	Simply the best hotel in Beijing (been in quite a few); its main advantages are quite reasonable prices, extremely friendly and knowledgeable staff, very nice rooms (had executive suite - very nice), quietness, super-efficient housekeeping twice a day... Will stay there again, definitely!	
Jan 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Experience	Spent four nights at the Park Plaza and enjoyed every minute that we were there. Major highlight was the incredible conceriege service who we not only consulted with before heading out each day but frequently called while we were out to ask for help scheduling tours, making dinner reservations, etc. Additionally, the nicely decorated, clean rooms and the hotel's proximity to Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City and the popular Wangfujing shopping area contributed to a most pleasant stay. I'd recommend this hotel for anyone taking a trip to Beijing.	
Dec 23 2008	excellent hotel!!	three thumbs up!! this hotel is very new and has modern decor. the rooms are spacious and very clean!! the staff are curtious and spoke very good english.the rooms are very quiet. although a little bit hard to find, it is behind the Regency hotel.	
Dec 20 2008 	Best hotel EVER	I cannot get over how wonderful this hotel was! After a long walk from Beijing railway station (we caught the bus from the airport to the station since we were told it was apparently &quot;close&quot; by) we were greeted by a friendly doorboy (who we later found out was Byron )who immediatly came over, cracked a joke and then helped us with our luggage and got us ready to check in.The front desk service as we checked in were wonderful, polite, friendly and extremly helpful and spoke in fluent english. The staff were amazing and made our stay wonderful. The door boys were extremly funny especially Byron who kindly helped us with any enquiries we had about getting to places and always warmly greeted us when we came back from our daily adventures! When we were about to leave Park Plaza to our next hotel to Xi'an, I asked if the staff could translate our next hotel in written Manadarin, and they happily went onto the internet to get all the details for me and were so friendly! Conceirge were great in even getting a maxi taxi for us since we were going to catch the train to the airport.Our room was fantastic. The beds were big, bathrooms were clean, 2 water bottles were provided each day, and the heating system was great since it was very cold outside! TV also had lots of english shows such as HBO, MTV, Discovery etc. The restaurant was clean and very nice to eat in although the price of the drinks were very pricey ? I think they were almost the same as the food! Other than that, the staff were great and remebered us sicne we ate there almost every night for our 5 night stay!Overall Park Plaza was the best hotel I stayed in! We stayed in the most terrible hotels in Xi'an and Shanghai and funnily enough our hotel in Shanghai was &quot;4 star&quot; and was horrendus!! it wasn't even half as good as park plaza!again the staff were so friendly with all their smiling faces, and they made it very enjoyable for us! definatly will be coming back here!	
Dec 15 2008	Convenient location - 5 star quality	The rooms, service including food, and all amenities such as gym and internet were what you would expect of the Plaza franchise. We were there before the Olympics so the room rates were only $150/night but were due to skyrocket later for a 4-5star hotel. Very clean with new fittings. Lots of tv channels but could use more english ones. good study area but have to pay for internet service in room.Food in restaurant was good as was the general hotel staff.	
Dec 6 2008 	good value hotel service people need to think more	The hotel is centrally localized, and a great value for the cost. The room was very nice, clean and quiet. The bathroom is high quality and functional. The internet is free. My only complain is after I came back from the trip. They charged me twice for the stay. I booked the hotel through Orbitz and prepaid. I even gave them a copy of my voucher showing that I have paid. The manager on duty seemed to have understood it fine. However, the other front desk people obviously most function as flower-vases. When we checked in, the manager was instructing everyone to get him this and that. When we checked out, unfortunately, the manager was not on duty. The staff were left to themselves, and the lack of brain showed. The credit card was only supposed to be for incidentals. However, they charged the room on it without our approval and without any reciepts (of course). This happened after we left the hotel. Of course we could fight the charge off through the credit card. But what a waste of time and energy. If they only train their staff better or use someone with a brain!	
Dec 3 2008 	Wonderful Experience	This is an excellent hotel and deserves the high ratings of this website. It's a solid 4-star hotel, but priced more competitively. The Park Plaza has a great location within walking distance of the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Sq. A Starbucks is located right outside the front door, so you can grab a quick, cheap breakfast before you start the day. Their sister 5-star Regent hotel is connected via a short walkway, which has more upscale bars and restaurants. The Park Plaza is located behind the Regent and another office building, so it's not on the street. This means that the rooms are quiet. However, it might be hard for a taxi driver to find. I recommend that you take the hotel's card from the bellman before you head out for the day. Rooms were newly furnished and well appointed. Bed was extremely comfortable. The restaurants (I tried the Western and Japanese) were excellent and reasonably priced. Service was superb. All staff spoke English well, and eager to please. They really went out of their way to make sure that you didn't wait for anything. One of the most pleasurable hotels that I've stayed at on vacation. Park Plaza is part of the Radisson/Regent hotel chain, so you can earn/use Goldpointsplus. Only drawback was at check-out. Despite being shown a bill in the local currency, Chinese yuan (CNY) also called Renminbi (RMB), the hotel's credit card machine converted the amount into US dollars on the spot, without my consent, at an unfavorable rate - equal to about a 3% surcharge. Other charges in local currency to my credit card on the same day from other merchants resulted in a much better conversion rate. I was able to get the hotel to refund the surcharge, but it was a hassle.	
Dec 3 2008 	Not sure why this hotel is so popular	Not sure why this hotel has been so popular with TA readers. We chose it because of its popularity and was quite disappointed. We were there for 6 nights during October. There was a mess up with our booking when we arrived and by 2nd day, it developed into a &quot;Faulty Tower&quot; drama, all due to their poor internal communication. There were so many issues with the room (long story). The final straw came on day 2 when we returned to the hotel after a full day out to find our luggage etc were no longer in the room. Instead someone else's luggage was in our room . While the whole episode may sound funny now, it was such a shock to us at the time, finding our things gone!. We had their buffet breakfast everyday (included in the tariff). Quality of the food was generally poor. They could do a lot better in their Chinese food selection. After all, we were in China.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great Location. Would reccomend	I just got back from being in China for a few weeks. I was in Beijing two different times and stayed at the Park Plaza both times. I called the Park Plaza directly in USA, and was given a great AAA rate. The staff were great! At the front door, Byron always greeted me and I was able to get a taxi without ever a wait. The front desk and concierge were just as nice. Everyone always greeted me whenever I was through the lobby. The front desk had ample people to help. Stephanie was great at the front desk. If I had any problems, she was right there. I believe she was from Sweeden, but spoke perfect english to help you. The room was decent sized and very clean. Free internet was a bonus for me. Two free bottles of water per day. The shower had great water pressure. The TV had your basic CNN, HBO and a couple of other english channels. Just enough for me at night to help fall asleep. The location was great. You can walk to one of the shopping areas, and about a five minute walk to the night food market. An interesting outdoor night market selling scorpions, crickets and other interesting things to eat. There is even a Starbucks outside the front door of the hotel, should you need your western style coffee fix. I think the price was good compared to US hotel pricees, and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great Stay	My wife an I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Park Plaza Wangfujing and thouroughly enjoyed our visit. Our room was spacious clean and comfortable and it's 12th floor location gave us a nice view of the sun breaking through the fog over the city each morning.As has been mentioned in previous reviews the staff are extremely friendly and helpful and we didn't find any problems communicating in English, which is just as well because my chinese is limited to &quot;hello&quot; and &quot;thank you&quot; The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City (but taxi's are numerous and inexpensive) There are a number of restaurants nearby and, for the more adventurous, Wangfujing food market wher you can sample deep fried bugs, star fish, seahorse, sheeps penis and a variety of other retch-worthy foodstuffs. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel as our guide, Qing, (who was fantastic by the way) had us up and out bright and early but Starbucks across the road is a good option to grab something for on the go. The room service menu had a fine selection of western and Chinese dishes and wasn't too expensive under the circumstances. This hotel made a trip to this exciting city very comfortable and I'd definately recommend it	
Nov 21 2008 	Warning! Do not book this hotel!	The InterContinental Financial Street Beijing hotel is far better than this hotel! I'm baffled why the Park Plaza is higher up in the ratings. this is the first travel review I've ever written and it's to make sure you make an informed choice, because I picked this hotel on the strength of it's ranking here and quite frankly, I was very disappointed. Everything in life is comparative of course, and the Park Plaza is actually an ok hotel - the staff are indeed lovely, but it just doesn't compare to the InterContinental Financial Street Beijing. The Park Plaza is slightly dated, has no pool and the decor / rooms are nowhere near as swish. And the breakfast not as good either. So if you're looking for luxury, good service and great food, try the InterContinental Financial Street Beijing hotel - you won't regret it...	
Nov 21 2008 	You have to try it!	We stayed in a &quot;Plaza Club&quot; room with afternoon &quot;High Tea&quot; included between 5.30 and 7.30 p m each day. Maybe some tea was available, but we went for the drinks and delicatessen table where there was everything you could wish! On top of that, staff and standard of the entire hotel were out-of-the-ordinary excellent at a very reasonable price!A Svensson, Sweden	
Nov 13 2008 	Excellent	I stayed here for four nights in mid-November 2008 (weather: sunny and cool/cold, perfect). The Park Plaza Wangfujing is an excellent 5-star, stylish, modern and comfortable hotel in a very good location for sightseeing or business.From here it is just ten minutes’ easy walk to Tiananmen and the Forbidden City. I imagine that people who are accustomed to staying in five-star hotels would feel at home here. Liveried doormen welcomed me on arrival. The staff throughout the hotel were always very helpful and attentive, especially in the restaurants and bar. They mostly speak quite good English (some were very good). There was often a line of people waiting for reception – they could have done with more staff (and a wider reception desk) at busy times.On arrival I was upgraded to a very nice, spacious twin room (see photo), with marble bathroom. If it’s important to you, it would be worth asking for a room with a nice view - mine faced an office block across the street. The room was decorated in cream and brown, with deep carpets and elegant wood finishing on the doors and in the corridors, giving a very stylish atmosphere.There is free broadband Internet in the rooms, a good wide, deep desk for writing or working at your laptop. Wifi is available in the lobby and bar area, and if you need a printer, there is an Internet lounge on the top floor, with tea, coffee and snacks, which were free all day long with my room deal.Two free bottles of drinking water are provided in your room each day (in China you shouldn’t drink or brush your teeth with the tap water). The breakfast buffet is excellent, going beyond the usual range of morning fare and providing international dishes of several kinds.I would most definitely recommend the Park Plaza Wangfujing.Tips: Your taxi driver from the airport almost certainly will not be able to speak English, and may have problems reading a hotel map with English street names. I downloaded an English map from the hotel website, but this was not enough. Of course, the driver had no problem getting to the general area of Wangfujing, but then he had to stop and ask directions twice. The hotel, as with many other places, has a different name in Chinese. Download or get the hotel to email you a map of the hotel location with the street names written in Chinese. When you check in, the hotel will give you a “Driver, please take me to …” card with the Chinese address on it, together with a series of popular tourist destinations written in Chinese. But even armed with that, you may have some problems finding places. Make sure that taxis you use have a working meter.Be very careful when crossing wide streets. Driving standards are not high, and turning traffic in nearside lanes will not stop at red lights. When walking around the main tourist areas, beware of aggressive rickshaw drivers, people who strike up a conversation with you and then some time later (they are skilled at this) offer to take you somewhere (expensive tea-tasting ceremonies where they get a commission, tours of the hutongs, so-called art students exhibiting their work), and all manner of other scam artists.Beijing is an amazing, exciting place. I will be back there as soon as I get the chance. I hope you have a wonderful time!	
Nov 10 2008	Great staff	I stayed at the Park Plaza as part of a tour group. The stay was fantastic from start to finish. Every member of staff did absolutely everything possible to make us welcome. A big thank you to Bessie and her staff at The First Bar for their impeccable service each night. Rooms are of a very good standard with plenty of space and full kit of amenities in the bathroom. You can use the wired internet in your room or the wifi at the bar/reception area, both are free. All in all I would definitely recommend the Park Plaza if you are travelling to Beijing.	
Nov 7 2008 	Loved the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing	My husband and I stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing for 5 nights in mid-October at the beginning of a two week tour of China. I booked the hotel based on very positive reviews on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. This was the best hotel we stayed at during our trip. I stayed in a superior room and it was spacious, clean, and nicely decorated. The bathroom was huge! The two bottles of complimentary water were appreciated as you can not drink tap water anywhere in China. There is a nice convenience store around the corner that sells bottled water for 2 RMB and IP phone cards (I bargained for 70 RMB down from 100 RMB). The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The concierge was able to arrange tickets to the Legend of Kung Fu and the China Acrobatic Troupe at Chaoyang Theatre. I also arranged for a driver to the Great Wall Mutianyu, through the concierge, for 800 RMB. The hotel has a wonderful location and is only a short commute to the major sites and in walking distance of the Forbidden City. I used taxis exclusively for travel and the bell boy was excellent at telling the taxi driver where we wanted to go. However, returning to the hotel was challenging! Several taxi drivers had to call for directions after getting us in the general area of the hotel. However, the overall benefits of the hotel far outweighed this inconvenience. I do advise having the hotel email you a map so that when you arrive at the airport the taxi driver will have the best shot at locating the hotel. But, don't be surprised if the taxi driver still has to call for directions as ours did. Our room rate included breakfast and the breakfast buffet was the best of any of the hotels we stayed at during our trip. The buffet offered both American and Asian cuisine and the dishes varied from day to day. The food was excellent! I also enjoyed having Starbucks just across the road-a nice place to unwind at the end of a busy day of sightseeing. I am recommending this hotel to all my friends who are planning trips to Beijing.I wanted to share a few tips from my experience touring in Beijing.1. I always flagged legitimate taxis and the drivers always used the meter. Only once did a taxi driver try to negotiate a price without using the meter and my husband and I just walked away and hailed another taxi passing on the street. There is absolutely no need to do business with black cabs with legitimate ones being readily available.2. Don't be suprised if taxi drivers have difficulty finding theatres. I was surprised that the drivers didn't know Beijing better than they did. However, I always got to the right place eventually.3. Although the Legend of Kung Fu was recommended to me by friends, the show was actually not worth the time or money. It was rather boring and my husband and I were relieved when it was over.4. I tried very hard to get tickets to the Beijing Acrobatics Troupe at Wansheng Theatre, but was unable to secure tickets through my travel agency outside China or through the hotel concierge. As this theatre reportedly has the best acrobatic show, I was puzzled as to how no one seemed to know anything about the show. The concierge was able to get tickets to Chaoyang Theatre and I felt the performance was satisfactory.5. The Great Wall Mutianyu was the highlight of our Beijing trip. I followed recommendations made by other Tripadvisor reviewers and arrived at approximately 9:30 a.m. (I left the hotel at 8:00 a.m.). I strongly recommend taking the cable car up and then walking left on the Great Wall first. This, in my opinion, was the most impressive portion of the Great Wall. If you walk it first thing in the morning you will have it mostly to yourself. Most tourists take the chair lift up and start walking the Great Wall from the far right end making this section crowded and more touristy. Also, if you start walking at the extreme right end of the wall you won't likely have the energy to walk to the far left end of the Great Wall. The hike can get very steep at times and my husband and I were surprised at how tiring it was after 4 hours of hiking. However, if you start at the cable car and walk left to the end where it is blocked off and then walk right and end at the chair lift and toboggan entrance, it is a very pleasant 3.5 to 4 hour hike without the tourist crowds to contend with. Most tour groups only hike from the chair lift and then go down on the cable car. My husband and I took the toboggan down and that was a fun end to our Great Wall experience.6. The Olympic venues were open for touring during our stay in mid-October. For 50 RMB/person you can visit the Bird's Nest. I believe it opened for touring at 9:00 a.m. and closed at 6:30 p.m. It was beautiful to visit at around 5:00 p.m. so it could be seen both during daylight and lit up at night. The Water Cube is also open for touring, but I missed touring it as it closed earlier at 5:00 p.m.7. The best people watching areas in Beijing are the parks. I loved visiting Bei Hai Park and Temple of Heaven Park. It was great fun to see the locals ballroom dancing under the trees and to watch 300 people spontaneously gather for a sing along. 8. Beware of rickshaw drivers in and near the Hutong. My husband and I just wanted to walk this area on foot, but it was frustrating to have to deal with verbally abusive rickshaw drivers every few feet. I was surprised that the drivers thought their bullying would actually result in a fare. All it made me want to do was get away from them as quickly as possible. A final note of the Hutong-skip Prince Gong's Mansion-it is highly overrated and just crawling with Chinese tourists-it is hard to even move around the grounds and the Mansion is no longer offering the mini Chinese Opera performance.The 5 days we had in Beijing were some of the best of our entire trip in no small part because of the wonderful hotel and staff. This hotel is a great find.	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent Staff	A friend and I stayed at the Park Plaza Wangfujing in Beijing and had a great experience. The location was very close to a subway stop, the Wanfujing Shopping Area and about 10 minute walk to Tian'namen Square. The hotel is new and nice. Breakfast was included with plenty of Asian and Western options. The guys at the concierge desk were helpful, professional and nice to talk to. It was my first time in Beijing and they got us a private driver for a day trip to the Great Wall and recommended a great local restaurant--best food we had during the trip. And thanks to Hong, I brought home some really great new CDs of popular Chinese music.	
Nov 3 2008	Other reviews are spot on	Earlier reviews of the Park Plaza were spot on and led us to that hotel. Friendly employees, nice and well appointed rooms, very clean and excellent location.A few hints may be helpful to others. 1. When I made reservations for 2 rooms the only rate available was the full one. I checked a couple weeks later and they had a AAA rate that was about $50/night less. So I cancelled the first reservation and made a new one at the AAA rate. 2. Be aware that they add a 15% surcharge to everything - room, bar and dining room. 3. If breakfast is not included in your rate, the Starbucks just a few feet away, is a good alternative. 4. Email the hotel and they will send you a map in Chinese that you can give the taxi driver at the airport to help him find the hotel. The taxi cost is about 100 yaun.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good hotel in good location	I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of my recent trip to Beijing. I used membership points partially toward the stay so my actual cost was about 1/2 the usual rate.Upon checkin I was upgraded to a club level room, a nice touch-- though I was not given access to the club features on the floor. The room was good sized and clean.English at this hotel was serviceable, both at the front desk and at the concierge. In China the concierges typically speak pretty limited English so that was a nice plus.I would say the real highlight of this hotel is the location though. It is around the corner from the very easy to use Beijing subway and is very close to the night market. One note: I printed out a map of the location from the hotel's website (with Chinese street names) before I flew in so I could show it to the taxi driver at the airport. Unfortunately the font on the image was very small and the driver could not read it. So make sure you print it large otherwise you'll be driving around downtown Beijing for a while if you're not lucky.	
Nov 2 2008 	the BEST place to stay in Beijing!	My husband and I booked this hotel based on the wonderful reviews here on T.A. We were not disappointed. I asked the hotel to send directions in Chinese, which was very helpful to the taxi driver. The hotel is not easy to find for most drivers as we found out. We arrived late (11pm) and check-in went smoothly. We were asked if we would like to pay for breakfast or an upgrade - we declined both, but were upgraded anyway for free! The staff spoke excellent english, which was a huge benefit as we do not know much Mandarin Chinese. In fact, the whole staff was beyond wonderful, from the bellboys, to the doormen, to the waitresses in the lounge! Thank you!!! We booked a private driver for our trip to the Great Wall, which I would recommend doing. When you need a taxi, the doormen help with everything and make sure the taxi knows where to go and that we have their number in case of a problem. Our room was very comfortable and spacious. There are many TV channels in English and the bathroom was large and modern. We enjoyed having the Starbucks right across from us as well. We did a lot of walking - the hotel has a great location with an easy walk to the Forbidden City, etc. If you need ANYTHING, the hotel is eager to help! We would not hesitate to stay here again. Side notes:We took 5 different taxis and 3 were good, 2 tried to take advantage of us. One taxi thought we wouldn't notice if they demanded we pay for the toll (there is a toll both after leaving the airport). We had been through this toll before and knew better - the taxi driver should pay. He also took us in circles before we started to argue about his driving. After arriving at the hotel, we had the doormen of the Park Plaza translate for us and the taxi driver gave us our money back. Be sure you take official taxis as well. We took one from the Summer Palace to the hotel that wasn't an official taxi, but we thought we could handle the driver. He drove us within a block of the hotel and parked (refusing to go up to the doormen who would recognize a con artist) and his meter was way off. We negotiated a lower fare because we knew what the taxi should cost. He accepted, but gave us fake currency for change, which we discovered after getting back to our room. So, do NOT take an unofficial taxi. The official ones are black. Do not be afraid to negotiate rates - this is expected in China. The subway is much better than taking a taxi - it is modern and fast and convenient and there is a subway stop right behing the Park Plaza!	
Oct 31 2008 	Perfect Hotel	My family (wife, 3 kids aged 12, 10 and 5 and myself) spent a week at this hotel earlier this month (Oct 08). This was the start of a China and Southeast Asia trip. We booked directly, based on tripadvisor reviews.After a 19 hour journey Via Singapore we were really tired and wanted a quick check in and a soft bed, we got both plus much more.The entire hotel is in great condition probably for the olympics. It is situated slightly off Jinbao and is seconds away from both the Regent and Peninsula hotels as well as other 5 star hotels. We were given two rooms interconnecting one with three single beds the other a king, the rate included breakfast which is good when travelling with kids. The rooms are absolutely perfect and we loved the feather pillows. Unfortunately we could hear our neighbours opening cupboards etc which was a little annoying early in the morning.All in all the best hotel we stayed at in China rdifficult to fault, and we would not hesitate to return. Finally I mentioned to the hotel that the trip was to celebrate my wifes birthday, they sent magnificent flowers and fruit as well as a very sweet card up for our arrival.Breifly to sum upPROS-Really comfortable bedsAll the extras you could want (iron and board, fridge, free bottles of water etc etc.Room very clean and new looking.Great location close to Wangfujing easy walk, and really close to Dengshikou MRT 92 minutes if you go the right way, just ask the doorman.Adequate breakfastWell appointed furnishings.Exceptionally helpful and friendly staff.Turndown.CONS-Only one unfortunately you can hear the people in the next room opening cupboards and drawers. This could have been just this room or those specific neighbours as I have not read any reviews mentioning this. Do yourself a favour and stay in this hotel you will not regret it.	
Oct 30 2008 	loved the park plaza beijing	The Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing was the highlight of our two week trip to China. Our room was beautiful, the hotel staff always made us feel special and they did everything they could to help us, the breakfasts were fantastic, and the happy hour nightly (actually two hours because it ran from 5:30 - 7:30 pm) were so much fun that we seldom went out for dinner after that. They served appetizers, fruit, desserts, and drinks free of charge. The hotel also offered free internet and free tea or coffee (including fancy coffees) all day long. The concierge was most helpful, as were all the young men who worked at the hotel front.	
Oct 27 2008 	The BEST hotel in Beijing	I'm still staying at the Park Plaza Beijing as I write this. I'm sending this on complimentary in-room broadband. I just had to write this review after the most recent reviewer trashed this great hotel. BEWARE the disgruntled reviewer! I guess you can't please everybody. The majority of reviews speak for themselves.I booked this hotel weeks ago online and although we arrived early, we were able to go to our room right after finishing a leisurely latte at the Starbucks across the way. We had a wonderfully pressured hot shower which was great after the red-eye flight.Headed out to explore Beijing by hopping on the subway which was just round the corner.October is a good time to be in Beijing, the weather is mild and conducive to walking from Wangfujing, the main shopping and dining district to the Park Plaza.	
Oct 26 2008 	Out of Rooms?	We had a travel agent book this hotel only because of the rating on Trip Advisor. We were on the last week of a two week business trip to China and checking in after midnight. We just wanted to go to bed when the front desk informed us they had no more rooms even though we did pay upfront to make sure we had a room. They moved us to their sister hotel The Regent, which was very nice but we could have picked any 5 star in Beijing, we did not need them to pick it for us. We picked Park Plaza for a reason. Beware, confirm they have room!	
Oct 26 2008	modern hotel room	We stayed here in July 2008 as part of a stopover that unfortunately only allowed one night rather than two, due to flight delays. The hotel room was very comfortable and had all the mod cons. Unfortunately our Aussie credit cards (both visa and mastercard) did not work in this hotel!! Ridiculously, we had to pay cash on arrival, which meant that we used our spending money all in one go on the bond. Then as we were leaving, we had all this cash to spend and no time to spend it! The staff were friendly, especially the concierge staff who went out of the way to help us. Can someone please tell us where that close train station was?! We walked for kilometres to find one. We do believe you all though!....Just make sure you get good directions from the hotel or catch a taxi so you don't end up hot and bothered by the time you get there like us! We thought the 15% surcharge to have a few drinks from the bar was ridiculous, so much for their happy hour!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great hotel - super location - look no further!	I recently stayed at this hotel for nights while in Beijing. Great hotel choice. Very courteous service and very helpful. The rooms are a good size equipped with little extras like robes, slippers, complimentary water daily, many English TV channels and great water pressure! The hotel also helped to organized tours and tickets - very helpful. The rooms were very clean and the beds comfortable. I have recommended this hotel to friends that are going to Beijing in a few months. I would definitely stay here again. There is a subway station around the corner too!	
Oct 13 2008 	Lovely Beijing Hotel	We recently stayed at the Park Plaza for four nights while in Beijing. The rooms were lovely and well kept, the staff was extremely courteous and helpful and the food was adequate but not exciting. I would suggest that folks consider skipping the breakfast option as they have a limited selection and you'll probably want to venture out into Beijing where the food is much cheaper once you leave the hotel.Aside from the stylish and comfortable room and the free internet (although not wi fi), the biggest plus of this hotel is definitely the location directly beside the subway. We took the subway everywhere in Beijing from the Olympic Park, Forbidden City and beyond (it's about 40 cents USD per person, per trip!!) without any problems.And there is a Starbucks across the street if you yearn for a little western culture...	
Oct 6 2008 	A very comfortable stay	I stayed in this hotel for one night after roughing it out in Yunnan province (RMB 920 after taxes for a superior room with 1 queen bed). It is an excellent business hotel. Customer service was by and large excellent - fast check-in, helpful concierge (directions, baggage storage, message delivery), great gym service (attendant served water, provided towels personally), and good in-room breakfast service that takes orders until 3 am and begins serving at 6. The room was very stylish for a business hotel - great bed (not too hard or soft), good lighting, high ceilings and both new and clean. Tasteful washroom facilities. Free internet (cable provided) with ok speed and bandwidth. Location is a 5 minute walk to Wangfujing Street and is beside the massive Regency Hotel and another local chain. For a hotel in the US$100-120 range it's a solid, comfortable stay. No complaints here.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Hotel in a Fantastic City	The hotel is in an excellent location which I think is its main selling point. The rooms could be bigger but what you would expect from hotel rooms in any large city.We walked everywhere (good walking shoes are a must) and we also used the subway which is very close to the hotel. We didn’t eat in the hotel restaurant but we did have our breakfast there every morning which was great. There is continental type breakfast and Chinese style, all of which were excellent.The staff were attentive but on some occasions English was a problem, however it would be unfair of me not to congratulate the staff for their use of English which 9 out of 10 times was superb!!We drank in the hotel bar once and it was expensive and they add a 15% service charge to your bill. Water was supplied everyday but if you need some more at any stage, there is a little shop just across the road from the Hotel beside Starbucks.The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Wangfujing Shopping Street which is always hectic but worth a visit. Also just beside the shopping street (just go straight across the junction at Wangfujing shopping street) a food market is held every night. Its worth walking up to see this as the sell all sorts of wonderful things to eat. If sheep’s penis or indeed Dog hotpot is your thing…this is the place for you.If you are looking for a more Western Style fantastic meal, I would highly recommend a restaurant called the Courtyard. This restaurant is right beside the Forbidden City (ask for a window seat) and the views and food are fantastic. It is expensive (£70 per bottle of wine) but worth every penny.The only other advice I can give on Beijing is that public toilets are pretty poor so hold your breath and get in and out ASAP. Also there is a lack of soap in all but hotel toilets. Take loads of Antibacterial gels and wipes. You’ll be lost without them and probably get a dodgy stomach. Lucky we went prepared. I’m obsessed with clean hands and neither I nor my husband got sick our entire holiday.I can’t recommend Beijing or the Park Plaza hotel enough.	
Oct 1 2008 	Business hotel with style.	Convenient location, tasteful and comfortable 4 stars business hotel in the downtown of Beijing.	
Sep 28 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We recently stayed at the Park Plaza, everything about the hotel was superb. The location is very close to the city centre, there is a subway station right behind the hotel and it is safe to walk around.The rooms were great, and breakfast was good, on our last day we went down early before the breakfast started and they served us anyway. The best asset of the hotel is the staff they are wonderful, the best we have ever had the pleassure of staying with. The taxi marshals could'nt do enough for you and the reception were great. Dont even think of going anywhere else.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great hotel. no major complaints	This is a great hotel for various reasons.1) great location, near subway station, nice neighborhood.2) Safe area, even late at nite.3) excellent amenities in room. room safe, internet, great bathroom, nice bed..not too hard.4) Great concierge team. One fellow was specially helpful (name??)5) well priced.6) bank ATM around the block7) I was able to eat at nearby hutongs. I dont speak any Chinese.8) nice hotel bar, though pricey, as most hotel bars.Bad things1) limited english spoke at check-in, check-out.2) gym is unimpressive. not too important for me.3) I thought breakfast was not cheap, so i ate at starbucks across the street.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great hotel	I agree - this is a great hotel, well managed - you can tell that from all the small thngs that they got right (as opposed to the equal-status hotle in Xi'am where I'm writing this, and al the small things are wrong and make it secnd-class). For instance, the staff were friendy and happy to chat - they seemed to be happy to be working there which is often not the case. The breakfast was the best I've had in a hotel buffet. The rooms was big enough, very clean, and well thought out, the bedroom was well-lit, bathroom toiletries just what we needed, etc. It was a pleasure to stay there. Happily, we're going back for one night at the end of this business trip and I'm delighted. One niggle - as a vegetarian, the ground flor restaurant, which is open 24 hours, didn't serve any veggie sandwiches. I had a waldorf salad one lunchtime, without the walnuts! Reminds me of Fawlty Towers in that respect) We were in a great rush so didn't complain and anway, what doyou expect if you order western food in an asian hotel? But veggie food was a bit unsatisfactory. And the restaurant itself rather enpty and cold, But again, that's what you often get if you eat in a hotel. Overall, excellent.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Hotel	I recently stayed at the Park Plaza in Beijing. Having read the previous reviews on this site I agree that it is a great hotel. It is very handy for exploring the city of Beijing. It is close by to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square and as taxis are cheap in Beijing it is very easy to get to the other areas of the city also. The concierge staff are excellent and will help with any of your travel requests. You must try Quanjude Peking Duck Restaurant on Wangfujing Street and for drinking and people watching go to Hou Hai in the evening. Only complaint was on arrival the hotel tried to sell us their Club package for an additional fee. Firstly we said yes but luckily they had no rooms available so we kept our superior room which was most than sufficient for our needs. In the end we were glad as we went to Starbucks each morning for breakfast (about 5 few metres from hotel entrance) and the free happy hour would have confined us each evening to being in the hotel. Would definitely recommend this hotel for a tourist stay in Beijing.	
Sep 18 2008 	Good hotel and location	A good hotel and relatively good value for money. The hotel is in a decent location, although as a westerner travelling alone it was difficult to find a suitable restaurant in the area. Thankfully the room service was excellent. Overall a good choice for a westerner visiting the city. The hotel has an arrangement with local drivers who will take you, for example, to the Great Wall. It costs more than the bus or local taxi, but it's still a good arrangement - with one catch. The driver may insist on taking you to a ceramics factory on the way, and a tea room on the way back. And in both places they'll try very hard to get you to buy something. It wasn't too over the top, but as with all of Beijing, some of the locals are trying every tourist trick in the book. Girls approaching single males to &quot;practice their English&quot; (but in reality to entice you to an extortionate bar) can be really annoying after a while. But overall, Beijing is a great place to vist. I'd definitely recommend it and the hotel.	
Aug 31 2008 	fine to stay	I stayed two nights a week after Olympic Games were over. The city is not crowded already at all. The location is good, room is clean. staffs are good. There is ntg to complain.If you insist me to complain even one point, I would say I can not believe this is a two-year-old hotel. There were already some places to be fixed in my room, that makes me think this hotel looks seven-year-old hotel.If you read my review and dont want to waste your time to find a hotel in BJ, just pick this up. You have nothing to lose as long as the price is around USD100-120.However, pls be sure that there are plenty of hotels that you would prefer to stay.	
Aug 31 2008 	A pleasant surprise!	We found the hotel through TripAdvisor adn we check lost of hotels however we didn't know exactly what to expect and it was a very pleasant surprise. the hotel has very good looking facilities and rooms, it is clean and the service is great, the staff is very friendly and helpful.The location is great, it is located in a very nice neighborhood, surrounded by shops, restaurants, and bars, near of one of the biggest malls, and the famous Wangfujing food Street and acrobatic theaters.The price was a very good deal.It was really good.	
Aug 22 2008 	Good price great location	Was there during winter in 2007. Price for a double room was only RMB 450, which was half the price you'd pay in summer. Location was great...just 10 minutes walk to the famous Wangfujing street, while a new subway station is a mere 2 minutes walk. Exterior of the hotel was great....looks very much like a good business hotel. Room was fantastic! Room size was just right, beds were comfortable, tv has many international channels, bathroom was just nice...they even have anti-mist built into their bathroom mirror.We spent Christmas in Beijing. Was glad that the hotel did not force us into taking their 'compulsory' christmas dinner...I know many hotels in Bangkok do that, where they charge exorbitant price for very mediocre dinner.I'll definitely choose ParkPlaza Wangfujing again if I go back to Beijing in the future.	
Aug 18 2008	Awesome Olympic Stay	Park Plaza was an excellent hotel. Having stayed at 5 star hotels in the states, this was no different. The service was great. We stayed on the club level which included a full breakfast, afternoon cocktails and snacks and 24 hour access to free internet. Well worth the extra money for the club amenities. Rooms were well appointed and bathrooms were large and spacious. Location is great, we walked everywhere. This was an IOC hotel during the Olympics so security was tight, but appreciated. We ate at Bloo restaurant and the japanese restaurant and both were reasonably priced and good. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good hotel	It is a good, clean, high end hotel in Beijing. Although I won't rate it as highly as it is hyped.Even service and concierage is not as great.The enjoyable part is good decoration, cleanliness, comfortable rooms, very clean and well designed bathrooms and location, location, location. Its walking distance from Wangfujing and subway station which is a big plus.	
Jul 28 2008 	Comfort friendly staff recommended for families	We stayed at the Park Plaza for four nights with two kids (14,16) and enjoyed the comfort and really friendly and familiar atmosphere offered by the hotel. Reception, concierge desk, restaurant, bar and all other staff were very corteous. The hotel is located in walking distance to all major places of interest. Beds are just marvelous. We booked the rooms with breakfast included and that is what I would recommend. The buffet is very good, though (of course) dominated by Chinese specialities. However, for those who need their muffins and donuts - there is a Starbucks just 20 m from the hotel entrance. I recommend the Park Plaza for family trips.	
Jul 27 2008 	Excellent hotel fantastic location	We had a wonderful 5 day stay in Beijing and loved this hotel! When we arrived we upgraded to a club suite which gave access to the Club Lounge, with afternoon snacks and refreshments, a huge buffet breakfast with everything you could imagine and a nice gym. The room was excellent, nice and modern furnished, a huge comfy bed, spacious bathroom, international cable and all necessary conveniences.The staff is over all very good and really friendly and helpful, most speak good English.The location is fantastic, a short taxi drive to all the major attractions and only a five min walk to Wangfujing and the Donghuamen night market.PSAsk for a note with the hotel name and street in Chinese, very helpful if you catch a taxi…	
Jul 24 2008	Loved this hotel!!!	There is absolutely a reason this hotel was ranked #2 on the popularity index for Trip Advisory. I booked a standard room online (they offer AAA discounts) and then when we arrived, decided to upgrade to a suite for 1/2 the cost, had I booked the suite directly online. for 368RMB we got a suite, two buffet breakfasts, and happy hour every days (which included a selection of hot and cold food, and alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks). the concierge and staff in general are excellent. they all speak fantastic english and are extremely friendly and helpful. the location is fantastic - we walked to the forbidden city on two separate days. you are also walking distance to a fun night market where you get to see numerous items 'on a stick' including scorpions... the hotel arranged for a car for us to mutianyu and we had an excellent day on the great wall. i would definitely stay here again and i highly recommend it!!!!	
Jul 20 2008 	Great Location Great Rooms Great Value	The Park Plaza offered a good value and a great location. While expensive by Chinese standards, most Western travelers would consider the hotel very affordable. For those familiar with hotels in the States, it is like staying at a Hilton for the price of a Hampton Inn or Courtyard.Everything about the hotel was perfect. The rooms were well appointed, relatively spacious, and clean. The concierge was helpful, and you couldn't ask for a better location. It is about a 5-10 minute walk to the night market, Beijing's main shopping drag, Wangfujing, and several hutongs. Cabs are easy to come by, and although we never took it, the metro is apparently just around the corner.I would definitely stay here again, and I would recommend it to friends traveling to Beijing.	
Jul 15 2008 	Good Location and Value	Started our three week China tour in Beijing at the Park Plaza. What a wonderful oasis after almost twenty hours in flight to arrive. Thanks to our guide (who handled the translation and check-in for us), we had no problems and got exactly the room we had requested (Room 503 king bed/non-smoking). The room, while small, was well laid-out with the typical business hotel set-up (desk, chair, extra chair, bed and nightstands). Great use of space (mini-fridge, TV, safe, drawers are all &quot;enclosed&quot; within closet/furniture). Bathroom was fine (hotel provides bottled water daily and all needed amenities). Room was promptly cleaned each day and all staff members we encountered were courteous and friendly. Kudos to the doormen (so pleasant and outgoing) and concierge staff who always greeted us (and will handle mailing postcards for you for a small fee). Our included breakfast each morning (we stayed three days) was very good (though not the best we encountered on our trip). The options were fine (but same thing each day). We really liked the omelete and noodle stations. Breakfast dining room seemed a bit cozy to me, but I guess it is typical for a big city. Also, be aware only tea and coffee are &quot;included&quot; with the breakfast....if you start your day with soda (like me), it will be extra. Didn't try dinner at the restaurant. Hotel is in a great (very quiet) location, but close enough to all of the &quot;action.&quot; We walked each morning and evening and felt completely at ease. Great option for business or leisure travel.	
Jul 6 2008 	Loved this hotel!	We had a wonderful, wonderful 5-day stay at the Park Plaza Beijing in June. This hotel is really a &quot;sleeper&quot; -- neither big and over-the-top, nor boutique -- but really everything a hotel should be. The location is terrific -- close to the major attractions, and easy walking distance to Wangfujing, good restaurants, and shopping. Our room had all that we wanted, including a very comfortable bed (especially compared to other places we stayed in China), very nice linens, plenty of pillows, a well-appointed bathroom, and quiet. But what really sets the Park Plaza apart from other hotels is the service. The staff was unfailingly welcoming, helpful, and so pleasant -- really bending over backwards to make us happy. And it seemed as if everyone genuinely enjoyed what they were doing ... helping to make our stay in Beijing a special one. We stayed in much more expensive and &quot;exclusive&quot; hotels in China, and they paled in comparison to the Park Plaza. This is a place that really understands the meaning of hospitality. I strongly recommend this hotel -- you won't be disappointed! (One caveat: the restaurant, while nice for breakfast, disappointed for dinner. There are many terrific dining options in the area ... just ask the concierge for a recommendation.)	
Jun 30 2008 	Excellent Stay	After carefully reviewing tripadvisor comments I stayed at the Park Plaza for 6 nights in mid June. It really does deserve its number 2 ranking in Beijing. While not the most luxurious hotel it has all the modern amenities and comforts you could wish for (minus pool) at a great price. It really was a good deal compared to some of the other hotels I looked at : Peninsular, Regent, etc. I think the room rate outweighs the little luxuries of the other 5 -6star hotels. While there is no pool you can use the pool of the Regent which is the Park Plaza's sister hotel right next door. For about $10 you can use the beautiful pool, sauna, srteam room, jacuzzis and exercise room.I do think that the staff makes the stay even more pleasant. Concierge staff are very accommodating - especially Mr. Hong. A great young fellow. Hotel is tucked behind a main road and some taxis had a hard time finding it. Always carry the hotel business card with a little map on it. Beware some of the taxi drivers. They will drive you in circles and will plead they don't know where they are going. Hotel is a close walk to Wangfujing and of course all the main sites are only a $2-3 cab ride (unless you get the occassional round the world driver).	
Jun 21 2008 	Excellent hotel with soft comfortable beds	The best hotel we enjoyed during our month long journey through China. I give it the best rating primarily due to the comfortable beds; as most beds in China have such &quot;Firm&quot; mattresses that it feels like you are sleeping on concrete.....Our room was very spacious with a comfortable king size bed plus a sitting area with a couch, chair &amp; table + a desk. The bathroom was filled with all the amenities we could wish for and new toothbrushes where supplied each day. All was kept spotlessly clean. We actually got a non-smoking room a huge bonus in China.There was the usual fridge, safe, writing paper, postcard etc.We did not check out either the pool or the weight room.However the cafe was great.Breakfast that came with the room was a large buffet with both hot and cold offerings. There was everything on the buffet you could possibly want along with a chef standing by to cook your eggs for you to your specifications.Two evenings we enjoyed a wonderful American Dinner of steak in the restaurant. I wanted to share the meal with my Dad as neither of us wanted a full dinner. When we explained this to the waitress it was not a problem and the kitchen actually split the meal and it arrived on 2 plates beautifully presented.The non-smoking area was approximtely half the size of hte restaurant. It was a real bonus after being in Asia for a month to actually be able to enjoy a meal without having a smoker light up at the table next to ours.The staff at the front desk were very accomodating about exchanging money.There was a Starbucks next door and a neighbourhood shop just around the corner to buy inexpensive pop and junk food at.About a 3 block walk brought you to a shopping area and there were lots of restaurants close to the hotel.The only glitch as a very slow check in and I had to argue to get the room which we had reserved and paid for. They wanted to give me a room with 2 single beds instead of a superior room with a king size bed. However this is not so unusual when one checks in late at night....I would definitely recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for anyone heading to Beijing.	
Jun 8 2008 	We loved Beijing!	Stayed in the Park Plaza in March for 4 nights, we had booked the hotel as part of a tour of Beijing booked through Dragonair. The hotel was lovely and very convenient for the Forbidden City and Wangfujing for great shopping and places to eat at night. The staff in the hotel were great, particularly the bell hops and door men who were always eager to speak to you in English and were always on hand to help in any way. Breakfast was included in our booking, and was a varied buffet. We also had drinks in the hotel at night, and the prices for cocktails were very reasonable. Don't miss the night market which is just a few minutes away, where you can buy scorpions, snakes, flies, and centipedes, all on a stick! If you are going to the Great Wall I thoroughly recommend that you go to the Mutianyu part of the wall, the day we were there were only about another 20 tourists, so it was great to get walking along without any overcrowding. We had one day off from our tour, and I decided I would like to go to the zoo, the door man advised us to get a taxi(which were very cheap) but I was determined to try public transport, big mistake! We then joined about 3 million people trying to get on the subway; we nearly gave up, but eventually squeezed on, not for the faint hearted. If you're an animal lover or like animals at all, avoid the zoo at all costs. The animals seem to be very badly looked after, we didn't see a keeper while we were there, and a lot of people were throwing things at the animals. All in all I thoroughly enjoyed Beijing, the sights; the people and the food were all fantastic!!!!!	
Jun 3 2008	Very nice and cozy hotel	This is a very nice and cozy hotel located in the center of beijing but in the inner street of a commercial complex, which makes it very quiet... Its a relatively new hotel, very clean and modern, the decoration is very simple so its almost relaxing, the staff is very friendly, specially the concierges who are very helpful with directions and helping you out with your plans...The breakfast buffet is very good and even the dinner buffet is worth it if you are too tired to go out.... the hotel and meals are not expensive at allTip: Always have a card with the hotel directions in chinese so the taxi drivers know how to get there.. they are puzzled when they see the address since its a very small street but they often call either the hotel or someone to explain it to them.... Hand them the address once you are in the cab because if you show it to them before getting in and they dont know how to get there they may refuse to take you (happened to me a couple of times)	
Jun 3 2008 	Fabulous Staff	We stayed at this hotel from the 25th to the 30th of May. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel, particularly about the Concierge Department. Their command of the english language was fabulous, they were extremely helpful and could not do enough for us, assisting us with booking our train tickets to Xian, booking day trips to the Great Wall as well as a fabulous Hutong Tour. They also took care of our luggage when we went to Xian. We received a lovely welcome back on our return from Xian. The reception counter, although were helpful, were not able to assist us quite as efficiently due to their lack of command of the English language. The hotel was set back off the street and was therefore very quiet, it is the sister hotel of the Regent Hotel which was right next door. The Starbucks across from the hotel was well utilized as was the ATM machine in the same building. The rooms were great, beds were comfortable and a good size and the bathroom was great. We were very sad to leave this great hotel. I can see why it is rated number two on trip advisor. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent!	Stayed here May 24-30th and absolutely loved it. I'm ultra-picky with hotels, so draw your own conclusions! Staff friendly &amp; helpful and always plenty on hand to advise. Uniformed doormen always on duty, and willing/able to help. Building is gorgeous inside, and very much what you'd expect from a 5-star hotel in Europe. Think InterContinental. Nice softly-lit lobby, and bar area. Room was spacious and comfortable - very clean, stylish, well-appointed, and large impressive bathroom. Robes &amp; slippers supplied. We stayed in a &quot;standard&quot; room. Room was no. 502 and had a view to a side street - great for avoiding street noise. Breakfast not included, and was offered at RMB 159 pp, plus 15% cover charge, or a &quot;deal&quot; of RMB 220 per couple, to include happy hour drinks. In truth, this was the only let-down, as these prices (esp in China) are just bonkers. That's about £12 for a buffet meal, whereas that would get you dinner for 2 anyplace else in Beijing. Anyhow, there's a Starbucks across the way, but that's also (relatively) expensive. Ate in 'Oodles' restaurant, and were the only people there (the hotel restaurants don't seem to be busy at all). Food was nice - a bit pricey by Beijing standards - but ultra-cheap by Western standards. About RMB 45 per dish. Good sushi. Service was smiling, attentive - and their command of English will just put you to shame. Transport-wise: yes, as per other comments you'll always need the address in Chinese - and once our taxi dropped us off at the sister Regent Hotel - but OK as it's just in front of Park Plaza. The little card you get with your room keys has a fold-out map of the area, with place names in Chinese - so you can just show that to taxi drivers. You can enter the new subway Line 5 directly next to the Regent - it's really impressive, cheap (RMB 2 per ticket any distance), and easy to navigate. But if there are 2 or 3 of you, taxis maybe just as cheap - rarely paid more than around RMB 15 for rides of about 20 mins. You can hail them anywhere on the street. Taxi to/from airport should not cost more than RMB 100. No tipping. Driving &amp; traffic can be very scary - so buckle up. There's a little convenience store just near the intersection with Jinyu Hutong and Dongsi Nandajie - a few mins walk from hotel. You can stock up there on water etc. But you do get 2 free bottles per day in your room. Also Thai vegetarian, Japanese - and of course Chinese - restaurants all within minutes walk of hotel. Safe, pleasant area. Staff smile and wave at you. Isn't that nice.	
Jun 2 2008 	unexpected upgrade	not much to say about this place--we had booked an executive level room and after a long flight from AU were unexpectedly upgraded to a great room at the Regent next door! No idea why--the foyer looked deserted and the hotel did not feel booked out. On a subsequent flight we met a traveller who had had exactly the same experience. Worth asking for??	
May 31 2008	Good hotel great location	Recently stayed 4 nights at this hotel in a deluxe room. Enjoyed the stay very much. The room was comfortable and clean and had an ok view. The hotel is nice. We ate in the restaurant, Bloo, one night, the food was good but the restaurant was empty, which was a shame. Location is good, set back from the main street and within walking distance to main shopping area and we walked to parks within about 1/2 hour.Overall, I would stay at this hotel again. Downpoint was no free internet access and cost of use in the business centre is pricey compared to other places.	
May 18 2008 	Really enjoyed the Park Plaza	I'm in the middle of a stay here and really enjoy it. Staff is excellent, English is pretty good, location fantastic - right next to the Regent hotel but cheaper and set back from Jinbao Street so it's a bit quieter too. Being set back can be a bit difficult for a taxi driver but it's not too hard. Subway station just down the block (at the base of the Regent), Starbucks next door for a taste of home if, like me, you've been gone a while. Lei Garden on the 3rd floor of the Jinabo Tower is a good choice for food, and there are ATMs at the front of Jinbao Tower from several bank chains. Walking distance to Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square is a nice perk.Beijing is a nice city, but not my favorite. If I come back, though, I will certainly stay here again.	
May 14 2008 	Great Hotel	We thought this hotel was great - a modern, well run 4 star hotel, as advertised. We stayed there with our 2 year old - our only complaint was that they tried to charge extra for bedding for our 2 year old, which we are finding if often done in Asia, but we haven't encountered this in other regions. We used a great driver, John, to take us to the great wall at Mutiyani (800 rmb for the day, including a trip to a temple and a drive by the Olympic stadium). He came recommended via a friend, who got the original recommendation from tripadvisor. HIs email is [-] He also recommended a great guide who showed us around Beijing (350 rmb for a day). She is young, but amazingly knowledgable - a University student majoring in French and English who is also a trained guide.We upgraded to the Executive Floor, which included an extensive buffet breakfast -and drinks and a small range of snacks in the evening. Don't go to the Executive floor for the breakfast as the choices are limited, go to the restaurant which is also included in the upgrade price. The upgrade did not get a bigger or better room - to upgrade to a 'suite' was approx 460 rmb (plus 15% tax)per night. The upgrade to the was 235 plus tax. If you don't want a full breakfast, I wouldn't bother and go to starbucks accross the way.	
May 7 2008	Very nice hotel	I was very impressed with the hotel. Room was large. Shower was great. The hotel was running a special when we arrived. For an additonal fee you could add the business center that included appetizers/ drinks plus a computer to access the internet.	
May 5 2008 	Service is excellent	This is a really nice hotel, with nice decor and great staff. We were only here for 3 nights on a stop-over but felt wonderfully relaxed after staying here. The staff are great, really friendly, and willing to do anything to help. A special commendation goes to the concierge who managed to sort us out at 1130pm with a chauffeur driven car for a couple of days for sight-seeing at a comparable rate to the tourist bus. The car was so much better.The hotel was really good value. If I go back to Beijing I'd stay here.	
May 5 2008 	Great Location in the middle of the city!	I stayed here with a slew of MBA classmates in March to visit companies in Beijing. The hotel is very nice and the breakfast buffet was above average. The staff was very helpful and there was generally at least one English speaking person available. The conference room was a little small, but then again there was apx. 80 of us. Lounge downstairs has a full bar &amp; is a very convenient place to get a drink before heading out for dinner in the evenings. Location is great. And if you need a Starbucks fix, it's just outside next door. I also walked to the Wangfujing market one night which is very close by &amp; an experience. You can even walk to Tienanmen Square.The concierge was okay. They're good at setting up tours to all the major cultural sites and the most popular nightlife venues. But they seemed to be limited to exactly that...so, if you're looking for the inside track on the up &amp; coming art scene or authentic restaurants where not a word of English is spoken, it could be tough. Though they do seem to know these places, it's just not in their regular repertoire to recommend them. Lucky for me, my friend spoke fluent Mandarin, lived for a time in Beijing &amp; still had friends there which proved invaluable. Definitely take the hotel card that has their location on it. You will find that many cab drivers do not speak English and some also don't know the city that well b/c even they are newcomers.	
May 1 2008 	Great Hotel!	PRICE: My parents and I spent 5 nights at the Park Plaza in April 2008. We called the hotel directly and booked the following room: 2 Twin Beds, Rollaway Bed, Non Smoking, Deluxe Room, Bed &amp; Breakfast Package for 1,270 per night ($181 US). An extremely great rate for such an upscale hotel with a phenomenal location and breakfast buffet. STAFF: The staff spoke English very well and were extremely helpful. The hotel provides these little cards with the major sites written in Chinese for you to give the cab drivers, since most do not speak English. ROOM: The hotel rooms are fabulous: air-conditioning is great, tons of hot water in the shower, complimentary bottled water is provided by the cleaning staff each day, linens are great, everything is really nice. AREA: There's a Starbucks and ATM across the driveway, and several restaurants and convenience stores steps away. The Dongdan metro stop is a couple blocks away... but blocks in Beijing are huge. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Beautiful room great location!	Definintely have the hotel name/info written in Chinese for your cab driver, but even then most will have trouble finding it! We used the English map printed from the hotel's website and our driver from the airport still had to pull over to call the hotel. I'd definintely recommend taking a cab from the airport - I think it was less than $5 US or so. Once we found it check-in was a breeze and we headed up to our room. The room was huge - much larger than expected and very well appointed. There was no view to speak of; we looked out over the office-type building across the street. The bed was super comfortable, though, and I quickly forgot the view. We ended up on a smoking floor (there were no other non-smoking rooms available) but there was no noticeable smell in the room and barely on the floor itself. A Starbucks is located virtually across the street and an ATM, convenience store (great for bottled water) and bakery (delicious cream pastries) are within short walking distance. The night market off of Wangfujing was a comfortable walk away and when we asked the concierge for walking directions to a chain restaurant in our guide book they actually knew of a location much closer near Wangfujing and sent us on a much quicker route. The hotel was extremely affordable and felt extremely luxurious for the price. Highly recommended.	
Apr 28 2008 	Lousy front desk service...	I stayed with a friend, who was on biz trip, for 2 nites, 21-23 April.She booked directly through the hotel, requesting for a twin bed.However, when we arrived, we were shocked that the front desk staff told us that the booking was not confirmed hence there's no room for us. The hotel expected us to contact them before we arrived to confirm the booking, when they have already accepted our booking with credit card details. Meaning, by not calling them = non-confirmation. This is a great shock to us as being frequent travellers, we have never experience such regulations.So, after dragging for half an hour, they finally found us a suitable room, meaning a queen bed plus a sofa bed! Apparently that's the only solution they can offer! We accepted reluctantly since we were both tired.On our check-out day, we realised another western guest had the same experience as us. Hence, I do not think ours is an isolated case. And we certainly do not expect this from such a well-received hotel.Plus, I think there are nicer, more centrally located hotels around. Like the Regent, Hyatt or Raffles. However, we heard that most of them are booked till Olympics. Good luck!	
Apr 24 2008 	nice upgrade	this hotel is located near a subway station and walking distance to everything. we arrived late at night and the hotel is fully booked; they gave our room away. To our surprise, they upgraded us to Regent, which is connected to this hotel. Regent is a nice 5 star hotel.....loved it!	
Apr 18 2008 	Just Perfect	Perfect Location, Perfect services, Perfect rooms and Very good food ....	
Apr 18 2008 	Loved the Park Plaza	We just returned from 4 nights in this great hotel. Our family is two seniors and 2 twenties daughters. The price is right and the restaurants great. We opted for the extra money for the breakfast and cocktails. This was a bargain as well. The breakfast is sumptuous and provides everything you could want for breakfast no matter your country of origin. The cocktail area with a few hors d'oeuvres was also nice and worth the money. We ate at the hotel restaurant two nights and had one lunch in the noodle restaurant--all excellent. The people at the front desk were very nice as were the concierge staff. One man even agreed to have our taxi driver keep in cell contact with him because of the language barrier. The rooms were good size and beautifully decorated. The bathrooms roomy. My husband is an architect and he was very impressed with the interiors. We walked to the Forbidden City a couple of times and Wangfujing Street is near by. If you are homesick there's a Starbucks in the cul-de-sac. If you need to call from the US we found the English to be good and the arrangements to be just as we requested.	
Apr 16 2008	Good choice for Beijing very good value	Very well located close to the major attractions in Beijing. Had a suite in the top floor, well furnished, spacious, nice bathroom, two TVs, free high speed internet service.Service is generally good but knowledge of English is not widespread (not unusual for China).Highly recommended.	
Apr 15 2008 	Loved Park Plaza - EXCELLENT SERVICE	My girlfriend and I recently returned from our stay at the Park Plaza in Wangfujing. After being seriously disappointed with the conditions of our hotel in Tokyo (Akasaka Yoko), we decided to stay somewhere a bit more expensive. This was the greatest decision we made. The hotel room really made our trip much more enjoyable. The staff can not do enough to help you while you are staying there. They courteously greet you as soon as you come through the doors and really enjoy small talk. When in need of a taxi, they radio one for you and write down the license plate in case of any scams. They also have really convenient cards with popular tourist attractions listed on them to give to the cab driver. Make sure you have the address of the hotel written down on paper before you go! We didn't and cab drivers aren't familiar with the hotel, and don't speak any English! As for the room, it was fabulous. More than enough space, giant bed, nice bathroom, and great room service! The room service was a decent price too. I recommend the western style breakfast. The only complaint I have was that the bar was a little overpriced, but that was okay because we just left the hotel to drink. They also tried to talk us into upgrading our room for $200 which included a free dinner buffet with alcohol included every night. We didnt do this and were happy about our choice because we looked at the buffet, which appeared to be mostly snack foods and cheap alcohol. Food is really cheap outside of the hotel, so this is a waste of money! The room also had no view, which we didn't come to China for.STAY AT THIS HOTEL. IT IS GREAT!	
Apr 8 2008 	Good hotel and great location	We were impressed by the entrance and lobby area. All the public areas are well maintained. The reception dealt with us quickly and efficiently. The bedroom was clean, quiet and with modern furnishings. The linen is good quality. The bathroom was also a good size in good condition and clean. Towels are good quality. We had all that we needed. Bathrobes and sandals are provided. The TV was a large LCD with a large selection of english channels including CNN, BBC world, HBO, Discovery and National Geographic. The bed was confortable.The location is very good and is in walking distance of shops and restaurants.The bar provides live entertainment, although chinese renditions of western songs may not be your cup of tea - you judge.The buffet breakast is a good mixture of chinese, continental and western full cooked breakfast foods. The service is good.	
Apr 7 2008	Don't look any further just book it!	My husband and I just returned from 3 nights in Beijing at this fantastic hotel. All the other reviews have summed up this property well and the only thing I can add is - if you want a well located, value for money, nicely appointed, friendly hotel don't waste any more time looking, just book it!! Beijing is a very exciting, vibrant city - enjoy!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Amazing Service	We have traveled all over the world and the service at Park Plaza Wangfujing exceeds all others. From the gentlemen at the door and the bell desk to the front desk and the wait staff in the fantastic restaurant Bloo Dining the service was by far the best we have ever experienced. Every need was met in a flash and the hotel was planned with so much detail. Friendly and responsive are the two words that best describe the staff. You can exchange currency at the front desk and electric converters are available from housekeeping. Stay here, you will not be disappointed!	
Apr 3 2008 	Incredible Hotel Perfect Location	We stayed at the Park Plaza March 18-March 23rd. This hotel absolutely met and exceeded our expectations. We picked this hotel due to the numerous and wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. There were three of us and we stayed in a suite with a separate bedroom and living room. The living room had an attached bathroom which came in handy for the 3rd guest. We had access to the executive floor which came in handy at the end of a long and exhausting day touring and shopping. The staff was wonderful, knowledgable and spoke very good english. The breakfast buffet was plentiful and had numerous choices including a made to order egg bar. We only had one complaint and that was the climate control system. We had seen this same complaint from other guests. We just compensated by opening the window. As far as location is concerned, this hotel has a great location. it is about a 15 minute walk to Tianmen Square and the Forbidden CIty. We found numerous restaurants within walking distance. They were very good and not expensive. Many of the people who have written about this hotel have said that there is a Starbucks across the way - even better, there is an ATM machine in the office building outside the door. We found one thing with the hotel, however and that is a majority of the taxi drivers dont know where this hotel is. You MUST ask the hotel to e-mail you their name and address in Mandarin. We also found that once we were returning to the hotel, the taxi drivers would not take us because they didnt know where the hotel is located. Since the Park Plaza is right behind the Regent, i would suggest walking over there and asking them for their card - i would definately stay at this hotel again and recommend it to anyone - it was great	
Mar 30 2008 	fantastic would recommend	We had a fantastic stay at this hotel. The rooms were comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful. We wanted to go on the overnight sleeper to X'ian and the staff went to the station to book the tickets in person!!The breakfast had a good variety of both Chinese and Western dishes served in a buffet style.The major sites were about a 15- 20min walks away, although it was worth it for the service and price of this hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	Definitely worth a return visit!	I spent 6 nights here based on other reviews here and wasn’t disappointed. I booked via the hotel website to obtain the suite upgrade offer and was given a room on the upper floors. This also gave me free internet access and use of the Club floor facilities (mini breakfast and early evening snacks and Happy Hour!)My check in was slightly marred as the room wasn’t ready –a surprise as it was 2pm but I was offered hospitality in the Club floor area whilst I waited. The suite was great, spacious and as other people have commented – clean. The only challenge was working out how to use the room thermostat and I had that cracked by the 3rd day!The breakfast is typical buffet style with some Chinese options as well as western style standard fare. The restaurant, called Bloo, in on the 2nd floor and surprised me slightly by having a smoking section, but this has a separate set of tables. All the staff were pleasant and spoke enough English to get by.I found the concierge and doorman both to be more than helpful and as other reviewers have commented, a very good reflection of the hotel hospitality.Lastly, the location is great for access to Wangfujing Street and the Forbidden City. There is also a subway just around the corner which is very cheap a good way to get around if you want to avoid taxis.All in all this was a great experience and I am happy to recommend it for other travellers.	
Mar 24 2008 	Park Plaza Beijing Rocks!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Everything about the place is awesome. The lobby and grounds (much of the latter being shared with the Regent) are beautiful, and the front-desk staff was prompt and courteous. The rooms were well decorated and spacious with good-sized bathrooms. The bell desk guys were so helpful. For example, I needed help with a local SIM card, and one of the staff walked several blocks with me to the nearest China Mobile office and stayed with me until my issue was resolved. Incredible service from everyone! I would, however, like to specifically acknowledge the exceptional service provided by Nick at the front desk and Betty in the Club Lounge. These two employees are valuable assets to the hotel. They provided friendly and professional service above and beyond what I expected in every respect. Indeed, Betty and Nick made me feel at home during my four-day stay. No complaints about anything!	
Mar 19 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay at Beijing Park Plaza	Following the trip advisor rankings of hotels in Beijing and trying to stick to a budget, we decided to book our 7 day stay at the Beijing Park Plaza - Wanfujing. We were not only pleased with the staff and the service at the hotel, but the location was also excellent... only a few blocks away from one of the most popular shopping &amp; restuaruant areas in the city --&gt; Wangfujing Street.ServiceThe check-in and check-out process was flawless. The concierge was very helpful. He gave us directions around town, helped us book a day trip to the Ming Tumbs and the Great Wall, and promptly got us taxis whenever we needed them. On-Site RestaurantOur rate included breakfast, which had a good mix of eastern and western foods. The staff seemed to be a bit moody at times, but after realizing they worked shifts from 6 am to past 10 am, we understood why!!! (We had the same waiters for breakfast as we did for dinner)RoomThe room was clean and had a good view. The bed was a bit hard, but this doesn't seem to be uncommon in China. Everytime we called housekeeping for anything, they would have someone come to our room in less than 5 minutes... which we thought was outstanding! The day before we were supposed to leave the hotel, we were sent a complimentary tray consisting of fresh fruit and a bottle of wine - a nice touch and a great way to end our trip.	
Mar 19 2008 	Love this hotel!	This hotel is wonderful and I can't fault it. It was a haven in a very polluted city full of people trying to squeeze every last yuan out of you.1. Rooms - We had a twin room. It was spacious, spotless, very comfortable and modern. Suits people on business as there's a large desk.2. Staff - All very friendly and efficient. If you're looking to book a tour, we highly recommend going to the concierge desk and asking them to recommend and book something for you. The tour operators will pick up and drop off at the hotel. For any part of the Great Wall, we recommend a guide called &quot;Lily&quot; who speaks excellent English and is very knowledgeable. Our tour consisted of just Lily, the driver, my sister and I.3. Location - Very central and you are near a hutong, Wangfujing snack street and lots of restaurants, shops and ATMs. I also felt safe in the area.4. Facilities and other - Internet was free when we were there and the breakfast buffet was plentiful and diverse (Japanese, Chinese, Western).	
Mar 14 2008 	Great value great service close to everything and quite new	We had an excellent five night stay at Park Plaza. We were upgraded to a junior suite. It was very new and beautiful decorated. The staff was very helpfull, especially the concierges. I strongly recommend you to ask them for places to visit and great restaurants. We considered the Holiday Inn Central Plaza, but prefered the location of Park Plaza. The hotel is not so big, and therefore it can be difficult for the taxidrivers to find it. The hotel will give you the directions written in chinese, so you can show it to the driver. The hotel is located in the same complex as the five star Regent Hotel. It's probably the same owner. It takes you about 20 minutes if you walk to Tiananmen Square or Forbidden City. In the evening it was only a short walk (5 min) to the street with the many strange food stalls or the big shopping street. The hotel was very clean.It was a great place to stay, especially for couples.	
Mar 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at the Park Plaza for 5 nights during late Feb. Actually decided to stay here after seeing the reviews on tripadvsior and I'm glad that we did.After arriving from a long flight from Australia and also realising just how cold it is over there in winter we were glad that it was a swift and easy check in and that we had been upgraded.Our room was on the 15th floor (top floor) and it was lovely. It all looked new and clean. The beds were abit firm but we got use to it and the bathroom was quite small...however our friends in the next room had the same set out but their bathroom was quite alot bigger. The only issue I guess was that there was no space to put our toiletries which was annoying.Breakfast was excellent. It was sooo good to have scrambled eggs or omlets made up for on the spot. We generally didnt need to have lunch because we filled up on the breakfast.There was also a starbucks opposite so that was handy also.We pretty much caught taxis everywhere because it was so cold and the doormen was great in telling the taxis dirvers where we wanted to go and then giving us a card with the taxis numberplate and the chinese names for places.In terms of location it was good it was about a 8-10 minute walk to Wangfujing Street, the concierge tried to tell us it was 2minutes but I'm guessing he must run it or something. One thing to be aware of is that in Beijing just because the pedestrian crossing flashes green doesnt mean cars stop.On our first night we were nearly wiped out by a bus..after the first couple of times we learnt to keep up with the locals!We also booked an acrobatics show through the hotel. It was ok but probably not worth what we paid for the seats but it was something to say we did.On the day we had to leave we had an early flight meaning we would miss breakfast so we let the front desk know and whilst leaving were giving a packaged breakfast which had cold meats, yougurt and pasteries which was a really nice touch.Overall I would recommened the Park Plaza to stay in!	
Mar 1 2008 	I loved it!	When I first checked in it was around noon and they asked me to wait for a couple minutes so they could get the room ready. I went for a 30 minute walk and when I returned I had been upgraded to a suite at no charge and it was amazing. This is one of the newest and cleanest hotels I have ever stayed at. The computer work station was in an area that jutted out with a floor to ceiling window. The staff and location was excellent. I will definitely stay here anytime I am in Beijing.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good Bet In Beijing	I don't see how anyone could complain about this hotel. Firstly, it is an outstanding location within walking distance of great shopping and tourist attractions. It is one street off the main drag so it is quiet. They had a special on their website for a suite and I found the room very nicely appointed, spacious and quiet with comfortable bed, pillows and amenities. The separate shower had instant hot water with lots of pressure. The food was good at the buffet breakfast and the staff spoke english and was very courteous. This may not be the ritz carlton, but you are not paying those prices, if that is what you want, then stay there but for a great overall experience in beijing at a very reasonable price, this is a winner of a place.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great hotel	The Park Plaza was a wonderful treat! The location was great and close to the metro. The staff was very helpful and spoke English very well. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the hotel offered many various trips to see the sights in Beijing. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great service and location	We stayed here for 4 nights in February.The rooms are very nice, free internet, large bathrooms.The location is great, however since it was freezing while we were there, we took advantage of the taxis. Pretty much $2 total everywhere you go.The concierge is excellent and had great restaurant recommendations. We ate at Da Dong for the Peking duck. Very good. They did send us to one of the acrobatic shows, the one with the kids, and we did not like that. Go to the big named ones.They also set up a great wall tour for us to Metianyu. It was pricey at 800RMB for the 2 of us, but was great. We had Tony as our guide.The breakfast buffet was AWESOME!! That was the best part of our day. It was included in our stay.Getting there, take a cab. its between 75-95 RMB. Make sure you have it written down in chinese, and also I would print out a map because our driver still had some trouble finding it.	
Feb 23 2008 	Fabulous hotel with helpful staff	We couldn't believe the deal--about $75 a night for a centrally-located and beautiful hotel. Great staff, gorgeous rooms, convenient location, and a Starbucks 30 feet from the entrance. Concierge arranged Italian, Thai, and Chinese restaurant reservations, even booking a private dining room for six when we showed up at 6 PM on Valentine's night! Prices on this will rise, but for us, it was a sweet deal.	
Feb 21 2008 	Excellent hotel	The room is new and spotless. The lay out of the room and bothroom has been 100% thoughtful and &quot;human&quot;. Security is good as they do monitor those who use the lift to reach the residential quarter. Service is tip-top and has nothing to be picked at. Bellboys are friendly and helpful. The hotel is just 5 minutes walk (or less) from the infamous Wang Fu Jing high street. Lots of restaurant and shops around. Also only 30 minutes walk to Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City, or RMB10 starting price by using taxi. Not only that, the Metro station is located right outside the Hotel. In short: Excellent spot, wonderful hotel. Definitely recommended.	
Feb 19 2008 	Fabulous	We stayed there a while ago but absolutely loved it. Jeff, the concierge was extremely helpful and spoke good English. I can't wait to go back there especially now the subway is finished.If anyone is there or about to go there check out the fabulously decorated toilets on the floor where you have breakfast. Would love to have a photo of how they were decorated. Had one but lost it.	
Feb 13 2008	Nice room	We stayed here for 3 nights during first week of Feb 2008 and had a wonderful stay. The room and the king bed was very nice. Being tired walking around Beijing, a firm bed was enough to mend our aching back by the time we got up in the morning. We did not accept an upgrade when checking in. The US$ 30 extra each day for the upgrade had a free breakfast - its not worth it. We used to go a couple of blocks away from the hotel every day to the Taiwan Hotel where they had a great buffet breakfast for just $14 for two. Otherwise the hotel is conveniently located next to the metro stop and a street with many restaurants. The bell desk recomended us to an acrobatic show but did not find it worth it. They must be making a commission on the tkts. They even wanted us to use their services to book a trip to the Great Wall but we got a very nice trip elsewhere at less than half the price. The Hotel lobby is tiny and the front desk is the only thing which is not impressive at all.	
Feb 5 2008 	Nice mod hotel	This is a thoroughly enjoyable hotel in downtown Beijing. The hotel is very new and not overwhelming in size. There are many attractive and stylish features. The rooms and especially the bathrooms were modern and well designed. Internet was freely available and fast. The hotel sits practically on top of a subway stop which is very convenient and easy for getting around the city. A starbucks is located just outside the front door.	
Jan 27 2008 	This is a wonderful hotel with friendly staff	I recently visited Beijing from Jan 13-22nd with my finance who happens to be Chinese. I decided to book 3 hotels just to keep the week interesting as we were only going to stay in Beijing. We spent a bit more time IN the hotels than sightseeing as it was VERY cold in Beijing the week we were there. Anyway for me especially, I loved the Park Plaza hotel. When we first checked in a friendly staff member tried to get us to upgrade to a suite from the deluxe room we already booked. Though the suite sounded good...included the Breakfast buffet plus a free 2 hour happy hour I still declined the offer.Check in was very quick and very friendly. We got to the Deluxe room and immediately I noticed it was VERY clean, smelled clean..and was rather modern. However after a few hours I felt the Deluxe room was just a bit small. (The other 2 hotels we stayed at also offered rather small rooms..so maybe this is just the way it is in Beijing, say vs a hotel in NY) We contacted the front desk later that day and asked to be upgraded to the suite the next day. When we finally moved to the suite...it was in a quiet corner of the hotel I felt wow..this feels like home. So the next 2 days we stayed in the suite..and it was just wonderful. Modern electronic thermostats in 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 tvs etc. All this for about $40 more a day..but you get free breakfast and the happy hour. If you like to drink (I don't) you can get as much Johnny Walker Black or Chivas as you can handle plus some finger type foods. I only mention this because I happen to be a wine/liquor salesman and Johnny Black is NOT cheap. So if you like to eat..and drink a little, the upgrade more or less pays for itself. The Breakfast buffet we felt was pretty good...and I felt everything was rather tasty and fresh overall.Basically I was most impressed with the cleanliness and overall FEELING of being VERY at home rather than in some cold strange hotel. There was just a good vibe about the Park Plaza I did not at all feel about the other 2 hotels we stayed at very nearby. I think for the money..the Park Plaza is a VERY nice friendly place to stay. When I got home to NY I was asked to fill out a survey that the P Plaza asked if I would do for them.. I gave it good grades..and shortly thereafter received a personal letter of thanks from the hotel manager..they seem to genuinely want to please. Overall I think most people would have a nice stay here...if you can afford it, the Suite to me was a big plus!!	
Jan 25 2008 	Wonderful place to stay	Park Plaza is a nice place to stay after a long day of walking. The rooms are modern with enough closet and drawers for all your clothes. They replenish 2 complimentary water bottles everyday as well. It is conveniently located right next to the new subway station. So if your serious about shopping in the Silk Market, you can easily get there without the hassle of getting caught in traffic. The breakfast though is not that great, it's just ok. I think having bfast there once is enough. The concierge and front desk speaks decent English so you will be able to get directions if needed.	
Jan 25 2008 	A Waste of Money. Spend a Bit More and Relish Their Sister Hotel	My fiance and I stayed here during our Christmas holidays from Dec 22-28 The reviews of this place had us thrilled and excited, but the only thing we left China with was a polluted taste in our mouths and an assurance if we ever go back to Beijing, PPW's sister hotel, The Regent, will see our business before this -3star establishment ever does again. We booked our reservations online through the goldpointsplus program and were guaranteed the best rate bar none. When we checked in, the desk clerk offered us an upgrade to a junior suite, (which we took), but as we later found out, we were charged for the breakfast upgrade twice. After several complaints the manager offered us a 10$ discount off our total bill, to which we refused. In the end we were offered a free nights' stay, but to this day we are still waiting for the refund we've been promised. We've been told it could take as long as two months for the transaction to process, so I suppose we'll just have to wait and see. The check in girl was nice enough to notice my Christmas Eve birthday and offered us a free birthday cake which was really thoughtful. With our upgrade we had access to the club lounge, but checking in from there took more than TWO hours before our suite was ready and available for us. (We were told there were cleaning issues, lightbulb issues, etc.) The lounge access was a constant issue and we were often denied use of the internet until I became angry enough half way through our stay that it never became an issue again. Having lounge access made us feel more like thieves than privleged guests. The room itself was wonderful and I have zero complaints about it (other than heating issues, but after a day or two, the thermostat was fairly easy to figure out). Our bedroom was spacious with tons of storage and even the plasma screen tv was enjoyable. The bed was a dream to sleep on and the bathroom was clean, spacious, and inviting. I wish I could say the same for service and staff. Our breakfasts at PPW were the one thing I dreaded every single day. Breakfast ran from 6am -10am (seems to end early by 4star standards) and things were rarely (if ever) tended to. Hot dishes were greasy and clearly re-used from the day before, stations were cramped and poorly maintained. We came late and the food was terrible. We came at 6am and the food was equally terrible if not more so. The chef working the egg station showed me obvious and continual contempt when I asked for egg white omelets, cheese was left to dry on plates, and cold cuts looked old and unappetizing.  If you're going to do a buffet in a small space, do it small and do it fabulous, don't fill it with terrible foods poorly prepared and easily forgotten.  The morning of my birthday we came down late for breakfast and were told we couldn't eat any food that was still out from buffet service. When we asked if we could have some of the cold dishes we weren't allowed to do so, even though numerous tables were still eating and helping themselves to the clearly open buffet.   We were forced to order off the menu and our eggs benedict was the worst thing I have ever tried to eat in my life. The eggs were hard boiled and sat on spam and soggy toast, then broiled.   My fiance and I are absolute foodies and this was an absolute travesty. The waitress clearly saw I was upset and refused to do anything about it. We politely voiced our complaints to the manager, and the first thing he tried to do was quiet us with the fact that a birthday cake was due to arrive in our room. He also told us he'd refund our breakfast, but we never heard back from him and the refund never did come. Room service food was mediocre at best, and the infamous birthday cake was left in our bedroom for FOUR days, despite numerous requests to have it removed. We tried to be subtle at one point and destroyed the cake with our cutlery and smeared the plates to make it look like we'd eaten the thing (which we did not). The cleaning staff actually replaced our cutlery and plates but wouldn't remove the cake! It took three separate phone calls to housekeeping, room service, and finally the front desk, to get the offending dishes removed. Christmas Eve was spent at PPW's sister hotel The Regent. Let me say it right now...pay the money and stay in luxury! The hotel is in much better condition (PPW's lobby is dated, dark, and dank, just like their in house restaurants). The Regent staff have smiles on their faces and look to truly enjoy their jobs. They are helpful, the atmosphere is one hundred times better than anything PPW had to offer, and their Christmas Eve seafood buffet was a dream worth waking up for! We even won two prizes that night and were lucky enough to come back for a FREE Christmas Day lunch buffet and high tea in the lounge area. I could go on and on about more, but judge for yourself I suppose. I was thrilled by the reviews posted here and all my fiance and I experienced were disappointment after disappointment.  Bottom line? The room's at PPW are up to par but everything else (staff, surroundings, service, food) are WAY below a 4star rating. Again, pay the extra 10 or 20 dollars and upgrade yourself into a real hotel.	
Jan 20 2008 	We recommend this Hotel - Detailed Review	Summary: Excellent choice, great location, hotel/rooms/facilities &amp; staff are excellent. My friends and i all recommend.General InfoA group of about 10 of us stayed in this hotel over the 2007/2008 New year period. Between us we shared the superior rooms and one deluxe suite which included buffet breakfasts for 2 for 2 days, and free happy hour drinks+finger foods again for 2 for 2 days. I should warn you that although there were 4 of us in the deluxe suite, you are not permitted for all 4 to go at once. You must use 2 coupons in 1 day, and the other 2 the next day. The reasoning behind this is beyond me personally.LocationWangfujing is considered one of, or the most high class/expensive areas in Beijing. By staying in this hotel, and location, you can expect a very clean environment and very spacious paths. Despite a population of something like 15million you would barely believe it when you walk around this area. There is just so much space that overcrowding is not an issue at all. It is a close walk (10-15min) to the shopping area and food markets where if you're daring you can try things like scorpions, starfish and centipedes. You also feel extremely safe in this area. Located directly in front of the hotel is a starbucks, ferrari, Lamborghini and Roll's Royce outlets if that is an indication of the type of location you will be staying at. While walking to the shops you will also pass Novotel hotel and i think it was Regeant. Many restaurants are also along that road as you walk. For the price you pay i think this hotel is a bargain. In terms of getting to other tourist attractions from this hotel there were no issues, it is quite central to everything. Taxi's are cheap and we had no complaints about taxi fares because everything was quite close.Rooms/FacilitiesNo complaints, rooms look modern, clean and beds are comfortable. We were all very happy with our rooms. As with all hotels i stayed in in china, you also get free bottles of water everyday. The deluxe suite is very nice i should mention and included a large LCD tv in the living room, sofa bed and a nice study table. The bathroom is shared and is very big. The toilet is also in its own you could say cubicle and quite far so you don't have to worry about brushing your teeth and holding your breath because someone just did a dump.StaffVery friendly, i must admit due to some complications and the fact that there were 10 of us staff were under pressure but they acted very professional and kept their cool. They can all speak english quite well.	
Jan 15 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My wife and I stayed here for 2 weeks over Christmas and we didn't have one single complaint. The hotel is central - A 10 min walk to Wangfujing and is on top of a subway station which is really handy. The room was fantastic, king size bed, fantastic view and free broadband as well. The staff in this hotel should be cloned and sent to every other hotel - Never was a request a problem, they were genuinely happy and always greeted us. Breakfast was amazing and so was their Christmas buffet. We also took advantage of the happy hour offer and was real value for money. I will definitely stay at this hotel again if we are in Beijing.	
Jan 13 2008 	The Best !!!!!!!!!!!!	I book this hotel online after reading some of the reviews on this site and we were certainly not disappointed. We stayed at the hotel for 8 nights over Dec/Jan 2008. Upon checking in we were given the opportunity to add daily breakfast for two, a room upgrade and happy hour in one of the bars daily for an extra 280RMB (approx A$45 per day), which we decided to take up. The room that we had was a magnificent suite with a seperate lounge and desk with TV, seperate bedroom and large bathroom. It was just beautiful.We had a problem with the airconditioning/heating on the second day of our trip and when we spoke with the reception they moved us to another room immediately. The staff at the hotel were always extremely helpful, nothing was too much of a problem and most staff spoke very good english.The concierge desk was also the best we came across in our travels of china, always willing to help with directions, taxis ( writing down the plate number in case you had a problem), restaurant recommendations etc etc I can not express just how helpful this was travelling independantly in a country where very little english is spoken. The gym in the hotel is fairly small with a couple of treadmills and some other equiptment, although there was rarely anyone else using the facilities. Breakfast buffet was amazing, a few morning it was very busy but they had a huge range of western and chinese cuisine. The bar on the 15th floor in which was part of the upgrade package provided free drinks from 5.30pm til 7pm offering a range of wine. beer, soft drinks and even spirits (johnny walker black, gin, campari, barcardi etc etc) and both hot and cold nibbles.The hotel also offered free internet in the business centre, which was great. The location of the hotel was great, a short walk to the shopping malls, forbidden city etc Taxis were always about and there are many restaurants and even a starbucks within 50m if you don't feel like going too far. I can't rave enough about this hotel, it really made our trip to Beijing magificent !	
Jan 12 2008 	Greatly Exceeded Expectations	We were delighted with our stay at the Park Plaza and felt that it greatly contributed to the quality of our stay in Beijing. The room was really lovely - all the decor and amenities felt like a 5 star hotel.The staff, especially the concierges, were more than helpful. They not only gave us excellent advice but offered to obtain our train tickets from the station (saving us the hassle) and did not charge for the service -- only for the cab fare. We were also delighted with the door service - helping us into cabs and giving directions to the driver as our Chinese is quite elementary. Also they made wonderful suggestions. But best of all we noted the cheery greetings from all staff in the morning and when we returned or just passing in the lobby. Although other hotels gave similar service, none compared with the &quot;desire to please&quot; attitude of the staff. We felt this not only reflected the excellent hiring skills but also the training of the staff.	
Jan 5 2008 	Christmas Magic at the Park Plaza	Staying at the Park Plaza hotel was a great experience. Hotel is abouta 20 min walk to Tianammen and Forbidden City. 10 min walk to Snack Street and main shopping area. The concierge were very helpful in booking city restaurants and also in ensuring that your taxi driver knew exactly where he was going before setting off. The hotel providedhelpful translations of all the main tourist destinations so if you got lost you could idiotically point at the card and magic your way to where you wanted to go.We had a lovely view over a hutong. Housekeeping was fantastic, the place was spotless and a very nice touch.....on Christmas Eve a little parcel of cookies and chocolates was left in our room. Staff very friendly. This was the first hotel westayed in in China and unfortunately for the others, it was the bar to which we measured the others against. Booking direct with the hotelseems to get you the best rates and it was definately great value for money. Would absolutely stay here again. We were very sad to leave thehotel and Beijing, a fantastic city.	
Dec 31 2007 	Better than I imagined.	I read positive review of this hotel and had high expectations. The hotel and staff were even better. I rented two rooms for a week. My 20 something daughter was so comfortable at the hotel she chose to stay there an extra two days while I traveled for two days. The hotel is nicely decorated with comfortable and inviting lobby bar spaces and the hallways and room have a teak wood look this is modern and warm.Beautiful bathroom and rooms with high functioning lighting and nice amenities. The fitness room is well designed. We liked the carpeting and decorations. It was like exercising in your living room.The staff spoke English very well and they were just fantastic at helping us with various arrangements. It was nice to be recognized at times and we found the hotel staff could recall earlier conversations and arrangements. A beneft of staying at a smaller property.Once we learned the subway system, it was convenient having the station next door to the hotel.	
Dec 29 2007 	Fantastic	I stayed here for five days in December. I got an amazing deal on Expedia for about $65 per day including tax (excluding breakfast though). The hotel is in a great location, close to tourist activities and shopping. It's modern and very pretty inside, but best of all, the service is fantastic. The staff is super helpful and friendly.Overall, this is a great hotel for business and tourists alike. Why pay three times the price at the five star Peninsula (or other hotels) around the corner, when you get the same quality and service at this place. Who knows though how much longer such great deals can be had?	
Dec 29 2007 	Park Plaza beijing absolut top	We stayed for 10 days at this excellent hotel. As other reveiwers have mentioned, this is a 5 star+ hotel for a 4 star price. Yes they might miss some special features to get the 5* rating, but none that we missed. We had an fantastic roomy suite, which felt like home and was kept very clean and nice during our entire stay. The staff of the hotel, without exception, was very friendly, helpful and courtious with a special mention for the business lounge staff. The location is also excellent with many tourist attractions within easy reach. Great value and we definite recommend this hotel to travellers to Beijing.	
Dec 28 2007	Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing was our oasis of comfort in Beijing	Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing was wonderful. My husband and I stayed for 5 nights in late November. The service by the staff was excellent across the board. The room was spacious and the bedding comfortable. There is a lovely lobby with a comfortable lounge to sit and relax and have a drink after a day in Beijing's pollution and crowds. The concierge (there were a few in the days we were there) were all helpful to us in figuring out how to get from A to B. We were very pleased with our stay and would go back if we were to ever go to Beijing again.	
Dec 24 2007	perfect location	Stayed for 5 nights in early December with my family - 2 non-smoking rooms, 1 double and 1 twin, as requested. We weren't able to be given adjoining rooms, but were on the same floor.Rooms are great - quite sleek, and everything looks new, the bathrooms are also nicely done. No smell of smoke at all, was definitely a non-smoking room.Location was fantastic - in a downtown area near Wangfujing street. I agree with previous reviewer - most taxi drivers don't know where it is, unless you know the Chinese name for the hotel. (saying it is next to the Regent can help though).The breakfast buffet was fine, although some of the breakfast staff were a bit slow to serve tea/coffee etc.The doormen were very helpful - once we were heading out to meet a friend, but didn't quite have the right address written down in Chinese. They immediately offered to ring my friend on her mobile &amp; found out the correct address, then made sure the taxi knew where we were going.Recommend a restaurant called &quot;Xiao Nan Guo&quot; which is in the JinMao tower opposite (can't remember if it was on the 2nd or 3rd floor) - very sleek interior (all black), great service (best we had in Beijing), food was fantastic, and very very reasonably priced. Definitely recommend this hotel!	
Dec 8 2007 	Loved the location	Hotel was a little difficult to find; would recommend that you download the hotel name and address in Chinese characters to show your driver.Booked a superior room and was upgraded to a deluxe room upon check in. Rooms are new, clean and internet access is free.Its walking distance to Wangfujing shopping area and forbidden city. Eating places are also accessible and more importantly they cater to non-chinese readers like myself with pictorial menus.Overall a great hotel to stay in - superb value for money.	
Dec 5 2007 	lovely hotel and friendly staff	Stayed here for 4 nights, hotel was immaculate, staff in all areas were very friendly and helpful, expecially the 2 doormen. Starbucks just outside front door, Wangfujing St about 10 mins walk, all meals at restuarant were excellent qualitiy and price was quite good too. Would highly recommend	
Nov 28 2007 	Be very careful staying here--promises get broken	The four of us stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing Wangfujing in November, from the 12th to the 16th, four nights. I paid for both rooms. I cannot stress how crucial it was to have non-smoking rooms, so instead of simply booking through the website where one room didn't allow me to choose smoking or non-smoking, I decided to call Carlson directly via the toll free number on their site. Things went down hill from there...Pros: Rooms were spotless, housekeeping was very thorough. Spacious rooms meant room to relax and have our local friends over for evening coffee in our suite. Walls were a little thin, but the comfy beds meant that we slept well anyway. Porters, bellhops, all wonderful. Breakfast buffet selection excellent, congee to omlettes and lots of variety in-between, very good quality. Service at restaurant also good, although the coffee was weak. Since there was a Starbucks accross the way, we just bought ground coffee and made nice strong coffee in our rooms using the coffee pot provided. Concierge arranged taxi service for us to the Great Wall, which was very reasonable at 700 RMB. Decor at the hotel was relatively modern and comfortable, muted earth tones throughout. The staff all spoke passable English, even though two of us, myself included, were fluent in Mandarin. If not for the front desk staff, I'd be a convert: near-St. Regis quality at better than half the price.Cons: After a year, I really would have expected this hotel to have worked through its growing pains. The US reservations call centre thoroughly screwed up our reservations that were so critical to us, so after a few calls to Corporate Customer Service, one free night (of the eight I was paying for) was offered. This was compensation for my hours and hours of calling both US and Chinese Carlson offices/locations trying to get this resolved.I was reassured twice by staff --at the local hotel-- that this was all taken care of, however upon check out I was told by the morning staff that they knew nothing about the issue, feigning ignorance. They conferred some more, all the while not realizing that I understood all that was being said (I am caucasian). Not fun. Finally, one particular representative, and I'm quoting here, concluded: &quot;This was the US call centre's problem, and they never contacted us. Since it's not a local problem, we are not going to honor this promise. We are separate and the US can't control us. We are not giving you one night free.&quot; I realize that Beijing is 12h behind the US call centre, but basically what happened here is that no one in China was willing to get the job done, to confer and make arrangements behind the scenes.The US can't control us!? What's that all about? This hotel chain made a promise that they broke. They gladly accept reservations arranged courtesy of the call centre, but when things went awry, they decided that they were a separate entity, when it was convenient... We had a flight to catch, travelling on to Hong Kong, so I was stuck, I had to pay.Be very careful--these people don't keep their promises. The assistant manager has also since informed me that they still aren't going to honor the request, and that they don't even guarantee non-smoking rooms when requested! This is one of those places where you just might not get what you bargain for, so I'd be very reluctant to recommend staying here, even with all the positives. I'm sure that other American hotel chains in Beijing are much more willing to put their customers first. The front desk staff here needs to go back to charm school.In the end, the US folks are mailing me a cheque for the one free night, but would I stay there ever again? Nope. It's a matter of trust, that when things go wrong, you can count on the people in charge to make things right and fix the problem. Not the case here.	
Nov 26 2007 	Excellent Hotel - Location Room and Staff	The hotel is located behind its sister property, the Regent Hotel, and the subway station Dengshikou (Line 5 - new subway line) is next to the hotel. Starbucks is just next door if you need additional caffeine shots and Wangfujing pedestrian mall is around 8-10 mins walk away. Though its facilities are not as grand as the Regent, they are still very comfortable, trendy and clean(!!). The staff members are enthusiastic and helpful, which makes up for the slight language challenges (common encounter in Beijing). I now understand why it had won the Park Plaza Hotel of the Year 2006. Try its website for excellent deals.	
Nov 22 2007	Excellent service!	This a hidden gem of a hotel, tucked away behind a bigger hotel and therefore shielded by the sound of inner city traffic! Excellent service. We arrived in the afternoon and they told us our room wasn't ready so they were upgrading us to a suite for our 4 day stay! Amazing suite on the executive club floor.Just a few wee problems....the air conditioning didn't work very well and the food was a little average. Would not hesitate to stay there again though as the service was excellent and very friendly.	
Nov 18 2007 	V Nice Hotel in great location	V nice modern hotel near the main shopping street (Wanfujing) and about a 20 minute walk from the Fobidden City.The hotel doesn't make enough of it but the building complex the hotel is part of sits on top of a metro station on the new line 5 (just opened). The line runs north-south and connects with all the other metro lines. There's a flat rate of 2 Yen per trip which is 7.5p!Hotel rooms and reception are very nice. Ther view is not great as all the rooms (I think) overlook an office/restaurant/hotel block which is about 75m away (the other hotel is called The Regent). There's also a Starbuck in this block.The staff are all very nice and friendly but not all have great english. Great value, would definately stay there again but not a &quot;waw&quot; hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Excellent hotel	I was in charge of the arrangements for a group of 54 people traveling to China in September 2007. Not only was I extremely impressed with the beautiful rooms, facilities, and location, but the service as well, particularly for the price. Our reservation was complicated, not just because we had so many people, but we had several participants who arrived and departed on different dates, needed special airport pickups, etc. I had communicated these needs to the management for the 2 months leading up to the trip, but was still worried about potential problems given the complexities of our visit. I'm pleased to say that all went off without a hitch! The manager of the hotel was amazing. He was waiting for me when our group arrived, and gave me his cell phone number in case I needed to contact him at any time. I felt the hotel management and staff truly wanted our business and were happy to assist us in any way possible. I would stay here again without question!	
Nov 12 2007	excellent hotel	we stayed here for three nights in august 07. the hotel was excellent. the rooms were beautiful and very clean. there was a very nice area and the restaurtant was also very good. the staff were extremely helpful and friendly at all times. it was approx 10 minutes walk to wangfujing shopping st. i would definately recommend.	
Nov 8 2007 	Excellent Hotel at a Great Location	The four-star rating is a result of the hotel not having frills such as a swimming pool or a fancy restaurant. The guestroom we had was beautifully furnished, new, clean, and modern. The service is also first rate. With many international hotels nearby, a major shopping area within walking distance, and the new No. 5 subway line 20 metres away from the hotel's back entrance, one can't ask for more in terms of location. The only drawback was the in-room thermostat insisting on setting itself at 25 degrees celsius, regardless of what we tried to set it at. Overall, a very nice hotel that I wouldn't hesistate in recommending to friends.	
Nov 6 2007 	i luuuuuuuved it!	park plaza is an absolute MUST! i could not say enough about this place- very friendly and helpful staff (front desk, concierge, maid service- everyone was eager to help us), great food for reasonable price (main restaurant has a variety of food. also, try the noodle place. it's great!), clean and spacious room/bathroom, and excellent location! i've been to many 4 and 5 star hotels, but this 3-star rated hotel (i'm not even sure why this has only 3 stars- it far exceeds the quality of a 3-star; i must say, the only thing that is similar to other 3-stars is the price =)) was actually a lot better than an average 4-star hotel in europe. there is no doubt- i will definitely go back to park plaza in beijing!	
Nov 5 2007 	comfortable hotel near all	Prompted by the long list of favorable reviews we booked a five night stay at this newer hotel near the tourist sites of Beijing. Located on a quiet side street, tucked in behind the Regent hotel, our taxi driver from the airport had a difficult time finding it. On the other hand, our sixth floor room looked out onto a hutong, and we could observe from above the life on the street of one of these fast disappearing old neighborhoods. Pedestrianized Wanfujing Street, the major shopping street of Beijing, is but a couple of blocks away and reached in a short walk.Check-in was accomplished by friendly, efficient staff, who along with the bell captain never tired to assist us with information during our stay. On setting out for a day of sightseeing, they would write our destination in Chinese onto a business card of the hotel to show the taxi driver, who as a norm spoke no English.Our room was comfortably furnished with a king size bed with a great mattress, nice linens and pillows, desk, flat screen TV, phone, broadband Internet access, mini-bar, coffee and tea maker with supplies, and the closet held everything from shoe horn over cloth bush to ironing board and iron. The very nice bathroom with terrazzo counter top, modern bowl shaped porcelain sink, tub/shower, came with very soft towels, cotton robes, and an ample supply of toiletries. Minor nuisances were a very slow draining sink from which at times emanated an odor, noisily slapping doors in neighboring rooms, alarm clocks and wake-up call rings audible through thin walls, and not restocking the mini-bar for two days. Laundry service turn-around was prompt and within the time frame promised.Liberal use of light colored wood to line walls enhanced lobby, restaurant, bar, hallways and elevators. Breakfast was served buffet style in the second floor restaurant and offered something for everyone. An omelet cook stood by as well. Dinner was served a la carte or buffet style.The western style entrées were okay, though not exactly fine dining. For that one can go next door to Daccapo in the Regent hotel for some delicious Italian food, prepared by the Swiss chef. Lovers of French food will not be disappointed at Justine, a short taxi ride away. The lobby bar/lounge offered entertainment some nights. A lobby shop and a business center, albeit expensive, round out the public area of the hotel.In summary, we were thoroughly happy with our stay at this newer hotel, which provided a comfortable base from which to venture out to explore the sights in and near Beijing. It deserves its four star rating. Should we return to Beijing, we will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 5 2007 	One of the best!	We stayed a week and LOVED this hotel!!! Clean and spacious rooms. Staff bent over backwards to be friendly and accommodating.Everything was 5 star. Concierge was a great help! Food in restaurantwas good, especially breakfast, and we normally closed down the restaurant with snacks and drinks late at night. They even boxed up our lunch for the trip to the Great Wall.Oh, and there's a great restaurant across the street where you order a pot of broth, it comes to your table on a hotplate &amp; you add your favorite ingredients...yum...not sure the name. There's a Starbuck's right there, too, and a Bank of China around the corner. Couldn't askfor more. Close enough to all the attractions without too many crowdson the street. (Out of the way, but in a GOOD way). For a couple bucks, you can get a metered cab anywhere!!! (Be careful downtown...we almost got suckered into an expensive ride late at night...only use the METERED cabs.)We walked from Park Plaza to Tienanmen Square one morning at sunrise,but I wouldn't recommend it for most people...we are walkers and we got winded! Better to take a cab or even cab to the subway. It was quite a hike...Even the staff looked at us like we were a bit crazy when we said we'd walk. The maps are deceiving! I would highly recommend Park Plaza. We will stay again without a doubt!!!	
Nov 5 2007 	Very Pleasant Stay	I had a very pleasant experience at this hotel during a six-day stay in late October 2007. Staff were friendly and helpful, location is superb with a new subway stop tucked around the corner (and not yet on most tourist maps). Very clean room, lots of thick towels, high-pressure shower nozzle, elegant bathroom decor, comfortable bed, complimentary broadband connection, bargain price. Most definitely would stay here again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Terrible experience	Given the extremely laudatory comments, I must have been quite unlucky.I arrived in the room at 10 pm: nice room, but when I tried to connect to Internet, I discovered that the plug was broken. It took 3 hours to have it repaired.Then I went to bed but the room was next to the elevator, terribly noisy, I slept 3 hours. At 6 am I discovered that rain was pouring in the room thru the window. I called and was told I would be immediately transferred to another room, which was the case 5 hours later.The new room got cold in the afternoon: I called and was told that indeed heating was not any more woirking but that it would be repaired asap. Three days later, it has not been, in spite of my repeated requests. But they were kind enough to bring a tiny heating device: I am still freezing, but at least it works !!I w&lt;ill be delighted to leave to-morrow.My conclusion and advices:- I must have been quite unlucky, in many other aspects the hotel is pleasant- there is obviously problems of maintenance- be sure to have goos sweaters etc.. in case of heating problems- do not come if possible for business purpose: any problem will take hours of your previous time to be solved- do not use the expensive business center: one photocopy will cost you 1.5 US $, so 30 $ for a memo of 20 pages.Good luck!!!	
Oct 30 2007 	Good Location Friendly Hotel	We spent a few nights here at different ends of our Mongolian travels. We were upgraded to a business room on one stay and got the best slippers of our entire 51 day trip!The hotel is friendly, in a great location and walking distance to the Hutongs, shopping and night food market. It had fee broadband internet and good size rooms. We left really early one morning and the hotel arranged a packed breakfast for us and took into account our dietary requirements.We stored our luggage at the hotel when we went to Xian and there were no problems. Overall a great hotel - felt like home from home by the time we left. Comfy beds (unusual for the region) and good service.We were lucky enough to be upgraded to the sister hotel for one night (next door) The Regent and were spoilt by the Regent Breakfast buffet, but never went hungry.	
Oct 18 2007 	Loved the Plaza Wangfujing	WOW! I consider myself a hotel snob and I can't tell you how many hotels I reviewed, looked up, checked with travel agents and read every reveiw I could find on each of them....WELL, we did it right. Our stay was Oct. 1-7, 2007. WITH THE NATIONAL HOLIDAY, THE ENTIRE TOWN WAS PACKED. THAT IS THE ONLY THING I WOULD CHANGE! Try to avoid that holiday.Our hotel was wonderful. It was four star plus as USA standards go. I was afraid that it would be less than was shown or stated but I was pleased right from the moment we pulled up to the front door. It is located right behind the Regent Hotel and is owned by the Regent. First, the location was perfect. It was close to everything and walking distance to many attractions including Wangfujing Street and the night market. But don't make location everything because taxi rides are dirt cheap in Beijing.The Lobby is very modern, the hotel is just a few years old and the staff spoke good english. They made wonderful suggestions and were always willing to direct the cab drivers, write the name of your hotel for our return back. The front desk cashed travelers checks with no problem, except once when they ran out of Chinese currency and told us we needed to return about 2 hours later. The exchange rate is the same for cash and travelers checks. Our room was beautiful. The bed was comfortable and pillows were soft. Everything was spotless. The bathroom was large, modern with marble everything, the tub large and new, water pressure great and perfect flushing toilets. They had all the modern aminities and the toothbrushes they give you are first rate just in case you forget yours. We got our room on the higher floors, but I would not pay the extra as I saw a room on the lower floor that cost much less then ours and was the exact same. We did get the breakfast plan and it was quite nice and held us most of the day. It was buffet with all the trimmings including dim sum which I love.I did call for room service a couple of times and the service fast, food hot and the steak fries were the best I have had anywhere. They are quick to respond to any requests. I did tip the bellman and I think they are now starting to expect it even though they don't ask or make any gestures. Just a few $$ really goes a long way.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. MAKE SURE BEFORE YOU GO THAT YOU HAVE THE HOTEL SEND YOU THE ADDRESS IN CHINESE BECAUSE IT IS SO NEW..... If you want more bling in the lobby, stay at the Regent, but I am sure you will pay more. Again, service great, room outstanding, food better then most in Beijing, and the hotel also gives you free bottled water every day for your trip around the city. Last thing, if you are not on a organized tour, YOU MUST HIRE A GUIDE! That was one of the best things we did. It is really inexpensive and since the taxi drivers don't speak any english, you need one especially if you want to see the city. My best shopping was a the Silk Market.I would be happy to answer any questions about the hotel or city, shopping as I wish I had someone to answer mine before I went.Have a wonderful time!pjdaut@aol.com	
Oct 15 2007	A Great Base in Beijing	For the life of me I can't understand what people are griping about with this hotel. The room was great, the location is excellent and the food was good too. You can walk to the forbidden city, the night food market and Wangfujing shopping street, and Tiannamen from here. The staff is very friendly and they will only put you in honest, licensed cabs with a map back to the hotel to give the return driver. The concierge can arrange just about anything you need. Next time we are in Beijing we will plan to spend the entire time in the Park Plaza.I will say a few things that could be improved on,1) The buffett is expensive, especially the breakfast and especially for China. However, The food is fairly good and it managed to keep me happy.2) They need to add at least one person to each shift that speaks english fluently. The staff speaks passable English but if you want something out of the ordinary(Like a glass of ice for your bottled water) they have trouble with that.3) More rooms so that I can get one on short notice.All in all a great hotel and a great experience, I definitely give this hotel my stamp of approval.	
Oct 14 2007	great location very good hotel	We got a very good deal on this hotel, and after the positive reviews we read on tripadvisor we decided to stay there. We were not disappointed. It is an excellent location, to where you can walk to the Forbidden City. In and of itself that was great.The central location also lends itself to cheap taxis for other sites. The rooms were a good size, and very clean. I would not say they have 4 star appointments by any means - more like 3 to 3.5 star style rooms. Free high speed internet was very nice. The food was decent - mostly western food and japanese it seemed. And there is a Starbucks right acroos the driveway, which was nice. The staff were all very helpful with maps and directions. The best thing they helped us with was a driver to take us to the Great Wall for the day. For $100, this made everything really easy for us. We even had enough time to go to the Summer Palace on our way back (the car hire was for 8 hours), as well as stop at a convenience store for snacks and water. The driver they got us was great. One tip - on our way from the airport our driver was very confused as to which hotel it was. There are several hotels of similar names. And just saying it in english or pointing to the name and address in english was not helpful. I would recommend asking someone in the airport who speaks english to write the name and address in chinese on a piece of paper for you. We were lost and finally had to ask people on the street for help.	
Oct 9 2007 	The best hotel we stayed at in China	We visited China for two weeks staying in Beijing, Xi'an, Hangzhou and Shanghai and we can say that this hotel was above and beyond the rest of the hotels we stayed at (the rest were about the same price). They spoke fluent english, the room and bathroom was clean and very modern. It has good access to Wangfujing street and nearby shopping. It is less than a 30 minute walk to the Forbideen City.	
Oct 7 2007 	hotel taxi are overpriced	the hotel and rooms are nice and the price for the room is ok. location is not bad but could be better. never had problems with taxis not finding the hotel.The hotel arranged a taxi for a one day trip and they charged me rmb 1000 which seems rather expensive. I booked the room via the hotel webside. while booking the webside stated that the room will be charged within 24 hours but when I checked out, I had to pay again. not sure if I got charged twice.	
Oct 4 2007 	Good base for everything	Stayed for 2 nights on a room only basis.Good quality hotel , staff friendly and helpful.Used Bloo Restaurant in the hotel and food of a good standardand reasonably priced.For the price we paid for this hotel this was value for money for a hotel centrally located for both shopping and sightseeing. A must is the Great Wall of China but try to aviod on Chinese public holidays.	
Oct 3 2007	Much more than I expected	I trusted the reviews of former travelers in Trip Advisor, and it could never have been better. The hotel has an excellent location, just 10 minutes walk to the Forbidden City &amp; Tiananmen square, and 5 minutes to a pedestrian street packed with shops.I booked the hotel through Expedia, and got a rate of $120 approx. When I arrived, I was given a standard room, so I asked for an upgrade, which was immediately consented. I stayed in suite 1005, on the 10th floor, which was around 45 sq mts divided into a living room with its own toilet and a bedroom, with a huge bathroom. The suite had one TV set in the living room and an LCD in the bedroom.Breakfast was not included in the price, but there was a Starbucks cafe almost next door.Laundry service was very good.	
Sep 25 2007 	Good Business Hotel	Good Business Hotel - relatively close to Dong Fang Guang Chang area (all the underground malls etc). Very large spacious rooms and free internet. Good value for money.	
Sep 20 2007	Good rooms walking distance to shopping close to restaurants	I stayed here with a tour group recently. I have to echo the other positive reviews. The fitness center is a little smaller than I'd like, but there are treadmills and some weight equipment.I thought at first it was a little far from shopping, but it's still only 5-10 minutes walk to Wangfujing and some good restaurants.The hotel lobby and bar are small and not impressive, but the best part is that the Park Plaza is right next to the Regent (sister hotel?) which has a beautiful lobby and is a nice place to sit for a drink. They also have a better selection of scotch! Several of my friends and I went there and noted the bar prices at the Regent are not much higher than the Park Plaza. It was worth going next door for the better ambiance. Breakfast was good and the selection changed every day. There is a large nonsmoking area. The smoking section was light and airy and is where I chose to sit everyday. It didn't exactly have a view of anything but it was a nice place to sit and the smoke wasn't too bad.Service was generally good, and the bell staff and concierge were very friendly and helpful. I didn't ask them for directions often, but when I talked to them they were glad to give advice.I would definitely stay there again. I will admit, if the Regent weren't right next door I wouldn't enjoy it as much, but it's like having access to the amenities of a 4 star hotel at a 3 star price.	
Sep 18 2007 	5* service 3* price	Very pleasant hotel for the price. Staff were friendly and approachable and general level of English was very high, Concierge was especially helpful providing us with useful advice and tips for the area. We where lucky enough to get a room upgrade to a beautiful room on the top floor. Location is very close to the forbidden city and other sights, could not really ask for more. The only drawback was the one small bottle of drinking water each a day which was a little annoying however more was very easy to buy from shops nearby.	
Sep 18 2007 	Park Plaza Wangfujing	The Park Plaza Hotel is a relatively new hotel (less than 2 years old) connected to the Regent Hotel. Food and bar services at both hotels can be charged to your room. Rooms are comfortable and in excellent shape. Staff, and in particular the concierge/doorman group, are excellent. All were able to converse in english and made arranging taxis and trips very easy. The doormen provided a card with your destination in chinese, taxi number, Park Plaza Hotel name in Chinese and a small area map (that facilitated the return trip) each time a taxi was used from the hotel. The hotel desk offered currency conversion for many currencies including usd, cad and aus at better rates than we could get at home. The hotel is within walking distance of the Wangfujing shopping area and within 200 meters of the not yet open Subway line #5. Breakfast buffet featured both Chinese and North American style food including an egg station for fresh eggs/omelettes. Overall an excellent experience and very well valued 4 star hotel.	
Sep 15 2007 	coming back	great location , we are not backpacker so for the price ($145)we went all the way and got a suite . this hotel is near forb.city/tiananmen (5 min.by taxi) and walking distance to shopping&amp;street food. the hotel and the area are very modern and clean.( downstair from the hotel ,you have a ferrari/rollroyce dealer!!!!) we did not try the food at the hotel .all the staff were friendly &amp;helpful with all our needs. you have a &quot;starbucks&quot; near the hotel entrance .(for the homesicks!!).we did not use the subway cuz the taxi are so cheap($1.30 for the 1st 4 kms)so a 30 mins ride will cost you around $4).you have better hotel(grand hyatt) but the price is not the same($300 for a room,not a suite) .you can go there there is a nice restaurant&quot;made in china&quot;they make a very nice peking duck and is not expensive (crispy duck for 2 pax/ $18). the courtyard resto was great as well,very romantic facing the forb.city. the hotel concierge will help you with the tours for the great wall. for the city tours no need,just take a map and a taxi(so much fun). for the great wall ,i do not recommend &quot;badaling&quot; is too busy ,but &quot;mutianyu'&quot; was the best ,not too many personne.you have a cable car to reach the top(or walk!) then after walkin along the wall(1.5 miles down) you can take a different cable car down OR you can slide down the mountain on a &quot;tobogan&quot;(great) .the private driver(upgraded vehicle) for the day was (8hrs) $95+ tips!! enjoy your trip :)	
Sep 11 2007 	Great choice in great area of Beijing	I stayed at the Park Plaza for a week in August and really liked the hotel. Having looked at the Park Plaza website, I'm not sure that I would have stayed in any of their other properties but this was a cut above. The rest of my hotels in China were five star and this one could certainly compete with them on almost every level (perhaps the rooms were a bit smaller and there was no pool). The hotel is very new and modern. The rooms are clean and spacious enough for two (though i was only one person in it). The location is great just a block away from the Wangfujing shopping street. It's not far from the Forbidden City but, since distances are so large in Beijing, it makes sense to take cabs anyway (and they're cheap). What really sets this hotel apart from other 4 star properties is the service - which was at a 5 star or above level. From the front desk to the restaurants to the absolutely excellent concierge staff who always put 110% into everything they did (I can't speak highly enough of them). I would call this a 'small 5 star' hotel rather than a 4 star and highly recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 11 2007	Overrated	The Park Plaza in Beijing is okay (average at best). While it has decent rooms (clean &amp; new), the service is sub-par when compared to similar hotels in China (for the same price). Its the little things around service ... a meager breakfast buffet (cannot serve cappuccino, canned juice), only one small bottle of mineral water /day, bellboy complaining about a tip to our guide (Tips are not expected in China!) etc.On the plus side, its decently located (close to Wangfujin shopping area, Tiananmen square is a 15-20min cab ride away (there's no subway nearby) &amp; has a very helpful concierge. End of the day, its a fair deal - however doesn't deserve to be #2 on tripadvisor.	
Sep 4 2007 	Nice western style hotel near city center	The hotel is a clean western style hotel centrally located. The staff is efficient, and the concierge and door men are very helpful. The amenities for this hotel are sub-par when compared to similar properties catering to western travelers ... for ex, the gym is limited, business center has slow internet, etc.The breakfast was not well prepared, but did offer some local options, as well as those westerners are accustomed.The hotel is in walking distance to Wan Fu Jing Shopping District and the Forbidden City/Tianamen Square. There are also charming bakeries and local eateries around the corner. Keep in mind that city blocks are very large in Beijing and cabs are required for most attractions, and this hotel is not in walking distance to metro.	
Aug 30 2007 	Very good place	Stayed for two nights with complete satisfaction.The hotel is quite new and that shows from the cleanliness of both the lobby and the rooms.Our room at 10th floor was spacious, clean and comfortable, see the pics!The restaurant was good as well and the staff was simply lovely.Definitely go there!	
Aug 27 2007 	Top Notch	A travel buddy and I stayed at this hotel on 2 separate occasions and we loved it. The rooms were great. The staff was excellent. We actually walked back from Tiannamin square to the hotel through the Wangfujing shopping area. The bell hop helped us plan most of the daily travel and had a car reserved for each day we needed him. There is a starbucks across the alley way for the coffee drinkers.	
Aug 25 2007 	loved it!	It was tucked on a back street but a short walk to the shops. The major sights were a bit farther but also within walking distance. The staff was wonderful! The hotel is new, so the rooms were modern and well appointed with american current in the bathroom for our appliances . I liked the scale of the hotel, not too big. I have stayed in other hotels in Beijing, but so far, this is my favorite. I would return. Also, for what it's worth, they were building a Starbucks right across the walkway from the front door.	
Aug 24 2007 	Sleek Lovely Fantastic Location Park Plaza	We had an absolutely lovely stay at the Park Plaza! Sleek, new, Asian interiors. Fantastic location right off Wangfujing with a serene atmosphere and lovely service. The family with us has stayed at the Peninsula and the other top two hotels in Beijing and said that the rooms at the Park Plaza were bigger and as nice for probably much less than half the price! The only thing missing was the giant, super fancy lobby. However, the lobby at the Park Plaza was lovely as well and had an intimate, calm atmosphere. Easy walk to the night market on Wangfujing Street. Highly recommended! One of our rooms was upgraded to a suite and it was two full rooms with two full baths--very luxe.	
Aug 24 2007 	Comfortable stay in hot summertime	This hotel is ideal for travelers not interested in complete luxury but in clean comfortable modern accommodations. The rooms were decent sized, the bathrooms were spotless, and the lobby was warm and inviting. The only downside is the expensive Internet station, but overall highly recommend this property.	
Aug 19 2007 	An OK hotel with some significant lapses	Its an OK hotel, but lets not get crazy. Some things that bothered me include the following:They do not respect the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign, which here is enacted by pushing a button which enables an illuminated sign by the doors entrance.I stayed on the sixth floor, and tended to want to relax in the afternoon, and on three consecutive days:a) cleaning staff knocked on the door, asked if they could come in. I said no. Then 15 minutes later a maintenance guy actually OPENED the doorb) the next two days in a row, they CALLED and asked if it was OK to enter. You see, they did not want to disturb me by knocking and thought it would be OK to --call on the phone--Does this staff receive any training at all?-------The buffet breakfast is OK--not great, but certainly OK. My beef was that the price of the buffet was not shown on the menu or anywhere else. It actually costs more than the American breakfast as served by a waiter--but there was no way for anyone to know this.The poor waiters are not at fault, nor were they prepared to explain this situation,--------The hotel is clean, the staff is nice (despite the above ) and I would stay there again. But I cannot understand the above lapses.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Place to Stay	This hotel proved to be excellent value. The quality of the rooms was good, the staff were friendly and helpful, and there was little to complain about. All the comments and reviews from previous Trip Advisor reports proved to be accurate and set appropriate expectations: the hotel is tucked away behind the Regency Hotel and taxi drivers do struggle to find it, but once you get there the cards provided by the hotel provide good directions in chinese to major attractions and the hotel for outings and that return trip.I need to make special mention of the concierge staff, who were just fabulous. They provided a good language bridge for communication problems, and came up with great solutions for our plans during our week stay at the hotel. They were much more helpful than any other concierges I have dealt with in the past, and they were always careful to make sure we were safe.The lounge staff in the hotel were keen as mustard to please, and tried very hard, but their inexperience in hospitality was obvious, with some memorable moments. One needs to be patient and understanding with the lounge staff - they want to be good and with time and practice, I think they will get there.Overall we were very pleased with the hotel and would not hessitate to stay there again.	
Aug 14 2007	Great hotel in Beijing	Booked this through American Express, paid approx $90.I was hesitant and debated between Holiday Inn and the Plaza because many of the reviews I read mentioned problems with communication but I've found the important staff are able to communicate and the concierges are excellent. Both conceirges I've dealt with spoke great english, were very knowledgeable and helpful. Initial problem for taxi's to find the hotel as it is tucked away behind the regent but once you're here the hotel provides a map as well as a business card. The map is great as it shows you key destinations in the area with both english and chinese so you can show taxi drivers etc. The business card has these destinations as well as some other helpful phrases. We got someone in the Airport to phone the hotel to provide us a chinese version of the name and address.From a business travel purspective I was really pleased to see all the plugs are adaptable for multi country so you don't need an adaptor. Something many hotels can learn from. I'd rate the rooms better than most hotels I've stayed at feven or higher rates.The breakfast buffet is good although pricey for Beijing. I would suggest you roam a little and eat in some of the local restaurants.	
Aug 11 2007	Pretty good value	I stayed her for 3 weeks in July 2007. Overall a pretty good hotel at a good value. It's not the nicest hotel in Beijing but it's probably the best value. I managed to get it for under $90/night, and that included internet access. It is in a very good location, walking distance to Wangfujing and the Forbidden City. The rooms are 4 star quality. The beds are pretty confortable and the tv offers up quite a few US channels. The bathrooms are nice.On the down side I don't like the following:- no pool- it's hidden behind the Regent hotel and not taxis can find it- in total I've checked into this hotel 5 times and they have screwed up my resevervation (date, price, room) everytime. I have yet to get into my room in under 30 minutes.- the towels are paper thin	
Aug 6 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	Great hotel in Beijing. Really good location, about 20 minutes walking from Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, and 5 minutes from the main comercial area. The Concierge was really helpful and had really good english. The rooms were new and modern. The breakfast was ok, it was not included and for China it´s a little pricy, but you have a Starbucks near, so... Would definately come back to this hotel.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great hotel!	This hotel was great! The price was right especially for the weekend. I found the staff very helpful and accommodating especially the concierge. The rooms are nicely appointed, and although they all pretty much look the same, there is a nice character to them in terms of decorations. The room service is also very good and very prompt. The location is also great, just a few blocks from the Wangfujing shopping street. The only thing that I would advise against is the 2 RMB/Minute internet. Try to find an internet cafe in the area. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 1 2007 	Great hotel loved it	We stayed for 6 nights, and booked the hotel based upon the reviews here on tripadviser. It lived up to expectations.Location is great, a 15-20 minute walk from Wangfujing Street, Forbidden City, Tienenmann Square. Staff was very friendly and helpful, arranging trips for us, writing directions in Chinese for the taxi drivers, mailing our postcards.Even with Chinese directions, many taxi drivers had a hard time finding the hotel. It is tucked away off the main street behind Jinbao Tower. Coming in from the airport was a challenge since we ourselves could not help the driver, however once we knew where it was we were able to gesture to show the driver where to go once we approached the road it was on.The room was very comfortable and everything worked perfectly. A/C worked great. The complimentary in-room broadband internet access worked without problem, though it was a little slower than I expected.Morning breakfast buffett was awesome, with a tremendous selection of American and Asian food. It was a little expensive compared to the cost of the room, but that I think is a minor complaint.All in all, we had a very good experience at this hotel and will definitely stay again.	
Jul 25 2007 	I'd Go Back	Good location. If you don't mind exercise, it's within walking distance of Wangfujing Street, St. Joseph's Church, Oriental Plaza, Donghuamen Night Market, the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square, the Museum of Chinese History -- and even Liulichang Culture Street if you're up for a bit of a hike. Only a 14-16 RMB (around $2 US) cab ride from the Back Lakes, Prince Gong's Mansion and the Sanlitun Clothing Market.Some taxi drivers didn't know where the hotel was because it is set back from the street. But if you show a map with the Jinbao Tower marked out in Chinese characters, you should be able to get there. In front of the hotel, there were showrooms for Rolls Royce, Lamborghini, Ferrari and Maserati. Behind the hotel, there was a hutong (traditional neighborhood) that we never got around to exploring.There's a Starbuck's across from the entrance to the hotel. The cake, pastries, coffee and juice there were cheaper (and better) than the Continental breakfast served at the hotel. And there's a beer garden outside the hotel, with bottled beers and beer on tap. And in the Jinbao Tower, there are ATMs that allow transactions with foreign bank cards.If you book through Expedia, make sure to print out a hard-copy of your itinerary or e-mail confirmation, since the hotel reception desk requires this at sign-in. The staff was courteous, helpful and friendly. Many spoke passable English. Even housekeeping staff had learned some English phrases directly related to their work.My only complaints are minor. First, the water pressure for the toilet wasn't all that good (although the water pressure in the shower was okay and the water drained fine). Second, the gym is pretty basic, with nothing but free weights, a running machine and stationary bike or two and a weight bench. No swimming pool. Third, not much of a view from the room we had. Fourth, the Continental breakfast was skimpy and overpriced.All in all, it was a clean, decent, attractive, well-situated hotel.	
Jul 16 2007	Loved it!	We stayed at this hotel for one night, and we loved it! We wished we can stay there longer! The hotel is very new, clean, and nice! The hotel staffs were very friendly and helpful. Everything is very westernized, and everyone can speak English,which made my boyfriend (non-chinese speaker) feel very comfortable. We will definitely stay there again whenever we go to Beijing again!	
Jul 14 2007 	Internet expensive and Concierges don't know the city well enough	The hotel regarding location, dining, room etc... is fantastic only 2 slight negatives after our stay of a week to look out for:1. INTERNET: If you don't have your computer and use the internet in the hotel's business centre it is very expensive at RMB2 a MINUTE. Cheaper to take walk 10min or take a taxi (RMB10) to an internet cafe nearby which costs RMB2 an HOUR. The internet places are open all night, have about 100 computers, all computers have headsets and microphones if you want to Skype someone and they even sell icecreams at RMB10 each (EUR0.10)!2. CONCIERGES: The various concierges at the hotel can sometimes not write down precise enough instructions for the taxi drivers which can leave you stuck at the requested location's nearby bus station instead of the requested shopping mall and they don't seem to know enough about Beijing. When we asked about a visit to the underground tunnels, the nearest supermarket etc... the concierges admitted they just didn't know or they advised us a place which we discovered in the end was further away. As a result this unfortunately left us sometimes with the need to find out thing for ourselves. Overall the hotel is wonderful and we will definitely return there again but in our opinion these 2 things could be improved and are something to look out for.	
Jul 12 2007 	Best value in Beijing	I have to admit that I booked the hotel due to the trip advisor review. I have never stayed in a park plaza before and even though I travel a lot, I decided to see how truly accurate all of these reviews actually are.Simply said, they are right. even down to the banana bread (posted by another reviewer - ps it is excellent). They even have a heater behind the mirror in the bathroom, so after a shower, the mirror isn't fogged up completely.ohh can i please say. COMPLIMENTARY internet. Why do you have to pay US$10-20 a day in other hotels. We all have it at home and it costs that much a month, These guys give it to you for free. which i think is very nice.The hotel is literally behind the Regent hotel and about a 10 minute walk to tianamen square, this is my third visit to beijing and the first time i've actually been happy with my hotel. (it's a very big and spread out city - this place is very central) The hotel is excellent. (frankly I'm not sure why anyone would spend double the money for the regent, but it's the same company so I guess they are segmenting the market). Ok the basics. the room is modern, clean and has all you would expect from a 4-5 star hotel. the buffet is good. and while not over the top. it just means that I don't spend all morning eating too much. it's got everything you need plus a few extras like really good banana bread. The taxi drivers can find the place which is also a plus (ps take the hotel card if you ever want to get home again and don't speak chinese)One tip. The concierge's there are very good. Each night I asked for restaurant recommendations and unlike some hotels that just send you to their normal run of the mill foreigner places, the guys at the desk really tried to find interesting and excellent places. Another suggestion is ask for the 'south beauty' restaurant in the shopping centre. I know is sound strange but the concierge went there, and suggested it. It has been one of the best meals in china I've had (and I've had many). i've included a photo of the business cardOverall this is an excellent hotel and it really is very good value. it's got everything you need and want. and one thing that I like that is really lacking in many chinese hotels. Soft beds.	
Jul 9 2007 	BEST PLACE In BEIJING	We arrived in Beijing on Jul 1, 2007 and stayed for one night. I only wished I could stay longer. The hotel was fantastic, the breakfast was delicious and the service was wonderful. I will definitely stay there again. Good location, too.	
Jul 6 2007 	Cosy and convenient hotel	I have been to Beijing for many times. This is the first time for me staying in this hotel. To my surprise, it located very near Wangfujing central. It takes about 8 mins walk. If you were first time travelling to Beijing, I would recommend this hotel. The hotel is small but clean and comfortable. I also got a very good rate via hotel website.	
Jul 4 2007 	great staff and free broadband internet	We stayed for 1 night at the Park Plaza upon arrival in Beijing and before flying to Lhasa Tibet the very next day. The room was very nice and the staff was extremely helpful. We only had an email from our Tibetan travel agent regarding the flight to TIbet and I wanted to make sure that we were actually booked on the Air China flight. The staff took a lot of time to call Air China and confirm that we were on the flight. They also verified that we had the proper Tibet permit to go to Lhasa.All in all, a very pleasant experience. We also really liked the free internet.For the Starbucks addicts, there is an outlet right across the street. Another benefit is the somewhat secluded location of the hotel from the main street (reduced noise from the street).	
Jun 27 2007	Very nice hotel	Very nice hotel. Still seems very new. Room was big and clean...very glad to see after a long flight. Bed nice, great pillows. Was a little worried about the sign that said, &quot;do not drink tap water&quot;....they provided 2 bottled waters everyday. Not much of a view, but who cares. Front desk was a little standoff-ish to me, but they were very talkative to our guide. Getting money was easy. Breakfast was very good, with many choices....filled up and only needed dinner afterwards. Concierge and other staff nice. Location is good...Wangfujing Mall is nearby but walk seemed to take forever....probably because it was so hot. Overall, very nice.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Value	Stayed at the Park Plaza for a several days spanning from the end of May to the beginning of June 2007. Overall, I would recommend this hotel because of its central location, moderate price, and great comfort.The hotel is located in the busy Wangfujing district...this means it's within walking distance to Beijing's premier shopping strip which is overflowwing with stores and people all day. Also, nearby are many local eateries, a bakery across the street (great for morning baos), and a Starbucks literally steps from the entrance.Additionally, the hotel is pretty posh for it's nightly rate. The room I stayed in contained double beds and was able to accomodate luggage for 3 people. The workspace was adequate and the internet connection was good...internet is complimentary! The bathroom was clean and decent sized. I also used the gym, and it was good since the equipment was maintained. All in all, a modern hotel.The only area requiring improvement is their customer service. The front desk was slow and the concierge was mediocre; neither were overly friendly. The bellhops, however, were mostly cordial and greeted us morning and night.	
Jun 20 2007 	Mostly impressed	We stayed at the Park Plaza for five nights in May and, as the title suggests, were mostly impressed by it. It's a newish hotel, very swish entrance, the rooms were spacious and very clean and the location is great - just a short walk to Wangfujing Mall (loved the night food market!), while there were some older style alleys on the other side of the hotel that made for a great morning's exploring. The concierge, the gift store staff and the staff at the in-house Oodles restaurant were lovely and friendly - but the reception desk staff not so much, more abrupt and less helpful. Every time we tried to change money, they'd tell us to come back later - after three tries, we gave up and found ATMs instead. Also, the staff in the breakfast room were run off their feet and showed us to tables that either were still being used by people or hadn't been cleared (half-full coffee cups on them). So overall, I'd rate it a very good hotel, but not a great one.	
Jun 17 2007 	This is a wonderful hotel	We spent our last night in Beijing in this hotel. We'd just spent two weeks in Tibet and this hotel was a welcome oasis. The rooms were exceptionally clean, modern and comfortable. We enjoyed room service ordering a late night snack and breakfast in bed. We found the service to be prompt and curteous and the hotel rate of $115 a night to be a great value. This hotel is approximately 40 minutes from the airport (without traffic). A great find!	
Jun 12 2007 	Couldn't ask for better	Based on the TripAdvisor rating, we booked the Park Plaza at the beginning of our trip, and we liked it so much that we also stayed there at the end of our vacation. The rooms are exactly what you need after a 10+ hour flight: spotless and comfortable (lovely soft beds, fluffy sheets, gleaming bath room, excellent water pressure in the shower). The staff is friendly and accommodating for whatever one could need, be it a dinner reservation, suggestions on what to see and do, or help booking tickets for travel elsewhere in China. The restaurant and bar are pleasant as well - in all, an excellent place to stay in Beijing.	
Jun 12 2007 	Simply Wonderful	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights &amp; it was wonderful. The hotel is very new and the location is great, about 10min stroll to Wangfujing.I booked 2 standard rooms on the internet and thought I had a really good deal. However on the day before my departure, I checked on the rates again and was shocked to see that the rates have dropped by RM200 per room per night! Anyway, when I got there, I made a little fuss and in the end I got free breakfast throughout my stay. I also requested for a connecting room and to my surprise, the connecting room seemed to be a suite as it has a seperate lounge/study room. The rooms are big &amp; new and the beds are very comfortable. We had a little problem with the airconditioning as it refuses to get to the temperature we want.There was not much of a view as the hotel is behind Regent but the room still get pretty much sunlight.I had a great time there and I'll definately stay at the hotel again.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great hotel good price and location	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The staff have all been very helpful, my room had free broadband and was spotless. I ordered room service for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the excellent service and food. If you book at this hotel check out their internet rates as I managed to get a great rate through their website. Once I arrived at the hotel I was given a free room upgrade too. The location is great for visits to many of the downtown sites and shopping. The only thing I would say is if you want to get a feel for &quot;real Beijing&quot; spend a night or two at a hotel located in a Hutong, it's a totally different experience. However, if you're here on business or prefer the luxuries of an international chain then by all means choose the Park Plaza it's well worth it.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great hotel with good location	Stayed here with my husband in May for 5 nights. Staff were really helpful, nice and friendly. The location was fantastic within walking distance to all the shops. Buffet breakfast was good with lots to choose from. We ate in a couple of the restaurants and they were quite good too. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2007	Great clean and good location.	Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms were very clean and the service was excellent. Room service was a little pricey but well worth it. Had dinner and breakfast in the room and all was very fresh and good. The staff was very helpful. Got lots of good info from Jeff Zhang who works at the concierge desk. The tours are pricey. You can find your own a lot cheaper. Set up a tour to go to the great wall at Mutianyu and had the driver all day. The charge was $800RNB. We probably would have negotiated that but we were flying in from Datong that day and our plane was delayed so the driver waited for us several different times at airport as no one really knew what time our plane was arriving. Our driver, Yong, was there waiting when we arrived as our flight was 3 hours late with cold drinks in hand ready to take us. Yong spoke english but was hard to understand sometimes. We got to Mutianyu around 2 which was perfect as it wasnt crowded at all. A cable car takes you up to the top and you can walk down or have a choice to take the cable car or toboggle down to the bottom. Of course, I took the toboggle. So much fun. Next morning went to see the Summer Palace and Forbidden City. If you are pressed for time I would recommend the Summer Palace over the Forbidden City. The Forbidden City is just a bunch of buildings and museum stuff. Best to go across the street on the back side of Forbidden city. Looks to have more interesting stuff..If you want to do local shopping. Go to Hutong where the locals go and live. Wangfujing Street is overpriced. TIPS: Best to take your hotel info written in chinese so that the taxi knows exactly where to go. When arriving at airport use the Taxi Station where all drivers are legal. The taxi station is right outside the airport and clearly marked. Almost got hustled by a women stating she was the controller and could get us a taxi. Some guy pops up out of nowhere and starts to direct us elsewhere. Probably would have paid triple if I had gone with that person. Chinese people can spot tourist easily and try to hustle them. If you ignore them and dont pay attention they will leave you alone. If you respond to them they wont leave you alone and follow you for as long as they can.	
May 28 2007	excellent hotel in the heart of Beijing	very high standard hotel at reasonable prices, comfortable rooms, very friendly staff with good english, location near forbidden city	
May 23 2007 	Nice Hotel in a Difficult City	After reading the glowing reviews of the Park Plaza, I think my expectations were a little high... that being said, after 4 days of navigating one of my least favorite cities, it was definitely a nice refuge! For the most part, the staff speaks english, which was helpful. There is free wireless internet access in the rooms, which are comfortable and modern. The location is good as far as I can tell (it always seemed to take forever to get anywhere with the traffic, obviously not the hotel's problem!) BONUS: there is a starbucks 100 feet from the front of the hotel. Yeah!My one disappointment with the room was the bathtub/shower. The tub was clogged and backed up with water rapidly, and the shower curtain is cloth (not plastic), which did not keep water in. The room was always soaked! And it smelled moldy. We dealt with it, but it wasn't ideal.	
May 22 2007 	Vanilla	My wife and I stayed at the Park Plaza Wangfujing for two nights - May 18-19, 2007.My first recommendation for this hotel is to make certain you have the hotel name written down in Chinese prior to getting in a taxi. The hotel is not well known amongst Beijing taxi drivers, at least not the dozen or so I asked to take us to the Park Plaza.I hate to start on a sour note, but the check in was simply awful. The hotel clerk, while friendly enough, must have been on his first day. He did manage to get us checked in with the help of a colleague, but when he refused to change a hundred so that I could tip the bellman I realized he was plain incompetent.The rooms are fine - clean sheets, nice bed, tv, free wired internet, mini bar and safe. The bathroom is a good size and the towels are clean. Ladies - bring your own conditioner. The best part about the hotel is the housekeeping staff. The room was impeccably clean and the turn down service a nice touch. The room service is prompt and the food passable. About 10 USD per meal per person. The breakfast is average serving low quality juices, asian and western standards and an omelet stand.I do not recommend the tours booked by the concierge. The prices are about double what you would pay at the local tour agents. Particularly annoying is the fact that the Park Plaza is the second of nine hotels on the coach pick up tour. Therefore a six hour tour to the Great Wall took eight hours while we stopped at every hotel in Dongcheng and the CBD both ways. The tours also include and stop a a 'Silk Museum' which is a blatant scam. Book a private car for tours if you have the means.In conclusion, I would recommend this hotel. However, I am not sure why it would merit such a high ranking on trip advisor. The staff is fair, the rooms are standard and the food average. The value for money is fine. The location is the best part about the place. The Park Plaza Wangfujing is a safe bet, but nothing special.Good luck in your travels.	
May 15 2007 	loved this hotel	This was my first trip to beijing, prior to choosing this hotel i had read the reviews posted. I am so glad i chose this hotel!!!The staff were amazing, the hotel was new, chic and very clean.The rooms were large and cleaned with perfection.The buffet breakfast was fantastic, the breakfast choices were roatated daily. The location is perfect, situated off the main road. Walking distance to Wangfujing Street.I highly recommend this hotel. Brisbane, Australia	
May 15 2007	Great Location Great Hotel	Stayed at Park Plaza for 2 nights at the end of the Trans Siberian Train journey and it was simply blissful! Friendly staff, central location, great breakfast and spanking new premises. Fully recommended!	
May 11 2007 	Fantastic service	Staying in this hotel was a fantastic experience. The staff were so friendly and helpful and the concierge was wonderful. Nothing was toomuch trouble - anytime we wanted to go out, the concierge had a taxi arranged in minutes for us. The hotel room was very well equipped andwas much bigger than I expected. Breakfast was excellent - there was so much to choose from every morning. I would definitely stay in thishotel again and would have no hesitation about recommending it for anyone staying in Beijing.	
Apr 16 2007 	Worth every penny	This is my first trip to Beijing. By accident I booked two hotels, the Park Plaza and the Sino-Swiss by the airport. Thank god I did this because the Sino-Swiss is an absolute DUMP. Please see my review for that hotel.The Park Plaza is a very beautiful and modern hotel. From the second you walk through the very cool revolving front door you know your in a very special hotel. Granted I have not stayed in other hotels in Beijing, but I would defintiely stay here again.My rate was 1100RMB for which i recieved a great 2 room suite. When you walk in you enter a small foyer which leads you to the sitting and work area. Great desk over looking the city, very comfy couches, which I took a nice arrival snooze on.The bathroom is fantastic, seperate (hot and strong) shower and toilet, beautiful bath and great sink. I happen to think that the most important features of a room should be a good shower/bathroom &amp; a comfortable bed. This hotel has both.The buffet breakfast caters to both western and eastern pallets. Plenty to choose from. Fresh egg station was really good. Breakfast was included in my rate.I only had two small issues, one is the check-in which took a little while and the second is the internet which keeps cutting in and out.A quick hop in a taxi (15-20 RMB) will get you to Tian’an Men Square and the Fobidden City. I will write seperate reviews on these two must see attractions.Taxi to and from the airport will run about $100RMB.Great hotel. Will stay here again.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great Hotel!	I always read the reviews posted on tripadvisor before planning a trip. After finding out that this hotel is voted as the 3rd most popular hotel in Beijing, I immediately checked out their website after seeing the average price per night. I had got a special rate of $80 CAD/night, including breakfast. I really don't think that at this price, there is a hotel that can compete with the location, cleanliness, and service. The concierge staff was excellent in providing us with information on tours and helping us get around the city. I would highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to return.	
Feb 18 2007 	Would stay there again	The staff were always helpful. The rooms were immaculate and very comfortable. The location - a few minutes walk to Wangfujing Street - was excellent. The buffet breakfast was one of the best I've had, and the lounge bar was a great place to relax after a busy day of sightseeing. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Jan 29 2007 	A pleasant stay....	I recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza Wangfujing for 6 days and 5 nights.the location is superb, just a stone's throw away from the Wangfujing Night market and 5 mins brisk walk to Quanjude, the famous peiking duck restaurant. Most taxi drivers know where it is as well.The hotel staff were friendly and top marks to the concierge and bellboys for going through great lengths in helping me retrieve a package i left on my trolley whilst getting into a taxi at the airport. - and realising it only after 2 hours!!! Could not have asked for better bunch of people. Most of them spoke English although some, rather basic. what I liked was the 3D location map of Beijing, provided by the hotel to all guests. It also indicated approximate taxi fares to the popular tourist locations from the hotel, in order to prevent you from being taken for a ride by the taxi drivers literally. Only down side was the lack of breakfast buffet variety - it didnt change one bit in 6 days....after the 3rd day, I could decide what I wanted for breakfast whilst in the shower. :POverall, will not hesitate to stay at this hotel the next time I am in Beijing again.	
Jan 21 2007 	Perfect Location for a weekend stay	Wife and I stayed here for 3 nights and it was within walking distance to the Forbidden City (&lt;15 minutes) and subway stop (Dongdan). Easy to get to shopping and food (2 blocks from Wangfujing St). Customer-facing staff spoke excellent english and always made sure that the taxis got the directions right before you left the hotel. Great breakfast buffet as well. Will definitely stay here again if we're back in town.	
Jan 17 2007	First rate hotel	Great hotel: large rooms with every amenity conceivable. Great buffet and very friendly, accommodating staff who spoke excellent English. The rooms were overheated, however, and the temperature could not be adjusted. Also, the lobby bar is understocked if you like martinis.	
Jan 15 2007 	Highly recommended	Where do I start? The concieger was superb. (got me a phone card at midnight.) (got me a newspaper as I sat in the lobby waiting for my ride.)The entire staff spoke English and understood my everyword.smashing decor in the entire hotel. The hotel was very modern &amp; clean.The room &amp; bathroom was very clean.The water temperature could cook a Lobster.Do try the Japanese noodle restaurant located on the first floor. Very affordable and very yummy. I could eat there everyday.see attachement for their menu selections.Breakfast buffet was a plus. Cater more toward westerners.There's a traditional Beijing restaurant 2 blocks from the hotel that offers good local dishes. (walk out and make a right on Wangfujing street)Anyways, I could go on.Your getting a great hotel without the heavy price tag.I paid $89 including the breakfast.This is why I gave it a 5 stars.Bottom line: I will stay here next time I'm in town	
Jan 6 2007 	Great place to wind down after a day of walking	Location - Convenient as hotel is located 2 bocks from Wangfujing St. Aaround the corner, there is a 24 hour convenience store here you can buy water and snacks from.Room - Fantastic as we had a suite on Corporate rates. No issues with water pressure and heating. Plasma tv was a bonusConcierge services - Nelson provides A grade service. He tells you the local hot spots/bars and places to eat and shop. Also, when we were out once and having trouble translating our destination to our taxi drver, we just called up the hotel, spoke to Nelson to help us translate to the taxi driver. Spotty service from the rest of the concierge staff.Breakfast buffet was good. Omellete man was there too!Overall - I would stay there again if I am in BeijingK&amp;G, Australia	
Dec 17 2006 	Nice 	This is a nice and relatively new small 4 stars hotel in a central location... but it is not yet up to standard. I have 2 major complaints during our stay.1. Central heating does not work properly. The temperature could not be adjusted therefore it was all the time very hot and air is very dry! We had to open the windows to get fresh air to cool down the temperature but we could not sleep at night having the windows opened due to the contruction noise from the building site next to the hotel. These poor people work through the night (24 hours)! In genreal, there are many new building sites in the center and its surrounding, so pollutions and noise are really a big problem!2. Breakfast buffet is bad! The food is cold and not much varieties comparing to other hotels we have stayed in Beijing.Overall I would still recommand this hotel to others if they don't mind the above mentioned problems.	
Nov 22 2006 	Nice Hotel But... Got a little 'Lost in Translation'	I'm pretty picky when it comes to hotels. The two things I look for in a hotel are the aesthetics (modern hotels are a plus) and the cleanliness. Well this hotel met expectations for both of these areas. The hotel was very modern, the rooms were a very nice size and the room I had was very clean. Now to the service (which is really not a big deal for me as long as the aesthetics and cleanliness meet my expectations), the service could use some improving, or perhaps it was just the front desk person who assisted me. Service issue #1: My reservation was booked by my company and clearly requested a king size bed. When I arrived to my room, I found two twin beds. So I go back down to the front desk and graciously ask the same gentleman who checked me in to honor my reservation and to place me in a king-bed room. He changed me to a different room, but of course with a little attitude. So I go to my new room and before I walk in, I notice the door of the room across from mines had what appeared to be a large amount of mold growing on it. I dismissed it to possibly being caused by a recent flood, but when I walked into my room, it reeked of this mold smell. I immediately went back down to the front desk and told him about this and requested a different room. Well, at this point he was extremely agitated by me and immediately told me that there were no other rooms (w/o even looking in the computer). So I told him to just put me back into my original room because the smell of mold was unbearable. Growing even more agitated now, he snatched my room key away from me and exchanged my room. I dismissed it because at this point I was exhausted and I just wanted to get to a decent room. Service issue #2: The first night in my room I noticed that it was extremely cold. I tried adjusting the thermostat but the room never got any warmer. The next day I informed the front desk, so they sent housekeeping to my room ‘to adjust the thermostat for me’ (despite my telling them that I had already tried this).. Housekeeping adjusted the thermostat (same way I did the evening prior) and told me to just wait. Well after a few hours of shivering I phoned the front desk again. They told me, “well sorry nothing we can do, we can bring you more blankets.” MORE BLANKETS??? It’s November in Beijing and very cold outside… I wanted heat, not extra blankets!!! I told them I did not need more blankets, I needed maintenance to come up to fix the issue. They finally sent maintenance up and the heating was soon fixed.Despite my mishaps with the service, all in all this is a very nice hotel and I’d still recommend it to a friend. Just the whole language barrier can get in the way at times (as I’m sure can happen at any hotel when you’re in a foreign country).	
Oct 29 2006 	Great little hotel	Very nice hotel, lovely large rooms with new items. Only issue is the heating, which they tell me is a problem with the thermostat and a temporary problem. Great location, very friendly service and good price. Overall, just great!	
Oct 27 2006 	Park hotel modern	Stayed at the Park Plaza Beijing October 2oth 24th. New Hotel but Taxi drivers did not seem to know it even with card from hotel given to them. Hotel is hidden away a bit from the main road. Staff and reception good, Would stay at the Novatel rather than Park, only because no one could find it. Went to Great wall at Bandalang. Hated the crowds and the funny pulley cars that take you up the mountain. Glad I have seen Beijing but have no desire to visit again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Nelson the concierge was excellent	Our stay at the Park Plaza was excellent. We had a little trouble getting there as the hotel is quite new and perhaps not all the taxi drivers are aware of it. Location wise it is excellent. 2 blocks from the top of Wanfujing walking street. The rooms were nice and very clean. Everything had a brand new feel to it.The breakfast was fine, but we usually went somewhere else to have a more &quot;chinese&quot; meal.The best thing about the hotel was the concierge Nelson. He put us on to some really nice places, he wrote down the address in chinese and made sure the taxi driver knew where. One place was for dim sum, and it was so good we had to keep going back.We found it wasn't very easy to change money in China, I'd recommend just using an ATM. I've read a lot of reports about chinese ATMs not accepting cards but I had no trouble, try the Citibank ATMs.We saw a not very good acrobatics show that there were brochures for at reception. Get the cheapest seats only, it seemed that westerners all got put in the front row whatever they paid. We also saw the Shaolin monks show, that was very good.We stayed for 5 nights. Other reviews talked about construction noise and there was construction going on across the road, but it didn't disturb us.All in all the Park Plaza was great.	
Sep 29 2006 	Great service love it	This was a fantastic hotel. Fairly new, so the accomodations were crisp and clean. The concierge was so kind and patience, I'm sure they remember us for our thousands of questions (for which they had answers to almost every one). Rooms were spacious with internet connection. The hotel is on a strip with lots of other big hotels so the area is well known. However, the hotel is behind a business office tower, so it shields it from noise. We looked out our window to some water fountains below, very peaceful. Prb a $3 cab ride to the Forbidden City and Tienammen Square. The hotel can also get you reservations at almost any show or restaurant and have the tickets delivered that day to your door. Breakfast was good with lots of variety and included in the price. Would definetely stay again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	I loved the fact that this hotel was only one year old. All the staff spoke very good English especially one of the Concierges, Jeff, who was very helpful in organising tours etc. It was a 10 minute walk to the Wanfujing pedestrian mall, but an easy pleasant walk. 15 minutes walk to Forbidden City. Set back from main road so no road noise. Very modern, loved the toilets on the 2nd floor. Only problem was there was no pool but this is not uncommon in Beijing.	
Aug 28 2006 	Wonderful hotel with a great location - highly recommended!		
Jul 6 2006	Attractive and Comfortable		
Jun 18 2006	Fantastic - Highly Recommended		
Jun 8 2006	Fine Beijing Hotel		
Apr 23 2006	The Park Plaza was fabulous!		
Mar 22 2006	Fantastic First Experience!		
Mar 14 2006	Exceeded Expectations		
Jan 19 2006	Excellent		
Sep 10 2009 	un ottima scelta		
Sep 9 2009 	????????		
Aug 10 2009 	Totalement Surfait		
Jun 29 2009 	???????????		
May 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel		
Apr 19 2009 	Un grand à prix modérés		
Mar 31 2009	Klasse Lage Service und Preis- sehr zu empfehlen		
Mar 18 2009 	?????		
Feb 21 2009 	???????????		
Sep 13 2007	Muy buen hotel		
