Oct 12 2009 	An average hotel that gets everything done well	I was in Beijing recently for business and i gotta saythat i was very pleased with the folks at Days Inn Joiest, Beijing. Although there was a lack of communication (i don't speak mandarin, they speak very little english) they tried their very best to help and accommodate us.	
Jan 20 2009 	A Complete Disappointment	To start I would never stay in this hotel again!Our tour agency guaranteed us that this was a four-star hotel and that was the furthest from the truth! Upon entering you had to endure the reeking smell of smoke. Interestingly enough there were no smoking signs plastered all over the place, but the waitress was kind enough to provide people with ashtrays. The overall quality of the hotel was very poor and not newly renovated like stated by our tour guide. Once in our room, we were greeted with peeling wallpaper, hair and dirt on the floor, a corroded faucet, and a nasty, small shower. The room was really small and very unclean. We were on a tour with three other people and they all had problems with their rooms. They were dirty, the heat didn't work in one room, and others smelled of smoke. When we complained, we were offered other rooms. They were slightly larger, but the same quality. There was even a hole in the bedspread in our &quot;better&quot; room.The only redeeming factor about this hotel was that the hotel staff was nice. They weren't always that helpful, but at least they were polite. Overall, I would never stay at this hotel again. It totally ruined our trip!	
Sep 24 2008 	Horrible reeked of cigarette smoke	Our tour accidently booked us in this hotel instead of the Days Inn Hotel and Suites on Hua Wei. On first entering the hotel, I was overwelmed with the smell of cigarette smoke. The lobby was drab and dirty. We were forced to spend one night here. We asked for a non smoking room and the desk person said we did have a non smoking room, but the room had an ash tray. The ventalation system was horrible and all night long we were stifled with cigarette smoke from other rooms. We opened the window. However, all night long metal workers were loading trucks under our window. We hardly slept at all. We were miserable. The staff was barely helpful when an alarm kept going off when we closed our door. Would never reccomend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2008 	Disgusting	My husband and I paid too much money to stay at this supposed 4 star hotel. It is a sub-par 2 star and that is only because they have a lobby and a door man. When I am done writing this review, I am going to give an earful to our 'travel agent'.The hotel is filthy. We stayed on the third floor and all of the carpets in the hall are stained badly, maybe from serious water damage. We decided to take the stairs to the morning buffet on the fourth floor and what a shock: years /decades of dirt and dust, piles of old furniture and garbage, not to mention the stairs were never finished and were just creaking wood and bare dirty cement walls.Our bathroom was never cleaned properly. Each day we'd return to our room to see gross stranger's hair and debris behind the bathroom door. We asked for our shower drain to be cleaned and it never was. Every shower we took the shower overflowed (no bathtub).Please don't stay here. I'm sure you can find much better accommodation elsewhere for a decent price.	
May 29 2008	hallway insufficient lightings and not enough ventilation; non english speaking	i and my family stayed here for 3 consecutive nights. it was our very first visit to beijing last april 2008. first thing i noticed when we first checked in was there werent enough staffs in the lobby. didnt see any bell boys to assist with our baggages. hallways were very dark as lightings were very insufficient. and not much ventilation too. cant expect too much since this was an inn and not a hotel. hope management can make improvements especially 2008 olympic is 2 months away.	
Apr 22 2008 	I will go again!	I booked this hotel while staying in the &quot;Super 8 GuoMao&quot;, it was a good change. The hotel is pretty new, about 2 years old. Rooms are clean and modern. Reception staff spoke English reasonably well and were friendly and helpful. For this hotel you get a good discount if you buy their VIP card first. The booked single room was perfectly ok (in theory), but a little small, so I settled on a &quot;Queen&quot;. I was given a room really far away from the lift on the 3/F. Everything was perfect, but then at about am5:00 some machine noise started from above.Next night I was given another room, near the lift. No machine noise, but you have people walking by talking loudly all night. Next time I would probably take more time to choose a room.Pro:Nice buildingNice rooms, modern and clean, nice bathrooms tooGreat buffet breakfastNear subway (10 Minutes to CiQiKou Station, Line 5)Friendly staffClose to shopping area (ChongWenMen DaJie)Tiananmen and Wangfujing in (long, but less 1 hour) walk distanceCon:Some rooms may have machine noise problems (from the conference center above??)It's in a rather newly build commercial area with little typical Beijing restaurant options.It should also be noted that there are several bus lines in front of the hotel. All east going buses will bring you to CiQiKou subway, avoiding the 10 Minutes walk. Bus 23 brings you right in front of GuoMao Carrefour supermarket. Will stay definitely again next time.	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved Beijing	We found this hotel excellent, clean efficient, everything you could ask for in a Hotel	
Oct 2 2007 	Just getting started?	Hotel was relatively new when I was there (I think). There was some construction in and around the hotel. The facilities were great and clean. Prices were relatively cheap and the location was pretty good, however customer service was pretty awful.Food was good. Buffet had Hagen Daaz ice cream (served by an attendent... I guess his time was worth less than the ice cream). Wine and beer included (all you can drink).When we were checking out, they couldn't find a laundry bag and tried to charge us for it. We had some laundry done and they forgot to return the bag. They asked us to OPEN UP OUR LUGGAGE while they inspected for the bag. Personally, I think this is unacceptable.	
Sep 17 2007 	good for price	We stayed at days inn in August 07 for 3 nights. We booked through the hotels website which seemed to be the cheapest rate. The only problem we had was that we had booked a non - smoking room and they put us in a smoking room. When we asked to be moved they did so although their idea of a non smoking room was to remove the ashtray! Make sure when booking in at reception to state clearly what type of room you want.The staff were very helpful even though it was difficult at times as not many spoke much english. Rooms/hotel were clean and tidy. The breakfast was buffet style with plenty of choice.Overall valve for money was good, the only slight down side was that there were not many restaurants nearby and it was a 15 - 20 minutes walk to main sites.	
Jul 16 2007	Just consider this......	First of all, even tho Expedia sent us a confirmation # and an itinerary number, when we reached the hotel they had no record of our reservation. We just returned home and we tried to speak to someone at Expedia and got an operator in the Philippines after 15 minutes on hold and a disconnect; then another 15 minutes on hold to be told, &quot;we'll bring it up at our next meeting.&quot; Oh, yeah. Anyway.....As for the hotel..... As they say, &quot;location, location, location&quot;. This hotel looks nice and is quite modern. Love the clean white duvet covering on the silk comforter, the flat screen TV on the wall - even tho the CNN connection was very sporatic and BBC had picture and no sound, the shower had lots of hot water tho the glass enclosure had some sort of leak and it made the bathroom floor all wet. The funny thing about the place was that it didn't feel Chinese even a little bit. If you woke up in the room you could have been in Tucson!! As for the location, it isn't near much. Not even an underground station. It is on a busy business street so at night it is pretty desolate and not conducive to walking anywhere. You have to catch a cab to go any place and the Beijing cabbies have become very selective on where they are willing to take you. We were refused rides 4 out of 5 times we hailed one. This was our 3rd trip to Bejing and things have changed. I guess it was partially our fault because the hotel looks like a business hotel and we should have known better. Tho the description of the location being 1 km from the Forbidden City is a bit of a stretch. The congestion in the center of Beijing is unbelievable! Going to an appt. less than 5 miles away took us over 1:45 minutes and that included a cab, then running, then another cab then walking the balance of the way. Next time we'll select a hotel in a more walkable area or at least near an underground station. Each night we felt like we were captive in the hotel - no where to walk or too much trouble to try and find a cab.You decide.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great Hotel!	We (a group of 173 people/teenagers from America) have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Joiest Days Inn In Beijing and had an incredibly wonderful time! The staff was very friendly and helpful with answering any questions and exchanging everyones money. The rooms were very nice and spacious for a single or double occupancy. All rooms have flat screen HD TVs and a handful of English speaking channels (including HBO). The bathrooms were nice with the exception of the glass divider between the bathroom and the main room....you could see the person in the shower pretty well! The rooms were always cleaned and fresh towels were provided every day. There's even a little Mini-Golf course on the 2nd floor. The breakfast buffet was to die for!! They had everything and anything a tourist could want! Overall, this is one of the BEST hotels in Beijing China! Thank you.	
Dec 28 2006 	A Satisfied Stay	Our group of 14 relatives have just returned from Beijing Nanshan Ski Tour. We stayed 3 nights at this hotel in downtown Beijing and found the rooms fully to our satisfaction. However luggage delivery to our rooms were a little slow. Moreover on the last day, hotel staff forgot to pickup luggage from outside our rooms as pre-arranged.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Value for Money Hotel	Stayed at the Days Inn Joiest Hotel reluctantly at first since I could not find any reviews at all. But my travel agent insisted it's a nice hotel, newly opened and at a very good rate for budget travellers. I found the hotel to be a good one for its price. The lobby is quite similar to a hospital lobby though but the rooms are spacious and comes with new gadgets including a plasma tv in all the rooms and the bathroom gadgets are all new including a massage3 shower and a hand held shower. The buffet breakfast at the 4th floor has a wide variety of western, Chinese and Japanese foods. The staff here at the restaurant and even at the reception has very limited knowledge of the English language like any other budget hotels in China.	
