Sep 3 2009 	Good base camp for Beijing	We stayed for 5 nights at the Xinyuan Inn and used it as a base camp for our exploration of Beijing. I'm rating it as 'very good' for what it is: a good budget choice for those who want to escape the Western hotel 'bubble,' but don't want backpacker accommodations either. Pros:- Great location within reasonable walking distance of many sights- Good bus access that's easy to figure out for short hops to sights and subway- OK access to subway (15-20 minute walk, faster if you figure out the buses)- Grocery store within a block- Great view of the Drum Tower from our room- Reliable air conditioning: vital!- Value for money: at roughly $50 per night for two people, this was an economical choice over Western brand hotelsCons:- Most (not all) staff not exactly super helpful; not a huge surprise in Beijing- Breakfast selection was meh and available for just one hour per day (7:30-8:30)- Street noise could be a problem, particularly on weekends - earplugs usefulWhile the property is technically located in a hutong, and thus off busy streets, the hutong is rather modern and touristy by hutong standards - not a bad thing. Beijing suggestions:- For those who enjoy the outdoors and like hiking, strongly recommend Cycle China's 'Best-sell One Day Secret Great Wall Hike'- Hutong bike tour (we also used Cycle China for this)	
Jul 14 2009 	A Gem of an Experience - we'll stay here again	We stayed here during the Beijing Olympics and we were soooo happy with our choice. We were nervous at first staying in a more traditional hotel, but when we saw the Hutong it was on and how much more authentic it was (not very western, but they do have western toilets) - we were so happy. If you're looking for how the Chinese stay when they travel - stay here. It does not have a hostel feel at all and it's in the heart of a very fun and active area.The rooms are smaller than Western style, but they provide enough room to get ready in the morning and to sleep. The beds were on the hard side though - so if you like soft beds, you won't find them here. But I think the ambiance, location, breakfast and more authentic experience make up for it. Bring your own toiletries, I don't remember them being anything exciting. Breakfast in the morning is ok and included in the price; although there's a 7-11 type store and a traditional Chinese breakfast restaurant just steps away. One downside is the metro is a bit of a hike in warmer weather; although taxi's are really cheap.	
