May 21 2009 	Great value Good location Nice hotel	Like everything in life it’s about the ratio between what you get and what you pay.Let’s start from the basics: I stayed on the 6th floor (business rooms) with a corporate rate of less than $100 (more like $75) including breakfast.Room was good, comfortable and clean, a desk for work very useful. Breakfast rich and tasty. Location very good, not too far from the airport and with lots of things close by (restaurants, massage, shops) service- trying hard (as much as they can understand your English), Lobby nice. Not posh but absolutely nice ,and for the price of less than $100 it’s hard to ask for more. Maybe not you’re once in a life time honey moon hotel, or a place to impress your 1M dollar customer but great for anything else!!	
Jan 13 2009 	Smiling Service in a good location	As someone who has stayed here for two long term stays and looks forward to more, I can only say that, for value for money, this place cannot be beaten.The rooms are large and clean and have everything that you require. A huge comfortable bed, An attentative smiling staff for whom nothing is too much touble, Tea and Coffee facilities, Free internet, TV (at least 6 English programs) and lots more, Robes , slippers etc. etc.Breakfast is plentiful and is suited for a number of different nationalities.It's not the most modern of hotels. The corridor carpets are due a renewal soon, however, I'd rather stay here than at the modern hotel nearby that has a &quot;hutch&quot; for a room at twice the price!Anyone who complains at this hotel is not a frequent traveller!	
May 6 2008 	good hotel	the biggest advantage of the hotel is that it is close to the airport and it is also a disadvantage as taxi drivers surely are reluctant to take you from the airport to this hotel as it is close to the hotel so that they will not earn more	
Dec 24 2007 	excellent value for money	I have stayed at the Huadu hotel a number of times whilst attending exhibitions at the nearby Agriculture Exhibition Centre (not all are Ag related). The most recent being Nov 2007.The hotel's location is great being in the proximity of the Lufthansa Centre, Sanlitun bar Street, the three Embassy Disitircts (including the location of the new US Embassy) and of course easy access to the airport.The English level is not that great but is better and better each time.The rooms are clean, the staff friendly.Personal biggest dislike - the lobby lounge basically does not exist. The rest of the facilities (especially the restaurants) are good.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good Value Hotel	I stayed at the Hua Du whilst on a business trip to Beijing, it was a short taxi ride to the International Exhibition Centre. The Deluxe room was spacious and clean with good bed linen and plenty of clean towels in the bathroom. I found the staff very helpful and smiling, if a little limited by their command of English however with patience everthing worked out well.The breakfast was mainly Chinese but with a good choice, take a tip, avoid the coffee, I have yet to find a hotel in China that serves good coffee!!There are several restaurants within easy walking distance from the hotel and also a couple of small supermarkets.Overall, good value for money especially for business users.	
Aug 27 2007	Value for money	I stayed here in August 2007 and enjoyed my stay very much. I had a standard room this time (The business room only has a desk and chair as extra). The room was clean, quiet and the bed was very comfy. TV has all the channels you need, bathroom was clean and the bath and shower had a good water flow. Breakfast was pretty good, with a range of Chinese and Western food. I found the Japanese Restaurant across the road to be absolutely fantastic, and so cheap. I became a regular there for dinner, its upstairs above the Korean restaurant, which is good too, but I prefered the Japanese one. Huadu hotel is near Yashow clothing markets and about 15RMB by taxi to the Silk Markets, and 55RMB to the airport. Print out the Hotels name in Chinese before you get to China as no taxi drivers can read or speak English. There is a good DVD shop across the road too, they all worked when I got back home, so its OK. I will stay here if I go back to Beijing for sure, as its all you need, staff were friendly and the rate is so cheap too. I hope my thoughts help somebody.	
Apr 18 2007	Accomodating	The hotel offered polite service and full accomodations. The room was quite accomodating over all. Clean bedding (firm mattress), in room computer and internet access, small fridge, drinking water dispenser with water heater, robe in the closet, slippers, and tea on the table. A few simple office supplies were also provided (scissors, stapler, ruler) which came in handy on my trip. The two primary negatives were that the carpet looked quite old and was stained noticably and there was no iron provided in the room. Laundry service was available by the hotel at a very reasonable price. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and the morning breakfast included with your stay was quite excellent. I would stay here again.	
Oct 6 2004	Dirty rooms	Never having stayed in other Beijing hotels, I don't have any comparisons. But our room was quite dirty - the carpet was stained, the cleanliness of the sheets were questionable. It was a good size though. I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you're prepared to lower your expectations...	
Jul 15 2009 	?????		
