Nov 26 2009 	Good locationclean	Stayed five nights as from 19th of October. Had a quite room on high floor . Enjoyed the good location (nearly walking distance to Tianmen square and Temple of Heaven) and good transportation point near Railway and subway! Enjoyed our stay. Recomended !	
Nov 13 2009 	A bit dated but ok	Just across the road from the main railway station, I was able to check in at 8am following an overnight journey on the train from Shanghai. The Harmony is a little dated, however the room was a good size and very clean. There is kettle with tea, safe for valuables, mini bar and hte usual toileteries. However on the down side there was no bath (only shower), just one curious state run English TV channel, the air con didn't work and the bed was very hard. The foyer bar never seemed to be open and the one breakfast I had was poor, nothing left with an hour still to go - so get there early! Reception staff speak only a little English but enough to get by, they helped me hail a cab and explain to the driver where I needed to go. There's not much in the way of shops and restaurants in the immediate area, however the Oriental Plaza, the biggest shopping mall in Asia, is just a 10-15 minute walk away. And as you can imagine, you can find everything there!	
Nov 10 2009 	An OK hotel but give the staff English lessons	Hotel is centrally located. Subway station within 200 metres. Rooms are rather small and can be smelly because of smoking. Beds are rock-hard. The rooms are a bit outdated with an old TV in. No bathtub - only shower. The staff will try to help you in any way, but man, Chinese people simply don't speak English. So don't rely on the received information without double checking on it. Only one person from the hotel staff was able to communicate in English. The toilets are like in certain parts of southern Europe. Be careful with the amounts of used toilet paper or your toilet will malfunction. But still, be very happy about that standard. When you are out, don't expect a toilet, expect a hole and some solid isometric exercise of your thigh muscles. Like other reviews mention, our phone rang the first night, and we (or the I the man) was asked &quot;do you need girl company?&quot;. I refused and we weren't bothered again. The Harmony Hotel advertise with being one of the best 3 star hotels in China. In my opinion Harmony hotel is at best an average 3 star hotel in European standards and that's it.And Beijing. Can't describe it. You will have to experience it. It's easy to get around. We would recommend Beijing. And Harmony Hotel is an OK base to start every day from. But if you like soft beds, this is NOT your hotel to stay in.Camilla and Kim	
Oct 26 2009 	Good Service	We stayed at Harmony at the end of August. The service was very good efficient and quick. The first night they gave my husband and I seperate single beds. The next day I requested a double bed. They were very accomodating and moved us straight away. The location was good the price was reasonable. The beds were much harder than we are use to.There was no real social scene but we were too exhasted to do anything else but sleep.	
Aug 21 2009 	Clean but very basic	I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights in August 2009. On arrival the hotel is on a small road oppostie the train station.The staff at reception speak ok english, but you have to pay attention. They seem friendly and helpful though.The room was cleaned every day,to a decent standard. The bed however is the worst that i have ever slept in, in my entire life. To the extent were i had a bad back for the duration of my stay. There is only one english speaking channel CCTV 9, the programmes are very limited. NO BBC world service or CNN.The breakfast buffet was 45 yuan per person if it is not included in your package. it was ok and offerd a decent amount of chinese and western food.On the 2cnd floor there is a sightseeing company you can book daytrips with, we took 3 trips with the company with an english speaking guide. They were good days out, however they do include a trip to a local business on each trip, trying to sell u jade jewellery/ pearls/ and ornaments. Which personally i found uncomfortable. The staff do not leave you aloneThe bous of the hotel i think is its location, about 2km from the forbidden city and tianemen square. Also very close to wanfujing street, Beijings main shopping area.Taxis can be ordered from reception and are really cheap.	
Aug 5 2009 	Not my cup of tea	I stayed at Harmony Hotel in Beijing in July 2007. It was part of a tour we booked through China V-tours. They recommended it to us, and since we didn't have much time to research we took it...The hotel was the worst part of my China trip. The private tour (private car, driver, guide for pennies, really) itself was amazing, and would highly recommend it, but not the hotel. Although it wasn't my regular 4 star, I was expecting more out of it. I found it quite dirty, and quite scary...Though we requested a non-smoking room, and were put on a non-smoking floor, everyone seemed to smoke but us...The smoke would constantly be in the room. When we asked to change rooms, they told us that there weren't any available. I'm glad we left at 8am each morning and got in about 10pm or so, as it was hard to stay in the room. It also seemed that the walls were made out of paper, as we would hear ppl out in the hallway and in their rooms. The maids would vacuum way early in the morning before 7 am at times and it was hard to get ready in peace. The front desk wasn't too nice..They seemed to never smile, nor greet us with a simple hello. Only one person spoke broken English, so it was hard to communicate...Luckily, we had our tour guide, and she would translate for us. Breakfast was included, and it was just ordinary...The actual location of the hotel seemed a little too scary for me, and we often were bothered by aggresive locals who would sit in front of the hotel. On the positive note, the hotel is close to a lot of attractions, as well as to the train station...There are also plenty of little convenience stores (which was great) and local restaurants just around the corner...We ate at two or so and the food was ok...Overall, I wouldn't return to Harmony hotel, as I didn't feel comfortable staying there; however, I am quite picky. But if you're looking for a budget stay in a convenient location, and don't mind being disturbed through the night and early morning, Harmony might just do; afterall, most people are in Beijing to sightsee and not lounge around the hotel...	
Jun 16 2009	Friendly staff good location	We stayed in Harmony Hotel from May the 28th to June the 1st. They gave us for mistake a room with king size bed, but they changed it immediately with a twin-beds room. The staff was friendly and they helped us giving useful information. The room was big enough and clean. We asked for a hairdryer and they provided it to us within few minutes. If you need to use internet just walk towards the post office and on the corner you will find an internet point opened 24h. It's much cheaper then using internet in the hotel. The location is very good, close to the subway from where you can the reach the major attractions. I booked this hotel through w----------m with a promotion rate and accomodation was much better than what expected. I would definitely stay again in Harmony Hotel!	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location friendly helpful staff good price.	The Harmony hotel was fine for myself and 4 friends for a two night stay. The rooms were simple but clean and we found the beds fine. The location is great. We didn't eat at the hotel as there is plenty of choice nearby.The staff at the desk were always helpful and english was not a problem.Only issue we had was getting there. Not the hotels fault but we caught two taxis from the airport. One cost 90 yuan and took 50 mins the other took two hours and cost 135 yuan. The driver did not seem to know where the he was going and got caught in major gridlock. This was after I had given him the written address in Chinese and english. He even borrowed my map at one stage and rang the hotel. Return trip to airport was fine. 45 mins and 93 yuan for each taxi.Only drawback at the hotel was the cost of internet access at the business centre. 1 yuan per min. ouch!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Nice comfortable clean fantastic location 	Harmony Hotel is very convenient especially if you are doing your own thing as it is located just opposite the railway station. Take the airport shuttle from outside the airport although you have to book tickets in the airport. People dont understand english &amp; dont know where small hotels are. However, the ticket issuing person does. Take the shuttle bus to the last stop Beijing station.(but it stops before) Walk ahead for 10 mins or less until you reach the station .Keep looking up across the road to your left whilst walking &amp; you will see a board with the hotel name. Go on the overhead bridge to the opposite side &amp; take the first right into the lane. Cross the road &amp; its the tall building there. Dont ask rickshaw or taxi drivers as they will tell you its in the opposite direction &amp; charge some ridiculous price as they have to go right round. Some of the staff speak english &amp; are obliging. Changing money at the hotel is good value. We stayed in a deluxe room which was marginally more expensive than the standard room. It was lovely &amp; very comfortable. Book on the internet &amp; make sure you dont choose internet sites which do not allow you to cancel or change your booking as we have had problems with this resulting in loss of money.Transport is very cheap. buses cost 10p (1yuan) around the whole city. Subways 20 p. Make sure you have small change. Try the dumplings &amp; buns in the little shops outside the hotel. Go to the 2nd one on the same side of the hotel. It costs 50p for the whole plate. It is very difficult to get fresh coffee there except in the restaurant. Mac Donalds near the overhead bridge did an excellent deal with coffee &amp; breakfast if you didnt want to eat at the restaurant. The sights are within easy reach. Ask the reception. we walked outside the Forbidden city &amp; found a travel agent with conducted tours to the Great Wall etc. I think the tours at the hotel are good too in comparison. Internet is expensive at the hotel.10p a minute. Couldnt find any internet cafe there. Telephone calls too are pricy. Take the train to Xian from there. Flights are overpriced &amp; can be cancelled at will; as ours to Hong Kong was.	
May 19 2009 	Slept like a Log on a Brick Wall	Although the beds were extremely hard and uncomfortable, I managed to sleep well,(after the third night), because of all the walking I did. The hotel staff were excellent and &quot;padded&quot; my bed after one complaint to the Front Desk. The Front Desk staff were very friendly, spoke English and went out of their way to oblige us. As my travel companion is a non-smoker, I spent considerable time outside speaking with the Doorman. We &quot;traded&quot; Chinese for English words and it was FUN.The Breakfast Menu was plentiful and a wide variety, offering both Chinese and Western breakfast. There was more than enough food. The wait-staff, although spoke limited English were also obliging, a gesture on my part sufficed.	
Apr 25 2009 	Basic hotel in a great location	The Harmony hotel is in a great location near two metro stations as well the city's main train station. The busy shopping street of Wanfujing is in easy walking distance (around 15 minutes) and shops are open until late. The area around the hotel itself is great, with lots of restaurants where it is possible to buy a great cheap breakfast which is much better than the bland offering in the hotel. We were particularly fond of a chinese fast-food venue (i've forgotten the name!) which was located just over the road from the hotel, the staff at the counter spoke great English &amp; helped us order lovely traditional chinese breakfasts. There is also a nearby vegetarian restaurant which does an all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast, you can't miss it as there's a member of staff outside selling the restaurant every morning. The hotel rooms themselves are clean but basic. Staff were helpful, providing a hairdryer and allowing us to access our money which was stored in a safe behind the reception counter at no charge (the room itself didn't have a safe). Internet access within the hotel is only available within a dedicated computer suite and is quite expensive and slow, instead walk around the corner from the hotel where a local internet cafe is located (you will need to show proof of ID to use a computer).	
Apr 7 2009 	Cleanwell located friendly staff	The hotel is well located within walking distances of most city sites.The rooms are comfortable and very clean.The only problem is that the shower does not have enough water pressure.Upstairs you can book tours of Beijing and The Great Wall of China.Accommodation is very reasonable. Taxi from the airport costs about 100 yuan	
Jan 13 2009 	Best buy for the price	This hotel is the best price performance, in my experience so far. Location is one minute walk from nearest subway station and also near the main road to forbidden city, tiananmen, or wangfujing area. And also near many mini market, where you can buy water, snacks etc.My room is clean and big enough. the standard room has no bath tub but very clean.If you spend almost whole day outside, and come back at night. And what you need is the clean room for rest. It is the best for 30 USD i pay for the room.I dont interact very much with the hotel staff. Only when check in and check out.	
Jan 5 2009 	Phone stolen from room housekeeping 'found' after police were called	Location was pretty good right near main train station, lobby nice, breakfast strange mix but ok. would rather eat out and much cheaper. Beds hard but they are everywhere in china, but our major problem was we booked one night, our last night before returning to the uk and thought after staying 4* in some fab hotels we would go for one night in a more 'budget hotel' as we would literally only be sleeping there with a busy day/night planned. we checked in put our stuff in the room and left our mobile phone in the bedside drawer, went out for the day, came back it was gone. We turned the room upside down, 3 times, and rang reception, who were less than helpful and told us they would look at cctv in morning, and said they think we had lost it, we were ademant we hadnt and had to spend the next 3 hours in reception trying to get receptoin to acknowledge our problem which needed sorting that night as we left at 9am the next day, so after 3 hours of being ignored by reception, who refused to call the police so we could report and get a crime reference number, a different lady came on and after another hour called the police. to cut long stpory short we spent until 3am at various police stations on our last night, and mirsculously, the next morning, we had a knock on the door 8am, housekeeping had miraculously 'found' the phone all of a sudden, Make of it what you will but after the whole experience, and the attitude of reception i definitely would not stay here again or recommend the hotel. hopefully by looking at other reviews it was a one off, but for us it wrecked the end of our trip!	
Dec 8 2008 	Good location	This hotel is in a great location. As are others. I had requested 4 star and this is not that. Cannot say it was bad but was very lacking in some areas. Hotel staff not over friendly or helpful. Bar is minimal and not comfortable, so needed to head out after dark, and after a long day, don't want to do that. Breakfast was a mixture of goodness knows what. Not conventional by any means. Hotel is quite old, although no complaints about cleanliness. The shop across the road was great and you could get whatever you needed there. A 5 minute walk to the Railway stn, 20 minute walk to major shopping complex where we ate.	
Oct 30 2008 	Lovely Beijing	Clean and neat hotel with great location. We stayed during 30th Sep to Oct 4th and the breakfast is same every day but good value. The receiption staff can communicate well in English other staff are not that good but are friendly. I gave few clothes for laundry but some were missing. When I filled the laundry slip I had 4 clothes but later added two more of my wife's clothes also. But forgot to update the laundry slip. I left the laudry bag for collection but on return two of my vests were missing. On complaint the Hotel staff tried to identify the missing items but I also told them to forget it , if it can not be traced. Overall clean, neat and friendly place. Value for money.	
Oct 21 2008 	Hard Beds	Stayed here for 3 nights in a twin standard room. The beds were hard.....not just firm, really hard like sleeping on the floor.We stayed in lots of hotels around China and had no problems with the beds except for here. The reception staff were friendly enough but had very poor english and gave us mis-directions a few times. The room was clean, the bathroom very small but clean.The location was very good to Beijing Train station (3 min walk) and easy to catch a shuttle from Beijing Airport to station and then walk across the road to hotel. Was about a 40min walk to Forbidden city and 30min walk to Silk market.	
Sep 18 2008 	Good rooms so-so breakfast	I attended a conference in Beijing and we were booked at the Harmony Hotel. I thought the rooms were great, in that the beds were more than adequate and the bathroom clean. They cleaned the rooms everyday. The breakfast buffet was not up to par, though. It was the same selection day in and day out, and the food was so oily. The good thing is that right across the street are a bunch of convenience stores where you can buy soda and chips. Oh, and there is a hole-in-the-wall dimsum eatery right beside the hotel that sells the yummiest dimsum at unbelievable prices. It's around 10 pieces for less than a dollar. Don't expect anything fancy, or with complex flavors, though. This is good old comfort food dimsum that hits the spot. MUST TRY!!	
Aug 24 2008 	Good hotel great location - get a good map though	I'm not going to go into tonnes of detail as every other review say it all - good clean hotel, excellent location, friendly English speaking staff. Bed was a little hard but thats because I'm use to a super soft bed back home - just ask for more pillows, they'll bring them to your room staright away.What I will say is first time the hotel is a little hard to find. Get yourself a good map with the hotel marked on it from the internet. Secondly, get the hotel address and directions written in Chinese to show the driver. And don't just get the address, the street is one not well known by most drivers and they don't have a clue where it is. The first 5 cabs refused to take us as they didn't know where it was. Luckly we found a New Zealand guy who lived in Beijing who climbed into the cab with us, phoned the hotel for us, and translated exact directs to the driver. Without him we would have been stuck.	
Aug 12 2008	Great location nice rooms	This hotel is in a great location. I stayed here after completing the Trans-Mongolian Railway journey from Russia. The rooms are clean and basic and good sized. The hotel was in easy walking distance to lots of great things to see, plus conveniently located near the Railway and metro stations. I would stay here again if I find myself in Beijing. Staff was friendly.	
Jul 15 2008	Excellent Hotel	Great hotel for short city break or longer stay. Staff were very friendly, rooms were immaculate and the hotel was very conveniently located to the major sights of the city. Would definately stay here again.One tip - do not visit the Zoo - it is very depressing!	
Jun 27 2008 	Return Visit to the Harmony Hotel	Our first (happy) stay at the Harmony Hotel was 2002.Once again, commencing our TransAsia Silk Road journey we again enjoyed revisting the Harmony Hotel.The hotel's proximity to major tourist sights in this sprawling city cannot be over emphasised; the nearby Beijing Railway Station and Beijing Metro make farther flung attractions much easier to access.The rooms are very well cleaned and on the ocassion my partner accidentally dropped a bottle of beer in the room, the attention was prompt and the clean-up cheerfully executed. Yes, the beds are still very hard, but so they were in Xi'an, 'Turpan, Kashgar, etc. so I guess it's a Chinese thing!!!The buffet breakfast has adequate variety to suit the differing clientele.Plenty of various dining options ex the hotel are close by in the hutong. Also a well stocked convenience store opposite the hotel is ideal for purchasing those must have snacks, water, drinks (+alcoholic), and other interesting packaged 'goodies'!The currency exchange at the front desk is a boon.I have no hesitation in recommending this to budget travellers yes, but also to those who are a little bored with the 'same-same' of the safe (where am I?) hotel chains.	
Jun 22 2008 	Good value and good location	The Harmony is in a convenient location, a 20minute walk from Tiananmen Square. Better still, it's a short stroll from Beijing Railway Station, and from stops on two different subway lines (Dongdan and Beijing Railway Station). The hotel is up a side street, near the main post office. Quiet at night, but we always felt safe walking about.The staff were very pleasant and helpful, and were very tolerant of this jet-lagged westerner who locked himself out of his safe in the room twice in ten minutes (well it had been a long journey from England...). The room was clean and comfortable, with decent bathroom facilities. If I have a complaint, it's that the beds were very hard; good for the back I suppose...Breakfast was erm, interesting (eggs, smoked sausage, fried noodles etc). We only had breakfast once, then made other arrangements. Room service food was quite nice, and cheap.Of course there are lots of good restaurants to try in Beijing.	
May 24 2008	Great hotel perfect location reasonably priced!	We booked for a deluxe room at USD85/night---stayed for 5 nights but got one night for FREE! Hotel is conveniently located near a subway station which makes tourist spots like Forbidden City, Tiananmen, Lama Temple,Temple of Heaven very accessible as these are found a few strides away from the exit of the subway stations . Fastfood chains and restaurants are also just around the block (Mcdonalds, KFC etc).What's even better is they have currency converter inside the hotel---with NO commission or service fee! Tip : The hotel is very accessible from the airport. Take Bus 3 from the airport (CNY16) and get off at the last stop (Beijing Railway Station). The hotel is just a good 5 minute walk from there! You can take the same bus going to the airport. If you can help it, do not exchange your notes at the airport as FOREX in the airport charge CNY60 per transaction.	
May 13 2008 	Good Place To Stay	Stayed at Harmony Hotel for 4 nights. Lived up to all the positive reviews. The room is clean. Staff are polite and nice. Got a good deal for the 4 nights. Paid 3 nights and 4th night free. Good location. Near to subway. Will definitely recommend to friends.	
Apr 8 2008 	Excellent for the price	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in March 2008. It is a nice hotel tucked down a small street a short walk from the fancy shopping district of Wangfujing. It is in a good location, close to shops and markets, and a short taxi ride, or about a 20 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. It is also in immediate proximity to the subway, railway station, and convenience stores. It is adjacent to the Harmony Spa which my wife and I both had a good massage. The room we stayed in was clean and spacious, with a large living area. The shower was a little temperamental, and there was only one English-speaking news channel amidst the 40 or so channels. Besides from one or two people, the staff didn't speak alot of English. Although the decor is a bit dated (plush pastel pink and golds) it was very functional and comfortable considering the price we paid (around AUS$60). You would be hard pressed to find a comfortable hotel in as good a location for the price.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great hotel central and low-cost	Harmony was much better than we expected for the money. The rooms were clean, well serviced, and of average size. The reception staff were delightful and very keen to help. The breakfast was a generous buffet,with a good choice of Chinese, British, or Continental. We actually ate in the restaurant on two evenings which we would not normally contemplate. The only downside was a trip to the great wall which we organised through the travel agent on the first floor. Our guide,Fang, was really disinterested and unhelpful. But overall top marks to the Harmony for the price.	
Mar 30 2008 	A LITTLE DIAMOND	The Hotel Harmony lived up to most of the reviews,believe me I could not fault this Hotel for the price I paid. The staff was always courteous, the rooms where of a reasonable size,neat and clean. The location is excellent for the sub-way which is very easy to use. The staff at reception mostly could speak enough English to help in most instances, no real problems . The restaurant was of excellent value both for breakfast and lunch and dinner.At breakfast there was enough to choose from , even for the most picky type who usually end up in Mc donalds or K.F.C. which we all do at times. Give a try you will not be disappointed, my wife is of the most picky type as afore mentioned and in the end I had her trying all the different types of food and I think it might have changed her thoughts on foreign foods at last. The hotel is a good and honest 3 star Hotel and I was pleased I used it for my stay.They also have a travel company on the second floor, they are not the cheapest, but are good at what they do. Use the internet to plan what you want to do, and choose how you want to do it when you get there. on your own or with a tour operator, however I would advise you to do the wall and the Ming tombs with an operator. When you get to the area of the Hotel Harmony at first you might think it looks a little dodgy round here, but there are no problems, and it is very safe. I did most of the important sites in Beijing, and only seen 1 tourist trap, and that is at Maos Mausoleum. You cannot take a bag or camera into the mausoleum, and some helpful chinese person might try to show you what to do. Have nothing to do with them. They are after either money or some of the contents of your bag. There are signs in English to tell you where to take your bag or camera, it costs 10 Yuan, about 2 euros to store your bag. Its safe and easy to use. Pick the hotel Harmony and most people will be pleased, I cannot speak for everyone, but I am a very worldwide traveller and have stayed in most areas of the gobe in 5,4,3,2,1 and none star, and this is the first review I have ever written, so I can help you the public, which also helps the Hotel. One final thought, taxis or bus? IF you can afford it Taxi. it only costs about 15$ from the airport and is very cheap around the city. Hope this helps you all, I for 1 had a great time, Bai- Bai	
Mar 26 2008 	Great location simple clean quiet and comfortable	We stayed at the Harmony Hotel in Beijing from March 05 to 15 in 2008. We booked our room before hand and chose a deluxe room over the standard (387 sq. ft. vs 268), which gave us a bit more room with a sitting couch and small table. Our actual room was #516 on the 5th floor of the 7-floor building. (see accompanying floor layout plan)The room (and the hotel in general) appeared to have recently been upgraded with new fixtures, paint, beds, etc. A lot of this type of upgrade has been, and is currently in progress throughout Beijing in anticipation of the 2008 Olympics in 5 months time. So, the rooom really looked new and very clean.Our room had two single beds, which quite frankly were the firmest beds we have ever slept in. Having a bad back, I welcomed this, however, I did think they were a bit too firm as we both had sore hips and ribcages after our week's stay. Like sleeping a a board covered with a mattress cover.Our room faced east but the morning sun (when it does shine through the smog) is easily and completely blocked by heavy drapes. (see accompanying photos)The bathroom was spacious with a full tub and shower attachment. The water pressure is sufficient, but the shower head makes it somewhat light, but still very acceptable. Hot water can be slow coming, and at times warm instead of hot, depending on the time of day.There is a small stocked mini-fridge/bar, which you can use to keep a few small items cool if you wish.This hotel has a power saver feature typical in many hotels in that part of the world, whereby you need to insert your access key-card into a slot in a device by the door to enable electricity to the room. We chose to always leave our second card in the device to keep the fridge and heating/cooling on while we were out.Power is 240-Volts, 50 Hz, so you will need a power converter and adapters to use 110/120-volt devices. Despite using the converter, my wife fried her power toothbrush charger - must have been the frequency (50 Hz vs 60 Hz), because we definitely had the step down transformer. Be aware that there are two differnt outlet types in the rooms: one that accepts the standard double flat prongs or round prongs, and the other that accepts a grounded plug but the prongs are at 45-degree angles (see accompanying photo). Given the very cheap prices, you may be better off buying a hair dryer or curler in Beijing.Although there is maid service each day, in order to converve energy you can leave a card on the bed to not change the linen - only make it up. We obliged, but chose to have fresh towels each day.We found our stay quiet in the evenings and at night, with no noises to wake us. However, we always travel with a white noise generator to mask out external noises.While there is cable TV with a good number of cable channels, the only english speaking channel is CCTV, a mostly news oriented channel.The staff's english is acceptable, but only a few are fairly fluent in English. For the most part, they were very helpful and accommodating.There is a business center on the 2nd floor, where you can use one of several computer terminals for checking email, etc. The cost of this service is 1 Yuan per minute, and the center is open from 8am to 8pm.Although we did not use it, there appeared to be a very nice and clean (with table cloths) restaurant on the main floor, which usually served meals buffet style. On the other side of the lobby, a small bar (which we rarely saw anyone use).Although the hotel is very clean, neat, and well kept, probably the best thing about it is the location. It is very centrally located, minutes from the Beijing Subway and the Beijing Railway station. There are also a few western style eateries (McDonalds and KFC) within minutes walking distance. And right beside it, is a small Chinese eatery that features breakfast dumplings for those that like that for breakfast. Directly across the street is a small convenience store for snacks, soft drinks, etc	
Mar 4 2008	Good location okay room	This place is nothing special to look at but is good value for money. It's clean and comfortable and in a pretty good location - walking distance to shopping and dining areas, and a cheap taxi ride to Forbidden City / Tianamen Square etc. Hotel has a tour agency in the building that can book all sorts of tours for you, however you can probably get cheaper by going to an independant place - we found an ad on a map and a got a private tour (car, English speaking guide, driver) for a lot less than the price to two people to go on a bus tour. Hotel restaurant is ok. reception staff speak good English and concierges will help you get a taxi as most drivers don't speak much English. They also give you a helpful card with the name and address of the hotel and main tourist in Chinese characters which you can use to show the tax driver where you want to go.	
Mar 3 2008	Great Location in the Heart of Beijing	Stayed here for several nights in October 2007 and was very pleased. The staff were (for the most part) very accomodating. Rooms were clean and smartly appointed. The food in the restaurant was a real surprise -- good quality and value with a range of items. Staff assisted us with getting a cab for the day to the Great Wall. Location really can't be beat -- walking distance to the subway and Beijing's main railway station. You can also walk to Wangfujing and Tiananmen Square. There was a grocery store and several internet places very close by. The only drawback was that taxi drivers found it a challenge to locate the hotel. Have the name written in Chinese with you and have the driver call the hotel.Highly recommended for those travelling to Beijing on a budget.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great for the budget traveler!	I stayed at the Harmony in May 07. I was planning my own trip to China without a agency to try and save money. I expected a $35 a night hotel to be almost like camping but I thought I could live with that since I wouldn't be spending much time in the room. The location is across the street from the main train station but it far enough down a side street that it is quiet. Even though some reviews say that they did not like this, I felt safer than in most American cities except from &quot;human spam&quot; (people trying to sell you stuff, which is everywhere in China). The rooms are similar to what you would find in a &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; or similar chain. There is only a shower and not a tub, but that did not bother me at all. The beds were clean but, like every hotel in China, harder than American standard. The front desk employees spoke English very well and were helpful but not a concierge. One good thing was that they were not trying to sell you things, like I have seen in other Asian countries. The breakfasts were expensive by Chinese standards but not for American standards and I thought they were quite good. The in-room massages are inexpensive and wonderful after a day climbing the great wall. They did not seem at all to be like massages in Thailand which is just another word for &quot;special services&quot;. In all, I think this is a very affordable hotel and exceeded my expectations. If I ever go back to Beijing, I will be booking this hotel again.	
Dec 12 2007 	very well received very well treated...	Arrived by train at 6:00AM after 7 days on the Trans-Siberian and was wisked to my room by very friendly attentive staffer. Didn't have to wait for the 2:00pm check in. Wonderfully clean room, very nice breakfast buffet, and great locale, close to everything.I found an internet cafe around the corner at the hostel, used it everyday and was given a pass one day because my business was so short. Great little take out shop at the end of the parking lot...hot sandwiches yum. Beer in the honor bar cheaper than the super market. In house laundry was a bit pricey.Desk arranged tours and was eager to answer any and all questions. Would not hesitate to stay there the next time I am in Bejing.ps, If you are traveling by train to Bejing &quot;KEEP YOUR TICKET&quot;. I was stopped at the exit of the depot and asked to produce my Moscow to Beijing ticket stub. I don't know what would have happened if I couldn't and I'm glad I didn't have to find out!	
Dec 6 2007 	nice little hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights from the 12 november 2007and i must say what a great hotel, staff were very friendly, roomswere comfortable and local was good. suppermarket was just over the road and a few shops round corner. little tip don't use the internet at hotel is a bit expensive (1 yan a min) if you come out the hotel and take a right then turn left and walk past shops then take a right they is a hostel they (rotating doors) use the net they is (4 yen for half hr) when you come out the youth hostel to head back to hotel if you look straight ahead the subway is they and very easy to use. also if your planning a trip to the terracotta warriors you leave from beijing west (30 mins drive from hotel) and not beijing station near hotel.if you fancy shopping turn left out of hotel bottom of road turn left again take subway to otherside of road walk straight up go over bridge and either walk round shopping mall or go through it and that takes you to the main shopping area (15-20 mins walk from hotel)	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Value	We stayed in a deluxe room which was spacious. Besides a QS bed, which was firm and comfortable with comfortable pillows, there was a full size sofa and 3 easy chairs and 3 smallish tables. All the furniture was co-ordinated well and aesthetically pleasing. The lighting options in the room were excellent. The room had a TV, fridge and safe. The bathroom had a shower over the bath and plenty of hot water.The hotel is located in a moderately 'scruffy' street but is conveniently located near a supermarket and some convenience stores, fast food outlets and the train station and subway. However, taxis were so cheap and readily available we used them frequently. Dinner and breakfasts were nothing to get excited about but quite edible and value for money.We would stay there again and recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 3 2007 	Overall a good place to stay	The Hotel itself is ageing and needs renovation, but having said that the rooms were comfortable and were generally clean, so we had no complaints apart from the “air conditioning” whch just seemed to push air around no matter what temperature was selected. It wasn’t too much of a problem at this time of year but you couldn’t live with it in the Summer. There was a mini-mart across the road that sold cheap beer and wine should you want to buy some, and (if you’re not eating in the Hotel restaurant) there’s a restaurant behind the Hotel that we found to be fine (and cheap) and one of the waitresses spoke some English which helped. The Hotel staff seemed a bit tired so I guess they were working long hours, and getting service at the Hotel bar was almost impossible the night we tried as the bar person was working in the Hotel restaurant also. There’s a fair amount of construction going on around the area and I would guess that this Hotel will be either renovated or demolished at some stage in the next 2-3 years possibly, but there was no problems with construction noise. From here you could also walk to the shopping in Wangfujing Street for shopping	
Sep 15 2007	Convenient hotel if arriving in Beijing by train	Overall, the Harmony Hotel is reasonable value. This hotel seemed to be popular with western tourists. The location is great if you are travelling to/from Beijing by train. The Beijing Train Station (Beijing Zhan) is only 5 minutes walk. It is also located close enough to Wangfujing St (Shopping) - 15 minutes walk and Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City - 25 minutes walk. You can catch the subway from Beijing Zhan to Tiananmen Square for 6RMB (5 minutes duration, 2 stops).It is a noisy hotel, there are people coming and going at all hours. This is one of the pitfalls of being close to the train station. There was also a new building under construction close by which added to the noise. The room size is ok and the facilities were in good condition.The breakfast here was disappointing and provided limited choice. The restaurant is small and was packed every time I visited (different time each morning). There is a small supermarket across the road and other places around the corner on the way to the train station as alternatives for breakfast.The level of English spoken was ok throughout, as long as you don't have any unusual requests. There is a massage place next door and it's a bit dingy. Before going here, I suggest you know enough Mandarin to explain clearly what you want. A massage is not necessarily a massage in China. Get help from a local if you don't know Mandarin. If you request a foot massage, expect to be led down a corridor to a back room with about 20 recliners occupied by Chinese men in boxer shorts having a cigarette and watching TV. A taxi from Beijing Airport to this hotel is around 90RMB. As always in China, have the hotel details available in Chinese for the taxi driver. I caught many taxis in Beijing and not one taxi driver knew where this hotel was based on saying the name alone, even in Mandarin.	
Sep 11 2007 	Really a pleasant stay!	We stayed at Harmony Hotel from the 14th to the 26th of August 2007. What a pleasant stay! We booked a deluxe room (but it's very cheap;-) and we were really satisfied with it as it is very spacious, confortable, bright and clean. Only the TV set didn't work very well. We had few times the breakfast at the hotel (it cost only 30 yuan) as we preferred to have it in our nice room (we bought food at the store just in front of the hotel that is open 24h or at the big store close to the metro station). The location is excellent: 3 minutes from Beijing central station and the metro station; a big store and a post office just around the corner and some typical hutong (alleys) around.We dined once at the restaurant in the hotel, good food and very cheap.We'll certainly choose again this hotel the next time we'll be in Beijing.	
May 24 2007 	Great value for money and excellent location	If I come back to beijing, I will stay here again. Perfectly located, close to a metro station and the main railway.Long walking distance of Tienamen Square.Large rooms, efficient service, quiet, close to a mall.	
May 12 2007	Try This One	This wasn't our first choice of hotel but we were very pleased with it and would definitely return to it. It's location near the subway meant it was very easy to get to many parts of the city. Even though taxis are cheap we realised that the traffic is so bad that subways save a lot of time. With the new subways this should be even better. This is the best hotel of this class that we have stayed in. There was plenty of space and the shower and toilet were in good knick. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The minibar prices were the cheapest e.g. Y5 for a bottle of beer. There was usually at least one staffmember who could answer questions in english. No tips were expected.There were plenty of shops nearby and in the hutong next to the hotel was a fantastic range of little food shops, especially fruit. Very little english spoken but lots of freshly cooked food and very cheap prices. This is noisy part of town with Beijing railway station and a postal exchange but we weren't bothered by the noise.The only query would be how the aircon would cope with the heat of summer. We had some warm spring weather which overwhelmed the room's unit even though it was as low as it could go. Luckily it wasn't a problem for us.	
May 9 2007 	Good basic hotel	This is a good affordable hotel, stayed twice on the same trip. First stay (4 nights) had a small, but clean room, clean carpet &amp; bathroom (standing showers only in standard room, not good if your really tall [6'4/195cm +] or very obese). Second stay (1 night) the carpet was a little dirt, but ok. Good room service (avg of 12 rmb - 35 rmb), front desk spoke english. On a busy side street, so you hear a lot of car horns in daytime, quiet at night (10pm-6/7am). Walking distance to subway, stores, Tiananmen Square, has restaurant/bar inside, but next to cheaper restaurants and markets. Good 3-star hotel for basic, affordable &amp; clean stays (a lot of foreigners there), but if your picky you may want to find a 4-star.	
May 4 2007	Not bad	I booked this hotel for a rate of US$50 through Asiahotels for a night in April. The hotel is basic, but with a decent location not too far from the Forbidden City and main shopping area. Good Chinese restaurant with reasonable prices. Limited bar but again good prices. This hotel is a good bet if you want a simple, clean room (with attached bathroom) and intend to spend a lot of time sightseeing.	
Apr 29 2007 	Convenient and Economical	I'm writing this review as I feel guilty that I have used the forum on multiple occasions but never contributed to it. This was our third hotel stay during our China trip. Our expectation for this hotel was low hoping that it would provide a clean and quiet room for sleeping as we are out the whole day and don't care for any extra amenities. We were not disappointed. The beds are very firm just like other hotels in China which is OK with us. We used the morning breakfast buffet serving the usual western and chinese fare for a reasonable price of 30RMB. The hotel is in a very convenient location for using public transportation to the airport, train station and the attractions in Beijing. Lot of cheap restaurants, fast food like Mcdonald, KFC etc and couple of 24 hr convenience stores around the area as it is across the train station. Could never get back to the hotel in time to have dinner but the menu seemed reasonable.The shower stall was small, about 3 sq ft, but what could be significant for some people is the fact that I had to go in side ways to fit thru the door which is about 1.5 ft and I weigh 150 pounds. The only hotel we stayed in where the water was really hot. House keeping was very good. Never turned the TV on.It is true that there is no good shopping around the area. If you are looking for knock off brandname merchandise there are two indoor shopping malls/markets which are easily accessible by taxi, bus or subway. Wagfujing area is a few subway stops away. Never had to spend more than 20RMB for taxi.We took the airport bus (exit door 11 once you clear immigration and customs and buy your ticket 16RMB and go to the bus stop #2 which is right across the ticket counter with the sign- Beijing Train station). Got off at the last stop after 1:15. The stop where you get off is a bit farther off than the stop you will get on to the bus to the airport). Walk about 5 minutes towards the train station (in the direction the bus is going/facing) upto the first cross walk. You will see the green hotel sign across the street to your left. You will pass the stop to go back to the airport just before you get to the cross walk. Obviously this will work if you can easily wheel your luggage as otherwise you may be at the mercy of the few taxi touts hanging around the bus stop.The Beijing Zhan Subway/Metro stop is just around the corner from the hotel across the train station and is a 5 min walk. 3RMB takes you any where on line 1 or 2 which is what you will need as of now but I'm not sure if this will change when the new lines open before the olympics. All signs and announcements (you actually hear them unlike chicago or New York trains) in chinese and english with very clear signs and maps. Felt very safe and secure unlike NY, Chicago, Spain or Italy.Plenty of buses if you know where they are going as the signs are in chinese and no one speaks english. Felt safe and secure but language was a problem.Single most useful thing we carried with us was a map with streets and attractions marked in english and chinese. You show the chinese script to almost any one and they point you in the right direction.I'll try to post on a different string about our other experiences including Beijing attractions, Shanghai and Suzhou as well as experiences with the people.	
Apr 11 2007	Great stay	After 6 days in the Trans Mongolian train I had a very pleasant stay in the Harmony Hotel. The location could not be more practical, very close to the train station. I had upgraded to luxury room for a few pounds per night more and had a incredibly large and luxury room. I can only recommend it.For cheap internet: go to the big Youth hostel on the left corner opposite the train station.	
Mar 31 2007 	Didnt live up to reviews	Ok lociation was great But that was all this hotel has going for it!! I have stayed in some pretty average places in our travels but this is the worst!! We moved out after 2 days as i couldnt have my children stay there we moved to the Courtyard Marrott and spent the next 4 days in heaven!!	
Jan 26 2007 	Great Value	In a great location near the subway and main train station, with some great food stalls and restaurants in the surrounding streets/lanes. There is a mini -mart across the road as well as a large western style mall a block away. I am not usually a fan of eating in hotels but their restaurant is seriously good and excellent value. I am still dreaming of the fresh dumplings! We stayed there with our 6 month old baby and they provided a cot at no charge which a lot of chinese hotels do not offer. Would definately recommend this hotel as great value for money.	
Jan 16 2007 	Good budget hotel. Great location for Beijing train station	Stayed at the hotel for two nights in January at the end of my trip on the Trans-Mongolian railway. I wanted somewhere near the main train station and you can't get any nearer without being inside the station.This is a mid range to budget hotel, so expect that level of service and standards and you will be happy with your stay. If you want more, pay more (room cost 25 pounds a night!) and stay somewhere else. The staff spoke functional English and were as helpful as they were asked to be. The front doorman seems to go walkabout in the evening, so if security is a main concern this could be an issue. While you get a room card, people are free to come and go throughout the hotel and being this close to the station there's likely more traffic than they can keep track of. Didn't try either the bar or restaurant, but the restaurant seems to close quite early.The room was of standard size and clean. The bathroom counter and sink were nice, but the shower cubicle was more in line with hostel standards and the exposed pipes gave it a bad DIY feel.The location really is good. There's a shop right across the street which served as an unofficial room service for getting drinks and snacks. There are a number of cheap food alternatives there as well. The Beijingzhan metro stop is around the corner and the Chongwenmen metro station is 5 minutes walk. You can walk to Tiananmen square in 25 minutes by taking a right down Beijing Zhan Xijie and following it onto Qianmen Dongdajie. Conversely you can take the Metro from Beijingzhan to Quianmen (the previous reviewer saying you have to change trains and go to Tiananmen XI is just adding stops that don't need to be made). Unless its raining I'd also say its not too much to ask to walk to and from the Wangfujing shopping area.To find the hotel from Beijing Station:Come out the main entrance of the station and look across the street to your left and find the building with the China Post sign on it. There is also a McDonald's visible and lots of other shops and colourful signs. Simply cross the street and walk around the left hand corner (as seen with your back to the train station) of that building and you will see the Harmony Hotel if you don't spot the sign for it first. If it helps, one of my pics is looking back towards the station from the hotel.Airport Shuttle Bus from Beijing Station:If you want to take the shuttle bus to the airport (runs every 15 mins, approx 1 hour and 16Y) then from the hotel cross the road as if going back into Beijing railway station, but while facing the KFC take a right down the slip road. After 100 metres you should see the shuttle buses or at least the stand where they leave from. A cheap and simple alternative to taking a taxi. From the pic I have looking at the station you can see a bus parked there. Go 100 metres right of where that bus is to find the airport shuttle.	
Nov 4 2006 	Good Location very nice hotel	Close to one of the large shopping areas. Within 30 min walk of Tiannamen Sq &amp; Forbidden City (we are quite sporty). Hotel had very helpful staff. However, it's large and informal as you'd expect from a large chain. It did however suit our needs and we had a deal where our room was upgraded to deluxe and so was HUGE! especially in comparison to Hong Kong. When visiting attractions (leave early as better seen without the other hordes!)	
Oct 29 2006 	Good location clean room good access to food	Room was very clean. Carpet and furniture appeared to be no more than 1 year old. The bathroom was clean but looked dated. Hotel staff were helpful - they helped us with the safe and shower knob issues within 10 mins and refused to accept tips. The lady at the reception was having a bad day when we checked it. She slammed down the phone after speaking with a colleague but was polite to us. LOCATIONHotel is a 2 min walk to the Beijing railway station and subway (Beijingzhan station). Hotel is location north of the station. A taxi ride to Chaoyang District (for shopping) costs 20 to 30 yuan. If you are going to Tiananmen Square, take a train to Tiananmen east station (you need to change train at jianguomen station). Subway tickets cost 3 yuan per ride per person. FOODThere are a number of good local and fast food eateries within a 2 min walk. As you walk from the hotel to the station (10m from hotel), you will see a shop with steaming buns and dumplings just next door to the hotel (not the one closest to the hotel) - delicious jiao zhi (dumplings) and buns (xiao long bao) for 3 yuan a basket (containing 10 each basket). Yummy!For good local dinner, follow the slip road in the right when you exit the hotel. There a shop with a picture of a mosque hung in the restaurant. It is a Chinese Muslim eatery. We had a large bowl of beef noodles (Nui Rou La Mian), 20 pieces of beef dumplings (jiao zhi), spicy beancurd skin fried with green peppers and a bottle of beer all for 20 yuan. Yummy!There are supermarkets and minimarts in the building opposite the hotel.	
Sep 13 2006 	Great location 	This hotel is in a perfect location, close to the train station, local shops and restaurants, and a hutong (fun to explore). It was close enough to the Forbidden City to walk to (20 minutes away). The hotel wasn't the most charming, but it was clean and welcoming, and the rooms were a decent size. It reminded me of Holiday Inns in the USA. I would definately stay here again. It was a great value at $46 per night.	
May 12 2006	Nicely priced well located clean hotel	This was an excellent hotel for the price . Would recommend for anyone .Well located - near Beijing railway station - Wangfujing and Tianamen only 15 mins walk away. Metro just around the corner at the station .Very clean nice sized rooms . The reception staff were very polite , spoke good English and very helpful .Good cheap supermarkets just across the road , I don't know why some people didn't like the location at night as it is perfectly safe ( as is most of China) , we walked back most nights . We even had a few drinks down the narrow backstreets close by , very late at night they were the only place open but very safe , cheap ( a beer was only 2 yuan ) and welcoming if you can communicate and if you don't mind the usual staring .	
Mar 25 2006	Great value and very pleasant	I stayed at the Harmony for just under a week and was very happy with it indeed. This was my first trip to Asia and I was apprehensive that the language barrier would prove problematic, but luckily the desk staff all spoke good English and were friendly (and patient!). The room was fantastic and much bigger than I'd expected for the cheap price, with a double bed, large TV, wardrobe, fridge, mirrors, several cabinets, tea table and two comfy chairs. There was also a spacious tiled bathroom with shower and complimentary toothbrushes, combs, soaps and shampoo. It seemed very quiet, and I didn't notice any noise from either outside or inside the building.There are no tea and coffee facilities as such, but each day a large flask of boiling water was left with tea cups and jasmine tea bags - this stayed hot well into the night, and it was nice to have a refreshing drink like this available. The room was clean, and maid service was good. The TV had 50 or so Chinese channels, plus the English-language Chinese channel, CNN, and HBO, which was fine. After all, you don't go to Beijing to sit in your room and watch TV!Taxi drivers do find it hard to locate Harmony, but don't let this put you off. The address is listed as 59 Suzhou Hutong, but the main entrance to the hotel actually faces Youtong Street which I think is what causes the problem (also like most Chinese hotels the English name is different from the Mandarin, which in this case is &quot;Hua-mei-lun&quot;). Get the hotel staff to write for you in Mandarin &quot;please take me to Beijing station&quot;, which is literally a minute round the corner, and the taxi drivers will have no problem dropping you off there. There are also cards provided in the lobby, which say in English and Mandarin &quot;please take me to ...&quot; with a list of tourist sites in Beijing - these are very useful for showing to taxi drivers. Beijing taxis are wonderful, and ridiculously cheap. Short distances are all 10RMB (70p) and you can watch the meter go up in 7p increments when you travel further afield. I didn't find any taxi drivers who spoke English, but this doesn't matter if you can show them where you want to go on a card or a map. They're friendly and I always felt safe, which - as a single young woman - I can't say has always been the case in other countries! There are safety deposit boxes behind reception which I recommend you use, and are very safe as they're opened by one hotel key plus the key that they give to you. I was also delighted that they have adaptors for guests to use. When I asked for one at reception, I'd only just got up to my room when a cheery lady from housekeeping arrived with one, which was great. The buffet breakfasts are fine, and I ate at the hotel each morning as it was included in my stay. For the westerner there is cereal, eggs, fruit salad, coffee and perfectly decent croissants and jam. I recommend you also try some of the Chinese menu (just because you're abroad and you should!). The sweet biscuits and spring rolls are very nice, and there's also congee, which is a kind of bland but filling rice porridge. Right opposite the hotel there's a cavernous convenience store too, where you can buy water and other food for your room at very low prices.It's about a 20-25 minute walk to Wangfujing Street, Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, which is perfectly fine. If you don't feel like walking catch one of the hundreds of cabs trundling past, or you can take the subway round the corner on Jianguomennei (cheap and safe, with signs in English and clear maps). It's actually very easy to navigate in Beijing, as you can follow the straight N-S E-W roads to get pretty much anywhere, and roads are marked in both Mandarin and English. Look at a map as you're walking along the grid or are in your taxi, and you'll soon get to grips with it. It's an extremely safe city, and I didn't once feel concerned about walking alone, even after dark. The street lighting is good, and there are plenty of neon signs to guide you around! If you do get lost (which it would be pretty hard to do) just hail an ever-present taxi and wave one of the hotel's cards at them - they'll get you back to somewhere you recognise.Obviously you'll want to see Tiananmen, the Forbidden City, the Great Wall and the Temple of Heaven whilst in Beijing. I also recommend visiting the Lama Temple, and taking a stroll through some backstreet hutong just to get a feel for the place. Wangfujing is a fantastic for buying souvenirs, and although it's overpriced in comparison to what you can get elsewhere it's still very cheap for Westerners. The added bonus is that by shopping on Wangfujing you'll get staff who speak English, and hopefully avoid the pressure and clamour of &quot;hello lady!&quot; that the street vendors greet you with. All the same it's fun to venture off into side streets to barter and see what's for sale.Food in Beijing is fantastic. If you don't speak Mandarin then your choice will be more limited, but look out for the places with picture menus (so you can point!) or English menus and you'll be fine. I was lucky enough to be with Chinese friends who helped explain menus to me, but there seem to be plenty of restaurants with English text too. Again, eating out is very cheap. If you're a little nervous at first, head to the Oriental Plaza (walk west along Jianguomen until it's crossed by Dongdan and you'll see the enormous glittering complex). There's some stunning food here, with stylish Chinese, Japanese and Thai restaurants (plus English menus). I had a couple of meals here and they were amazing, although more pricey than elsewhere... all the same, even the most expensive dinner was only £7 per head, which you'd easily pay for one dish in the UK! Lastly, it seems to take about 30-60 minutes to get to Harmony from the airport (and vice versa) depending on the traffic, and you should expect to pay around 100 or so RMB for the trip depending on the taxi. The hotel booked me a very nice car to take me there for 150 RMB - it was obviously a top-end taxi and as it was my last day I couldn't be bothered to haggle him down. On the way into Beijing a guy approached me offering to drive me in for 485RMB, which I managed to barter down to 120 (which I was particularly pleased with!). Again though it was an expensive private taxi, and I'm sure you could travel there for less in the ordinary red city taxis.I would definitely recommend this hotel, and Beijing, as a tourist destination. It was an incredibly positive experience coming here, so if you're heading for China enjoy your stay!	
Jan 26 2006	Above average hotel in great location	Great location around corner from underground and Beijing Rail Station. Smallish, clean, comfortable rooms. Hairdryer available for 50CNY deposit. English speaking staff. 15 min walk to Tianamen Square if you're keen or 2 stops on the underground. Great dumplings just outside hotel - turn right out of hotel, cross carpark and side street to first little place on the corner. Small supermarket opposite the and around the corner as well. Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment.	
Nov 20 2005	an average budget hotel		
Nov 14 2005	Hotel 		
Aug 2 2005	Just right for the budget traveller !!		
Jul 8 2005	Great location price restaurant		
Jun 7 2005	Not at all bad.		
May 24 2005	It should not be called Harmony		
Jan 16 2005	Harmony Hotel - Just ok		
Aug 29 2009 	Céntrico_parada de metro Beijing railway station		
May 30 2009 	?????????		
Mar 29 2009 	????		
Mar 19 2009 	???????????KFC		
Mar 16 2009 	????????????????????????		
Mar 11 2009	Sehr gutes Hotel		
Jan 3 2009 	Tolles Hotel Empfehlung!		
Aug 8 2008 	excelente ubicaciòn		
Oct 21 2007 	Hotel war in O.K.		
Aug 19 2007 	tres bon hotel		
