Oct 14 2009 	Pretty good for a cheap place to stay	Stayed 4 nights in &quot;building 2&quot;. Room simple but cheap, clean and adequate - bed, desk, chair, internet, shower / toilet. Not fancy but that doesn't bother me. Only surprise was the cleaner coming in at 8.30am (she did knock first!) - use the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign if you want to sleep in. Front desk pretty good and spoke adequate English. Easy to miss if you don't know where it is - down a sidestreet. Didn't really investigate the neighbourhood or hotel's other facilities.Convenient for Tsinghua (about 20 minutes' walk to East gate). WuDaoKou subway station about 10 minutes' walk - can get to airport express quite easily (but takes a while along line 13) and also into town. There is an airport bus that can drop you nearby if you know where to get off, but I wouldn't fancy that unless I was sure!	
Jul 13 2009	Comfortable stay professional assistance at Xi Jiao Beijing	Reliable personnel, relaxing and quiet environment, all taxis in Beijing know this hotel. Although it is not in a central position, I still recommend it for the clean rooms and prices that are attractive compared with service and quality provided.	
Jul 28 2008 	Missing something	I stayed there for a couple of days on my business trip. The hotel is placed near universities sites. The location of the hotel is hidden from the main street. The hotel accommodates several buildings. My room was located in a building next to the main building. In the building where I was placed the breakfast wasn't served every morning so I had to walk in cold freezing morning of December to the main building to have my breakfast.Internet was OK. Only one English TV channel.	
Apr 1 2008 	Quite good actually	After one week's terrible experiences at Novotel Peace in Beijing(I left a review), I moved to this relatively unknown hotel. I did not have much expectation when I booked this hotel. But, I had very few choices since I have so many businesses at Peking University, Qinghua and Wangjing(connected through convenient line 13 subway). For about $120, I could get a delux room in building number 9 - the hotel has many buildings and this building has four-star rate while others are three star rate. After I checked in, I found that my room is a little bit smelly and asked a different room. The front desk immediately assigned me a new room which is about 30% bigger than the original one. Though it does not have nice view or ultra-modern features, the room was clean and well maintained. Overall, I think this hotel is better than the current ranking (#143 in Beijing). Cleaners, front desks and other staffs are extremely kind and nice. One day, an assistant manager just came by with some fruits in the afternoon to ask if I needed anything. When I went out for late morning meeting, a cleaning staff moved in to clean. He called me in the hallway, alarming me that I left my cellphone in the room. Another day, I had an afternoon nap and went out for dinner. When I came back, I found that they briefly made the bed again and briefly cleaned the room one more time(they did it in the morning already). Bathroom is adequate and glass desk is decent to use. The room has many storage spaces and offers free green tea (real one), instant coffee, black/jasmine teabags. The area is not for a tourist. But it is a place for international students (many colleges are located around there), it has many cheap but interesting dining options, mainly Korean and Japanese. Inside of the hotel, it has several very reasonably priced Korean/Japanese/Izakaya restaurant and a bar. It has a few shortcomings though. If you are intolerant to smoking smell, this hotel is not very good. You can smell cigarette smoke in the hallways. Breakfast (free for delux room guests) is somewhat miserable. All staffs are extremely nice but their English is very limited. If you cannot speak any Chinese, this is not a good place to stay. I believe this hotel will be a pretty decent option in near future. I am familiar with this hotel's change (though this is the first time staying here). When I came for dinner a couple of years ago, inside of the hotel was quite chaotic, including some men distributing advertisement of &quot;special massage&quot; and hostess bar in one of the hotel buildings. This time, I found that the hotel &quot;sanitized&quot; those elements. I would be comfortable to bring my family here now (except for too much cigarette smell). If they keep working, I think this hotel will be my preferred place around Zhongguancun area.	
Nov 7 2007 	fine hotel pity about the neighbourhood	I had a deluxe room which was huge and quite cheap (I booked through a conference organiser). The staff were very helpful and friendly. There are several restaurants in the hotel but most closed around 8.30pm which is not helpful if you're returning from the theatre or evening out. The only one that stayed open later was above the pool/gym; this is essentially for staff and is pretty basic but is clean, open to the public and the food is excellent and cheap. No English is spoken but you can point to a picture on the menu. The one problem is that this hotel is in the 'burbs' a long way from central Beijing. The neighbourhood is deeply uninteresting altho quite safe with plenty of people around (this is China after all). The streets around are pretty rundown, choked with traffic and a pleasant evening stroll is out of the question. However, taxis are very cheap and there is an (even cheaper) subway station not too far away. Note: if you sleep with your window open you'll get bitten. Get some industrial strength insecticide from the staff (no I don't know the Cantonese word for it).	
Jun 17 2006 	clean nice cold in October	Nice, a lot of restaraunts and other services inside.Clean rooms and halls, friendly staff.In october there was pretty cold ( 10C - 15C ), but heating was not working, becasue of &quot;official&quot; autum did not begin yet.So me and my fiancee had to buy electrical heater for the room, in one of the big stores. Donated it to the hotels when check-out, you can ask for it :)Very friendly staff, always try to help but only few ofthem speals English.At the entrance you can find a few cards and coupons that helps you navigate in the city ( tranlated phrases and places to visit written in Chinese and English ).Each building have two or more restaraunts, cafees, etc.Remember that most of the places in Beijing closes at 6:00pm ( or earlies ) so little pub in the hotel was nice place to have a drink, to chat with othere tourists.Try theis beers, it's a little strange but tasty and the price is really low.TV in Chinese, of course, but there was a lot of english speaking people ( hotel hosts a lot of conventions, seminars and such ).I was there for academic seminar, and met with few local students also.They told me that hotel's area is not all that safe at night, but at day light it's Ok.Nevertheless i had a walk or two near the hotel at 10:00pm. It looks like ussual not-top-of-the-class suburbuns. Small houses, students, etc.There ALWAYS were taxi ready at the hotel entrance, hotel's staff menage the taxi really good.If you find yourself at evening in the hotel, you can play bowling or, better, go to visit one of the kung-fu shows. I visited RED THEATRE ( or someting like it ), if was magnificient. IT's alsow starts at 8:000pm or 9:00pm, so it give you something to do in Beijings evening.	
Aug 31 2009 	?????		
Jan 18 2009 	bon hotel		
