Nov 24 2009	Could be better	I agree with Kittyhead, the main interest is: It's close to Tienanmen Square &amp; the Forbidden City.My opinion about this hotel is a bit so-so, it's a good hotel, lot of services, nothing really bad but it could be more confortable and clean.People are nice, nothing to say about that. We were unlucky because first night was very noisy in the next room, but other nights were fines.Anyway, we were happy to found rooms here and it's close to shops, restaurants, etc..	
Sep 4 2008 	Don't mind staying here again.	I booked the room via www.ctrip.com for CNY368, comes with complimentary internet access with no breakfast. I choose a superior business room with river view. LOCATION: 10 minutes walk from Beijing Pedestrian Road. Lots of convenience stores, restaurants, street food, massage/spa, night market, bars, pubs nearby. You have to walk a bit though. There is a 24 hours McDonalds right opposite the hotel. The building itself is also connected to a shopping complex. Sunway and taxis are easily available. ROOM: Newly renovated. It is simple yet give a modern kind of look. Toilet is clean. Towels are clean and basic amenities are provided. INTERNET: Complimentary WIFI. Connection speed is fast.Overall, it was quite a good stay. The hotel itself is an old building. With the renovated superior business room, I will stay here again for the location and complimentary WIFI.	
Oct 7 2007 	Filthy hotel with high prices	This hotel was filthy especially the carpets. I changed rooms 3 times trying to find a clean one but they were all equally disgusting ...	
Jun 28 2007 	Guangzhou - a great 4* hotel	We found this to be reasonable 4 star hotel with a great location. I did not find it nearly as run down as I have read in other reviews!Breakfast was average (mix of Chinese and Western). My Dad was thrilled that they have someone cooking your eggs as you like them in the morning.The rooms were clean and huge.We had a private tour guide for most of the trip so did not converse much with hotel staff. When we did their English was average. I understand that 3 star hotel's staff speak practically no English and that those at 5 star hotels are mostly fluent - so keep that in mind when booking your hotels!After a couple of nights in Beijing we went to Xi’an (staying at the Bell Tower, another great 4 star hotel) and on our departure from China we had an additional night in Beijing at the Novotel Xinqiao (which our guide informed us is of a nicer standard than the Novotel Peace for those tossing up the two) - and personally I would choose the Guangzhou again just because it has a great central location.I think considering we stayed here at Chinese New Year, the noise could have been a lot worse. I did think that it was very central and we were able to walk to Tianamen Square etc, and some intensive shopping is practically on your door step.I suggest you buy your own bottled water, you can do this just outside the hotel very cheaply. As someone else said, the water at this hotel is not complimentary and it is NOT safe to drink tap water.Really happy with my stay here and would go back again..	
May 7 2007 	Great start to first time in Beijing	The hotel was booked as part of a package deal. We were in a double room for 3 nights. We didn't use all the hotel's facilities as we were out visiting sites most of the time. Buffet breakfasts were a great start to the days sight seeing. Not everyone spoke English but there was always someone who could - staff were very helpful.It is located in an area busy with people and shops nearby.	
Oct 8 2006 	not the romantic getaway we were looking for	My husband and I had been apart for 3 months and so I was very keen to have a nice relaxing hassle-free holiday, and despite asking my travel agent to find me an alternative hotel ( after reading everyone's comments on here), she insisted that this was a wonderful hotel etc etc etc, and that it would be perfect for us. Taking her word for it (foolishly!), I turned up at the hotel ahead of my husband who was coming in on a later flight. I was greeted by a very rude man at the main desk who insisted that I pay 500USD up front for the minibar. He was rude when I queried the charge, and laughed at me when I asked to speak to someone who could answer my questions.That was just the start of our problems:* I was given a basic twin room, instead of a double as i had booked.* The staff had VERY limited English and anything we ordered had to be re-ordered and hand signals used.* when my husband arrived later he was told that there was no-one boked into the hotel with my name* we were eventually given a room with a double bed (which was appreciated), but it overlooked a very busy mall-area which played loud music from 6.30am until late, had a sink that wouldn't drain and a safe that kept malfunctioning.* the room was a good size, but not cleaned adequately. It was not vacuumed once in the 7days we were there, and there was rubbish under the units and bed that were there from previous clients. There were stains on the carpet and the wallpaper was peeling.* the breakfast selection was fine, but the food was cold.There were positives though. * The hotel was centrally located and close to the subway. Only 1 stop to Tienamen square, 3 stops to Wangfujing shopping area, and about 6 stops to the Yongangli Silk Market.* several staff members were very helpful	
Jul 15 2006	Distinctly average	I stayed at the Guangzhou during March as part of a tour of China. First of all, anywhere you travel within China you will experience language difficulties if you don't speak Chinese! We had a tour guide and friends in Beijing who helped us out enormously with translations. Some of the reception staff at the Guangzhou did not speak much English although there were one or two staff members whose English was better, and when we had problems we had to wait for those staff to serve us so that we could make sure we were understood. The rooms were spacious, but I agree with some of the other reviews in that they are somewhat 'tired'. The carpet was stained in places and the room we were given (although a non-smoking room) smelt very strongly of cigarettes. We asked to see another room, but this room had the same cigarette odour too - so we stuck to the original room and left the window open all day which did improve things. The cleaners tried to help by spraying large amounts of scented air freshener in the room, but all this did was disguise the smell for a short time, and it did not eliminate it. The beds in hotel rooms in China are quite firm (apparently that's what the Chinese prefer), but we, as westerners, found them a bit too firm. The bathroom was pretty good and the hotel also provided dressing gowns, slippers and the usual complimentary toiletries. The breakfast selection was quite good and the porters and restaurant staff were efficient.Overall the hotel was good value.	
Jun 9 2006	Probably not the best hotel option in Beijing...	Obviously the #1 feature of Guangzhou Hotel is its prime location. As mentioned in the other reviews, it is close to the subway, Tianeman Square, Forbidden Palace, and all types of shopping. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom was clean but the carpet was stained and very run down (they included complimentary slippers which helped). The bed linens were also of low quality (or perhaps very old) and pilled. The rooms overall looked worn down and are in need of refurbishing.The included breakfasts are great with good quality food and a range of European/American/Chinese brekafast options.Now for the &quot;not so good&quot; things. This was the only hotel we stayed at in China (we stayed at 3 in total) that did not provide complimentary bottled water. We asked the staff if we could drink the water from the tap but since they spoke very little or no english they couldn't understand what we were asking. We ended up going to a grocery store and buying bottled water for ourselves. This hotel was also the most difficult to get internet access. There was (expensive 15 RMB for first 10 minutes and 0.5 RMB for every minute after) internet in the rooms but when we tried to connect to write some emails my computer (a Mac ibook) could not connect to the server. We looked into using the internet at the business center but found that even more expensive (2 RMB/minute)! After complaining through an interpreter we managed to get the room rates for the business center access but it wasn't easy. Internet access is a big deal for me so I would find another hotel with better internet access even if the location or quality was slightly worse. The lack of english really makes like difficult in a hotel. It is hard to get them to tell your taxi driver where to go. Usually there are some tour guides in the lobby in the mornings and I would recommend asking one of them to act as an interpreter if you are having difficulty.Overall I think Guangzhou is in need of a renovation and modernization. The location is nice but for the prices I see listed on other websites I think a better option could be found.	
Mar 2 2006	Decent Hotel	The hotel was well maintained. It is very near to the subway. The staff was very courteous, but nobody could speak English.	
Jan 9 2006	Nice hotel in Beijing	The Guangzhou is a great place to stay. It's convenient; it's a 15-20 minute walk to Tienanmen Square &amp; the Forbidden City and along the Xidan shopping area.The hotel is also very clean &amp; comfortable with great breakfasts. Highly recommended.	
Nov 8 2005	Good choice	My family and I stayed at the Guangzhou in October 2005. It lived up to its 4 star rating. It was clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Jan 8 2009 	?????		
