Nov 8 2009 	wonderful location but not your average hotel	A cross between a hotel and a conference facility, The Commune consists of a collection of self-contained accommodation units scattered along a small valley next to the Great Wall with a central hub containing reception, restaurants and other facilities. Whilst architecturally interesting using a variety of styles, the discrete layout avoids spoiling the setting for the nearby Wall and the hotel has its own private section of the Wall which allows guests to enjoy the sight and its pretty surroundings in relative peace in contrast to the throngs visible on more public sections nearby. The layout of the hotel means you may have to stroll through the fresh mountain air to your accommodation but if you don't fancy this then the hotel has a fleet of people carriers available to ferry you around. The two restaurants were good and the staff very helpful and friendly despite their Mau-esque uniforms.	
Oct 9 2009	Once in a lifetime experience	I stayed at this property with my husband, father and brother (and their significant others) for one night. I had requested rooms with a view of the Great Wall in advance and we were excited to have such rooms upon arrival. We had one adjoining room (which comfortably fit 2 couples with a shared bathroom) and one regular room. We were all located in one of the houses and it appeared that there were 2 other couples also staying at that house. There was a large balcony where we were able to lounge with a view of the Great Wall. We also checked out the pool which was lovely but a bit too cold for actual swimming (we stayed at the hotel on September 1). The highlight was really the tranquility of stunning views of the Wall and the private Wall itself. We had visited the public touristy portion of the Wall earlier in the day and the private wall was a nice respite from the chaos. The property is not flawless even though I think the problems were minor compared to the overall experience: (1) The food is average and expensive. We ate dinner at the hotel and everything was fine, but not outstanding. Breakfast, which was included, was amazing. There was a full spread of Chinese and European dishes and all were very good; (2) the private Wall is not very long so I would recommend going to both the public Wall and the private Wall on the hotel property. The private Wall is a wonderful and unique experience, but it may not satiate your Wall appetite if you've never been; (3) the cable tv did not work - which I did not see as a problem, but just wanted to give a heads-up. Overall, I would highly recommend this as a once in a lifetime experience. I think it is something my family will remember fondly forever and it wasn't terribly expensive compared to other luxuries in life. It was a stunning and well-maintained hotel.	
Sep 23 2009 	unique experience	This 'hotel' is a property with over 40 houses designed by the leading Asian architects. Fantastic. Villas can be rented as a whole or by room. We stayed in the Bamboo House 2, which is straight out of Architectural Digest. The room was very comfortable with nice amenities. TV was small but you are there for the Great Wall and the environs and not there for TV (with the prices paid, at least). Internet is free and fairly fast. There is a gym if the weather is inclement; the gym is updated and small. Walking around the compound is good enough exercise; the hotel has access to a private unrestored part of the Great Wall. You will need to climb up a path (about 20 minutes) to the section of the Wall. Amazing. ... The restaurants were very good; Chinese food was excellent (catering a little more to Western flavors). Wines are extremely expensive; it was hard to find a glass of wine for less than US$20 so we settled for beer. Cost of food is also expensive, with entrees around at least US$20++. Maitre d' at the upstairs restaurant was exceptional. Not all staff were comfortable speaking English but can get by with the basics. Didn't use the spa because the prices were exorbitant. Overall a really worthwhile experience. It would make a nice day trip as well.	
Aug 26 2009 	Peaceful unusual and expensive	I am not sure what to say about this hotel. It is very peaceful, yet not particularly far from Beijing. It was lovely to be out of the city and smell the fresh air. The hotel is a group of individual houses. Most of these houses seem to be divided into separate bedrooms with own bathroom, but have a shared living room/kitchen. This would be ideal for a large family, but I would not want to share this space with people I didn't know. The houses need some small renovations, particularly externally, but are very unusual and attractive. They provide cars so you can travel to the different parts of the hotel, but we did have to wait for some time for these on occasion. The restaurant was overpriced, but lovely. The kids club appeared well organized, with a fantastic kids pool with waterslides. We were travelling with two young children, and there were no beds provided for them on arrival. We had to negotiate for two rollaways, which they did not seem happy to provide. When we moved the beds to accommodate these, the floor was not clean - even some dirty tissues were on the floor.The one night in this hotel was very expensive, but by far the best aspect of it was the short hike to a private section of the Great Wall. We went up after breakfast and walked for over an hour. We had the section practically to ourselves - and it was an amazing experience. I would recommend this hotel for this alone.	
Jul 22 2009 	A true experience!	Stayed at the Commune by the Great Wall for 3 nights, perfect after all the hustle and bustle of Beijing. The hotels location is beautiful in a &quot;private&quot; valley with fantastic views over the great wall.The rooms are situated in different buildings spread out over the valley, and you are transported around in your very own BMW X3 with your very own driver! The houses you stay in are all different, we had a tour and saw them all. If I would go back, I would absolutely then chose to stay in the Bamboo House, which has a great design.The restaurant is situated in the &quot;club house&quot; together with the reception and spa. Food was of high standard, also the service of the restaurant staff. I had the best lemon chicken ever! The Spa was the only drawback of the place. Beautiful design and roomy treatment rooms. But the staff was not well trained. They did their massages in a very &quot;industrial&quot; way, not with the gentle touch as you are used to in Asia. But, after all this is China.....What makes this place even more beautiful is the nearby Great Wall. The hotel actually owns a part of it, around 10 minutes walk steep upwards from the hotel. This part of the wall is unrestored and only available for the guests of the hotel.Went up there one day with a colleague, and we were the only ones up there! A very special feeling in an overcrowded country!Also the Kids Club is the best I have ever seen! All so beautiful made, with tiny designer furniture all over the place. With a better spa, The Commune by The Great Wall would be one of the Worlds very special places!	
May 8 2009 	Beautiful Place Average Hotel	We stayed one night at The Commune in April, staying in Cantilever 3 in a double room. You don't (or shouldn't) come here for anything other than an opportunity to visit a part of the wall that you can have almost to yourself. The surroundings of the hotel are nice, particularly as we were there in spring and everything was coming into flower and it was peaceful almost to the point of being strangely deserted. However, when you add this to the austerity of the architecture and the all black outfits of the staff who randomly come and go, there is an ambience about the place that is not dissimilar to one you might expect to find at a James Bond villain's private residence. The main building of the hotel is an eye catching modern building where check-in takes place and where meals are eaten. It is attractively 'architect' styled. Staff were friendly and generally helpful. The meals were very disappointing, being (particularly by Chinese standards) very expensive, yet disappointingly bland. There is a choice of western and Chinese restaurants. Both were terrible. The breakfast was poor including luke warm cooked items and very stale pastries that were inedible. The room itself was a particular let down. Despite going there for the view, we didn't really have a very good one. The room's decor was nothing that you wouldn't expect from a clean but average motel. The rest of the building (Cantilever) was given over to a communal space that was wasted when the building is shared between complete strangers. When you factor all of these factors as well as additional negatives than I can't really be bothered to continue writing about, what you have is a very overpriced hotel that has one thing going in its favour, and that is the beauty of the wall and the natural surroundings in which it is set. With meals and taxi transfers, this will set you back about £400 for a night's stay.	
Apr 27 2009 	Commune:you pay for the experience rather than the service	If you go to Commune to enjoy 5-star service and amenities, you are making the right choice. To to go to Commune is to experiment your own little slice of the great wall, in its original decayed state, with lots of character and interesting curves. To go to Commune on a w-e, is to meet expats and wealthy chinese, who give a whole new meaning to commun-ism.To go to Commune is to re-discover the basic principles of modernism applied to architecture, and check how a collective of chinese architects have interpreted the principles practiced by Le Corbusier or Mies van der Rohe.	
Apr 13 2009 	Could have been outstanding...	The concept is brilliant - an architect-designed bamboo house by the Great Wall but our house (No 8 of the bamboo houses) only had a view of the road and other houses, this was a little disappointing. We were also shocked that 7 of us went through 41 little plastic bottles of water in 2 days there and that the (English-speaking) staff dismissed our suggestions to provide bigger bottles and be kinder to the environment.All-in-all though, a great way to get together with a big group of friends in a peaceful setting not far from Beijing.	
Mar 6 2009 	Location and Design were AMAZING	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We had a family suite which was perfect for the kids. The service is not up to international standards or Kempinski standards by any means and the staff speaks little English, which is fine for a guesthouse or local place but not fine for an international chain. The landscape was so amazing and the setting so serene that the service was of no consequence to us.Both the Western and Chinese restaurants had outstanding food and a fairly good wine list. The kids club is well designed with a cute pool.The hotel has access to an ancient part of the Great Wall that is fun to hike with breathtaking views. The grounds were quiet with nice trees and vegetation.If you are going to the Wall or Beijing, it is worth the trip!	
Jan 17 2009 	Outstanding Experience	I would like to thank to the team for making our stay unforgettable. The room was so cute and we found nice welcome gifts on our arrival. The memory which will stay forever in our minds is the champagne on the Great Wall. We had a yummy dinner first night in Terrace Restaurant and a fantastic breakfast next morning. All the staff was smiley and very kind. We book our stay with them for our next trip in June already.	
Nov 24 2008 	Nice Weekend	Had an enjoyable weekend at the Commune.Staying at a resort normally means that you're heavily-dependant on the F&amp;B &amp; spa facilities. Both didn't disappoint. Fantastic dinner with a great wine list; try the risotto.Afternoons can be spent lounging around, bring some boardgames or a pack of cards, you can also rent their private movie theatre.We were twice able to rent the BMW Z4 to get back to our room...very cool idea!We opted for the massage services at their spa, very relaxing.Last and certainly not least, we organized a picnic dinner at their own private section of the wall and watched the sunset. That said, I would have liked a luggage rack, replenished fruit and my key to not have been deactivated.Overall a very good experience. Thank you!	
Nov 22 2008 	Great Location fantastic design villas poor staff	Spent one night this summer 24hours before the Olympic opening ceremony. As a result, roads were partly closed and hotel was almost empty.The location is magnificient and peaceful. Entry is through the Bandaling leg of the Great Wall then driving through the 10 original designed villas.We stayed in a Bamboo Villa and had the whole villa for ourselves (more than 300 sqm).The private part oft he Great Wall is astonishing (wild part of the Wall but be careful steep climb).The spa treatments were delightful.The management has been very helpful, efficient and friendly.On arrival Chinese staff at front desk was on the contrary very stressed and a bit agressive. They could not find our booking reservation and without checking again, sent us away (problem was quickly sorted out thanks to the management).Restaurant staff barely speak/understand English and need basic training to meet 5* hotel requirements.The access to the different villas thanks to a BMW 7 fleet is not eco friendly :-( in such an environnement.	
Nov 20 2008 	Overall a very pleasant experience	We enjoyed our stay at one of the villas. The obvious - but truly great - plus of this place is the access to a private part of the wall. Also, the spa, nice restaurants, beautiful surroundings and stunning architecture are impressive. The rooms are comfortable and huge. The only downside was the fact that some of the staff don't speak English very well. This was especially annoying at check out, when the bill was wrong, we were pressed for time and the guy at the reception just didn't get it. But, all in all, a very nice stay.	
Nov 17 2008 	Beware of your deposit	We stayed there for one night. The location is great and the private access to the Wall a real bonus (if you don't like crowd avoid Badaling official wall site). We had 2 communicating rooms (2 kids) in a 4 rooms house and were lucky to be alone in the house. So we had the 300+ square meters for ourselves, with a huge terrace and an outstanding view on the Wall : definitely a great experience. Very good diner at the restaurant. Breakfast was correct, with limited choice though. Overall the price was similar to a 5 star hotel in Central Beijing (5,000 CNY for 2 rooms + diner for 4). The bad surprise came when we were back in France. We discovered that despite what we were told during check-out, our VISA card deposit (6,000 CNY) was cashed in by the hotel. In other words we payed twice for the room and after 2 weeks, I'm still trying to get my money back.	
Oct 27 2008 	Private Great Wall Access Priceless	It's all about location at the Commune. I read about this hotel online and thought it looked amazing so my husband and I booked it. The service was very good. The hotel is very spread out so occasionally the service could be a bit slow. The most wonderful thing about our stay was the view from our room. We had a view of the Great Wall of China. We also had a fruit plate and 2 dozen roses waiting for us. The bed was very comfortable and the smell was nice. We booked through their website and we got an &quot;escape romance&quot; package. After reading the reviews here on trip advisor, I grew worried and decided to call the hotel before we arrived in China. I told them I would very much like to have a view of the Great Wall. They were very nice and agreeable. We hiked along ruins of the Great Wall and it was something I will truly never forget. At certain points, we were all alone on the Great Wall. We also enjoyed their spa as it was very nice and relaxing. They even set us up with a driver and allowed us to tour the Badaling section of the Great Wall for an hour. Our driver then dropped us off in our next hotel in Beijing. All this being said, it was the most expensive hotel we stayed at in China. Also the amazing view overshadowed some negatives. Because there are woods all around it, there were some bugs that found their way into our room. Also, after a certain point in September, they turn off the AC. This made the first day uncomfortable since our room got full exposure of the sun. It was about 90 degrees in our room when we got there. Also their restaurants were mediocre. If you like comfort and service more than location, I would not recommend this hotel. The price does not match the service and comfort. However, if you'd like VIP access to the Great Wall and enjoy hotels more for the location and money is no option, then I strongly advise you to book here because you will not be disappointed. Make sure you call the Hotel in advance to get a great view. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity to get to hike along this part of the Great Wall with virtually no one else around. For me, this alone made it all worth it.	
Sep 16 2008 	Poor service poor management and looking tired	We booked a one night stay at the Commune in order to visit the Great Wall. We were travelling with our 15 month old son.Check in was poor with a Western manager who was only capable of handing out the cool towels, not dealing with requests like early check-in to ensure a tired little boy got his morning nap.We were given a temporary room to base ourselves in until our own room was ready - 3.5 hours later. We had booked an interconnecting room and it was average - very small but clean. We seemed to have an abundance of complimentary toiletries which was rather overwhelming - was this to make up for areas where the hotel was sadly lacking?The food was ok - the Chinese food was much better than the Western choices - which were poor quality (not really sure if our burgers were made of 'prime beef'). Breakfast was extremely poor - low quality breads, butter in tinfoil packets, very cheap fruit juices.The weather was beautiful during our stay, but we were unable to sit out for lunch on both occasions as the terrace had been reserved for the bus tours of tourists. This was infuriating - we were the residents of the hotel! We were given an outside table for lunch on the proviso we vacated in time for the bus arrivals! I think the hotel needs to reaccess its priorities.There were two excellent concierges - both Chinese - who were extremely helpful and they really stood out from the rest of the (very) mediocre staff. English was a problem for many.The Children's Commune was excellent - extremely well staffed and will a multitude of toys. Although our toddler was too young for many of them, he played quite happily there several times. Agree on the earlier comment in relation to the cost of babysitting - £10 per hour - but the hotel has you over a barrel here.The access to the Great Wall was a high point - it's up a very steep climb - especially with a toddler in a back pack but definitely worth it once you're up there. Unfortunately there was litter left by previous visitors (who were clearly from the hotel as the water bottles are branded) and I would hope this is checked and cleared regularly. The opportunity to be on this very private part of the Wall is almost priceless and we were the only ones there - very special.The spa treatment itself was excellent, though there was much confusion over to what treatments I could have as I am pregnant. I took the therapist's view, not the spa supervisor. It was an excellent treatment and I would recommend Summer to anyone visiting the spa.All in all ok, but very expensive for what it is, the service is poor, the management don't really seem to know what is happening and the buildings, I think due to the materials used, look tired and in need of some care and attention.	
Sep 10 2008 	Not as expected	This hotel would be ideal for larger groups rather than couples as it would be possible to book an entire block or part of a block having access to the common shared parts with individual rooms off the common parts.The standard bedrooms are small and we expected a hotel in such a magnificent area to have views of open countryside with glimpses of the wall snaking over the hills, only one of 4 rooms shown to us out of 2 of the blocks had a view. Something the architects possibly should have considered when starting with a blank sheet of paper, the emphasis appeared to focus on the common parts rather than the bedroom in those that we looked at.The complex reminded me of university student hall accommodation.The hotel was a bit jaded and showed signs of fading and could benefit from some tender love and care.We were so disappointed in the hotel standard when we arrived which was not as expected, that we asked to cancel our booking and after 2 hours of wrangling with the hotel management we were allowed to cancel.We arrived at lunchtime and it was apparent that bus trips were also using the hotel facilities for lunch which if we had decided to stay would have killed off any ideas of having a quiet lunch.It would not be fair to comment on any of the hotel services as we did not stay around long enough to experience any that were on offer.Our agent promptly booked us into a 5* central Beijing hotel which had a view looking into the Forbidden City.	
Aug 29 2008 	architectural delight overpriced with service with an attitude	In a nutshell, the facilities and the Spa themselves are good but the service attitude, choice of food and an outrageously high price make us think it over if we want to come back... The villas have spacious rooms with a standard 4-5 star room configuration. We were not so lucky and had to share the villa (5 rooms) with other people (smokers). While the architecture is surely outstanding, the service and prices are not. At first the gate guard wanted us to park the car by the lower gate and walk up. According to his information, it was all full. This took us 10 minutes, some arguments and persistency. Then, I missed the professionalism at check-in which took much longer than other 5 star hotels in Shanghai or Beijing. But the club house is surely a design feature in itself. So, let your eyes walk around while u wait. Generally, the staff was clearly not up to the tasks. To handle several guests at the same time in English language seems to be a problem. At the beautiful pool site, the staff rather forms clusters of 6 or 7 at the pool bar and outnumbered the guests rather than taking care of them. Shifting an umbrella for us seemed an impossible task. ... a long way to go for what it assumes to be...	
Jul 22 2008 	Saved By The Wall	We were very underwhelmed by our experience at the Commune by the Great Wall, unfortunately because we had very high expectations/hopes, primarily because of the snappy website and the property's substantial rate card.We were booked into one of the shared houses which looked architecturally brilliant from the curb, but quickly revealed itself to look &quot;good from far bt far from good.&quot; The fixtures were sub-Ikea quality, the shower drain was poorly so the entire bathroom flooded with each rinse off, there was water damage throughout the house, and the place stunk to high heaven. We were promised a view of the GW from the room but it was only seen through 2 sliver-sized windows on a non-load bearing wall that could otherwise have offered incredible vistas.The main lodge is an impressive example of high design and functionality, but the individual villas seem to have been constructed on a shoestring and on tight deadline because the building materials and shortsighted engineering was evident throughout. Service was awful both at the front desk and the dining areas, with the exception of a couple of concierge staff who seemed to have undergone the Kempinski-training seminar. Again, at a hotel that was marketed less aggressively I could overlook the staff, but for the price we paid they should be earning their five stars at every turn. 2 Bright Spots:1) Our experience was saved by the absolutely beautiful stretch of unrestored Great Wall that is a short but taxing hike above the property. Gorgeous. Exploring the Wall will be our takeaway. 2) We walked through the Childrens playroom area (though we don't have kids) and were blown away by how well done it was.The place is all sizzle but no steak, all form but no function, all hat but no cattle, all marketing but no substance. Fine if the prices reflect that but dissapointing to have paid a premium for it.	
Jul 6 2008 	Interesting and would like to try again when they aren't renovating!	This is a very unique place! I stayed here for three nights with my three sons. We stayed in the Cantilever house and basically had it all to ourselves all three nights. If we didn't, we would be sharing our common areas, kitchen and balconies with strangers - so keep that in mind if you don't like that sort of thing. This would be a terrific setup for a family reunion or business retreat. The villa was really special. The actual rooms were small but very nice. We had connecting rooms which shared a bathroom. We toured the grounds and enjoyed very much their private access to the Great Wall! This can be found nowhere else and is reason enough to stay here. There was maintenence work going on from dawn to dusk which was disappointing given that it took away from the ambience and beauty of the architecture and grounds. Their website said there was a pool and several restaurants; when we were there only one restaurant was open, one had not even been built yet (the cafe) and the pool was still under construction. I wished we had been warned of all these renovations ahead of time - it really did take away from the experience.The villas are a bit away from the main hotel complex so you have to use their shuttle service - which was incredibly efficient - (however we felt like we were one of very few guests during our stay - and maybe the service would be a bit more sluggish if the hotel was at or near capacity).The day we checked out we had some of our qustions answered by a very professional staff member. She explained that this was a slow tiime for the hotel and they were completing some much needed renovations. The Kempinski group was still transitioning from former owners and hence all the work. I would speak to her directly if you are planning to visit in the next month or so and make sure your needs are going to be met. Her name is Karolina Gurdek - Guest Services Manager.Kudos for the breakfast buffet &amp; dinners. The kids club is world class - too bad my boys were much too old for it - it would be a fantasy come true for little ones! The spa was very nice and I would recommend the thai foot massage!!	
Jun 14 2008 	a nice stay next to the great wall	we like very much exclusive and boutique hotels and because we heard a lot about this hotel we decided to spend one night there.is for sure a very special experience, but particualary if you love contemporary architecture and secluded places. the hotel is 1,30 hours by car from beijin, and is a group of diffent villas, done few years ago from 12 of the most popular contemporary asian architects. every villa is different, and spread in a very large valley, next to a part of the great wall that is not reacheble from other tourists.the best villa for sure is the&quot; bamboo villa&quot; wich i defintly suggest.the managment is done by kempisky and is ok, even if most of them speak very little englsh, wich is unaccetable for an intenational standard hotel.In this period there were many maintainace works because of the olimpic in august.the kid's club is exellent with a nice pool. there is no a proper aldults pool.the food is very good quality, high international standard level.the restaurant very nice decorated in contemporary style.a negative point is that we expected this hotel to be a luxury place with the sense of privacy and not crowded, but unfortunatly the sophisticaed atmosphere was ruined by big groups of day tour tourists that came from beijing with big buses to visit the hotel. this is not what we expectc when we pay more than 500 euro a day!!on the other side the nice thing was the possibility to visit a part unrestored of the great wall where there is nobody else.if you like climbing( it takes 15 minuts of climbing in mountains to reach the wall) and privacy is really special and exciting.is a special experience but no more than 1 day.	
Jun 8 2008 	Hotel doesn't quite match the location	We went for a Saturday night escape from Beijing, where we live, on the recommendation of friends and reviews. Whilst the location and design were great, the hotel just didn't quite live up to expectations, especially for the price (2000 RMB for the night plus 15% charge added to everything).We were lucky to get a room in a house with a view of the Wall (though the narrow windows restricted it a little) away from the road. The private section of Wall was wonderful- a little challenging, but peaceful (mostly) and with beautiful views. But...Given the amount we paid, we were disappointed. There was no real attention to detail- the food was fine but expensive for what it was; service was a little slow and needed a nudge. Breakfast was poor- little variety, crowded, and a queue for tables and the egg stand. It's a Chinese holiday weekend here and one restaurant is closed for pre-Olympic renovations, but I get the feeling they can't cope with a full house. The room was fine, but not stunning.It's hard to put my finger on what was wrong, but I think it was essentially value- if this was priced a little lower, I would have been really impressed with what we'd got. I've been to more amazing places for a lot less. A little more effort and attention to detail, and this place could be truly stunning.	
May 9 2008 	Watch your step on the trail	The Commune is an enclosed estate of 2 dozen (or more) houses surrounding a main building. Each house has a few bedrooms w/baths, your hotel rooms. The estate is set on the side of a mountain next to the Great Wall. Access to the Wall is by an extremely narrow dirt path through trees and rocks. The path is almost straight uphill for a mile (or less) and is difficult to manage for the very young and impossible for the elderly. The wall at this location has not been repaired and is crumbling. A short car ride takes you outside to the renovate section of the Wall. You will want to see both types of Wall. If arriving from PEK ask them to arrange a car for about 1000 CNY ($133 US). Beijing to Baldaling is about one plus hours. The food was excellent and the service was very good. It is very quiet and you will not do much outside the Commune. The rooms (houses) are well appointed and you will need for nothing. If you do not want to walk between the main building and your room they will send a car for you. One way is always uphill. You will feel very comfortable and safe at this location but expect no night life. There is none.	
May 5 2008 	fascinating architecture beautiful surroundings	After reading the previous review we were a little apprehensive about proceeding with our may weekend booking at the commune but despite the pouring rain the day we arrived, overall we had a really enjoyable time at the Commune. The senior management all make an effort to talk to you and help you out with queries etc. Only after we arrived did I realise that the standard room we booked was not in some huge building housing 100s of rooms, but in a stand alone house built in the style of one of the 4 apparently more popular original houses. There were 5 other rooms in the house, and when we were there, 3 other rooms were occupied but we hardly saw anyone. We all shared a huge living room and kitchen and dining room (hence the Commune...) Ours was the shared house (designed by a Thai architect) perched up on the hill with a view of the Great Wall. We had ordered a cot when booking (which came free of charge, and made up with a pillow and quilt and panda soft toy) and they had thoughtully placed us in a room downstairs (near the living room and kitchen). The room itself was huge, had a bath in the middle of the room which our daughter loved. We requested for a microwave (to sterilise her bottles and heat up her food) and they provided one immediately. They also provided her with her own bathrobe and slippers, and a range of baby toiletries which was very thoughtful. Our towels were white and fluffy as were the bathrobes.We checked out the Commune of the Children (even though our daughter is too little to attend - you have to be 2) and they let her play in there for a while (it was raining, we could not do much else). It is a wonderful place for the kids and we will definitely leave her there for the day next time we are there, so we can enjoy the spa which we had to miss this time.Food-wise, it is true the prices are a little high (RMB440 for 2 of us, 3 dishes - chicken, pork and vegetable, white rice and 2 desserts) but they were tasty enough. The breakfast was not bad with local and european options and the coffee was not the terrible surprise we expected - maybe they have made changes since the last review.Activity wise - you can walk up to the Great wall, a lovely quiet unrestored part (quite scary and crumbly in parts) or check out the original 11 villas (the club house itself is the 12th). Even though they say you should book a tour, lots of people were doing it on their own and the maids were good about us rooting around while they cleaned up after the last guests had checked out. We managed to check out quite a few of them this way and they were all fascinating. A must see is the Suitcase House just for its innovative idea.The only negative thing we can complain about is that room service said they would call us back and then failed to do so. Otherwise we encountered excellent service all the time and would go back again.	
Apr 20 2008 	Over priced but has potential	This is a hard review to write, as I wanted to love the place. And the senior management are clearly so keen to make it all work. However, it was a good way from what we expected. Will list the issues, then you can decide if these would concern you.General Ambience and rooms - although the natural scenery was beautiful, at times it did feel like an upmarket holiday camp (English readers, think Centre Parks), with houses in a nice setting and rooms off a communal space. Some houses were very nice (bamboo), others not so much. Would probably have been much better with a large group - avoid the limited (expensive) dining and outrageous baby sitting fees and fully experience the seclusion. Many bedrooms look over the road, so be careful in choosing both house and rooms. Those with small children may want to ensure they are closer to the hotel, as cars not always available to collect you. Rooms were oddly not up to the price - no toiletries, thin grey towels, big box TVs etc. All fine in themselves, just not what you expect in an expensive hotel. A disappointment - the landscaping. As the hotel is supposed to be an architectural and scenic masterpiece, the grotty drain, mudslides and general ramshackleness of the hotel grounds was very disappointing. At the time, one restaurant was closed and the bar was closed. There is also no pool or gym or libary/games room. Seems like an odd request but when it is pouring with rain all day, there is nothing to do but sit in the chilly restaurant.Opportunism and greediness. This was probably the worst aspect of our stay. At every opportunity, maximum cost was extracted. Examples: - After paying 3000 RMB ($428) for the room, we were then asked to pay another $70 for a roll-away bed for our 3 year old. When we expressed surprise at this, the response &quot;yes, many people feel that, so their children sleep in their bed with them!&quot; In the end the sofa was large enough, but when we asked for sheets/bedding, we had to ask several times and then make the bed ourselves. - $20/hr for baby sitting. More than I paid in New York city on New years eve! They know you dont have any options, especially when they have put you in a house very far away from the hotel.- 15% service charge on EVERYTHING. Keep in mind, tipping is unheard of in China and I doubt the staff were getting this.Kids Club - amazing. Although my daughter was the only one there, so a little lonely. Hardly their fault, but perhaps if they were not charging so much, might have been busier? Anyway, this was a highlight - great number and variety of toys, lovely space, baking, lovely staff, etc.Restaurant - pretty good food at dinner especially if you stick with Chinese (dont try the coffee!). Poor breakfast. Expensive, but what you would expect (except for the automatic 15%)Spa - very nice! (pretty expensive and also an automatic 15%)THose heading there before June, the expressway is closed to prepare for Olympics. Took 4 hours to get there from Beijing and 3.5 to get back.Overall, I think it is possible to have a better time than we did - rain, traffic, empty kids club, refurbishment, etc conspired against us. However, even without all of these things, it did seem like a very expensive holiday camp that hadnt quite opened or come up to scratch. I have hope that it will as the scenery was lovely.	
Apr 1 2008 	Amazing Experience Peaceful Hotel	I stayed at the Commune for one night after arriving into China. We decided to head there straight from the airport (the hotel arranged for transfer in an Audi A6).This is definitely a great place to relax after a long flight and walk around a portion of the Great Wall w/o all the tourists (the hotel owns a private portion - +or- 500yards of the wall).The drive from the airport was about 1hours and gave us great looks of the mountains, the Beijing suburbs and the great wall.Check was smooth and we were immediately driven to our room (#375). Please note the main building comprises the main facilities (Dining Room, Gift Shop, Gym, Conference Rooms and Spa close-by). Residences are scattered throughout. Our room was incredibly large. The bedrooms had a king bed, large desk. The living room had a large l-shaped sofa, a dining area (4 seats) and the TV/Minibar. The bathroom had both a bathtub and shower but only one sink. Finally, the balcony was huge as well (approx. 5x10 meters)Of course, there is not much to do in this area besides walk around the hotel residences (some villas are definitely worth a visit), a walk along the wall and some spa treatments. For that reason, we planned on staying only one night and then moving into Beijing.We had diner in the hotel restaurant, which serves Chinese specialties (mostly cantonese) and western food. The food was excellent (unfortunately, we did not know we needed to order Pecking Duck in advance). I also peeked at the room service menu, which seemed quite extensive. The next morning, breakfast was served as a buffet (western and chinese sections). Overall, the food was excellent.I was very satisfied with my experience. The staff was friendly. The hotel has about 5-6 cars available to pick up guests around the hotel, so moving around from one buolding to the other is not an issue. Finally, we asked for a car to0 transfer us into Beijing. The car came to pick us up directly in our room and drove straight into beijing.Overall, this is a unique experience and great for a romantic getaway.	
Feb 8 2008 	Love the scenery and spa	Stayed in the red cantilever house with a couple of friends, which was fantastic. The individual rooms were cozy yet spacious enough for our friends with kids. It's a better stay when you have friends to share the house with. The spa is somewhat pricey by local standards but well worth the visit. Dining options are limited if you intend to stay there for a couple of days. Best thing about The Commune... it's a perfect getaway from Beijing's noise, traffic and pollution.	
Dec 26 2007 	First-rate location above-average hotel	This place is fantastic because of its private access to the Great Wall. We spent three hours on the Wall taking it all in, and during that time only encountered a handful of fellow hotel guests!The hotel itself is nicely spead out across the huge grounds. We liked the modern designs, but this is subjective.Rooms are clean and reasonably well maintained. Service was always polite, if a little rough around the edges at times. One point (irrelevant to some, but important to us) was the coffee at breakfast was absolutely awful - a surprise considering that the place is operated by a top European chain.All-in-all, this is an above-average hotel (by China standards), with a first-rate location (by global standards).We would definitely go back, and recommend it to friends.	
Nov 18 2007 	Wonderful location - good for a quick visit	I stayed at the Commune by the Great Wall, only for one night. The setting is wonderful - it is so peaceful compared to many other places you might go in China. In autumn the valley was beautiful and I scrabbled up the hill to their own private bit of the great wall to be on my own as the sun was setting. The individual properties are all heralded as &quot;architect designed&quot; but most of them don't look very special. My villa was on the spartan side - and a long way from the reception dining area - which is fine if you are fit and able but otherwise you must wait for a car to ferry you back and forth. Its not a place I would stay for long but for a night or two it would be a great experience	
Nov 16 2007 	The greatest in his category...	Commune by the Great Wall Kempinsky is the best hotel I have been in Beijing. It's combine a quiet and nice area near the Great Wall with a high design and service. And the view on the Great Wall is unforgetable. All the different villas are spacious and luxurious and the staff is very kind and helpful. I warmly recommand it to everyone who want to spend a relaxing and quiet moment near Beijing.	
Nov 12 2007	Champagne on the Wall !!	When I came to Beijing I first was a bit afraid of the shire size of the city and thought, how will I ever make it to the hotel. Luckily my company ordered a pickup which wellcomed me warmly.It took about 90 minutes to the Commune. (Driving in China is an Adventure but the Driver knew very well, what he was doing).After a while we just came into the Beijing hillside which is beautyful. Even in November. The Commune is situated in a very nice valley and offers the private Athmosphere I was looking for negotiations.After a quick and fluent Check-In, I was brought to my Villa called Forest. It was marvelous. Clean, a lot of space and a most confortable Bed.When it came to Dinner I was totally convinced, that this was the right decision to come here. I enjoyed a faboulos Western Menue (Chinesee next evening- best in China so far).The next morning I ordered my Breakfast to my room and the roomservice was there within a few minutes. That was a surprise because of the 8 square kilometer areal, where the Villas are spread.After that I went to the Antanara Spa to have a Treatment, which I ordered via Telefon at the Reception. It was realy one of the most relaxing treatments I ever had.The next day I climed the private part of the Great Wall with my business partners to enjoy the sight which was great because the sun was shining. While enjoying a Bottle of Champagne (Some of the very kind and friendly Staff brought it there to serve us) we agreed to sign the contract when back down. In Resumee, Beautiful Landscape,Great Hotel, Great Service, Great Business.	
Nov 6 2007 	Enjoy fresh air and calm	Being in Beijing for a while, what I really appriciate in Commune by the Great Wall in the peacefull atmosphere, calm, great weather (no sign of pollution) and fresh air and this is a kind of luxury in Beijing area.I agree to say that the Western standards are still not reached, but this is a fact that happen everywhere in China (problem of language, culture understanding, the fact that service industry is still at his beginning, etc). What I like there is the friendliness of the staff. Whereas you can find good service downtown, you will always have a &quot;robot&quot; service that is ruled by standard and process. I think that nowadays, what people are looking for in Europe is not any more the service we had 10 or 20 years ago, well done, but no real smile, no friendliness and too formal. In Commune, the service is definitly not too formal, very helpfull, smiling and gave me the feeling to be at home.I stayed in the Shared house and was surprised to know that there were other people in the Villa because I only crossed one person during the day, after working 2 hours on my computer in the shared rooms with the great view on the wall. My room had maybe no view, but I enjoyed it from the living and on the terrace.I had good time there and will definitly go back.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great location not a great hotel	Stayed here for one night at the beginning of October. As the other reviewers have said the big plus with this hotel is the location. It is fantastic to be so close to the Great Wall and the layout is pretty cool, with about 20 villas spread out over the grounds and a main &quot;clubhouse&quot; with reception and restaurant. We stayed in one of the Bamboo houses, about 2 minute walk from the clubhouse. The room was big and spacious with a futon type bed. We did not have a view of the Great Wall itself, only a few rooms do. There was a cool shared kitchen and living area, which we did not use and no one else seemed to either. I was expecting a lot from this hotel (I had not read the other reviews before I went!) and apart from the location I was very disappointed. We had dinner in the restaurant the night we got there and the service was appalling. We were only given the Chinese menu (which did offer a good choice and the food was nice enough) and were not offered the Western menu, and our waitress did not have a word of English. I know I was in China and should not expect everyone to speak English, but in an international group like Kempinski I would expect staff to have a little English. The meal was a disaster. There were a number of conferences on at the hotel and they seemed to get priority-it was almost as if the individual guests (there to experience the Wall) were an inconvenience. I would not have expected this. We did speak to the restaurant manager and he gave us a glass of wine on the house. After dinner we wanted to speak to the concierge (advertised as multi-i lingual)about walks the next day. But again, he did not speak English, Finally spoke to a German (I think) English speaking manager type and she was very helpful and showed us walks for the next day. We mentioned our disappointment to her and she was sympathetic. However, as I said, the big plus with this hotel is it's proximity to the Wall. Ask at reception about access to the Wall directly from within the Commune. This is not really advertised but the manager at the front desk showed us how to get there. It is about a 20 min walk from the clubhouse through a wood and is quite steep but when you get there it is well worth it. We were able to walk from there right along the wall to the public entrance at Shighuan and we had the wall to ourselves-did not meet another soul. The wall is not at all rebuilt along this part and is overgrown in parts, but it is safe and easy enough to walk along. The views are spectacular and it is a very special experience. When we reached Shighuan we did encounter a guard who tried to stop us getting onto the wall there but after much motioning of hands he allowed us in. Despite the hotel's shortcomings if you want to stay at the Wall and have a unique experience as we did, it is worth it and it is actually not that expensive, all things considered. We did not feel the hotel took advantage of it's location in its prices. But the Kempinski group really need to improve the service and hire more English speaking staff.	
Jul 20 2007 	Beautiful propery but needs a few tweaks	We stayed at the Commune by the Great Wall for 2 nights in early July. Upon check-in, we were delighted to learn that we had been given an entire share house (Cantilever 2) to ourselves despite booking only 1 room. We loved the location, the surroundings and generally had a good experience but have a few concerns abotu the hotel. THE PROSThe room itself was beautiful and well-appointed. It had a lovely view, was very clean, nice furnishings and a gorgeous bathroom. The amenities were very nice. The closet space was also excellent. We also liked that complimentary drinks of all types were stocked in the communal kitchen. The view from the deck was gorgeous. The house was very clean. We once came back from a walk and found someone washing the front stairs.However, I don't think we would have enjoyed the house so much if we had to share it with others.The staff is very nice. They opened the business centre early for us so we could use the internet and kept the restaurant open past closing time one night so we could eat dinner as we over-slept our reservation (we had climbed the great wall that day and were exhausted).We were pleasantly surprised to find the morning buffet breakfast was including in the room rate.The spa was excellent and reasonably priced. We each enjoyed a massage.The premises are gorgeous and very secluded. It's a wonderful place to take a break from the pollution and bustle of Beijing. The hotel is close to three parts of the Great Wall. The hotel has it's own private portion of the Great Wall (which is unrestored but can still be climbed), in the closest town there is a public portion of the Great Wall which is not very busy and it's a 20 minute drive from Badaling. The hotel charged us 200 yuan for a round trip to Badaling. It's advisable to go to Badaling very early in the morning to avoid the crowds.THE CONSOur biggest complaint occured after a mix-up with a picnic order. We made it very clear to the staff that we intended to hike up to the hotel's portion of the Great Wall and enjoy a picnic. The picnic service is provided by the hotel and we filled out a standard form to place an order. We should have checked the knapsack before beginning our hike but we didn't. When we got to the top (a good 40 minutes including an uphill hike through a forest to reach the wall), we found they not packed any water (a litre of water was supposed to be included) and only packed enough food for 1 person. We had placed 2 orders of the same thing. We were hot, tired and sweaty and had no water to drink. It was actually quite dangerous to be hiking on the Great Wall in the tremendous heat without water. Upon our return, we complained and learned we had been charged for 2 orders. They agreed to remove 1 of the charges but did not seem concerned about the water. At checkout (which was conducted by a long time German employee of Kempinski) we discovered, the charge had not been removed and had it removed at that time. We explained our concerns regarding the water. She apologized but didn't seem concerned about the water. We also found the cost of transfer to and from Beijing to be over-priced. Very few cabs in Beijing have seatbelts which makes taking a taxi on the highway a very unattractive option. The hotel charged us U.S.$186 EACH way for a non-English speaking driver. It was the most expensive transfer we have ever had (and we have been to expensive places such as Hong Kong and Tokyo). We felt very ripped-off and angry but didn't have much choice as we wanted to be sure we each had a seat belt.Very few staff speak English (including the driver). Obviously, it's a foreign country and not everyone will speak English but at times it was much harder to communicate than at the other hotels we stayed in during our trip.We also found that there is a lot of staff and, at times, it feels like they are everywhere. They are very friendly but sometimes overly so. For example, at dinner one night we spent more time chatting with the waiter than each other. At another time, we were resting on the deck of our sharehouse and two staff members were having a break quite close to the deck. We could hear them speaking and didn't feel we had any privacy.The hotel could also benefit from a pool.	
Jul 14 2007 	What a (bad) surprise	I stayed at the Commune for one night and glad it was left at just that. On the positive note, it's in a fantastic location, just off the Badaling Great Wall, about 2 hrs drive from downtown Beijing. The concept of The Commune is interesting and even though sharing living areas with strangers or business colleagues didn't appeal to me, the hype about this place must have had something about it, I thought.First of all, it's not a single hotel, but 20-30 houses spread around quite a large area. You can walk between each but it's more practical to call one of the property 4WD to pick you up. The only problem is that staff speak very little to no English at all at this hotel, so you might end up waiting for quite some time and chasing the concierge for a pick up. The hotel has also only limited number of the 4WD so at peak times you call for one and you end up waiting for up to an hour.The houses itself - depends on your luck - some are nice but some are just awful. Mind you this is ranked as a 4.5 star property................I stayed in the room which was* absolutely freezing in April, with aircon not working and when asked the hotel staff, they didn't know how to make it work. Eventually after 6 hour discussions (and a lot of jumpers on) someone came to fix it.* the worst layout of bathroom I have seen, stand up shower which didn't have anything to stop it from flooding the whole bathrrom. Nightmare.* Rusty fittings which made several cuts in my hand - wasn't impressed...* Bed side lamps which didn't work* Flimzy furniture and amenitiesOn the other hand I hear the &quot;red houses&quot; and the &quot;bamboo houses&quot; are a lot nicer, but if sleeping on a floor futon is not for you than bamboo house is out for you too.Oh, and the award winning spa... everyone talks about it... but in fact it's tiny, nothing out of the ordinary and in fact most of the 5* hotels in Beijing have a LOT nice facilities. There is no gym or pool at the complex, no or very scarce mobile phone covergae and no Internet (apparently you can get wireless access in your room but nobody was able to explain to me how).Overall, the hotel thrives from its location and the fact that it is the only property on the Great Wall. It's ok to go for one night / long weekend when you pick a nice house / room, but it didn't win me over otherwise despite its lovely management.	
May 5 2007 	It's a showcase	We booked the hotel's spring package and stayed for two nights on April 21st 2007. The location of the hotel is excellent. It is in the Shuiguan valley, surrounded by beautiful hills and a view of the magnificent great wall. it is unfortunate that the service does not compliment the breath taking view.I took a nap on the day of arrival and woke up with a stiff neck and a headache. The pillow was too high for me. I called housekeeping and asked them if they have a different pillow. They said they did not. I thought I had better speak with the front desk instead, maybe they would be more creative. I was lucky to ran into the resident manager and told him my request. He told me that he would be able to arrange for a different pillow. I went back to my room that night, and the same pillow was on the bed. I talked to housekeeping again and they repeated that they could not offer any alternative. I slept on a rolled up bath towel that night. The next day we went to two of the bungalows that were open for public viewing. I saw the thinner pillow that I needed. I went to the front desk again and told them I found the alternative. The receptionist called the housekeeping department with much resentment and told them to change the pillow for me.We stayed in one of the rooms in Shared House 3. There were altogether 6 rooms in the house. All the guests shared the living room and the kitchen. The dirty dishes piled up in the sink for two days and no one took care of it. The overflow gabbage in the kitchen was cleared only on the day we left. We felt like we were college students staying in an expensive dormitory.The room that we stayed was very cramp. We could only watched TV on the bed. There was hardly any space for laggage. There was no place in the shower stall to keep our toiletries. We had to place them on the floor.Menu in the restuarant offers very limited choices and it is over priced. We feel the choices should be more &quot;international&quot;. To have three different types of eleborated Chinese cuisine and only one basic Western menu is really off. The choices at the buffet breakfast was only three star standard.All in all, We did not enjoy the accomodation and the food choices. We expected service of a 5 star hotel if not of the higher rank from Kempinski. In our opinion, service and pillow from the Sheraton chain is better then the Commune. We would go back to enjoy the beautiful view but we will not stay at the Commune again.	
Mar 1 2007	big experience!	It is a wonderful experience to stay in your room with view to the Great Wall, even from a standard room. The enviroment is the best, between the mountains with all the design of the villas and the club house. The staff is very kind although some speak very few english, the restaurant is very good, the spa excellent and both not that expensive.The only negative I can say is the fact that you are in a sharehouse, eventhough we were alone in ours, I woudn't like to share as it gives you few privacy.It is easy to get there with a taxi from the city, which cost you around 380 yuan.I really recomend this hotel if you want to enjoy a different stay and to get close to the Great Wall!	
Feb 1 2007 	The only place to stay by the Great Wall	We stayed two days - this was the highlight of our China trip! The property offers 11 private villas or 248 hotel rooms in villas with 5 or 6 bedrooms each, 3 restaurants and a spa. You have a private access to unremodeled part of the Great Wall within 15 min walk.The property is located on the way to Badaling, but not at Badaling.The service is great, the food is excellent, the spa gives great massages and you can see the sun rise and or sun set by the wall in private. Travelling in January, we had the whole hotel room villa to ourselves. Hotel offers transfers from Beijing (approx. 90min)I want to go back!	
Jun 12 2009 	???????????????		
Feb 11 2009 	Un ensemble hôtelier d'exception		
Jan 2 2009 	Un hotel unique en son genre		
Feb 6 2008 	Tolles Hotel sehr Zentral gute Restaurants		
Nov 8 2007	Das Glas Wein für € 63		
