Nov 2 2009 	Huge suite pity about service level	The suite was very generously proportioned, one of the biggest I have ever seen in Asia. There was a separate entrance area (with powder room), then the living room with study desk (and 50 inch flat screen), and then the bedroom (and 42 inch flat screen), and the bathroom (with in-wall 10 inch TV screen above the bath). The feel was very modern (similar to Mandarin Oriental HK), but still fairly comfy. The suite was by far bigger than suites at both Peninsula and Grand Hyatt Beijing. Despite the marketing moniker of CBD (Central Business District), its Hua Mao location is somewhat to the east of town (next to 3rd Ring Road) would be ideal if you had something going on at that conference area or Guo Mao (China World Trade Centre) or really liked visiting the nearby latest super glitzy Shin Kong shopping centre. If most of your activities are elsewhere (e.g. Wangfujing or Financial St), then you should look elsewhere. The downfall of JW Marriott (bear in mind there are 5 Marriotts in Beijing) is that for some strange reason, there are huge gaps in their service level. Requests to clean the room within a certain 2 hour time-frame (e.g. 9 to 11am) were never met (2 days in a row, despite loud complaints), requests for 8 bottles of water always resulted in only 6, the concierge was a strange fiefdom to itself, with very arbitrary quality of responses, from the very casual (&quot;Oh, I think that restaurant should be ok, I read a newspaper article about it a few years ago&quot;). Very strange. Despite the 5 star rating, I have to say that sadly the service level is about 3.5 stars. I actually cut my stay short to move to Grand Hyatt Beijing at Oriental Place. To JW Marriott's credit, they didn't seek to charge me for the night that I checked out at 8pm. Needless to say, I won't be returning.	
Oct 29 2009 	JW Marriot Beijing	Its a really nice hotel, you only need to pay around $200/night. but its worth it with the services and facilities that provided.	
Oct 16 2009 	AMAZING	We're ready to go back! This hotel has such an amazing feel--you'd think you were somewhere very high end! It shares the grounds with the Ritz and it's in the Bank District. The room was huge-more than enough room for two people. Nice desk area; huge bathroom with a separate bathtub and shower. The tub has a tv mounted above it to watch. We found the staff to be very gracious and helpful. We're definitely staying here on our next trip to Beijing!	
Oct 14 2009 	Better than the Ritz in my opinion.	I had the privilege of staying both at the Ritz Carlton Beijing and JW Marriott Beijing on two separate occassions. The Ritz is very Victorian and elegant in its decor, while the Marriott is modern chic with dark lighting.But here's why I like the JW Marriott better:1. The room might be just a teeny weeny bit smaller in measurement compared to the Ritz, but it feels bigger. Maybe it's because the bathroom comes with a see-thru glass panel instead of a wall (at the Ritz), so it feels gigantic.2. Breakfast - more variety than the Ritz3. The French restaurant served the best steak I had in a long whileBut having said that, the Ritz is wonderful too in its own right. The function rooms at the Ritz are generally nicer than the JW Marriott, but if you're going on a vacation, that's the least of your concerns :)	
Oct 8 2009	Wonderful Beijing	Beijing was a surprise for my husvand and me. We stayed at the JW Marriott Hotel which was outstanding. Our room had a huge modern bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower. Tea service and bottled water every day. The stak house restaurant was very good as wasa the sevice. We were walking distance to a huge shopping mall and a bus ride away from the Forbidden City. We walked the Forbidden City for hours . The city mixes both the ancient and the modern and is easy to get around.We went to a silk factory and a tea ceremony as well as eating in one opf the houses in the Houtong area. We took a ride in a pedicab.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great hotel-- typical JW Marriott style.. only need the staff to improve	I stayed here on September 18, 2009.. This is our new crew hotel in PEK.Since it's a new hotel-- just over a year old now.. Everything is new and shows no signs of the usual &quot;wear and tear&quot;.. It even has that &quot;new hotel&quot; smell in some places.. The check-in and lobby areas are very appealing to the eye as the architecture style is not the usual symmetrical 90 degree angles that is customary, rather the main lobby and grand stair case to the upper floor, and the upper floor itself are done in a 'flowing' design pattern.. The lobby area is not cluttered with art work, furniture and signs.. It's almost a minimalist-like style..Check-in was quick- since we're airline crew, the hotel has us pre-registered and our rooms already assigned.. The bell staff took my bags and delivered them to my room just a few minutes after I got up stairs.. I did not get the customary &quot;tour&quot; of my room by the bell staff..My room was done in a series of earth tones-- from yellows to bright browns and natural woods-- a cooling and soothing color palette.. The room is furnished VERY well with most of the &quot;latest and greatest&quot; of things.... The view is decent, but not spectacular and the windows are not floor-to-ceiling (which I prefer) but the drapes are nearly &quot;black out&quot; for those who can't sleep with any sunlight. My bed was a full American king sized bed-- moderately firm-- with near-silk sheets and a feather duvet atop.. There was a changing bench at the foot of the bed for disrobing and dressing. There is also a full sized work desk, leather work chair, adjustable desk light and multi-port electrical and hi-speed internet connection (pay per use)-- everything you'd need to work in your room.. The hotel also has a &quot;technology advisory&quot; on staff that you can call, he or she will help you set up your internet connection and other general computing issues.The room has a new flat panel HDTV with remote-- all the cable channels and foreign language programming you could need. There is a small coffee/tea set, mini bar (at typical mini bar prices) and an half sized ironing board with iron.The bathroom was decent sized and very well equipped as well-- a small water resistant flat panel TV and phone.. The tub is a deep soak tub you can quite easily stretch out and soak if you like.. Everything in my room was working properly and it was spotlessly clean-- an important factor to me..The pool/spa area is absolutely gorgeous- there's a heated lap pool, lounge chairs and even heated chairs.. Seems like quite a bit of time and expense went into the pool area and it shows! The workout area has several new machines including treadmills, free weights and a series of workout machines for circuit training.. There is a personal trainer available if you need one to help you.The hotel has a surprising selection of eateries including a steak house with attached wine bar, a semi-formal french venue, a bistro-like venue and a spacious general lounge. I looked at the menu and noted that for being in Beijing and being at a JW Marriott, the dished were priced fairly.Overall it's a great hotel with top-of-the-line furnishings and everything's new.. What I did notice is that the staff are not just yet in sync with the service levels one expects from a JW Marriott property of this caliber.. It's new and I get that.. I just think that the staff just needs some time to get used to the expectations of a Marriott guest-- to anticipate my needs... I'm sure that I will notice an improvement on subsequent visits..	
Sep 12 2009 	Great room reasonable price marginal service and location	As other travelers have already mentioned, the rooms here are well appointed and what you would expect from a JW that is only a little over a year old. The service is average - there was a mix-up on my room and they had me booked for a twin room even though I had requested a king. I was told they had no other available king room, even on the club floor. I asked to speak with the manager and the front desk person said the manager would tell me the same thing so she would not call the manager over until I persisted. The manager agreed to bump me to a nicer twin room but the front desk person booked me in a regular room and only changed it after asking her if the keys I just got were for the upgraded room. The next morning, I left the do not disturb light on the room as my wife was still in the room, but the cleaning staff chased me down as I was getting into the elevator to ask if they can clean the room - then the cleaning staff waiting by our room until my wife left and that was still only 1030AM. The 2nd day, similar occurrence, we left the do not disturb light on but were chased down. We weren't sure if they understood when we said we would be right back after breakfast and were worried since we left everything out in the room. They didn't enter our room but it concerns me that they don't understand the do not disturb light.As for the location, it is a little off from the main areas but nothing a taxi can't resolve, which brings me to my last point - to get to the driveway of the hotel, taxis need to go through a side street/parking lot, which can get congested. Definitely not a good design.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good but not the best service.	Nice room at the president floor. A exilent bed, big and comfy.Big bathroom, spotless clean and nice.The breakfast not so good, not what you expected at a five star hotel.Staff have a little to learn about speaking english.A lot of missunderstandings.Go and visit Lan Bar!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Rooms but poor services.....not an ideal location	To be honest, this hotel's rooms are quite nice - spacious, clean and modern decorn. From the design, I can tell they are trying to feature it as business hotel. However, the service for a business traveler is fairly poor. I have all my important documents on my table while I met a client in their lobby. As I don't want any hotel staff to access these business files, I turned up the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign when I left my room. What suprised me is I found my room was cleaned and my documents were filed when I come back from the lounge 3 hrs later. I don't know how many housekeeper were in my room and of course at the same time they helped me to tidy my desk. They just don't understand how to protect the business information and privacy for business travelers. They are just next to Ritz Carlton but these two hotels are located in the east end of Beijing downtown. I do appreciate its short distance to CBD where most of my clients' offices are. But the area itself is a bit chaotic.......the traffic at the cross in front of the hotel was always terrible and you need your luck to get through it in 15 mins....Don't understand why they build hotel in such a place........	
Jul 24 2009 	High class hotel for business trips	I stayed at the JW Marriott for 4 nights for a conference, this is a new, classy hotel with very high quality rooms and facilities (spa is very good). Very quiet, the location is near the large road which crosses all of Beijing's &quot;traffic rings&quot;, there's a mall near by and to get to the Forbiden City, attractions and markets you only need to take a taxi for 10-20 minutes (depends on the traffic). Highly recommended!	
Jul 10 2009 	nice location	a modern, clean and well designed hotel.good location.the food around hotel is very good.close by the hotel,there is a Sichuan Cusine restaurant called South Beauty.If you like Spicy food,good choice.The big shopping more Shinkong Plaza is good place for brand shopping.6th floor has some other restaurants,we love Dim-sum there called Diingtaifeng.Downstaires,there are lot of food court,very cheap,but very good.	
Jul 8 2009 	Expected a lot more from a JW.	I've stayed at other JW Marriotts, and was frankly quite unimpressed with this hotel, but mainly it came down to a service issue.It was difficult to get any help whatsoever from the front desk or concierge. We asked for assistance in planning activities, and it was quite obvious they are used to primarily business travelers, as they couldn't provide recommendations or information on places we asked about; nor did they attempt to find the information. We did receive outstanding service from one staff member at the concierge who arranged a car service for us to the Great Wall and to a recommended restaurant, but only after we tipped him in advance for his efforts.The room was gorgeous and extremely contemporary, but housekeeping was abysmal. The beds were &quot;made&quot; each morning with a half-hearted attmept at a turndown service and the pillows were tossed on either side of the bed. Our clothes were thrown in a heap on the floor and basic amenities (soap, shampoo) were not replenished until requested on the 4th day of our stay.The Executive Lounge was great, and though the staff alienated us the first couple days, eventually they remembered us and became quite friendly. Breakfast was decent, but the menu never varied from day to day. The espresso machine was a nice touch, and the cocktail hour was also quite nice, with a good selection of appetizer options.Although there were some nice city views, and the hotel is located conveniently close and direct to the airport, it's not a good location if you're there to do sightseeing, as it's away from the main attractions. However, it is close to the subway, which is a good choice when traffic is heavy, and was surprisingly easy to navigate in English.Overall, if you're there for business and not looking for service, it's probably a good choice for you. I just know we wouldn't go back as leisure travelers.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Beijing	Stayed at the JW Marriott Beijing in April, 2009 for 3 nights.Room: Very spacious, modern, clean and well designed. Awesome King size Marriott bed with 7 pillows. Large window with electronic blinds. Good sized writing desk and seating area. Bedside Bose sound system. Flat Screen TV with several English channels. Connections available for iPhone/iPod/MP3 players. Multiple charging points with plug adaptors.Bathroom: Very big and modern, all white marble. Big window into main bedroom. Separate bath and shower. TV over the bath. Decent amenities.Service: Personnel always quick to pick up the phone, all queries answered promptly and professionally. Turndown and room cleaning were faultless.Restaurants: Tried the Japanese restaurant on the lobby level. Decent selection and good quality. Very good service levels and nice atmosphere. Tried the bar on the first level, pricey but good. Had a small casino promotion going on with some cards tables for additional amusement!Facilities: Executive lounge very well stocked and comfortable. Plenty of room for over 50 ppl with separate areas for eating, drinking, reading, working and watching TV. One of the best lounges I have ever been in. Extensive gym and indoor pool facilities as well.Location: Located in an upscale shopping mall area with access to lots of shops and restaurants. Few minutes walk (less than 10) to the metro station. About 20 - 30 minutes taxi ride to the center of town (depending on traffic).Summary: One of the best hotels I have stayed in recently. Modern (built in 2007) and thoughtfully designed with all the mod-cons and with very slick and professional service. Decent location, not far from the sights and fairly close to the airport. Truly 5 star!	
Jun 10 2009 	new unusually trendy and designer style Marriott hotel very good overall	I started out at the amazing J W Marriott in Shanghai (which the recent reviewer has mixed up with this hotel btw- this hotel does not have the 38th floor lobby), then the Hyatt in Beijing which I hated and moved here after 2 nights. Quite a new hotel and faitrly quiet overall. Very friendly and efficient staff altho not quite as good as the exceptional J W in Shanghai but much better than the Hyatt Beijing.There are a few things to flag before I wax lyrical: the location is in one of the business areas of the city and not too inspiring, with horrendous views from the rooms of ugly tower blocks and busy roads. There is also not a great deal around of any major interest to walk to - altho taxis are cheap and Beijing is spread out anyway so you need to jump in and out of taxis or use the underground anyway. The other slight downside (and this may not apply to all rooms) is that the windows are poorly done and not sealed properly. I was upgraded to the top floor- 23rd- but could still hear the traffic below due to this.Having said that- if you have exec lounge access and the room I had- then I can truly recommend this hotel. And I would definitely go back again. The room I had was large (3 x the size overall of the Hyatt room I escaped from), really well designed, ultra modern and trendy yet very comfortable and somewhere you could relax. Fresh coffee machine which made me happy... The bathroom and amenities was great- with a 2nd flat screen tv in the wall so you could watch tv in the bath even... the window blinds and bathroom blind (there is a glass wall between bathroom and room but a blind that electronically goes up and down) take a bit of finding if you are not told where to look and how they work tho... but when sussed out- no problem and quite clever!The food and drink in the exec lounge was amazing... incl cooked breakfast in the morning. Well worth paying a bit more to get access to this level. Not quite as widely available with more restricted hours than the sister hotel (which was very different so I think a different franchisee?) in Shanghai but still 11 out of 10 and great value- saves you buying breakfast or dinner and you could eat your way thro the afternoon and evening very happily- it is that good!!!! altho Beijing is an amazing city to visit so all the free time you have needs spending exploring... also free internet access in the exec lounge.I also tried out the spa- and would give that high ratings. Beautifully done and fantastic treatments. 20% discount for hotel guests whilst i was there and better prices than some of the other 5 stars. Great flowers- orchids on each floor whilst I was there. Nicely done.	
Jun 1 2009 	great hotel	This is a first class hotel.Great rooms, Great service. Ceter located and easy access to shoping business centers.	
Jun 1 2009 	The 2 bedroom Suite was wonderfuly memorable!	After the long flight, the 2 bedroom suite was wonderful. It came with a full kitchen, living room, office, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a hallway. the employees at this hotel are very international. This hotel is meant for sophisticated travelers, so they had their hands full with us as a family of four. The breakfast buffet was the best buffet we have ever experienced! the chinese food was superb, the Japanese food showcasedour favorites and the western foods included omelettes, smoked salmon and lushious pastries. We loved how the kitchen was open and you watched the professional chefs create masterpieces. The soups were wonderful and could be decorated with favorite toppings. the honey was a very large slab of honey housed in a large glass box and it dripped slowly into the interesting faucet. Everything about the buffet was perfectly thought out, measured and presented. The hotel had an elevator that went down into a large shopping mall with dozens of interesting and sophisticated shops and restaurants. Our master bathroom had a window overlooking the Forbidden City. From outside you could not see someone on the toilet because of the tinted window, but while you sat on the throne, you had a bustling world below that was fascinating to watch. We enjoyed the Houtongs, the Forbidden City, shopping in the Pearl and Silk Markets and appreciated the fine service of this hotel. Oh yes, and the swimming pool was like a giant cave and we had so much fun there! this hotel is an attraction in its own right!	
May 18 2009 	Elegant 5-star Business Hotel	I chose this hotel because of their &quot;Buy 2 for the 3rd for Free&quot; weekend promotion. The whole deco is quite business style to me. The hotel is close to Line 1-'Da Wang Lu' stop, next to it is Riz-Carlton Hotel. There is also a high-class department store-Xin Kong with world-class brand shop and thousands of commercial brands you can find. If you like shopping, it is very convenient. It is about 4 kilo-meter to the famous San-Li-Tun, i usually spend 16-18 rmb to go there.The receptionist is very kind and patient to give you all the city guide. I like their swimming pool, a bit less then 25m long, but cool design with the heating chair and shower just next to the pool. The sign leading to the pool is not very clear thought, as it is actually share the entrance to the Spa.Overrall it is quite an enjoyrable stay.	
May 17 2009 	Standard JW Marriott Experience	This hotel is pretty much like any JW Marriott you may come across - good service, good food, etc. The room service selection isn't extensive, though. It's close to a mall with a food court, restaurants, and a supermarket. The #1 line of the Beijing subway is close by, the Dawanglu station. It's about 6 stops away from Tian 'anmen Square and the Forbidden city, about 1.5 hour walking. The internet connect was pretty spotty.Location is a five because it is across the street from my company's offices.	
May 11 2009 	Perfect Hotel - clean comfortable upscale	I had a wonderful trip to Beijing and my stay at the JW Marriott was a key factor towards my satisfaction. The hotel was newly built within the last year and the decor, both in the common areas as well as the rooms, was very luxurious and comfortable. From a location perspective, the hotel is connected to the Ritz Carlton and located right next to the one of the upscale malls, which has a number of great eating spots as well as luxury shops. In addition to the mall, the hotel is also only a one minute walk away from the Dawanglu subway stop. For those unfamiliar with the BJ area, the subway is a very convenient mode of transportation, with subway stops very close to all of the major tourist attractions (Olympic center, Tiananmen Square, Forbidden Palace, Silk Road). That said, we had an English-speaking tour guide and private car take us to each of the sites, which I would highly recommend.For food, the CRU steakhouse in the JW Marriott was fantastic. I had the japanese wagyu filet and would rate it as the best steak that I've had since moving to Hong Kong a several months ago. On top of the steak, the Assistant Manager provided complimentary champagne for the table as a welcome gift. For fitness, the gym is better than most club gyms and is by far the largest of any hotel that I've stayed at. It has a large indoor pool, full suite of weight machines and free weights, as well as boxing speed bags and heavy bags. This is a great hotel for those travelers looking for upscale, luxurious accomodations at a great price.	
Apr 28 2009 	Elegance and Comfort in Style	The room was spacious and gives a sense of class and elegance.Even the bathroom was big and had a video screen in it.The service was excellent; the service staff were courteous to a fault.The location in the central business district is good although one would need a short cab ride to the various recommended shopping streets and eating places.However if you are not particular about having to eat local food of the recommended restaurants, then the shopping area around the hotel serves a wide variety of food, and just across the street would be small local eateries.The hotel also gives me a safe feeling.I also enjoyed the swimming pool, the jacuzzi pool, the steam bath and sauna.	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent hotel for Meetings	Recently held a meeting in JW Marriott Beijing with over 400 attendees over 2 days.Staff were very helpful throughout all stages of the meeting inlcuding preparation, set-up, on the day and follow-up. Thank you Karen as you were great!Meeting schedule included room lay-out changes, dinners and extended set-up time for displays. Food was on time and very tasty even when serving such large numbers of people.Highly recommended for meetings delivering good value for money.	
Apr 25 2009 	Five Star from top to bottom	My wife and I were using points for our 6 night stay @ JW Marriott Beijing The hotel is located in the heart of CBD area It is also a 2 minute walk to Line 1 of the subway The ride to Forbidden City/Tienam Sq is 10 minutes with no changesThe hotel is less than 3 years old We were in a suite and on the concierge level. Our suite had every thing we could have expected. HD TV, 2 large bathrooms, comfy linens etc The service from check in to check out was wonderful. The staff responded quickly from restaurant reservations to getting ice or an elctric adapterEach morning the executive lounge had a fabulous breakfast available at no extra costThis location also connects to the Ritz Carlton next door without walking outside Any charges at the Ritz can be trensferred to your Marriott accountThis is a 10 plus recommendation for the JW Marriott in Beijing	
Apr 20 2009	JW Marriott Beijing	Excellent hotel. Great quality room and fixtures. Over the top flower arrangenets throughout the hotel. Love the flat panel tv in the bathroom. The only minor complaint is that you have to take two sets of elevators to reach the ground floor and the concigre is on the ground level and not in the lobby on the 38th floor.	
Feb 10 2009	Hospitality unbelievable	We stayed for 8 nights during Spring Festival in the JW. The level of friedliness and hospitality so many of the employees showed us was overwhelming. ELVA MA and Jack at the Asia Buffett Breakfast stood out.Just show a nice smile and you will get a hundred smiles in return.The location is excellent because the brandnew Mall &quot;Shin Kong&quot; is across the street with many quality (hygienic) restaurants with English menus, we can recommend the Dim Sum at Golden Tripod Attic, calculate about 4 US dollars per person for dinner including a bottle of Coke or Water. Subway and KFC for kids, too.Subway station (to reach by underground via Mall) runs directly to the Forbidden City, 25 US Cents, tickets from a machine with English language.Walmart at Wanda Plaza 10 Minute walk, excellent to shop for non-pirated DVDs and chopsticks to bring home as presents.Nice room at the Executive level. The executive lounge offers nothing to eat after breakfast, you can have full Afternoon tea in the lobby and dinner incl alcoholic drinks from the bar menu at Loong bar, instead, amazing!	
Dec 16 2008 	Haven in Beijing	This hotel was excellent. The rooms were amazing, not so much 'hotel' rooms as they were decorated like small apartments. They had excellent in room electronics, tv in the bathroom as well as the option to connect one's laptop to the tv through cables in the desk. There are many more gadgets to discover in the room from the electronic blinds, bose alarm clocks to the HD tv's but in all the design and facade of the hotel was very impressive.I was there in december and it was decorated as such. The hotel location is right next to the Ritz Carlton hotel which is next to a large upscale mall.Other than that a taxi or car ride would be needed to get to other places. If you check-in in the morning there are delicous mini muffins and small patiseries by the reception desk.In all very nice stay!	
Dec 14 2008 	Loved this upscale hotel	The hotel is beautiful and new. Most taxi drivers don't know where its located. So be such to have the address (in Chinese) and the phone number. Taxi fare was $12 USD from the airport to hotel. Service must be getting better, because I expected problems after reading the other reviews. Elevators are fast and almost soundproof. The room is new, clean and top of the line. TV's in bathroom &amp; room are flatscreens. We had the breakfast buffet which was outstanding. In the evening we also had dinner at the restaurant. No complaints. Very nice.! We found time to use the fittness center, pool and hottub. Very nice atmosphere. Relaxing after a 13 hour flight. I love the Marriott. But the Consigners couldn't recommend a restaurant that was within walking distance. As it turned out, we went out the back door and found several suitable restaurants for dinner.	
Nov 14 2008 	i love this hotel	i love everything about this hotel. sure, the service could be improved somewhat, but after living in china for a while, my standards have been lowered considerably. in any case, for china this is a great, clean, modern, hospitable, and efficient hotel. a true gem in a country where service standards are considerably lacking. i stay here whenever i go to beijing and highly recommend it.	
Nov 10 2008 	Nice Hotel _ Mediocre Service	I agree with some of the other reviewers about this hotel. Great hotel, new and located next to a high end shopping gallery. Its easy to get around in Beijing so the location is just as good as anywhere else. The rooms were nice and well designed. We did not eat at the hotel so we have no comments about dining. The service was slow and it seemed a little uncoordinated. I had asked for a power converter and it took a while to finally be brought to the room. I am not sure when this hotel opened but maybe some of the workers are still green. We waited quite a while to check in and the people behind the counter seemed overwhelmed. Concierge was ok but no where as attentive as what you would expect out of a Four Seasons or Ritz. Pool was ok, but could use better air circulation. Overall the stay was good, but will probably try the Ritz (which is right next door) next time to see if its any better.	
Oct 28 2008 	Loved JW!	Stay was excellent. First my friend and I booked a car service pick up from the airport, while it was a little costly 85 USD, it was WELL WORTH IT. They meet you the second you enter the airport, take you thru customs, down to luggage and then right to the waiting car which has water, cell phone (which the hotel calls you and gets your room ready to any preference you might have).The room was great. We had great service. I read the previous review about the bad breakfast service and that is unfortunate, but we experienced nothing like that at all, our stay was 5 days. People were so helpful. We did not speak a word of Madarin and in no way felt hindered by this. I am Asian and so I was concerned that people would expect it, but they were quite gracious as soon as they realized I was &quot;english only.&quot; Also the door man was great assisting with the cabs. And also JW was great getting us an English speaking guide for Shopping, Sally (the guide, asian but had a western name) was amazing - it was 100RMB an hour. What a deal! Her email is (yiwei1979@126.com. Highly recommend her! Her english was great and she helped with all the bargaining.And lastly we needed a late check out which the hotel accomidated without a charge which I thought was uncommon and generally not my experience at any other hotel.Great place to eat ... Pure Lotus! loved it, went twice. One other tip, if you have an iPhone download BeijinTaxi Guide application it was so helpful! I used it a ton!	
Oct 2 2008 	Terrible experience	I have been here for three days, but I had bad experience about service.1st day, breakfast: I asked tea while the waitress asked me. And I didn't see the tea during my breadfast( they didn't send me tea even if they asked me, maybe I should pick up by my self).2nd day, breakfast: Same problem. But I asked the waitress again after half an hour passed and they sent me tea.3rd day, breakfast: waiting for egg. I required en over- easy egg. Behind me it is one guy with asian face, who speaks very poor mandarin . He ordered the same as mine. There was only one egg left. The cooker asked me wait a little . I was confused and repeated my order again. The cooker kept silence. After egg was done, he gave egg to the man behind me. Incredible!! I was very angry and asked the cooker why. He still kept silence. And I asked manager why. The explaination that I got is that the cooker misunderstood me. I am from China and my mandarin is easily to be understood. I paid the same , and why should I get this treatment?I will never be here again. They have marriot name but no marriot service.	
Aug 27 2008 	Phenomenal Facilities...but non existent service	The JW Marriott is a very modern hotel with many great facilities. The rooms have lots of features, and is very new. However, there is one great big flaw to this hotel- the service. Service is non-existent. NOTHING at all! Never does one welcome you to the hotel, help you with your luggage, or cares for you. It's all do it yourself. I stayed here before the Olympics, and the taxi driver didn't really know this hotel at all! We had to give him the directions. After arriving, we checked in and got into our room. Please do note that you do need to use a room key to get to the room levels. The room: We had a king room, and it had a ton of special things. Lots of great goodies, and lots of cool items. My complaint however is that the room is ultra small. But they do make good use of the space. There is a lot of room in the closets. The bed had more than six pillows, and is extremely comfortable! Every night they also give out Dove chocolates inside a pocket. Very cute. We also asked for a rollaway and it was really comfortable too! Really soft and it used a down comforter. Unlike Shangri-La in which used synthetic everything unless you ask them to change it. Electrical: Very nice in the rooms! All the TV's are Philips, and there is one big one in the main room, and a widescreen about 20 inch in the bathtub. They also have cords in which you can use to connect to the TV. Electrical plugs also fit many sorts of plugs. Bathroom: Very modern. They have fragrant stuff near the tub, and they use L'Occitane Verbena toiletries. Shower is also the modern stuff- and so is the sink! The sink is very shallow, and you can easily splash water all over the place. Just something that makes the maids have to work more. Plus you can get splashed too. You can open a blind so that you can see into the room. A privacy issue if you are with a partner is that the doors to the bathroom are pretty much see through.Color scheme is pretty much beige, and dark brown with lots of other colors mixed in. Other stuff: Their coffee and tea area is very complex- they actually use the one cup style! There's also a minibar, and complimentary mineral water in which tastes good. The safe is also very interesting- it's opens upward and not side to side. Also, all the blinds are motorized, and they go upward. Very interesting! Also slippers are included, in which are kind of shaped like a peanut- big front and back and not as wide in the middle.We also used their executive lounge as part of our room. I have to say, it's very nice, but everything is DIY. Do everything yourself! The staff doesn't care for you. Never once did they ask for our room number- and they didn't even know us! Afternoon snacks there scrumptious- delicious sandwiches and fresh fruit, and their happy hour is also very big. Lots of blues, marble, and dark colors used in the lounge. Public Areas: Very nice and modern. They pump a smell into the lobby in which smells familiar to us...but can't really tell what it is. The health club is very nice- especially the pool, which uses tile. Surrounding areas of the pool are very nice- they have a big giant shower to spray yourself before getting into the pool in which has so many sprayers and is very modern! Seats are also shaped weirdly. Pool area is also dark again, and goes from shallow to suddenly deep. So be careful if you have kids! Stay to the side that is near the Men's locker room as it is the shallow area. I have to say again but here they also had a broken pump for the shampoo. And so you had to open up the top and use your hands to open the shower!!! For the lockers they use the waving of a thing over the sensor which opens up the locker. Very high tech. Complaints: The hallways to the rooms are just DARK! You can barely see room numbers, and the whole area is light and then really dark. I took a photo of the room numbers with flash and it was still pretty dark. Also, their food quality is sometimes not really good- hard fried rice and artificial tasting orange juice.Other interesting facts: In the morning, they put out fruit and pastries at the reception area. Also, there is a Beijing 2008 store located in the lobby. Surrounding area is very nice- new and modern. The nearby Shin Kong Place has great eateries, and is very high tech as well- a Panasonic center that showcases future products is there, and they have lots of interesting products in which unfortunately are all overpriced. But their dining is very good, and is affordable in the lowest floor and is mid-scale to expensive on the highest floors.Overall it was a really good stay, but the service given out was basically nothing unless you asked them to do something for you. And that is not right if it is a five star hotel. JW Marriott is considered to be a pretty expensive brand, and this hotel seemed like a regular 4 star hotel that doesn't give out much service. So, in conclusion, I give it a 4 out of 5. Have tons of photos of this hotel as well!	
Aug 26 2008 	Fantastic 5-star hotel!	Our family stayed at this hotel for 9 days, and this is the best hotel during our China trip. Definitely a 5-star! Like others said, it is very new and modern, and is located next to a very nice and upsacale shopping mall.Upon arrival, we were upgraded to the executive floor. Our room was on the 22nd floor was spacious - two double beds + 1 rollaway, lots of storage (We stayed at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai later on, and the room in JW Marriott Beijing is definitely better). We had a couple minor problems with the room (it seems like we were their first guests in this room), and they were all fixed promptly.The bath room is beautiful and luxury. Kids enjoyed taking babble bath with flower paddles while watching the flat screen TV. One previous reviewer mentioned there were no outlet and hairdryer in the bathroom - actually they do have those, but may not be intuitive: the outlets are on the mirror wall, and the hairdryer is in one of drawers under the sink.Newspapers and fresh fruits were delviered to room every day. Rooms were cleaned every morning, and beds were turned down every nights, with chocolates and a card with tomorrow's weather forecast.There were fantastic food in the executive lounge throughout the day. Free internet. Food at lobby was also excellent. Great pool area. Great location of the hotel. Anyone working here were so nice and helpful to us. Beijing is a great city. We will be back and stay at JW Marriott again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Lacks details of a five-star hotel; not great with little kids	I stayed at the JW Marriott for eight nights in August, 2008, with my husband and two young children (4 years and 15 months). We were travelling with a group for the Olympics. If my husband and I had been travelling without the kids, this property would have met our needs well, although it does not quite measure up to five-star standards (see below). We managed fine with the kids but if our group had not been based at the JW we would have preferred another property. There are no adjoining rooms available, so if one wants separate sleeping areas (either for privacy or because the little ones go to sleep earlier than mom and dad) one must be comfortable having the kids in a totally separate room. We were not. Upgrading to a suite was not an option (availability), although my understanding is that the suites do not actually have a partition between the office/sitting area and the bedroom, so that would not have helped us much anyway. On the positive side, the sumptuous breakfast buffet is free for children and there are extensive offerings on the kids menu. In fact, any regular menu item can be ordered for kids at 50% off. Also, the indoor pool is shallow and thus quite safe for the children. The highlights: wonderful showers in the bathroom and fitness center locker rooms; very quiet – we were next door to another family with small children and only heard them when they were in the hallway; good food in all the restaurants; very close to a metro stop on the main east-west line; next door to Shin Kuo mall, with upscale shops plus a huge food court and a play area; prompt, friendly service; fitness center has lots of machines and is open 24 hours; lovely pool, Jacuzzi, sauna and locker rooms. Why this is not quite a five-star property: (1) The rooms are quite small – we were very cramped in a room with two double beds. A couple without kids, a crib and 3 suitcases would be more comfortable but would still not have a lot of room to move around. (2) Don’t look under the beds or behind the curtains! Our room certainly seemed clean on the surface, but when I was fishing toys out from under the bed I was pretty grossed out by what I saw. I then started to notice that the cleaning really was cursory – for example, surfaces were wiped, but residue of yesterday’s milk-spill were still obvious. Corners were not vacuumed. This despite the fact that housekeeping spent at least 45 minutes to an hour in our room each day! Twice we came home and had to wait, and wait, and wait to get back into the room. I learned to call housekeeping as we left in the morning, and they then came right away and finished up before we returned from our morning excursion. Also, I had brought dishwashing liquid and a bottle brush with me to keep all of our paraphernalia clean, and, oddly, one day those items disappeared. (But at least my cameras and jewelry were untouched!) (3) There is no outlet in the bathroom for a hairdryer, not even the hairdryer provided by the hotel. (4) The desk chair does not actually fit under the desk (thus consuming precious real estate in the room). (5) The flat panel TV is not mounted on the wall but sits on the dresser, thus sort of defeating the purpose of a flat panel! (6) The in-room safe is very small. (7) One night while my husband and I were at a reception on the conference level, an evacuation alarm and announcement sounded. (&quot;DO not panic. Do not use the elevators. Please evacuate the building immediately.&quot;) I flew up 12 flights of stairs to help our babysitter with my little darlings, only to learn that there was no announcement made on our floor. To be safe we took the kids down anyway. It turned out to be a false alarm, but there was no subsequent &quot;all-clear&quot; announcement, and the hotel staff made no proactive effort to inform the handful of guests who had taken the announcement seriously. One of my friends finally found the night manager and grilled him until she was sure it was safe to take everyone back upstairs. The next day we received an apology, but it was all very confusing and unsettling. What would have happened in a real emergency, I wondered. In any case, all of these things may seem like nitpicks, but they add up to an experience that is generally very nice but just not top-of-the-line. If you are going to Beijing to shop, the JW is well located. If you are going to see the major sites, I suggest staying downtown. Several years ago we stayed on Wangfujing Dajie, which is much more convenient. Based at the JW we spent a lot of time in taxis (traffic!) and on the metro. Beijing traffic is really quite bad so when considering the comfort level you want in your accommodations, it is really worth considering the distance from sites you’d like to see. I would probably prefer the downtown Holiday Inn – not as deluxe, but so much more convenient! – over the JW for future visits to Beijing.	
Aug 13 2008 	Very nice hotel	I stayed at the JW Marriott Beijing a couple weeks ahead of the Olympics games. The hotel is relatively new. It is nice and comfortable. There are four bottles of water in the room which is replenished everyday.I thought that the location was somewhat convenient. It is a 3-5 minute walk to the main subway line (line 1) which runs east-west through Beijing which means you can go to the forbidden city / tian'an men square and other tourist sites easily. Next to the hotel are two shopping malls / office buildings. In the basement of these buildings, there are many restaurants, a food court, and a grocery (supermarket). Therefore access to food / drinks is very convenient. The only drawback is that the hotel's address is actually the back door of the hotel (where groups check in). Not really a problem since there is hotel staff to greet and direct you, but a bit confusing for the taxi drivers.As usual in Beijing and China, it always helps to have the hotel name in Chinese, and a quick map to show the taxi drivers. I had a difficult time obtaining this prior to my trip. I have uploaded a scanned hotel card for future visitors. I hope it is of use to many.	
Aug 9 2008 	Couldn't be any better!	I don't know how this hotel could be any better! It is a brand new, western style hotel. Perfect in every way. We stayed at top of the line hotels everywhere in China but this was our favorite. If you can, spring for the executive level. It was worth it, although I didn't book this until I arrived. Based on reviews here, my first choice was the Hyatt, which may be more centrally located. But I got a wonderful price for this hotel on the Marriott website so I stayed here. It ended up much less than the hyatt, and got the executive level to boot. The location was absolutely fine, right across from a subway station. Staff was excellent. Highly recommend! Stay here. If you stay here, you won't be sorry you did.	
Jun 20 2008 	Fantastic Beijing Hotel	Stayed at the JW Marriott Beijing from June 11-13th. Everything about this hotel was five-star from the professional attentive staff, the food, and the room. A business colleague recommended this hotel to me. I am a Hilton Diamond VIP and have been a Hyatt Platinum, but must say that the quality of this property and the experience were exceptional. The property is new, modern, spacious and well furnished. The guest rooms were state-of-the art with abundant lighting fixtures, and state-of-the art connectivity -- in addition to internet access, there are connectors to connect a PC or DVD player to the 42 inch plasma HDTV (multiple English speaking programming options). The bathroom was large and modern with a large tub with LCD TV hanging overhead and a large walk-in shower with overhead as well as wall mounted shower heads.The meal that I had in the lobby restaurant was excellent. And all of the food in the Executive Floor lounge was plentiful and outstanding. The Executive Floor staff were extremely attentive and were remarkable at remembering guests names.I also checked out the hotels fitness centered which is also impressive and ultra modern, including the indoor pool area, spa , dressing rooms, jacuzzi, etc....Perhaps the most impressive moment came on day two of my staff when I happened to walk past the hotel staff member who had checked me in the day before. I recognized her and said &quot;hello, Lisa&quot; to which she responded &quot;hello, Mr. Jones!&quot; Wow!A few options to consider, for a reasonable fee, the hotel can arrange to have an English speaking greeter meet you right as your exit the plane -- before customs and immigration. Who will show you where to go, and then meet you again when you clear customs, and take you to a hotel arranged car pick up. Something to consider for the first time traveler to Beijing.Taxis are inexpensive in Beijing, so access to the various business districts, shopping, and tourist sites is easy. The traffic, however, can be brutal. One day by business colleague and I elected to try the subway nearby. It was well modern, well-lit, and air conditioned. It was navigable for a non-Chinese reader like me (so long as you have some familiarity with subway maps). The automated ticket machines have an English language option, the stops are all labeled in English (e.g., Tianemen-East), and the subway mays on display in the the subway cars electronically show the progress of the train.If I have any future trips to Beijing, I will definitely return to this hotel! A totally first-rate experience from beginning to end. Wow!	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed at the JW Marriott in April for a few days of discovery.My husband had been in Beijing for a few days for business meetings and picked the hotel as it was convenient to visit his clients.The hotel is not close to Tiananmen square/Forbidden City but makes for an easy trip from the airport or to go out to the Great Wall. Taxis are easy to get to go to the Forbidden City or the Summer Palace. The silk markets are close by.The service in the hotel was fantastic. My husband had organised a pick up from the airport for me and they greeted me as soon as I got off the plane (before clearing customs or immigration).The rooms are very nice. The hotel is brand new. We had a room in the club level and therefore access to the hospitality suite. The food and selection of drinks were perfect. We also ate in the restaurant downstairs. The buffet is well worth it.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 9 2008 	Its really a 5 plus star	I am sitting in the JW Marriott in Beijing as I write this review and could not be happier. First the property, it is a new hotel that has everything you could ask for. A full spa, an indoor pool, great restaurants, beautifully appointed rooms. The bathroom is eligant with all the needed &quot;bottles&quot; including things like tooth brushes. I can tell you that if you can't like this property you need to find a new attitude. But anyone can built a nice property given enough money. The real value of this hotel is in the staff. My hat is off the the HR department. One number, all the staff speaks english and most speak it very well. Number two, the staff is not only very friendly but also very, very willing to help. They make it a point to go one (and sometimes two) step more then what you would expect or require. When you leave the hotel you enter into a city where english is not used too often so any help you can get before you leave goes a long way. Like the card you get that has the hotel name and location written in Chinese so you can easily get a cab back. That card also has the Chinese for a dozen tourist spots. My compliments to the management.	
May 6 2008 	Definitely not a 5 star quality hotel	I stayed at the JW Marriott Beijing for 4 nights with my family while on vacation in China. I travel to China regularly for business but this was the first trip over for the rest of my family. The hotel is very nice, but is lacking compared to other luxury options in China. I would not stay there again or recommend it to anybody else over other options like the Shangri-la or even the Hilton.I'll start with the positives: The hotel is new and well appointed. It is very clean. The beds are comfortable, the rooms are big enough, and the TV is nice. The &quot;welcome&quot; truffles were very, very good.Now the negatives: The first problem I had when arriving was realizing that the double doors that lead into the bathroom are made of glass with etched floral designs and are &quot;see though&quot;. Some rooms also have a window from the tub into the main room, but there is a shade that can be pulled down for privacy. The problem is that you have a view from the entryway through the glass doors of the entire bathroom including the toilet, shower, sink, and tub. Call me crazy but I don't really feel comfortable using the toilet or taking a shower when I have family members coming in and out of the room when they can see straight in. I complained at the front desk and was told by the customer service manager that the doors were in fact not &quot;see through&quot;. I'm still not sure if he understood that I was talking about the door into the bathroom and not the window with the shade because his english wasn't very good and my mandarin vocabulary is too basic to discuss see through doors in the bathroom. After repeated complaints though, my room was visited by 2 maintenance men and then 3 people from housekeeping. The net result was that they taped up a bed sheet across the entry way (see the photo). Frankly, I think it's ridiculous that the solution to providing me some privacy in the bathroom at a supposedly 5-star hotel is taping a bedsheet across the entry to the bathroom. Why they didin't just include two little shades that could be pulled down on the doors is beyond me.There were a variety of other problems with the hotel. My mother, who was traveling with us, found herself trapped in an elevator for 20 minutes one morning while the maintenance guys figured out how to get the door open. The breakfast buffet was hit or miss. There were apparently some language issues and my wife received a veggie omelet with no veggies. And my eggs over easy were cooked to the point that the yolk had solidified. We also only saw the chef at the crepe station once out of the 3 mornings we ate there. The shower head had a pretty significant and annoying drip. And in one odd encounter, I was waiting in the lobby reclining on a sofa and had the toe of my shoe sitting on the edge of the table, when one of the lobby employees came over and admonished me, telling me to take my foot off the table. I can't imagine that happening at any other hotel that I've ever stayed at.The JW Marriott Beijing is a very nice looking hotel. However, once you get beyond the appearance, it become clear that it is lacking in many ways. There are so many good choices when it comes to top-tier hotels in Beijing (including the Ritz next door) that I can't recommend anybody stay here. On future trips I will be going back to the Shagri-la or Hilton, both of which are far nicer hotels.	
Apr 15 2008 	Highly Recommend this Fabulous Hotel	I went to Beijing blindly, not knowing where to stay or what to expect on my first visit to Asia. I went with the trusted name of JW Marriott with fingers crossed that it was the right choice. I couldn't have choosen a more fabulous hotel! The staff went out of their way to accomodate any need, spoke English, and the property is stunning. Lovely modern decor with no expense spared on furnishing, materials, flowers, candles, and so many details that made the place feel like home for me. The gym was, by far, my favorite place to visit and I went everyday because it is so inviting, offered great equipment, and state of the art sauna, steam-room, jacuzzi, rainshowers, heated pool louge chairs, and a lap pool. The restaurants...delicious, with a super-friendly staff. I would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat, and highly recommend it to others who appreciate a modern feel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Fabulous brand new hotel	Hotel opened in NOV'08 and makes for a very pleasant stay in Beijing. We paid to upgrade to the Executive level (worked out at about $70 a night plus tax extra) and was worth every penny. Breakfast in the Exec. lounge is more than adequate but you should splurge at least one morning and eat in the main restaurant on the lobby level. The selection is huge, offering everything from continental, cooked, fruits, dim sum section, Japanese, Indian, omelette station and the list goes on.....Travel time to/from Tianamen square took c. 20-30 mins, but Beijing traffic is bad anyway! The spa, pool and gym area are out of this world. Attention to detail is obvious here. The area surrounding the hotel is quickly becoming an upscale shopping district with names like Gucci, Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo on the door-step. They've bull-dozed a lot of the Hutongs to make way for this, consequently it doesn't particularly feel very authentic or 'Chinese' there, more like 5th Avenue in NY. Aside from that it was a great stay and the hotel staff is very keen to help.	
Oct 20 2009 	????????		
Aug 23 2009 	Hôtel de luxe pour séjour tourisme et business		
Aug 9 2009 	???????????????????????		
Apr 26 2009 	JW?????????????		
Feb 22 2009	einfach nur gut!		
Sep 16 2008 	????????????????		
