Nov 15 2009 	A very friendly hotel .	This is a very friendly hotel , perfectly located on a quiet hutong 5 minutes off WangFu Jing . On the opposite side there is a metro station . Very friendly and helpful staff . Ideal for travellers who want a clean and comfortable place to stay .	
Aug 22 2009 	Fantastic Service	I experienced a very pleasant 3 night stay at the Tian Rui Hotel recently. The staff were very knowledgable and spoke great English. It is worth pointing out that we ate supper at the hotel restaurant for 2 of our 3 nights in Beijing and not only was the food fantastic, but the restaurant staff were so friendly. They offered such amazing service.The hotel is located on a narrow alley (in a traditional Chinese Hutong), so it was very quiet. But within a 3 minute walk, you are at a very busy street corner with access to the subway (line 5). Hotel is also located very close to a pedestrian street catering to shoppers.A fantastic experience. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	I stayed at this hotel at the end of an organized tour. We were booked for two nights with the tour and then I stayed an extra five days before switching to another hotel for a 3 week stay. I really appreciated this hotel a lot more after switching to my other hotel. This hotel is conveniently located right off Wangfujing Street and the night market. One of the biggest English bookstores in on Wangfujing street. There is a subway stop (Denhshikou Station) right down the road which is on line 5. The area is pretty safe, there are little shops all the way down the street where you can buy water, soda, food, etc. The hotel staff is very friendly and accommodating. It's not a Super8 anymore and all those signs were taken down. There is hotel restaurant that serves a breakfast buffet which is decent for China standards. They have Internet access for 5yuan for a 1/2 hour or 10 yuan for an hour. It's a lot easier to use their Internet then trying to find an Internet cafe. There are plenty of restaurants around. The rooms are spacious, they had 3 English speaking stations on the TV including HBO which can be nice after a long day of touristy stuff. The bathroom is very nice. The shower is roomy. Everything in the room was very clean and the housekeeping staff was very friendly. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Central Location	What a great inexpensive place for an American to stay! Everyone spoke English quite well, there was western-style and Chinese breakfast item available including eggs cooked to order and coffee. It's centrally located within walking distance to the famous night market, the main pedestrian street, the bank and a really good dumpling restaurant. The subway station is a quick block away at the end of the hutong which can whisk you away to the Forbidden City and other sites. Yet it's on a lovely quiet shaded hutong with little shops to buy fresh fruit and sodas. There is a hair salon/spa next door with lovely friendly folks who spoke no English but were accommodating with massage, facials, and hair styling. We walked in the opposite direction from the main street (Wangfujung Ave.) and in a few minutes were deep into another hutong which was cool with the shade of trees. The hutongs wind around and there are ordinary Beijing folks living their lives away from the hustle and bustle of the pedestrian street and the tourists. Anyway, great place to stay.	
Oct 30 2005	It is all about value!	I have traveled to Beijing many times in the past decade and stayed in over 12 different hotels. Tian Rui is one of the best. I stay in different hotels because of location or customer preference but when I am traveling on my dime, I stay at Tian Rui.Rooms are spacious and well appointed. Few hotels have ironing boards. This one does. I dislike carpeted rooms in China because they just collect dirt and they seldom clean the carpet. These rooms have hard wood floors.The location is perfect. Close to the city center. However, many taxi drivers would not take me there because they did not know exactly where it was. I got a name card for the garden hotel on the next block because it is right on Wangfujing. The taxi would drop me off at that hotel, then I just had to walk about a block to get to the Tian Rui.It is a great place to stay if it is your first time in Beijing. It is sufficiently Western-friendly to be comfortable but &quot;Chinesey&quot; enough to experience China. In the end, it is the best value I have found in Beijing.	
Jul 25 2005	Super 8 is Super Great!	Super 8 Tian Rui turned out to be an oustanding value and centrally located. Our courtyard hotel gave away one of our reserved nights to someone else, so they suggested Super 8 instead, just a block and a half away. I thought there was no way I was staying at a Super 8 in China, but after finding out that other hotels were booked, we decided to take a look. Located in the quiet Baishu Hutong, just off of Wangfujing Ave., the Super 8 felt like the bargain luxury hotel that it is not in the States. The doorman greeted us, the front desk staff spoke english, and the modern elevator swept us up to the 4th floor to our suite with two generous twin beds. We had a living room and a bedroom, a moderate sized bathroom that did not smell, a closet, fridge and mini bar, a TV in each room, window seats and many windows, a great air con with remote in each room, hardwood floors, super clean bed linens, clean suite all around, six chairs, two luggage stands, a closed with iron and board, a hairdryer in the bathroom and large shower. All this for Y600 (About $70). The lobby has a small bar and a restaurant that serves a breakfast buffet (Y40) and other meals. We had the buffet once. It was good with many chinese choices and a few american choices including eggs al gusto. You could eat cheaper close by, though, for much less. I would stay here again.	
Mar 21 2005	Great location price and service	This small hotel is managed by Days Inn. It's just down the street from Wangfujing Street, the main shopping street in Beijing. The rooms aren't huge, but the price is very reasonable (less than $50 per night, if you do a little bargaining) and the &quot;American-style&quot; service is much better than the usual lackadaisical attitude you'll get at other hotels in this price range. I stayed here in November 2003.	
