	Excellent realistic Chinese Courtyard Accommodation	We can't recommend this hotel enough. It really is an authentic Chinese Courtyard hotel in a good location in Beijing. We stayed in a deluxe suite room with en-suite, which was a good size and very clean. The bathroom is a little small but the amenities were fine. The staff were very helpful in arranging taxi's and tours. Use of the computer and internet were free. Breakfast was served in the &quot;courtyard&quot; and although only a small selection of food, it was adequate but unfortunately the freshly brewed coffee was luke warm. If you want to feel part of the community, this hotel is fantastic.	
	Very warm and helpful staff	Hi I had made a reservation to stay at Michael's House after reading the many glowing reviews. The reservation process was easy and during our stay, most of the staff were very warm and helpful.What I liked most about the hotel was how the room and the lobby was so traditional and different from the usual hotels that one stays in. And because there were not so many people (because Michael's House doesn't have as many rooms as those other usual hotels), faces become familiar and you see strangers befriending and exchanging travel tips etc. Quite nice I thought!Location - I personally liked the fact that just right outside the alley to Michael's House, there was a night market. So when you felt like supper, you could simply walk out to buy some roasted chestnut, fruits, popcorn (from the nearby cinema) or smelly toufu. And if you are adventureous enough, there are other food too. A small minus was the distance to the subway station. Given the extremely cold weather when I was there, the walk to the subway station was a tad far for my liking. After a long day, it was tiring (and cold) to walk that 15min (I reckon it's about 500-600m from Exit A (the nearest exit to hotel) of Jinshuitan station to the hotel). We took the subway for the first couple of days, after which, we found it too tiring and cold to walk, and ended up taking the taxi for most days. Facilities - The room we had was very clean and pleasant. And there is free internet access in the rooms. And if you didn't bring your own laptop or netbook, you could use the PC placed outside in the common area. I think this is quite thoughtful of the owners. There is also cable tv in the rooms. However, during out stay, the cable tv reception was quite poor. So on nights when we got back early, there wasn't much to do since we couldn't receive the cable tv properly. It kept freezing. But I guess that shouldn't be too much of an issue since one wouldn't be there to watch tv. Oh, and like most heated water tanks in winter, we had, on a couple of occasions, ran out of heated water while in the shower and had to wait. So space out when you take your baths!All in all, while there were some areas of improvement, I think that it was quite an experience. For people who don't mind the fact that Michael's House is a little off the central, and who are looking for a courtyard house type accommodation, I would recommend staying here.	
Nov 23 2009 	Cozy and friendly courtyard for socializing	The most comfortable bed I have slept in for quite some time. Nice breakfast and cozy courtyard. 4 of us also booked a private tour to the Mutinyou section of the great wall and car, guide and experience were all very positive.Only suggestion is that they should add a light in the closet so you can see in your suitcase.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent	Michael's House combines authentic old Chinese qualities with the warmth of welcome and feeling of friendly support you might find at the house of a personal friend in your home country. The place stands in a small lane amongst the usual clutter and activity of Beijing's streets, ten minutes' walk from the nearest subway (underground railway) station. I agree with another comment I read that it's more like a B&amp;B in atmosphere but none the worse for that. If you want a 5-star international hotel, go somewhere else (and pay 5 times the price). I wish Michael and his family continued and deserved success. Great!	
Nov 13 2009 	Magic @ Michael's	Unfortunately only stayed one night,wished it could be longer. Everthing from internet booking to checking out was more than a positive experience.I am disabled and the staff went up &amp; beyond expectations to assist. The staff of wonderful young women did their tasks in such a positive manner---astonishing. Thanks again to all!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Felt more like a B	The purpose of my trip was to visit universities like Bei Da, Beijing Normal and Renmin, so the location in the Haidian District was very convenient. The subway is a short 15 minute walk away, past street vendors selling roasted chestnuts, etc. It was nice feeling like I was living in a real neighborhood, not in a touristy part of the city. Lydia and the other staff were lovely -- from trying to hail a cab for me in the middle of a fluke Halloween snow storm to writing all sorts of little notes for me in Chinese, they made the stay so much easier. Some of my Chinese colleagues scoffed when I told them where I was staying but they were all charmed when they came inside to pick me up and I noticed that many of them stopped by the front desk to pick up a business card on the way out. The breakfast (vegan/vegetarian friendly!) and lounge area is very comfortable and was great for impromptu meetings. My room had a kind of funky new age feel to it that I really liked.	
Nov 8 2009 	Warm Inviting Quiet Place	If you want a nice place to stay in a real Beijing neighborhood that's off the beaten path, this is it. It's not fancy, but it has everything you need for a good night's sleep, a place to relax, and a good breakfast. I've stayed in many five star hotels in Beijing and did so for a few days on this trip. I vastly prefer Michaels House.	
Nov 7 2009	Michael's House in Beijing ... best part of our holiday in China!	My mum and I stayed at Michael's House in Beijing for our first 4 nights in China and we absolutely loved it.We found the booking procedure relatively straightforward and pre-arrival communication with the Front Office Manager, Sean, to be very good; his English is excellent. I asked a lot of picky questions about the room and bathroom and Sean gave me very clear and honest answers. I requested a specific room (N4) in my booking and was happy that we were able to get it.Sean had emailed me in advance with directions in Mandarin to give to the taxi driver when we arrived, with very clear info on how long it would take from the station etc etc.We were given a very warm and friendly welcome when we arrived at Michael's House. We were a little concerned that our chosen room was so close to the public lounge area and were worried that it may be a bit noisy, however, despite there being a fair number of guests around, the room was in fact extremely quiet and peaceful and we were extremely happy with it throughout our stay.The room was spotlessly clean, the sheets and other bed linen immaculate and while the bathroom was small it was perfectly adequate and clean with plenty of hot water in the shower and a full array of bathroom amenities.For breakfast there was a great selection of both western and Chinese food, tho we recommend to you get in early before the scrambled eggs or dumplings get cold!We had dinner one night while we stayed there; the menu is pretty limited but perfectly sufficient and while we wouldn't say the food was spectacular it certainly met our needs and wasn't expensive.Michael was away when we'd arrived so his lovely wife, Joanna, was a great help to us in planning our activities and very kindly arranged for one of the front office girls, Lydia to go out with us on our first day as an unofficial guide. We had so much fun with Lydia that we asked if she could come out again the next day, but she was working so Joanna arranged for Miranda, Lydia's co-worker, to come instead. We had a great time with both of the girls and were deeply touched when neither of them would accept payment from us.We felt so completely home at Michael's that we really didn't want to leave. The warmth, friendliness and hospitality of Michael, Joanna and his staff made our introduction to China very special and no other part of our holiday lived up to it. We will cherish our memories of this special little hotel for many years to come and I hope that we will get to go back there again one day.Thank you, Michael, Joanna, Sean, Lydia, Miranda and the rest of team for a wonderful time!Lindsay FlakelarCentral JavaIndonesia	
Nov 3 2009 	Exactly what I expected - a great hotel	After reading numerous reviews on this site, we chose Michael's Hotel to stay in for 4 nights in late October. We booked 2 nights in the Emperor's Suite and 2 nights in the Standard Double room. We wanted to live like kings, but only for 2 nights :) And live like kings we did! When we arrived we went straight to our room and were delighted that it looked exactly like the pictures. A giant bed, small but stylish bathroom and our own computer with Internet access. We arrived rather late and asked if it would be possible to book a tour to the Great Wall at Simitai the next day. While we went out to grab some street food down the street, the desk clerk put it all together and we were able to catch mini-bus the next morning to take us to to the wall. All the clerks at the hotel speak English, some better than others, but probably the best English you'll encounter for most of your trip!The hotel is about 4-6 blocks from the Jishuitan subway station, which is about a 5 minute walk and you only have to cross one major road. The hotel is located down an alley, which can make it hard for cab drivers to find when dropping you off, however, there are a million cabs once you exit the alley and the hotel is very accommodating if you need anything. We asked the clerk to translate some dishes we could order at a nearby restaurant, since most of the nearby restaurants are quite small and they don't speak much English, and the staff made sure to tend to any need we had.They serve a decent breakfast that's part of your room cost and there's coffee and tea whenever you like it. And there's one main computer for hotel guests to use if you need to email or check directions. The hotel owner also wisely invested in a separate phone line that links directly to North America. This came in quite handy when I urgently needed to call Visa about my card. And the hotel did not charge me for the call, so nice!I hope this review is helpful in making a decision about where you will stay during your visit to Beijing.	
Nov 2 2009 	Hotel rooms looked gorgeous. Hostel rooms were really gross.	My intention was to book a private room, but I accidentally booked the &quot;Private twin - Shared bathroom&quot;. I did not realize that this room was the tatami mat room, so keep that in mind with this review. I am reviewing the hostel part of this hotel, not the fancy hotel part, so bear that in mind. I've stayed in many hostels before, and this one was on the gross side.The tatami room reeked of mould. That's just a problem that comes from leaving a futon in a tiny room all day without air conditioning (they turn it off when they clean to save energy). The snacks were well past expired (not that you'd come to a hostel for the snacks, but I thought I'd mention it). The room was situated right next to the street on the main level. Elderly women would take care of their babies right in front of the windows (close the blinds). If you are a light sleeper, the sounds of screaming children can wake you up super early (even if you are using ear plugs). All of those things are things you can deal with for a hostel, but what really grossed me out was the shared bathroom. There is only one shower tucked away in the back behind the kitchen. You have to pack a knapsack full of your clean clothes, towels, and toiletries and bring it with you across the lobby to the other side of the building. The one shower is used by both men and women hostel guests and the staff alike, so you can end up waiting in a long line for a shower. The shower door has frosted glass for privacy, but it's not all that private. Anyone who walks along the hallway can see a fuzzy outline of you. As a woman travelling alone, I wan't comfortable dressing in front of it, but had little choice. The shower drain is usually backed up, so you are wading in someone else's dirt (BRING SHOWER SHOES!). It was mouldy and the water pressure was reduced to the point that I was unable to get the underside of my hair wet. For the duration of my stay, I never quite felt clean. Plus, if you shower at night, you gotta walk across the lobby in your pajamas. The location was rather far from the train station. maybe a 15 minute walk. In the daytime, this is not a problem, but at night, this isn't safe. At least, as a female alone, I really didn't feel safe walking around this neighborhood. People would block my path and start demanding information from me like where I was from and why I was there. I know that some of it is curiosity, but I definitely felt unsafe. It also didn't help that some taxis refused to drive down the hutong to the front door. They would drop me off at the main street and tell me to walk it myself. Walking down a dark alley at night is just not smart anywhere, but I really had no choice. Also, many taxis don't really know the location of the hotel. If you give them the address, they may understand the general area and take you there, but unless you have a cell phone that they can call the hotel with, you may be dumped somewhere. Definitely ensure that you are at the hotel before you get out. Keeping that in mind, the staff were fabulous. Helped me with every little request from booking train tickets, to keeping my luggage at the desk. I really thought that they did a fantastic job helping everyone out regardless of what room they were staying in. They definitely make this hotel a great place to stay. The breakfast was also delicious if you can get there early enough. Very tasty and free! Overall, for the price (50$), there are way better hostels out there. The hotel rooms may make this a great place to stay for a hotel, but for a hostel, you can do better.	
Oct 30 2009 	seen be back to home	I stayed two days in the hotel, seen to back to home. The staff are very nice, and good service. They are very helpful for my trip in Beijing. The hotel looks great, new equipment and comfortable bed which made me have a deeply sleep. I would be back to there if i go to Beijing next time. Michael's house is my first choice accomdation in Beijing.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good rooms not-so-good location and a little over-priced	We stayed at Michael's House for 3 days earlier this month. The place itself is located in a narrow lane lined with street food vendors of every sort, which makes it difficult for a taxi to drive up to their enterance. It is also squeezed in by apartment buildings and the location does not really give a 'hutong' feel unfortunately. The house itself is a big enclosed courtyard surrounded by rooms: while clean and reasonably well done, it does remain a little dark and is quite small. Location is reasonable: it is about 20 mins by cab to Waifujing/ Forbidden City.Rooms are what you would expect in a 3-star hotel: nothing fancy but good beds and clean linen and toilets. We felt that the price was a little high for the location and overall facilities. We found the staff very attentive and helpful, which was a plus. But for the price, feel you can do better in a city like Beijing.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great place	We spent about 5 days at Michael's House, and were very pleased. The room was comfortable and clean, and the atmosphere terriric. Lydia and Miranda were wonderful, helping us with recommendations, dinner reservations, directions, etc. Very glad we chose Michael's House over some generic hotel chain. It really made our Beijing stay special. Well located - easily accessible to downtown, but outside the fray of ultra-touristy hotel areas. Wonderful place; hardworking, helpful staff. Thanks so much for a great stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	A Great Hotel in the Hutong	We recently stayed at Michael's House in a small hutong in Beijing. Before we even arrived, I had emailed the hotels to book a Peking Duck restaurant for us that came highly recommended. Upon our arrival, the restaurant was reserved and we even had our own private dining room...wow, what service! The 2 deluxe rooms we booked were great, very large and accomodating. We also had a safety deposit box in our room which is always a big plus. To top everything off, we had massages arranged at the last minute the night we arrived. A 90 minute massage after a long day of traveling made our stay at Michael's House one of the BEST of our entire trip. Penne from Memphis, Tn.	
Oct 25 2009 	It is our home in Beijing	I have been living in this hotel for 3 times since last August. My kids call it our home in Beijing. I definetly could not agree with the negative review about it. It is quiet, clean and extremly friendly. My children were 8 and 9 while we first lived in this hotel. It was their first time to Beijing, China. We were living in another 3 star conventional downtown hotel, you could not see anyone after you stepping of the elevator except the shutting door. Except the sightseeing all us could do was locked in our room, watching TV, playing game. Unless my friend in the States recomand us Michael's House. As we walked into the beautiful courtyard, the kids were attracted by the chinese lattern, fish pond and the big comfy coutch. They begged me to switch our hotel right way. My children felt relax. safe, interesting here, and of course their generouse breakfast. All the staff were very friendly, especially Michael and his wife Joanna. they would chat with the kids and explain some chinese culture to them. My children had great memoties here. This Sepember was our second time to stay in this hotel. On afternoon as we stepped in the courtyard, there were roasting chesnuts, fruits and tea on the table, all the guests were welcomed to enjoy the autumn celelbration. All of sudden I realized that this was the real life of Siheyuan. That is the reason why we choosed to live in Michael's House. It is a great hotel. Although it does not have the fancy lobby, but it is cozy enough to be our home away from home.	
Oct 24 2009 	Michael's House is a great choice for comfort and convenience	We stayed 6 nights at Michael's house - twice 3 days because of a short trip in between, in two different rooms, and did not regret having chosen this based on previous reviewers. It is conveniently located (not near any main attraction, but 5 min walk to the circle line that gets you to all of them), near wonderful lakes in walking distance. Michael's house is small, has very personal ambience, serves great breakfast (mix of western and Asian). It is unique (a restored nearly 100 year old courtyard). The only weakness is maybe that the rooms are small - you aren't in a Hilton or Marriot - and it is quite expensive and largely used by Western tourists. But if you want personal attention (incl. help in booking a tour) and Western clean bathrooms close to all BJ attractions, it is great.	
Oct 21 2009 	Michael's House is the only place I'd ever stay in Beijing	My husband and I loved Michael's house. Michael himself is a wonderful host and helped us figure out how to best spend our 4 days in Beijing. The staff are gracious and friendly, any help we needed was available immediately. They arranged a wonderful trip for us to the Great Wall for an extremely low price (only 1 other person in a newish van, and we had our own driver and tour guide for 3 people). Michael's House itself is a refurbished authentic multi-generational Beijing home, and staying there made us feel like we were living in Beijing. The ensuite rooms are quite large, with a comfortable sofa and flat-screen TV (with HBO) in the living room area, and a large extremely comfortable bed in the bedroom area. The bathroom shower was comfortably large as well. The whole place is beautifully decorated and was spotlessly clean. It looks just like the photos on the website, but everything is larger in real life than it looks in the photos, which is great.The neighborhood location is excellent, very close to the subway, which we took everywhere, and lots of access to taxis nearby as well. The nearby main street hosts a sort of flea market each evening, where local people shop to purchase low-priced items. My husband and I strolled through each evening and felt like part of the neighborhood.There are lots of good quality moderately-priced restaurants within walking distance, and with a bit of a longer walk, there are some fabulous (though more expensive) restaurants on the banks of the human-made &quot;seas&quot;. The breakfast at Michael's House is excellent also.I would never stay in a typical western-type 5-star hotel in Beijing. The only place I'd ever stay would be Michael's House.	
Oct 18 2009 	Wonderful experience!	My friend and I stayed at Michael's House in early October for 5 nights. We simply couldn't have made a better choice.Our room was clean and quiet. Our beds had nice linens and were very comfortable. Breakfast was more than adequate. The staff were friendly and helpful. Michael and his wife were charming. Actually we felt quite pampered.All in all, it was a great place to stay and we loved Beijing. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Michael's House to anyone!	
Oct 15 2009 	Lots of character great service but bad location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in September of 2009. One of the reasons we choose this hotel was because its website said it was in a traditional hutong area. This is not true. It was located among tall buildings, not at all a hutong area. At night, the street where it is located was very dark. The taxis wouldn't drop us off at the entrance because the street is too narrow, so we'd have to walk for a block or so. It didn't seem too safe, specially for a solo traveller. In the morning the street would be really dirty because at night many food stands would be along the street.The hotel's location is also bad since it's far from the city center with lots of traffic. You waste about 2 hours each day just in transportation.The hotel itself is a traditional hutong structure, nothing special. The room was really nice since we stayed at the Emperor's suite. Although difficult to get off the bed in the middle of the night if you're the person against the wall. We saw the other rooms and seemed small. The door to the room and bathroom were made of aluminum, not really blocking the noise from the courtyard.On the good side, the service was excellent. Michael from the fron desk was really helpful and friendly. The breakfast was tipycal chinese and generous. Good - service, emperor's suiteBad - location	
Oct 12 2009 	Loved This Place	My wife and I and our university-student son stayed at Michael's House for three nights. We did have a little trouble finding the place, as the sign in English is not very obvious (dim light, and partially overgrown by plants). A taxi got us close--at the head of the alley, but from there we were on our own. Fortunately, we ran into some very friendly guys who asked around and found it for us. (In fact, we were very impressed by how easy it was to get friendly help, as compared with previous trips to China.)Once we found it, we were very pleased. After we checked in, we were given plenty of information on Beijing and the places we wanted to see. Yes, as another reviewer pointed out, the breakfast is not exciting, but we didn't stay here for the breakfast anyway. It was enough food for us before we hit the road each day. We loved the room--a combination of traditional and modern. There was plenty of space for the three of us, and even though it looked right out on the courtyard, the thick windows kept out all sound. A public computer was available when we needed the internet. The staff were great--friendly and helpful. Sean arranged for a taxi to come at 5:00 a.m. on our last day to take us to the airport.Without question, Michael's House was a great find. We'd stay there again in an instant. If you want a place with character, cleanliness, and friendly service--and at a good price--this is where you want to stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice enough place but some improvements needed.	I stayed in this for 3 nights during my recent trip to China. I decided to book it after reading great reviews on tripadvisor.comI agree with others that this hotel has a lot of charm and character. I found staff friendly and helpful. I did not however see any other staff apart from the reception staff.I stayed in the tatami mat (twin) room, which does not have a bathroom. In order to use bathroom or toilet facilities, I had to parade through the communal area where other people sat. This area also has a reception desk. I guess due to the layout of the building, there is not much that could be done about it, but it can be a bit intimidating.My room was facing the street and it was sometimes noisy with some people walking by and talking loudly late at night.My room has quite small, but pleasant and clean. It did have a phone, but the phone did not work. I was told by reception staff that I could receive calls at he reception desk, which I did. It did not however allow me to have my telephone conversations in private. I would have been much nicer of them to swap my faulty phone with one another room. Breakfast was ok. There was a decent selection of food on offer, although it was a bit slow in coming. Breakfast was served as of 7 am, but some dishes only started to arrive half an hour later.There is a computer with internet connection that can be used by guests.Upon check out, I was presented with additional charges for 2 bottles of water, which I did not have. When I raised it with staff, I was told that I must have had it, as it was written on a sheet of paper by someone who cleaned my room. When I said again that this was incorrect, this was removed from my bill. I have stayed in 4 different hotels during my stay in China and this was the only one that did not provide free bottled water. For those who may not be aware, you cannot drink tap water in China.The person who was dealing with me during check out did not know how to operate the credit card machine well and rather than cancelling my pre-authorisation, she charged it on my card again and then said that she could not cancel it and would cancel it later that day. The location itself was quite nice. The hotel is located in an non-touristy area with plenty of night food stalls in the close vicinity. It is within a walking distance from a metro station and a bus station, from which you can catch buses to see the Great Wall.Despite some of my comments above, I would recommend this hotel to my friends and I would probably stay there again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean friendly tasteful decor and interesting neighbourhood	My wife and I have travelled extensively all over the world, and have lots of very good things to say about this place. The service was friendly, and the staff was willing to look up information/maps on the Internet to make our stay more welcoming.The rooms are clean, tastefully decorated, very quiet and with thick drapes, meaning that a good night's sleep is pretty well guaranteed. While it's true that there are some cheaper hotels in Beijing, this one offers excellent value. There's kind of a garden/comfortable chill-out area to sit and either watch the big flat-screen TV, use the free Internet or just read. Once you get oriented, it's about a 10-minute walk from the closest subway/metro station, and the neighbourhood is lively, with lots of street stick-food and restaurants around, all at very cheap prices. Once you're on the subway, it's roughly 20 minutes to Tiannamen Square and/or the Forbidden City.  The biggest improvement to make would be the breakfast. It was okay, and buffet-style, but the hot-plates to keep the food warm were either turned on too low, or they didn't work, making the breakfasts cold. It might also be nice if they would offer drinks (like beer) for sale in the evenings. Most of the neighbouring places charge 3 RMB for a half-litre (pint) of beer, so something like this at Michael's House might be a good idea! For those who get up after 9:30 am, when breakfast finishes, it might be nice to still be able to have a free coffee.My wife and I stayed for five nights, and as we live in Tianjin (2.5 hours away), are planning to regularly return to Michael's House. We're also recommending it to our friends and colleagues!	
Oct 7 2009 	Thank you to all the staff ! If we come to Beijing again it will be to "Michaels House"	best two star acc. ever been to!Helpful,friendly,caring ,clean, .............. nothing negativ to say about!Sean,Edward as well as Michael and his lovely wife,hope to see you again!	
Oct 6 2009 	Could be better	Michaels is located on the north fringe of the city, close to bus &amp; metro. The neighbourhood does not have any charm &amp; we spent a lot of time catching taxis to the eastern area of the city to eat &amp; sight see. Fortunately taxis are very cheap. Their breakfast is barely acceptable. The common room has a classroom feel to it with the manager sitting at a desk overlooking everything. The rooms are basic but comfortable. The bed was good.	
Sep 24 2009 	If you're looking for value for money and lots of personality Michael's House is for you!	I recommend Michael's House for the superb quality of service they extend -- from Sean handling the last minute changes in booking we had to do, to Edward meeting us upon our arrival and giving us impromptu history lessons over breakfast, to Miranda getting us the dumpling dipping sauce we couldn't describe, to Lydia who took us on a night out in a pretty part of town. The hotel has a lot of personality, is very cozy, serves great dumplings, and the staff exerted every effort to make sure our stay was comfortable and enjoyable. Michael's House is a few minutes' walk to the nearest train station, and is situated pretty near to a bus stop. The rates are good and on the whole made our Beijing stay all the more fun.One thing, though, When booking certain tours (ie to the Great Wall or the Forbidden CIty), it would be good to double check with the hotel's travel agent partners that you're going to the right place.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fabulous place to stay!	Recommend this hotel to anyone who prefers a more personal experience to that of a large hotel. The staff particularly Sean were extremely helpful and helped us out with transport, visits, nothing was too much trouble. We got restaurant recommendations, directions written in both Mandarin and English which was extremely helpful. Michael the owner and his wife were extremely welcoming and interesting to talk to. Rooms were cosy, nicely furnished, beds very comfortable not hard as is usual in China. The central courtyard was a great place to sit and have a snack or a drink. Free internet access is also available. The hotel very kindly kept one of our bags as we travelled around China when we returned to Beijing ready for our flight home - lots of shopping. Hotel isn't situated in a touristy area and you get the chance to experience more of a local lifestyle. A thoroughly enjoyable stay. Thanks to evryone at the hotel who made us feel so welcome.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Stay and Services beyond hotels	I often stay in china hotels and many do not offer the service and attention like here. I decided to choose this place for the next 4 nights here in Beijing. Very easy 8 minute walk to subway station (Jishuitan Station) and near to all tourist attractions. Make sure you don’t go out too late because subway is out by 11, not like New York which is on 24 hours. I ended up taking taxi and thanks again for the driver and hotel staff at Michael’s which have no problem taking me to back at 1AM. Room prices are very reasonable and service I get is better than what I would expect from a 5 star hotel. Emperor’s Suite is classy. I didn’t bring a computer with me but there was one available in the room at No Charge. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I don’t speak any Mandarin and the staff there wrote all necessary destinations and guides in both English and Chinese which is easy for most drivers in China. Overall it’s a very cozy hotel, clean and reasonable price in the area. I was lucky to personally met with Michael and Joanne and thank them for even providing me transportation assistance to Airport Shuttle on the last day I leave. May be because I stay at the Emperor’s Suite? Great job Michael and I look forward to stay here again when I am in Beijing.	
Aug 6 2009 	Comfortable and welcoming	My husband and I stayed at Michael's House for three days in the third week of July. We enjoyed it alot. We had been touring with family for two weeks, and were looking to poke around by ourselves on a somewhat more relaxing pace. This small hotel is almost like a B &amp; B, with a friendly and welcoming atmosphere. The hotel looks exactly as it does on the website. We stayed in the deluxe Queen Suite, which had the most comfortable bed we had encountered in our first two weeks in China. The sitting area of the suite had a comfortable couch and a flat screen tv. The whole place was immaculately clean, and the bathroom had the amenities of a larger hotel...hairdryer, shampoo, etc. There are rooms there of all price ranges, including a dorm room with bunk beds.The location was in the North West of Beijing within walking distance of the Jishuitan (SP?) subway station, as well as within walking of the upper lake area. The location of the hotel is totally different from that of downtown Beijing, and it will give you more of a feel of the less touristy part of the city, although if touristy is what you want, it is easily accessible. (We did that earlier in our trip)Michael Wang, the owner, is on the premises, and is an enjoyable person, a good host, and speaks English, as he has lived in the US for several years. He is happy to give you suggestions and directions, and he and his staff will happily write out directions in Chinese to hand to a cab driver. Also, when we made our reservations, they emailed us directions written in Chinese to give to our cab driver, as their place is a little difficult to find down a small alley. THat was a big help! Our last two nights in Beijing, we moved downtown to a fancy hotel to see the other side of Beijing, near the shopping, the ritzy shops, etc. We loved that too! We were glad we had seen both, and without a doubt, Michael's House was the most personal.	
Jun 27 2009 	The place to stay in Beijing	Good location, awesome staff. The staff went above and beyond. I know zero Chinese and had a few ideas of what I wanted to do when I got there. They helped us put it all together. On our first day Mike, the owner, took us out to the Summer Palace himself. Nicely decorated, good size/clean rooms.	
Jun 27 2009 	No better start to make	We started our 4 week stay in China at Michael's House in Beijing. We made some arrangements before leaving like airport pick up etc. They did one hell of a job making ou stay as pleasant as could be. Punctual concerning the made arrangements, friendy as they try to do just everything needed to make you feel at home, advising as they take time to give you good advice to make your stay very pleasant. Not big but best in class!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Very comfortable and friendly	My 3 teenage kids and I had a great stay in this hotel last week. We found the location quite convenient - it is about 10 minutes walk from Jishuitan subway station on line 2 (the cirlce line), so if you don't mind the walk you can get anywhere in the city easily. And there are lots of taxis nearby. The courtyard setting is very cosy and comfortable...like having your own living room right outside your room. Very good value. The other guests were friendly and we were able to trade experiences regarding what to see and do. A special mention is deserved by the staff, who were extremely friendly and helpful. Anywhere we wanted to go or see, they were willing to look up details for us and write out directions in Chinese for the taxi driver. I would stay here again in a flash, and the kids enjoyed it too.	
Jun 5 2009 	Best way to expreience coutyard life in Beiing	My name is Joe Zhao. I work and live in New York.I stayed in Michael's House for 3 nights with my wife.We were amazed by the personal attention from Mr. Michael Wang, the owner.We feel really like staying home.We really like the room with junior suite functionThe bed is the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on.	
Jun 3 2009 	Was this really a hotel? It felt like a second home.	Quite simply, if you are looking for somewhere in Beijing, you must consider Michaels House. Of the hundreds of hotels I have stayed at, Michaels House is one of the best.The staff are very kind and friendly, the rooms are delightful, and the courtyard lounge and dining area is beautiful. The only thing I would mention is to ensure you have a phone with you upon arrival - taxi drivers are reluctant to go down the laneway where it's located, so for the first time you arrive, it's easier to call the staff (24 hours reception) and have them explain the location. Once you've arrived, you'll never have a problem finding it again!	
Jun 1 2009 	Charming hotel with service minded staff.	This is a very nice little hotel with very helpful and service minded staff. It is clean and the people there work hard to keep it that way. The staff spoke English better than in to five star hotels (one in Xian and one in Beijing) we visited on our trip to China.I don't know if Tripadvisor have changed the location, it used to be totally wrong, but the actual location is 10min walk north-west of Jishuitan subwaystation. From there it will cost you 2 RMB to go to any other subwaystation. It's easy, safe and fast.The neighbourhood seem to be a typical chinese neighbourhood.	
May 3 2009 	Well-decorated and cozy hotel	If you want to have a feel of real Hutong and authentic Beijing experience, this is the right place to stay. Small family-run hotel where you receive very friendly and thoughtful services. The location is convenient for sight-seeing. This is indeed a boutique hotel with unique decoration.	
Apr 25 2009 	A Gem of a hotel	My wife, little boy and I stayed at Michael's house back in January and we liked it so much we came again in April. As soon as you walk in place you feel at ease, which after a day's sightseeing in Beijing was just what we needed! The rooms are great, staff really helpful and the atmosphere around the place perfect. The biggest compliment I can give this hotel is that it was part of the holiday experience and one of the reasons our visits to Beijing were so enjoyable and therefore very different from the instantly forgettable stays we often get with larger chain hotels. Good work Michael, it is how a hotel should be! Tony, Helen and Harry	
Apr 8 2009 	The most welcoming hotel ever	A group of 10 of us stayed at Michael's House for almost two weeks and, from the start, the place felt more like home than a hotel. The staff are amongst the most attentive I have ever encountered, without ever being fussy or intrusive. The rooms are tastefully and individually decorated; the place is spotless; the atmosphere great. Any requests or enquiries we had (and they ranged so wildly I'm surprised the staff kept up with us) were dealt with efficiently and in such a helpful manner... This is a very special place, a world away from bland hotel chains. If I ever get the chance to go back to Beijing I will head straight to Michael's House.	
Feb 16 2009 	great place	Michael’s House is a boutique hotel hidden inside the “Hutong” of Beijing; its glass-roofed lobby is very special, like the sunroom of your own house. The room deco is in traditional but supplies modern facilities, clean and comfortable. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to feel real Beijing.	
Jan 20 2009	Michael's House Staff Superb!!!	The staff was the most attentive I've ever had at a hotel. The service was excellent. They helped us book several tours in Beijing, and also on our trip to Xian. I would highly recommend this Boutique Hotel to anyone who wants a true taste of Chinese culture. The hotel sits in the middle of a Hutong, and we were able to see how the citizens of Beijing go about their daily routines. Sean, Snow, and the entire staff were great!!!!	
Nov 6 2009 	charming		
Sep 26 2009 	???????????????????????		
Feb 27 2009 	exellent souvenir		
