Nov 15 2009 	Superb modern hotel	Because our reservation was messed up, likely by internet booking agent, it took an hour or so to get things straightened out and we got upgraded to suite. The hotel is modern and beautiful in area with many other new hotels. It's not in city center but only cheap 20 minute taxi ride, so it's worth staying here and saving some money compared to more costly center hotels.	
Oct 26 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	Beautiful hotel. Perhaps the friendliest most attentive staff I have ever experienced. We had meals prepared by the hotel for our meeting which were very good for banquet food. The Italian restaurant in the hotel is superb. The fitness center is HUGE and loaded with all new equipment. Indoor pool is beautiful. Obviously a very well managed hotel in every aspect. I look forward to staying here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very nice Hotel in a good location	The hotel is almost brand new, when I stayed over there. Just a year old. Build and opened in 2008 before the Olympic Games. So the hotel is not very well-known to taxi driver, but the area.The service in the hotel is brilliant. I was treated very nice. I booked a room in executive floor and the staff in the executive lounge was very nice and care for the guests very much. At least for me. One day my air condition didn't work and they repaired it immediately and offered me a new room in case they cannot repair it. That's nice. They gave me always the same room, which I prefered. That's what you can call service. The Hotel Manager excused for the internet problems I had and I got a voucher. The staff really cares for the problems of the guests and they are very polite and friendly.The rooms are quite nice. Clean, always taken care of, quite big, with a desk inside and a big restroom with shower bath and so on. The rooms are new, as the whole hotel. Very good.The hotel itself is located directly at the third ring road. Actually I thought you might hear anything, but no sound. Absolutely silent. You can watch third ring road, if you have a room to the front. The area is well known to taxi driver, just the hotel not. You will find easily a taxi to go everywhere. One big advantage is the subway station 2 minutes walkway from the hotel. There is also a big shopping mall beside the hotel. Very convenient. A lot of shops around the hotel, which makes life easy and your stay comfortable. The hotel also got some restaurants, which I must honestly say, never visit. I always was out. You can find some good restaurants close to the hotel as well. The hotel got also a bar in the 4th floor. And that is the only disadvantage of the hotel.The bar in the 4th floor close very early and the staff over there is not very familiar with english language. That's the only thing from my point of view, the hotel has to improve. In regards to the Swimming Pool and the Spa area, I cannot make any comments, because this area was under reconstruction, when I stayed over there. So I couldn't use it. But it looks quite interesting.Result: I feel very comfortable and very welcome in this hotel. The location is very good and the staff very nice. It is a good recommendation to explore Beijing. It is also very good for your business activities, because they offer all you need for that.	
Sep 28 2009 	First class hotel.	I have been travelling to Beijing for business on a regular basis over the past 20 years and have stayed at many of the 5 star hotels in the city . My five (two week) stays so far at the Renaissance have been an excellent experience.Staff are highly trained and give great attention to detail, they have obviously been trained to a high &quot;western&quot; standard.All facilities at the hotel , especially the rooms are very comfortable.Restaurant food and service at all of the hotels outlets are great and very good value. The location of the hotel makes getting around so much easier, as it is conveniently located close to many of the main roads which means you avoid much of the heavy traffic.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent Service	Beyond the architectural beauty (it was built to accommodate the tourists of the Olympics), the service was excellent! The concierge gave us his cell phone so we could call him if we needed anything. We went to see the Great Wall and our driver did not speak English and we did not speak any Mandarin. So I would call the concierge and he would translate for us. At another time we ran out of battery and the concierge provided for us (he sent someone to walk across the street to a convenience store) - free of charge.The rooms are very contemporary, one of those see through bathrooms that can dim with a flick of a switch. Ultra-comfy beds. The only Renaissance that I know of (or has been to) that had spa services onsite. Centralized location.	
Sep 3 2009 	Not yet a 4 star hotel	My wife and I stayed twice in this hotel in the first half of August, 2009. The Renaissance brand is Marriott's 4 star brand, but due to operational difficulties the hotel doesn't make the cut. Hopefully the hotel will improve.The hotel has everything one would expect from a 4 star hotel, nice rooms, bath, lobby, etc. but there are too many glitches and the airconditioning through out the hotels never approaches western levels of comfort. For this reason alone, given the competitive Beijing hotel market, unless this location is critical (for me it is) stay elsewhere. More specifically, the rooms never get below 72 to 74 degrees farenheit and are stuffy in parts. Storage space for clothing is nill and the only plug for a lap top requires unpluging the TV. The halls have no air conditioning - nothing like be greeted by 100 degree stagnate air. The level of english of the staff is workable, but below similar hotels. Sometimes I thought I was talking to a call center attendent who didn't know how to deviate from a set script. In one room there was minimal lighting of the bathroom mirror and the otherwise wonderful shower stall leaked. in the other room, the lighting was fine. The hotel's Italian restuarant is so so and overpriced. They hail thier wine list, but that is mediocre at best. The breakfast buffet in the morning was very good and better than other similar hotels in Beijing and China.In less compettive hotel markets I would recommend this hotel, but not here.	
Aug 24 2009 	Highly Recommended	I won't repeat all the travel tips below in terms of getting to the hotel (heed them all) but would rather speak about our experience at the hotel. Our room was a corner club level room which was modern, brand new and spotless. The furnishings are all contemporary and state of the art. We loved the plasma screen that swivelled between the bedroom area and lounge. The bed was luxurious and the bathroom decadent with glass walls a great novelty. I highly recommend the club access as it provided us with great breakfasts (western and Asian), business lounge access (internet), and drinks and 5-course canapés in the evening. The staff to guest ratio is very high and being waited on hand and foot took some getting used to but was fab. The gym is good and the pool amazing. While the food in Beijing was fantastic, the Italian restaurant downstairs in the hotel provides a welcome break (a memorable last lunch before flying out). Although Colin Whyte (previous hotel manager) has transferred to the older main Mariott he has set up a first class hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Place to Stay highly recommended	Stayed here for 3 nights on a recent trip to Beijing. The hotel is brand new with convenient access to Metro Line 10 and the 3rd Ring Road. The staff is probably the friendliest in China, very attentive to detail. Relied on the recommendations of the concierge personnel at the Club Lounge for several meals, and they were excellent - special thanks to Melissa for recommending the Matsuko Japanese Buffet. Excellent place to stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	great hotel. loved it	The Renaissance Capital hotel in the Chaoyang District in Beijing is a new hotel in the city, built I assume for the Olympics. It is so new that few drivers and locals know where it is! Even people who live locally. That is partly due to the fact that it is not on the road and is set off behind some other buildings. So if you are going and plan to get a cab, make sure you have some directions! One of my collegues found a taxi driver passed round the entrance 3 times trying to locate the hotel.The hotel is located in the Central Business District and is not an ideal location for tourists as not that handy for the sites, and is seems that it is very quiet. While I was there the hotel was very quiet, and I did feel there was more staff than there were guests. There is not a lot within walking distance, though there is a large Mall with a huge selection of shops.Although of course traffic is terrible in Bejing and times may vary, it took about 45 minutes to and from the airport.The hotel reception is on the 4th floor. The overall look and design of the hotel is modern, bright and all areas have a &quot;wow&quot; factor. This is a very well designed hotel and all public rooms are funky and look great.The bedrooms are fantastic. They are large and thanks to the glass walled bathroom are very bright and impressive looking. The bathroom is a real plus factor. The bed is huge and very comfortable. There is a massive flat screen TV a good sized working desk and there are all sorts of modern technology features like the ability to connect your PC to the TV.The fitness room is on the 27th floor. It has great views and is huge and very well equipped. It is a great gym. This is a great hotel. very friendly, great service and very good looking.	
Jun 26 2009 	Fantastic	Stayed here in June 2009 for a business trip. Other reviewers have commented on it being difficult to find, but I was picked up at the airport by a bilingual driver, so did not have a problem - make sure you write the address in Chinese as well as the phone number. Subway is 5 minute walk; mall with all kinds of Western amenities is across the street. Rooms are fab - the all-glass bathrooms are a little strange. Staff is extremely helpful - although my colleague who speaks Chinese says she always speaks English with them to guarantee good service - she said she doesn't get good service in Chinese. I would definitely stay here again - even if my employer weren't paying for it!	
Jun 23 2009	Beijing Oasis!	I stayed at the Renaissance for 4 days while my mom and I toured Beijing. It was an awesome hotel! The decor was tasteful, the staff was VERY helpful, the beds were VERY comfortable, no street noise, a great bathroom with tub, a beautiful pool, and the hotel even smelled good! (I think they put something in the ventilation system.) We beyond the hotel we liked the location. It was a block from the subway. However, taxi drivers had a little trouble with finding the hotel. I would recommend printing off a map with the location and having the hotel phone number available so they can call if need be. I could go on and on about how great the hotel and the staff are. Any minor problems we had were fixed immediately. Example-we went to happy hour where the drinks were buy one, get one. We were originally charged for two drinks, I asked about it, and it was fixed immediately! In conclusion, we loved it!	
Jun 20 2009 	A Great Contender in Beijing	The Renaissance Capital is one of the many recently opened hotels in Beijing. The competition in Beijing is fierce when it comes to 5 star hotels. Even though not all of the hotel’s facilities were opened when we were there, it is sure on the way to becoming a great contender.The staff at the hotel were very friendly, a lot more than what you come across in Beijing. The English level was very good and there was always someone ready to help us. Our room was amazing with a big bathroom, spacious work desk and very comfortable bed - bear in mind that we were lucky to be upgraded - but the normal rooms are also very nice. The Renaissance Capital also has one of the best gyms I have seen in a long time, spacious with very well maintained equipment. I would recommend that you bring your earphones if you want to watch the TV built into the treadmills, which were fun to use :o) The hotel also has a swimming pool that had only just opened while we were there.Located not far from the ‘China World’ or CBD, it is south of Chang An and along the 3rd Ring Road. Not within walking distance of the sights, not much is in Beijing, but it is located in a newly young chic shopping area. The hotel is opposite the Fuli Centre which is a shopping mall with brands like Roxy, Quicksilver, C&amp;A, Haagen Das, McDonalds and Starbucks.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would stay again should we come back to Beijing!	
Apr 10 2009 	Modern chic Beijing gem	Top Renaissance hotel in Beijing. Very modern decor part of shopping/office complex. Front entrance is on one-way side street so taxis may have difficult time locating and may have to go around the block to get to the entrance. Essential to have hotel directions/address in Chinese for taxi drivers. Subway station about a block away. Not really within walking distance to any &quot;sights&quot; but walking distance to shopping complex and fast food restaurants. Recommend the mediterranean restaurant in the hotel (good pastas, bread, soups). Front desk and concierge service was very good, but restaurant staff was slow and not very good in communicating in English. Room service punctual and food was good. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	One of THE Best in the Marriott chain!!!	This brand new Renaissance hotel in Beijing is one of the best in my personal opinion. I've stayed at various Marriott hotels around the world from Vancouver to Seoul, but this property is a jewel in a crowded city of millions. I was in Beijing for tourism purposes and was lost trying to even grab a taxi with my limited Chinese skills. I stayed on the Club Lounge level and the entire staff made me comfortable. The room was emmaculate with posh/modern decor with seethrough window restroom (you must experience to know), with rainfall shower and extremly modern furniture. I am fan of modern decor, and this hotel was definitely one the best. The club lounge is very modern with excellent food and drinks. Melissa and Nancy were terrific in their customer service. Thank you!!!The only downside was that the fitness center was yet to open and the entrance of the hotel is hidden from the main street so the cab driver is frequently confused. Even though the hotel has excellent bars/restaurants, its mostly empty due to low occupancy rate from being new.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Place to Stay in Beijing	Stayed at the Renaissance Beijing Capital Hotel for 4 nights from 10/18 thru 10/22. It is a new hotel located in the Chaoyang District. We found the area to be very safe and almost like any other commercial area in the US. A block from the hotel is a new subway line, McDonalds, Starbucks, Pizza Hut and I think a KFC. There is also a very nice shopping mall on that same block. We booked a Club level room using Marriott Rewards point. The taxi ride to the hotel costs around 80-90 RMB. At first the cab driver had a little difficult time finding it but I had the hotel fact sheet translated to Chinese and the phone number was there. He called the hotel and found the way. The hotel is offset from a main street and can be easily missed.The check-in went smoothly and we stayed on the 22nd floor with two double beds. A glass bathroom wall separates the bedroom area. We later found a switch for a privacy screen that comes out of the ceiling. The bathroom was spacious and has a nice shower and tub. The room is also very nice and has a flat screen TV and tea maker and desk. Bathrobes and slippers and a safe were in the closet area. 24 hour internet costs 125 RMB. The room was very warm when we entered. We asked for help in turning on the air conditioner but were advised that the system was down and the staff apologized many times for that. They immediately brought up two floor fans and opened the window, which helped.With the Club level room, we had access to the Club lounge for complimentary buffet breakfast, evening cocktail and hot appetizers and desserts. The buffet breakfast included a nice assortment of cold cuts, cheeses, baked goods, cooked to order eggs, Chinese food, etc. Evening cocktails include beer, wine and some liquor. The hot appetizers and desserts in the evening made for a light dinner. There was some confusion by the staff on whether Marriott rewards points entitled us to the complimentary food. That was later straightened out. Would definitely stay here again on my next visit to Beijing. We found the hotel staff to be extremely helpful and welcoming. They helped made the stay very enjoyable.	
Nov 21 2009 	Super Hotel in Beijing		
Oct 5 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 12 2009 	Sensacional		
Aug 23 2009 	Un bon rapport qualité prix pour un hôtel récent		
Aug 21 2009 	Increible		
