Nov 21 2009 	A huge disappointment... Very noisy incompetent staff.	Beware: in this hotel, you cannot sleep after 7:30 am, and this lasts till the late afternoon). They are renovating the upper floors (and should probably renovate the lower floors as well), so that you the noise of machines will inevitably wake you up (unfortunately no later than 7:30 am). Moreover, the walls of the rooms are very thin, and the isolation of the windows not so good, so that you cannot hope for going to bed too early (especially if you have loudy Chinese staying next to you). The rooms look good at first sight, but if you stay more than 1 night, you'll start noticing bad things (as some hair in bathroom that do not belong to you, nail on the floor that should not be there...). And the management of the hotel is very poor: As i complained about the noise (and the fact that you cannot stay in the room for the whole day owing to the noise of construction machines), the manager only offered us two bananas and one apple. After insisting a lot, he finally agreed to give us one complementary breakfest... but only for one of us! The other wuold have to pay... I found it very unprofessional as we are a youg married couple staying in the hotel 3 nights, and both of us were annoyed by the noise during the night and in the early morning. So, if you stay 1 night and have to catch up your plane early in the morning, the hotel is fine. But it is false and deceiving to believe that The Emperor Hotel is a luxuary (or even nice) hotel that you'll enjoy staying at....	
Nov 13 2009 	A different opinion	I booked this hotel because of the rave reviews and also because it is under the SLH (Small Luxury Hotel) brand. It is classified as a 'designer', 'boutique' hotel but I found that contrary to popular opinions, the required elements are lacking. While it is difficult to argue about taste, I would just present the negative facts here:- The hotel is located in a rundown alley with not even one decent house. There is a hospital next door. Walking to/from hotel at night time is not recommended.- The hotel is about 20 min walk from Wangfujeng, and about 20 min walk from subway.- The room decoration can be classified as Ikea quality, though there are some design elements.- The mattress is of poor quality.- Washroom is small (the one I stayed in) with no bathtub.- Room size is less than 200sqft, not the claimed 300.I paid about $100/night for the room but there are better choices during the same period.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location great staff great bar	The Emperor was a fun, modern hotel with an amazing location - during a four day stay I could walk to most of the places I wanted to visit and was a short trip to the subway for anything else. The hotel is metres from the wall of the Forbidden City along a small, quiet road.The room was clean and large and full of nice touches - rainforest shower, free minibar, free wireless and a free chinese stamp. Breakfast had a good selection of western and Chinese food.The roof bar is fantastic with great views over Beijing - only problem was that it was very quiet whilst I was visiting (although October is maybe not ideal roof bar weather).Service was good - and best of all they let me check into my room when I arrived at six in the morning. They even offered me an extra breakfast for that morning.Only downside was that taxi drivers didn't know where the hotel was even with a card in chinese with a map on it. I had a few taxi drivers refuse to take me, but it never took long to find one that would.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great location and Great Service	Our original hotel - cancelled on us 12 hours before we arrived in Beijing due to an electrical problem. They gave us two options - we chose The Emperor Hotel. What a great choice. They picked us up at the airport, organized a car to drive us to the Great Wall, where they made reservations at a fabulous place for us to eat lunch (The School House), provided bikes the next day to ride around Beijing, recommeded another great restuarant in Beijing. We asked them to confirm our plane reservations only to learn that the flight had been cancelled. The staff quickly got us on another flight out of Beijing. This was very helpful considering that we did not speak the lauguage. The hotel was clean and the location was fabulous - you could walk everywhere. Can't say enough about how great the staff was!	
Oct 4 2009 	loved it!	It really was a fun room. You could watch tv or listen to the TV while in the shower! not that this is an important part of hotel rooms, but its an example of the coolness of the room. Hotel staff were nice and helpful. lots of freebies in the room. The location was maybe a 15- 20 minute walk from the metro, but you can get around really cheap with cabs. Rooftop restaurant has a view of the forbidden city and surrounding buildings--but don't expect too much as forbidden city is not lit at night, and the pollution is dense. About 25 minute walk to the entrance of Forbidden city. It has a more neighborhood feel than a tourist district--quite streets.	
Sep 4 2009 	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at	This hotel doesnt look much from the outside, but the inside is fantastic.If you love staying at little quirky boutique style hotels, then I am sure you will not be disappointed.The rooms are really modern and the one of the most interestingly designed of any hotel I have stayed in. The are not overly large, but you have everything you need. There is a desk, a sitting area, and the bathroom was really gorgeous.The in room minibar is complementary so you dont have to justify an overpriced minibar glass of wine before you go out at night because its free! Little things like this really make the difference, as well as the little plate of goodies they bring at turndown.The upstairs roofbar is a great place to be for sunset you can see right over the forbidden city. You are also within walking distance of both Hot Pot and Beijing duck eating places, that the hotel staff recommended to us.Taxis are plentiful on the main road that runs along the side of the hotel, you can hail one fairly easily yourself or the staff are pretty happy to do this for you, we found the staff to be very good here, and they always seemed to be cheerful!The breakfast was tasty. We stayed here for 4 nights and for 3 mornings when the hotel was quieter we got an a la carte breakfast, this was much better than the buffet we got on the last morning (Saturday), but it was still good.Also, check out the DragonFly spa a few roads down, their treatments, (especially the foot massage after a day in the Forbidden City) were excellent value and it is a really nice place.Very much recommend, the hotel and Beijing are both wonderful.	
Aug 31 2009 	funkymodern and homey feeling.	This hotel is great and just unbelievable. When you check in the hotel, you have everything your need in terms of amenities and service. the hotel design is modern, elegant and nice in all aspect. Staff are very friendly and well English speaker. I just stayed there two weeks agoI am a vegetarian and i really did not like the breakfast as the receptionist informed me that the breakfast is American but it was not but for meat eater, it would be nice.I will defiantly stay in the Hotel as it is comfortable, nice, close to attraction. highly recommended.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Design Service so so	Arrived at this hotel with great expectations and the design certainly did not disappoint but I was none too impressed when they did not have a record of my reservation. I had booked through the &quot;Design Hotels&quot; web site, a world wide group this hotel belongs to. Thankfully rooms were available. My other grip was the room was not made up until at 3.30pm I had to ring and ask for it to be serviced. Two small grips but they should not have happened. I was also advised by &quot;Design Hotels&quot; that The Emperor would be in touch with me via email about these issues - I am still waiting!But be that as it may it is a fun hotel in a great location. All rooms are named after Chinese Emperors and decorated in modern style with faces of the Emperors in bright pastel colors. There is a free mini bar in the room which is a great touch and the all inclusive breakfast is excellent. It would be nice to have a few more English channel choices on the TV not that we want to spend out time watching TV in the room all day. But a movie channel would have been nice.The hotel is in a great location close to the Forbidden City and in walking distance to the &quot;back door &quot;of the Forbidden City and in walking distance to the hutong area around the lakes (about a 20 - 30 minute walk). The hotel is located in a narrow lane in an old part of Beijing (taxi drivers sometimes have difficulty finding it so take a map and the address in Chinese) and the views of the Forbidden City 's roof tops from the terrace of the hotel is superb.I would stay here again and hope next time that they have my reservation and that the overall service standards improve.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed four days at the Emperor and truly enjoyed our stay. The hotel has a beautiful design and nice spacious rooms. In particular the service at the Emperor was impeccable. The staff went out of their way to service us. Only a minute would pass after we entered the hotel before we were offered hot tea, and cookies would be placed in our room when we came back from a long day of sightseeing. The hotel is located next to the Forbidden City and many of Beijing’s historic attractions is thus within walking distance. We strongly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	Modern 	Booked with Expedia, stayed 4 nights last week in May at The Emperor. It is relatively new with a modern minimalistic and funky look. The hotel is walking distance to tourist sights, shopping malls, restaurants, super markets and night markets. Situated in a quiet area amongst the local hutongs. The double bed is very firm as with all beds in China, but great soft pillows. The large showerhead with strong pressure was great. There is also a handheld shower but no bath. Showering with sound &amp; view to the whole room &amp; suspended TV was awesome. Comp bathrobes, slippers, minibar, kettle for tea &amp; coffee and plates of cookies to finish the day. TV has english programs not just news and free wifi internet. Rate included western breakfast of fresh fruits, pastries, choice of omelette, fried or scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, toast. Rooftop bar and gym on the 4th floor has views of Tiananmen Square and Forbidden Palace - we were fortunate to see the night lights due to the Dragon Boat Festival. Most of the young staff spoke english, friendly, helpful and efficient. The only hitch was finding taxis that can get us back to hotel. Be sure to get the hotel address in chinese and in large print. Hotel card is hard to read particularly at night. We would definitely go back there.	
Mar 1 2009 	Quick Sight seeing trip to Beijing	Things in China are not always as they “appear” and there was a bit or risk going with a hotel chain I am not familiar with. The Emperor Hotel was definitely forth it. I booked through Expedia and at the last minute decided to go with the Emperor Hotel based on location and that most of the reviews were very good. It is exactly as you see in the pictures very hip and cool. The location is IDEAL fir a short stay in Beijing. It is literally one row of houses from the Forbidden City. The staff was great! They were able to give me a cash advance on my CC when my ATM card stopped working. (This was very stressful as I was trying to pay for a guided tour that I had been on all day and came up short when it was time to pay.)There is no shuttle service from the Airport but I printed out the address in Chinese from somewhere on the internet and the taxi got me there for 100RMB. Andrew OttSeattle WA. / Hong Kong SAR	
Jan 13 2009	A Fantastic Experience	My wife and son and I went their for three days just before New Years '09 (Judea-Christian). Yes, a unique experience. The staff could not do enough. It is right next door to the Forbidden City and walking distance to the Night Market. My son became ill from something (airplane food), but was okay. The hotel folks were great. The dinner voucher was cool-very upscale cuisine included. The breakfast was perfectly Western. For a break-go to Grandma's Kitchen down the street for hamburger or chicken and French fries.Oh, and the decor of the hotel and the room was very cool. Thanks Emperor.	
Nov 16 2008 	Emperor = Unique hotel great location! (travel agent review)	I spent 4 nights at the boutique Emperor Hotel in Beijing and I must say it was one of the most unique hotels I have ever stayed in.Its a member of the Design Hotels of Germany with modern and funky architecture but still paying homage to Chinese history.Instead of room numbers, you stay in a room named after an Emperor. My room was on the third floor (the halls smell pretty) and it was called Wu Ze Tian, named after the only female Emperor so I was pretty pleased with that . :)The room is spacious enough for one, even two, but not meant for roommates you may not know well. The bathroom is open concept so you can see the rest of your room as you shower.Since the gadgets are funky and in a modern design, it will take you a few minutes to get your bearings as to how things work and where to find it.One of my favorite things was their turn-down service. When you walk in, music is playing, the lights are dimmed, and there is a plate of cookies waiting for you.The mini-bar selection is good, but the fridge is warm so be warned. Their breakfast buffet was absolutely delicious with many Western choices, and I loved the omelet station!We had one dinner there which was a 10 course feast with amazing food presentations - very unique. Some of the food was hit or miss but that was most of my food experiences in China.The mattress is a bit hard but that worked well for my back apparently!The service at the hotel is impeccable. There is always one or two people in their laid-back lobby waiting to help you in any way when you return.The location is fantastic. It is close to the Forbidden City, but tucked away in a alley street amongst the locals (which I liked) and many cabs won't know where it is all the time as it is still brand new so always have the address handy.Overall, I was completely impressed with this hotel and it needs to be seen to really understand it. I would recommend it to anyone! Thanks!	
May 19 2008 	Great location great hotel	I booked my stay at the hotel via the designhotels.com site, as I was looking for something more personable and on a smaller scale. Situated in a quiet (!) location next to the Forbidden City, it proved to be a great starting point to visit town or the nearby major sites - on foot.As to the hotel itself: The (English-speaking) staff has been extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel roof bar offers excellent views and the hotel's design elements are consistent, even if not all design is always the most practical. Also food in the hotel restaurant was surpisingly good, considering the size of the hotel. Since The Emperor only opened recently, I found myself to be one of the few visitors, but perhaps for this reason I was lucky enough to enjoy one of the hotel's opening offers. In any case, at the risk of sounding biased, I would readily recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Beijing. Myself, I am planning to return in November.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great design	I had a great surprise. A new, brand new Design Hotels(TM) member in CHina!! Great view from the rooftop tough!	
May 16 2009 	Déception... Pas fait pour durer...		
Oct 27 2008	diseño fantastico		
