Aug 13 2009	Great hotel	Stayed here as part of a Jules Verne tour of China. Of all the hotels we stayed in this was our favourite. Very elegant hotel with huge rooms. Beds large and very comfortable. There was free internet access in the rooms. The restaurant buffet was excellent and catered for all tastes . It was very good value with dinner for around £8 , breakfast also great with lots of Asian dishes along with the usual bacon eggs etc.	
Dec 23 2008 	Very nice stay	The hotel stay was very good, breakfast was plentiful and had anything you could desire.Pros: * Hotel facilities * Room size * Breakfast * LocationShortcomings: * Internet access in the room doesn't come cheap and is wired (not wireless)	
Aug 19 2008 	Empark - Very Comfortable Amenities	I stayed at the Empark for the entire month of August while I was working at the Olympics. Upon arriving and through the entire stay, the staff was very attentive to my needs. The only issues I have is that the beds are extremely hard, free wireless is only available in the lobby - wired service is available in your room for a reasonable fee (hourly or by day) and laundry (which is done next door) is extremely expensive. Being in China I expected laundry service to be a lot cheaper than western hotels. In the basement of the hotel (floor B2) is a vegas-like mall. Restaurants, small boutiques, spas &amp; a gym/pool that is free for VIP guests of the hotel. I swam a few times at the pool and worked out at the gym. Although the hotel claims the gym is open 24hrs, it isn't staffed round the clock and it often appears closed. The Golden Resources Cafeteria in the hotel is a decent restaurant that offers a buffet for breakfast and dinner. My stay included breakfast and I was never disappointed. They offer a good selection of cereals, juices and fruits, as well as an assortment of hot entrees, breads &amp; sweet rolls. The coffee is good too! Taxis are fairly easy to come by at the hotel but keep in mind the hotel is located in the northwest part of the city and many of the historical attractions and shopping (Pearl &amp; Silk Market) are on the southeast part of town - expect a long cab ride. Fortunately taxi fares are inexpensive here.If you're coming to town for sightseeing, I think you would find this hotel too far out of the way (Summer Palace is the closest attraction).	
Aug 26 2007 	Great hotel...problematic communication	I stayed in Empark Grand Hotel for 4 nights (13-18/08), as I was participating in a conference held in the hotel.It was my first time staying in a 5 star hotel, so I was enthusiastic about the room and the hotel as a whole.It was very clean, quite impressive and well decorated. The food in the hotel's restaurant (lunch and breakfast) can be characterized as full. It had vegetarian menus, and seafood amongst others.The only problem I had was the communication part of my staying. The problem was that I was Greek, the reception manager was Chinese and we tryied to communicate in English, so we had to give much more effort than usual.In my lasta night there, I found out that there was a whole city underneath the hotel, but I didn't have time and courage to visit it.As a general, my staying there can be characterized as very pleasant. VagelisAthens, Greece	
Jul 18 2005	Perfectly Good Hotel	Stayed here for five nights in the spring. A very comfortable hotel with all the amenities I needed. Helpful staff who speak good English. For about $100 per night US (including breakfast, which was satisfactory but not great), it's a very good deal. I guess there's a whole underground 'city' somewhere on the grounds, but I never got around to it. The rooms are quiet, comfortable, well-appointed, and if you're used to a 3-to-4 star place in the states, it will suit you fine. The beds are HARD AS A ROCK, but I found that to be the case everywhere else I went in China, too. Seems that's just how they do beds over there.The location could be a problem for some. It is in the Northwest of the city, not in a walkable part of town. A taxi to the city center (Tiananmen Square area) takes about 20-30 minutes in (always) bad traffic. But then again, cabs in Beijing are very cheap...It's about a $7 fare. Cabs are readily available at the front of the hotel 24/7. Or just take a taxi to a nearby subway (for half that price) and take the train (for something like 25 cents).	
