	Romancing the warm pool	I really enjoyed the pool and witnessed an amazing spa with steam and sauna. Loved the variety of restaurants and people were quite friendly. The atmosphere was amazing.	
Nov 4 2009 	Very nice especially Club Lounge	We stayed here for over a week as family member is living a subway stop away. Club Lounge was convenient and concierge Michelle was terrific. Hotel is 45 minutes or so from city center but subway nearby-take left going out of hotel. At big mall near Carrefours (go left out of hotel, take right on first big street Zhongguancun &amp; go on left side of street) there are modern restaurants which are very good: Bellagio, Middle 8. Also a 7/11. If you go left on Zhongguancun from hotel, there is Three Guizhou Men for dumplings. All three are modern and well known. Better yet try Ghost Street and Huajia Yiyuan as suggested by Michelle.	
Aug 19 2009 	Amazing hotel	As funny as it might sound, one of my favorite things about this hotel was coming in the front doors and feeling the coolness and smelling the fresh, softly scented air in the hotel's lobby. It just felt so good to be staying there. The room was huge, including a huge bathroom. One of the best parts is that the room was SILENT. We were exhausted on this trip and were so grateful for quality sleep. The hotel's breakfast buffet was abundant and delicious, and was a great way to start our day. The whole hotel is very well appointed with quality, stylish materials. The staff was truly nice and helpful. I have to agree with other comments about taxis not knowing where this place is, though. Even with my Chinese friends speaking to the drivers, there always seemed to be a discussion about where the hotel is. That being said, we always go where we were going. HIGHLY recommended if you don't mind taking a cab to your destination.	
Aug 17 2009 	Lovely hotel 	we stayed in this hotel in July 2009. it was lovely. we had a lovely suite. it was actually one of the best suite's we have stayed in. Room was very spacious.the only thing it did not have was a spa. but We were told that there is one opening in September 2009.	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel--highly recommended	Hi, my family of three stayed in the hotel, 11-17 June 09. This review covers price, location, facilities and staff of the hotel, plus some travel tips on Beijing. (Please note that US$1 is about 6.8 yuan.)1. HOTEL LOCATION: If you are in a tour group, location is irrelevant, since the tour bus takes you to the designated places. But if you are on your own, or decide to leave the tour group for some freedom, here you go.... This hotel is NEAR Summer Palace (25 yuan by taxi), Peking University, Tsinghua University (15 yuan by taxi) and the Olympic &quot;Bird Nest&quot;, a 20-minute subway ride away; Forbidden Palace and Tiananmen are 40 minutes away by the subway, costing 2 yuan per trip.If you are heading to the Great Wall, and you have 3 people, book a cab through the concierge. It costs at most 650 yuan or less than US$30 per person. Much has been said about the hotel's location. In reality, the existing subway, plus a new line to be completed by end 2009, makes most famous tourist destinations readily accessible from this hotel. The subway is modern, clean and has arrival/departure announcements also in English. However, do plan your subway trip to make sure everything goes smoothly. The nearest station, &quot;Zhongguancun Huangzhuang&quot; station, is a 5-minute walk from the hotel--it's on the left, when you head out of the hotel main door. Remember the subway EXIT/ENTRANCE nearest the hotel is C1. Please write this down; don't say I didn't tell you...Besides the subway, there are taxis aplenty, and they are cheap.TIP: If you have only 1 day in Beijing, visit the Great Wall in the morning, because it gives you an idea of how tough the Chinese are, and how smart they are. In the afternoon, visit Peking University or Tsinghua which are a 10-minute cab ride from the hotel. Some of the top intellectual and political Chinese leaders are alumni of these two universities. Visit Tiananmen and the Forbidden City at night using the subway (2 yuan) to get there, or catch a cab (about 50 yuan, at most.) You can't get into the Forbidden City at night, but the night view from outside is still great. A 10-minute walk away from Tiananmen is Wangfujing, Beijing's main shopping area--quite fascinating.2. PRICE. This hotel is probably one-third cheaper than a comparable downtown hotel. I would say, save your money, and use the savings to live it up! The best way to book room is via the Crowne Plaza website http://www.ichotelsgroup.com/h/d/cp/1/en/hotel/pegzg. Look for Advance Purchase package to secure good deals. 3. FACILITIES: The hotel provides all the amenities you expect from a good hotel. The gym and heated indoor swimming pool are both very satisfactory. Valley Cafe provides a good international and Chinese spread for breakfast. If you are fortunate enough to stay in the Club floor rooms or suites, you will enjoy the benefits of the Club Lounge, which is the perfect place to relax after a morning and afternoon tour. Drinks and other refreshments are on the house. There's free internet access for club rooms and suites, but remember to bring your own notebook. I highly recommend you pay a little extra for a Club Floor room or a suite for their added comfort and amenities. When you take a rain shower in these commodious rooms, you will know that you have a better deal than the emperors in the Forbidden City. (I am not sure if rain shower is provided in all rooms.)If you come from British Commonwealth countries, Hong Kong, Malaysia or Singapore, note that the electricity cycles (220-240) are the same, so you don't need an adapter. Folks from the US, you need an adapter, which you can probably borrow from the hotel. My family didn't have any problems using the internet.4. STAFF: The staff in this hotel are fabulous. They are friendly and helpful. During my stay, I relied heavily on the Concierge to assist me in my sightseeing plans and to fix any problems I encountered. The concierge staff, especially a young man named Manson Wang, went out of his way to assist me. He helped me fix a trip to the Great Wall--undoubtedly my best Beijing tour experience--and also gave me advice on restaurants and places of interest. The Club Lounge staff were consistently friendly, gracious, and professional. In particular, I give very high ratings to Sharon Wang, the Club Lounge manager, and also to her staff &quot;Summer&quot; and &quot;Youkee&quot;. My hotel reservation was made with the assistance of Ms Angel Ma, who made two international calls to me on the same day I made the booking inquiry. Both the Director of Marketing and Sales, Ms Georgette Ng, and the General Manager, Mr George Chiu, saw to it that my stay was comfortable, and that I received good service. Georgette welcomed my family personally on my arrival. I was also especially impressed by the fact that the GM spoke with me personally to make sure everything was OK. Many staff addressed me by my name. The unintrusive attentiveness to service was very good. All these, despite the fact that I am an ordinary customer.I spoke English to all the staff, and, yes, occasionally I could tell that they have problems understanding me, but their helpful attitude and their genuine desire to serve the guests made me very forgiving. A little patience on our part as guests, can help.Travel GuideA. TAXI. There are 75,000 cabs in Beijing, and all legal cabs have the word &quot;Taxi&quot; on top. Taxi drivers do NOT speak English; therefore, make sure the concierge staff writes down the place you are visiting and also give you a card to identify the hotel. Try to avoid touts who do not use the meter. Don't try to tell the taxi driver the name of the hotel; they will not know what you're saying. Ask the taxi driver to phone the hotel if they don't understand where you are going. Airport-to-hotel taxi fare is around 100 yuan; to repeat myself, ask the taxi driver to phone the hotel to get directions, before departing the airport. (Use body language, not English, to communicate this! If you know Chinese, need I say more....)B. TIPPING. In restaurants, this is not required; if the service is very good, you may, if you feel generous, give a 5% tip. I had a 210 yuan meal at one restaurant, gave a 10 yuan tip, and the waitress beamed with gratitude. At the hotel, no tips are required. However, I highly recommend you give a nice tip to staff who have showered you with personal attention. If you come from a country where tipping is common, then go ahead-- the local staff will not complain:)C. SAFETY: Beijing is safe. Period. D. CONVENIENCE STORES: There are two 7-Eleven just a 3-minute walk from the hotel. Ask the concierge. There is also a French supermarket store, Carrefour, a 10-minute walk away. This supermarket is modern, and very well stocked; it closes at 10PM. If you need a last minute souvenir or to buy Chinese tea, go there, or to the nearby Gate Mall. You don't have to break your wallet.E. PEKING and TSINGHUA Universities. If you are visiting these universities, ask the taxi driver to bring you to the WEST gate. That's the pretty part of the universities. The students are the amongst the best in China, or should we say, in the world; looking at them going about their daily student life was fascinating . I congratulated myself for visiting these universities.F: SHOPPING: It really doesn't make sense to spend your valuable time shopping when you should be visiting all the great sights in Beijing.G: Subway--it's safe, fast and lets you see the real people of Beijing. And the best part is that it costs less than US$0.3 per trip, regardless of the distance. This must be the most highly subsidized subway in the world, and, Dear Traveler, you are getting the subsidy too. The way to go....H. ONLY TIME FOR ONE SIGHT. If you have time for only ONE tourist sight, I would say go to the Great Wall. It shows the creativity, ability, and tenacity of the Chinese. Forbidden City and Tiananmen are number two. Don't forget, the Great Wall was built, mainly by hand, more than 2000 years ago; the Forbidden City, built in the 1400s, is a new kid on the block.I. FOOD. Ask the concierge to point you to the nearby shopping mall, &quot;Gate Mall&quot;, where there are many reasonably priced restaurants--including, oh no, KFC, Pizza Hut and McDonald's. OK, there's Starbucks. Hey, this is China....I did visit three magazine-recommended restaurants: Ganges(Indian), which is good and reasonably priced; Hatsune, a Japanese restaurant, which is expensive, and moderately good; and &quot;No name&quot; Chinese restaurant, which is in an interesting setting, expensive, and moderately good.J. MONEY. You rarely hear &quot;Yuan&quot; being said. You hear mostly &quot;Kuai&quot;, which means &quot;Yuan&quot;!K. Pronunciation. Foreigners will have difficulty with the &quot;X&quot; and the &quot;Q&quot; in the transliteration of Chinese names. Well, pronounce &quot;X&quot; like &quot;S&quot;, and &quot;Q&quot; like &quot;Ch&quot;. So &quot;Xin&quot; becomes &quot;Sin&quot; and &quot;Qing&quot; becomes &quot;Ching&quot;. Not perfect, but close enough for you to be understood. L. CROWNE PLAZA ZHONGGUANCUN---Yes.Have a pleasant stay in Beijing!	
Jun 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and Staff!	My wife and I stayed in this hotel from May 29th to June 1st, 2009. We were very impressed with everything in the hotel. It's brand-new and the staff were fantastic, extremely friendly and really went out of their way to make us feel welcome and to see we were well cared for. We were able to get a great &quot;special&quot; rate on the hotel website. We only paid RMB 603/night and we had a great room. It was very large, the bathroom was huge, and the bed was fabulous.The hotel is located close to Qinghua University and the Qinghua Science Park, where we were doing some training over the weekend, so it is in a very convenient location if you need to be near the Science Park. The food in the main floor restaurant, where we ate one dinner and three buffet breakfasts, was okay, although we would not say it was fantastic. However, the service in the restaurant was super, especially a young female server named Ethel was super friendly. She remembered our names and called us by them each morning when she saw us in the restaurant. Actually, as I have already mentioned, all of the staff were just super. We can't say enough about this hotel, we would absolutely stay there again when in Beijing for business.	
Dec 31 2008 	fabulous hotel	hotel seemed quite new, taxi driver dont know the location,but all in all its a fantastic stay,all staff really nice,our room was large and comfortable and very clean,the food is really good ,I had business lunch and dimsum in chinese restaurant called rouge,its quite something different , very good value for money.	
Dec 31 2008 	very good valeu for money	I had a good and warm welcome upon my arrival , room comfortable enough space .  I had also a good relaxing time at the pool surprisinlgy warm water .Mixs italian tepan grill restaurant is a new concept as i was explained , the food prepared was really good &quot; all cooked in front of you&quot; with tremendous care for small details , the chocoalte cake and ice cream called gelato with mocha cafe was a fantastic end ( compliment by the chef )Breakfast in valley cafe was good , definetly is an hotel that i would reccomend to others .Hope soon to be back .	
Nov 6 2008 	Enjoyed the stay	I spent a week in the Crowne Plaza Zhongguancun. I found the rooms to be very comfortable, quiet, and overall a very positive experience. None of the taxis I took knew where it was, and I believe this is the first review of this property on TripAdvisor - I learned when I arrived that it had only been open for 1 month! They were still working on a few of the floors, and neither the pool or spa were open. The food was quite good - I only experienced the (abundant) breakfast buffet and roomservice, but I understand there are several restaurants. Service in general was a bit spotty, not just in the restaurant, but all around, as the staff seemed quite new, and English was a little weak for a number of the employees. That said, they sure tried hard!The neighborhood immediately around the hotel doesn't seem to have much to offer, so I was glad I had the comfort and fast internet connection in the hotel as a distraction!I would recommend staying here for anyone with business in this part of Beijing. However, if you business needs are across town, be forewarned that traffic can be atrocious!	
