Nov 26 2009 	Great Location Great Management a Little Warm Decent Food 	This hotel was picked at the last moment by a person I met on the flight from Shenzhen to Beijing. Mr. Rong could not have selected a more well rounded establishment. The Manager of the Paragon is a Canadian and his english came in more than handy. Not to mention his attention detail. When I return to Beijing, I will be staying at this HoJo. If you travel to Beijing in the summer, be prepared to be warm. Ok, down right HOT. The city government dictates the indoor temperature of all commercial establishments for energy savings. Also, be prepared to navigate on your travels without hearing the english language. Few, and I mean very few people speak english. Most taxi drivers know any english except for the occassional curse word. (funny hearing a cabby in China say FU) The hotel will give you some business cards with tourist locations written in English and Chinese so you can hand the card to the cab driver and point to the place you want to go. The card also has the hotel info on it so you can make it back. Feel free to email me any questions about: places to shop and how to bargain in Beijing.netzipper@hotmail.com	
Oct 26 2009 	Good choice at a good price.	Stayed at the Paragon for four nights in October with family (total six) in two rooms. After the most bureaucratic check-in procedure I have ever experienced we made our own way to our rooms (no bell boy service). One of the rooms had no electricity and after some 30 minutes of waiting, an engineer found the fuse box and then we were back in business. Rooms were well appointed and of a good size. Large LCD TV with limited English language channels : BBC, MTV, Bloomberg and Star Movies. Had a 'goldilocks' problem with temperature in the rooms, with one too hot and no air-con and the other too cold. Location of hotel very convenient with two underground stations in walking distance and the Beijing Railway Station directly opposite. Direct access to the Henderson shopping mall with a range of places to eat. Breakfast perfectly adequate, but only an upmarket Chinese restaurant available for dinner.Eventhough my wife is a fluent Mandarin speaker, we found the staff to be curt and disinterested, offering little in the way of tourist advice and seeming to have little knowledge of the area when asked for suggestions for places to eat.On the whole, a good choice at a good price.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent!	Very nice hotel, interesting way to turn on lights, great TV, Internet connections. Wonderful breakfast. Staff wonderful as well.	
Sep 29 2009 	great location but disappointing service	The hotel is connected to a shopping mall and a subway exit. It is also opposite to the Beijing train station so it is very easy to locate. However I must say the service is below average. The concierge counter is always un-manned in the evening. The staff at the main counter is not always of help coz they are quite busy. One evening I was asking help from them to check an address in the area the guy pointed us to an empty concierge counter. I suggested he could check this from internet and he said his computer is not connected to Internet (!!!).	
Sep 19 2009	Disappointing	I went to Beijing this summer for touring purposes and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Service was below average. When we returned to the hotel on the second night, tissue wasn't refilled and there wasn't enough. It's obvious that there's 3 people living in one room (2 twin beds and 1 extra bed), isn't it common sense that 1/4 roll of tissue wouldnt be enough?!Anyways, the next day we've used up all the shampoo and body wash, yet they never refilled. We had to call room service late at night to get those items. And to conclude, the night before we left one of the beds weren't even made. Breakfast was alright, many choices of foods. But seriously, this hotel has lots to improve.	
May 29 2009 	Lovely hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights during peak season and the hotel more than met expectations. Our room was HUGE! For a family with 2 young kids, we had 3 king size singles and lots of room for running around in. The breakfast room and choice was amazing. We also enjoyed having a drink at the lobby lounge, and even played the local shuttlecock game outside near the tennis courts once. The location is right near the main train station as well as several supermarkets and banks. The only disappointment was that the staff did not speak English very well and we struggled many times to be understood and were lucky when we had help from our guide. Book guides as you will find 90% in Beijing do not speak English and it is very hard to get a taxi unless you have it written in chinese, and even then we lucked out.	
May 29 2009 	nice and spacious	we initially found it so difficult to find because this hotel is known more by paragon than howard johnson....but once there we were given a corner room overlooking the beijing station. one of the best rooms there...spacious, clean and comfy...the staff were helpful and courteous despite the language barrier...the breakfast area is in this atrium which gives you the feeling of being outdoors...refreshing...we ordered room service...italian pizza (veg which was a godsent). suffice to say it was one of the best pizzas we have ever eaten...wonderfully located being directly opposite the station...a definite yes to the whole experience.	
Apr 10 2009 	nice place to stay	We spent 5 days in Beijing and the hotel was great. The room was nice, clean, excellent bed... Great location, close to MTR and main railway station. Easy access to the airport...The staff was nice although their knowledge and understanding of English was rather poor. The only thing that was rather unusual was when we arrived at the check-in and presented the voucher, they gave us an estimate of our cost in advance which was extremely high and wanted me to pay in advance (almost twice as high). I have done a lot of traveling around the world but have never experienced anyting like that... Anyway I did not agree on that so I gave them the amount stated on my voucher as deposit...As I sad everything else was ok.	
Dec 15 2008 	Comfortable Clean and convenient.....	We spent 6 lovely days at Hojo's and thoroughly enjoyed teh experience. We did book the &quot;Club HoJo&quot; which for a few extra dollars seemed well worth it. Our deal included breakfast and a a room on the HoJo club floor with our own reception/concierge. The rooms were reasonabley sized and pretty well maintained. The decor is about 10yrs or so old and in it's later life but nonetheless, still very serviceable. The hotel itself is located adjacent to two large shopping centres and smack bang in between the Beijing CBD and the forbidden city. There's no pool (despite some websites saying there was) and the in house restaurants are somewhat limited. The room service however, is not bad. Overall, a good hotel for the sightseer, but not one for those that like to spend a lot of time in the hotel itself.	
Nov 26 2008 	good location great hotel!	To get there by taxi, you need to know the Chinese name of the hotel, which is &quot;Bai Sen&quot;. We loved the hotel room which is almost complete with everything you need (well, not the most luxurious, but all necessities are there). Plus it's winter, and the hotel room is warm at all times - that's most important, you don't want to freeze while you're sleeping!The breakfast which is included in the price we paid was good as well. There's a big buffet spread - not as big as the ones you get in Kuala Lumpur, where we're from - but big enough so that you can have different stuff for at least 3 - 5 days!Overall a wonderful experience!	
Sep 13 2008	just the ticket	we stayed at the paragon for 1 week during the olympics and it was great .very conveniently located opposite the main beijing railway station.you can exit the station from 4 different exits like in all of beijing just pick the one directing you to the side of the road where your destination is.this hotel was a lovely surprise booked off wotif china.com.extremely clean , very comfortable bedding ensuite great.no complaints at all.the full buffet breakfast was inclusive,with a good variety of foods,the staff very polite and attentive .highly recommended.as is beijing -train system a breeze ,safe to walk around.if i ever go again i will stay again at the same hotel.you will be happy to stay here too.have a drink in the bar for me.	
Aug 26 2008 	Olympic Trip	Howard Johnson Paragon was wonderful. We had afantastic stay at this hotel. We were treated royally andI would hope that everyone decides to stay at this hotel.The entire staff went out of the their way to accommodate usand do what ever they could to make our stay memorable.On my next trip to Beijing, this is where I am planning to stay.To the staff, concierges, doorman, guest relations managerand everyone, thank you for taking such good care of us.Barbara	
Jun 16 2008 	Noisy with rude staff and small rooms	This hotel really let us down. We had trouble finding the entrance and ended up going through the attached mall and eventually through a small gift shop to get to the lobby. They are undergoing renovations, so the lobby is a complete mess with a temporary check-in center setup on tables. The noise from the construction was loud enough to shake some parts of the building!. We had a triple room and were given a room on the 6th floor which barely had enough room to move around in (couldn't even access the wardrobe, which was the only place for storage, or safe since a bed was in front of it), The room's windows overlooked the interior dining room on the 5th floor and was very noisy. While the beds were very comfortable and the room was in decent condition, the air conditioner didn't work--it pretty much just blew out room temperature air, so the room was very stuffy. We complained and asked for a different room, but were told that we had to pay 200 CNY a night extra to get upgraded to a better room. Staff were very rude and indifferent. There are definitely places out there that offer more value for the money, I would recommend you stay elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2008 	Excellent Location good service	Stayed on the &quot;executive floor&quot; on the 10th floor for about $90. This isn't like the &quot;Howard Johnson's&quot; in the US as this place is much nicer. Clean and relatively big room (I had a baclony facing the atrium). The bathroom was a little strange as there was a huge window right to the bedroom (OK I guess because you can pull down the shades). Staying on the executive floor meant that there was a seperate lounge to eat the free breakfast, but there's a bigger buffet you can eat with everybody else downstairs. The location is excellent as it is right across Beijing Station, so you can get around town pretty easily. There's also a shopping mall right next door where you can get Chinese as well as western foods. There's also a supermarket right there to buy water / snacks. The staff was very friendly, but their English wasn't that great which sometimes meant trouble with my poor Chinese. As mentioned in the other reviews, you can book tours right at the lobby, and we did for the great wall and the Ming Tomb (nice price and good English speaking guide). Overall I would recomend this hotel for it's location, friendly staff, free breakfast buffet, clean rooms.	
May 25 2008 	Wonderful hotel - great price - great service	Arrived in Bejing with reservation for Days Inn Forbidden City. Hated it and went to Howard Johnson Paragon which is a short cab ride away. Friends who were staying there recommended hotel and we went to front desk where we were welcomed and offered a lovely,, clean and large room on the executive floor (10) with nice views for approximately $90 USD per night, including admission to executive lounge, free breakfast in lounge or regular restaurant (Atrium - which is beautiful and has large selection of breakfast items including to order eggs, pancakes and waffles, internet and gym. Hotel staff could not be more accomodating. With the truly inexpensive cost of a cab ride, getting to anywhere in Beijing is never more than a $5 - $10 USD ride. Even the taxi from the hotel to the Airport, an approximate 45 minute ride was only 110 CNY or approximately 16 USD. Concierge wisely recommended public bus (apx 1 3/4hr. bus ride) and then taxi from last stop on bus for our visit to Great Wall at Simatai. Total cost for trip to Wall (exclusive of admission and tram ride to top) cost the two of us a total of only $20 USD, rather than the huge fees charged by tour operators. The trip was pleasurable and much more fun mixing with locals.We would return to our room each night with a warm welcome from the hostesses on the Executive floor and an offer for some tea, beer or some snack to eat. But for some ongoing reconstruction in the lobby to rebuild the front desk and reception area (reception is currently in a temporary location near the front door) which offered no inconvenience, the hotel was wonderful and between the hotel and the hotel staff, our trip to Beijing was truly enjoyable. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, even my best friends.	
May 12 2008 	Worthy	I have just come back from a four night stay in the Paragon and I have to say that it is more than I was expecting.If you arrive by plane on new terminal 3 you can take the shuttle bus that goes to the Train Station which is opposite to the hotel. You can take the bus at Exit # 9 at the airport – arrivals level. But the stop at the Central Station is in a side road and about 700 meters from the hotel.I was traveling alone and got a good room facing the street on the 6th floor. If you take a inner room you have views to the courtyard and restaurant. I have read on previous reviews that the window cannot be open, actually they are locked and I requested the maid to open it. Room is good but small, although you have everything you need. I believe that two people in a standard room can have problem with space, especially for suitcases and the wardrobe is not big. The room is clean and has a very good and large bed, plus LCD TV. The bathroom is not big as well, but very clean and well equipped. I do not like shower inside the tube, but that’s what they have and was not a problem at all.Breakfast is excellent and have both Chinese and occidental food. It’s hard to find someone among the staff with a good knowledge of English; most of them speak few words but are helpful and try to understand you.I decide to book the tours directly in Beijing upon arrival. Do not book at the airport where they charge higher. At the hotel they only have one tour operator to offer you. Prices are good and the Great Wall tour operates daily, but the city tour including the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven and Summer Palace only operates three times a week – so if you don’t match with the days they manage to offer you a private tour which is higher cost. BUSINESS CENTER is a mess and even they have four computers only one is working properly. The internet charge is very high, about 20 Yuans for 20 minutes, the same I have paid in the countryside for one hour.LOCATION – excellent and you have a shopping mall adjacent to the hotel with supermarket, western fast food and different restaurants. There is subway station right in front. Sometimes take a cab at the hotel is a problem and I believe they have settled drivers. One day I had to wait more than 15 minutes to get a cab while some are passing by the hotel, the bellboy just nodded when I asked why I couldn’t that one of these. I recommend the hotel for those not expecting a luxury accommodation and seeking for good price, service and location.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good value for a short stopover	We spent 3 nights at HJ Paragon in a standard room. The hotel is situated directly opposite to the central station and a subway station. ATTENTION: Till now the only possibility to get from the airport to the hotel is by bus or taxi! Subway line from the airport is under construction presumably till the games will start. Most of the staff spoke English and the room was quite nice and clean (more than we expected). ATTENTION: Bad luck if you got a room that faces the courtyard (no view at all). In general the hotels is o.k. for a short stopover and better than Chinese standard. Weaknesses: Expensive Internet use, hotel restaurant (meals heated in microwave, no English speaking waitresses).Nevertheless we recommend this hotel, especially the hotel manager was very helpfull, friendly and was anxious that we `ll be comfortable.	
Dec 7 2007 	Convenient Location Superior Service	Coming out of the train station, tired and cold, I was a bit stressed about finding a nice bed for the night. The first name I saw? The Paragon. You can't miss it and shouldn't miss it, for it is truly above-average. We walked in at 7:00am and they gave us a room straightaway at a rate that roughly equalled $115 CDN/night (700 Yuan), breakfast included. Location: Across the street from a rail station and adjacent to a large shopping mall, the Paragon is about a 15-20 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. There are plenty of metro stations nearby as well. Rooms: Very clean and comfortable. The beds were a bit softer than average for China. Large LCD TVs are located in each room, featuring a variety of Asian &amp; Western stations. The breakfast was the best I had while in China, with a variety of dishes to choose from (everything from bacon &amp; eggs to stir-fried vegetables and congee). Staff: Very friendly. Warm smiles all around. I felt like they were genuinely pleased that I was staying there and wanted to cater to my every need.	
Oct 7 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	great hotel, great staff excelent brakfast ,great location. MOSTLLY RECOMENDED.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great location - great hotel	The location is perfect. You don’t need to leave your hotel to get to the tube station; you just go through the shopping centre next door... really handy when it is raining. The subway and the train station are just in front of the hotel (but you cannot hear a thing). The nearest stop is Beijing Zhan.There are plenty of little restaurants around, so even in the middle of the night there is always something to eat.The hotel in itself is very clean, staff are helpful and their English is good enough (a million times better than my Chinese).When I arrived they wanted to give me a room on level 5, but I have learned on www.tripadvisor.com that level 5 is quite noisy because there is a restaurant... so I have asked to be moved to another floor (before they gave me the key) and they have upgraded me to level 8.The room was great! It was big, very clean, not smelly at all, tastefully decorated, the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was big enough and really nice. There is a safe, an ironing board, an alarm clock, a pair of bathrobes, sleepers, a big plasma TV on the wall, an armchair with footrest. What else, you cannot hear your neighbors at all, and the aircon is not noisy. I would definitely recommend this hotel to all kind of travelers!	
Jul 17 2007 	Beijing Oasis ???????	Hi. My wife and l spent three nights at HJ Beijing as part of a tour group (5 people) in June 2007. On first impression the Hotel appears Western, and attempts to follow the direction of current western hotels. The foyer was indeed pleasant. Tipping is expected.Like many hotels in China, l found that reception was again unfriendly and to some degree unhelpful. In this situation our tour guide was greatly appreciated.the location is awesome. After a late evening flight from Shanghai we were greated by an illuminated Beijing Railway Station. Quite awesome. The Hotel is connected to a Department Store and two small stores are outside the complex. A Starbucks, though a little hidden is only 200 metres away. The underground is the same distance away. We only had breakfast in the Hotel and this was better than average. It catered well for European Food, as well as chinese and others. Staff here were indeed friendly.The rooms were bigger than expected, and TV coverage was OK. (No CNN???). I Loved the bed, and the room was kept extremely clean at all times.It is not a Hyatt, but never the less, you will enjoy your stay there.	
Jul 15 2007 	explore holidays said it was 4 star...	We were booked into this hotel by Explore Holidays as part of their Beijing short stay tour. The Explore Holiday brochure showed photos of 4 &amp; 5 star hotels but this hotel did not appear in any of the brochures. In fact at no stage were we told before we left Australia what the name of the hotel would be even though I e-mailed Explore Holidays several times before departure. All I was told was this it would be a 4 star hotel. I sincerely doubt whether this hotel could be considered 4 star. It had no pool, no sound proofing &amp; the furniture was quite austere. The staff at the front desk were unsure of their English but the bell desk staff were very good. I was traveling with my husband &amp; 4 year old in June so a pool would have been fantastic to cool off after a hot day of sight seeing. I am an AFTA student &amp; I can tell you this was no 4 star hotel...stay somewhere else. The new hotels going up in Beijing looked fantastic as we drove by them...in our boiling, supposedly air conditioned van....If you opt for the Explore Holiday short stay tour in Beijing, get on the phone &amp; make sure you get what you paid for..we certainly didn't...	
Jun 12 2007 	Nice Hotel in Noisey Beijing	Arrived in Beijing after a grueling flight from Calif. to the Howard Johnson. It was nice. More than I expected actually...although you really don't get a view if your room faces the court (which ours did), you do get a balcony, which was good for enjoying a smoke and a drink after a long day of sight seeing. The hotel staff was good...some English speakers, some Chinese, which works out nice. Nice buffett breakfast daily with an omlett bar, had some great shabu shabu the first night we arrived. Enjoyed some drinks at the hotel lounge which is nice, but expensive. A nice feature of the hotel is that it is attached to a shopping mall which connects directly to the metro...very convinient.All in all, it was a good hotel for a good price. I'd stay there again!	
Jun 11 2007 	Very Nice Hotel Good Location	Stayed here for 5 nights in mid-May 2007. It's a nice big, clean hotel, attached to the Henderson Shopping Complex.I think the room was one up from the &quot;standard&quot; room, but the price difference was minimal (booked through a travel agent). The room is BIG, and the bathroom is quite large (for a hotel) as well, and has a bath, and a large glass panel separating the bathroom from the main bedroom (You do have blinds you can draw closed for privacy if you want)Room included things like slippers, bath robe, electronic safe, wardrobe, fridge, TV, and internet access (via network cable, provided in the draw). I found the room was always kept clean by the cleaners, and the bathroom was well maintained and cleaned as well.Breakfast was great, a large area on the 5th floor, and had a variety of hot and cold foods - There was a large range of foods to chose from, and it was well prepared and cooked , and very clean. The only bad thing (not the hotels fault) was if travelling alone - You got up to get some food... and someone else came along and stole your table !!!!! (So leave a book or jumper on the chair!)The front desk, while professional looking, was a bit difficult to deal with. I only speak English, and a little French, and had a hard time getting information... You really have to pick the right person... Took me 3 attempts to book a tour to the Great Wall as the English is really not that good.. BUT.. They to TRY, so B+ for effort, you just have to hang in there and explain things slowly, or go away and try again after the staff change shifts !Location is great - I walk heaps, so the Square and Forbidden city is walkable - Though probably 15 minute (really fast walk) to 35 minute (really slow walk). Plus some other shopping centers the other direction (but only really for keen walkers, else grab a cab)The Henderson shopping complex I didn't really spend time shopping in, but for food (dinner, lunch) , it had several places too chose from, plus a supermarket and pharmacy are located there - and the supermarkets are really cheap for drinks and snacks.I didn't use it, but the railway station is literally across the road. Just mind your wallet/purse in the crowds - Though nothing happened to me, I was warned about it.When getting a cab, the doorstaff can help - and usually pick you a reliable cab. Get a card from them (Doormen) as you get in the cab - It's bascially a card saying &quot;Please Take me to the XXX&quot; written in Chinese.... You just tick the box you want and give it to the cab driver... Makes saying where you want to go easier (plus it also says &quot;Please take me to the Howard Johnson Hotel&quot; and gives directions on the flip side... For when you want to get back!I never got ripped by a cab hailed by the staff. But on the way BACK to the hotel... Hmmmm check the price BEFORE you start the journey.A really nice hotel, big, clean, and with a good breakfast and great location. I would recommend it, and I would stay there again. Communications can be a bit on the difficult side, but if you at least know roughly what you want to do/where you want to go before you get there - It will help.	
May 4 2007	Good value for money!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April. We contacted the hotel directly and obtained a better rate than available anywhere on the internet. We opted for a Deluxe Room which had been refurbished, which was really not that much more expensive than a standard room, and we were not disappointed. The furnishings were very nice, flat screen tv, glass window (with shutter) between bathroom and room etc made it clear that the extra money was well spent. Breakfast was good (included in the price). The location was excellent, connected to the Henderson Shopping Centre and a reasonable walk to the Forbidden City, main shopping area etc. Anyway, taxis in Beijing are very reasonably priced and worth taking. I must say that we were never cheated or misled even once by taxi drivers, which was a welcome change! The only drawbacks at the hotel were that the front desk service levels were poor, and the internet access at the business centre was inconsistent. However, for its price and location, I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Hotel  Great Location	I just luv this hotel. We stayed here last june and will be back again this June for a brief stay. The location is strategic ... close to subway and the Tourist Information Center is just in front of the hotel. You reach the subway without leaving the hotel! The hotel is in the same building as the shopping mall. From the mall, there is a entrance to the subway. From there you can access most places in city center.The room is nice and clean.... we got the one with a GLASS wall separating the shower room and the bedroom. how romantic!!	
Feb 16 2007	Visit in Feb 2007	we arrived at the hotel at around 10pm.. the first room allocated had an incredibly smelly bathroom. chk in staff changed the room. however advise people not to stay on the 5th floor.. we were woken up by noise from the train station next door.. changed room again to the other side and the next morning woken up at 6am by the tour group breakfast rush as the restaurant is on the same floor!need help with travel.. the business/travel center staff didnt realise my gf spoke mandarin and were bitterly complaing to each other about us.. they flatly refused to do anything beyond the call of duty despite us being the only people in the centre. they suspected that my gf might speak mandarin due to her reaction but one of them said 'dont worry.. foreigners dont know what we are saying' and continuedwe were both very very disappointed. i travel a lot for business and i had realistic expectations.. however i have never met such billigerant and unhelpful staff in all my travels.this is a pretty toned down version of our experience.. they did change our rooms but for what you pay, you can do much better elsewhere	
Jan 9 2007 	Will use again	Very efficient staff. Always housekeepers around and any room problems are attended to within 5 -10 minutes, and we had a few problems like door not locking, and being given rooms far away from each other.Major problem in trying to stop the Chinese from smoking in the non-smoking floor rooms. They should enforce that strictly. Rooms also need some refurbishment, way too hot and stuffy in winter - cannot turn temp down in some rooms.Bell boys extremely eager and helpful. Breakfast got a bit boring after 3 days, and they do not know how to make tea.Overall, staff are very eager to please and efficient unlike some other major international hotel. Shopping centre next door, banks and supermarket opposite, railway station with airport bus stop nearby, all extremely good. As one other reviewer said, taxi drivers have problem finding this hotel. Handy to subway too to get to Forbidden City. Minor drawback, not many local restaurants nearby.Also tried the Holiday Inn Downtown on same trip and prefer this place.	
Dec 12 2006 	Great Value 	We stayed at the HoJo Beijing on two occassions from early to mid Nov 2006. In our opinion, for the price, this hotel is great value. Located opposite a train station and above the easy to use subway. My partner and I are not adverse to walking and we found it an easy distance to the famous Pearl Markets, worth a visit for a try at haggling asian style.The rooms were a resonable size and we found the bathrooms to be relatively clean on our stay.Given the opportunity we would stay in the hotel again. Great value for money	
Oct 26 2006 	Reasonable price for a reasonable property	We had 3 rooms on the 10th floor (club floor) for three nights from 20 Oct. The rooms were smallish and a little bit dark with twin beds. English tv was CNN, BBC, ESPN and Star Movies. Toothbrushes, hair dryer, bath robes, slippers provided. Plenty of hot water for bath/shower.The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is directly across the road from the main railway station and has a mall underneath which is great for shopping and a decent selection of restaurants. It is only a couple of (big) blocks away from Tiannamen Square and Forbidden City. Also has a Starbucks and McDonalds nearby. Bedding and towels were very clean but furniture is well past its use by date. There was also some mould around the bath. The windows, which looked down onto the atrium, were quite dirty. We were in a smoking room but there was no smell (we are non-smokers), so I was impressed with that. The staff were all very pleasant. Breakfast, included in the price, was quite good (we went to the general breakfast area, not the 10th floor).We paid US$75 per room per night on a discount site and I think that was a fair price for this hotel.I would say the hotel is average, but would change that to above average if the furniture was upgraded and they could brighten up the rooms a little.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great Value- Great Location	If you're looking for a great place to stay (for location, value, helpful service, comfortable western-style rooms) then this may be just the place for you! My fiance and I recently stayed a the Paragon on a recent 'stopover' in Beijing and I would like to highly recommend it to anyone considering going to beijing and looking for a place to stay.The hotel itself is located across from the trainstation and is connected to a shopping centre that is very handy- it has a pharmacy, lots of restaurants, a big bank and some other assorted shops. We ate at some of these restaurants during our stay and other than our complimentary breakfast, did not dine in the restaurants within the hotel. (restaurants in the mall included both sit down, stay a while restaurants and take away fast food chains as well). But, the best part was it's locality to the very very easy to use metro system. Very handy indeed and very cheap too... It's an easy walk from the hotel to the silk market but also in the other direction- to tiannamen square and the forbidden city.This location is MUCH better than staying on the Wangfujing as it's busy and noisy and just not that desirable (in my opinion of course).The rooms at the HoJo Paragon were clean, included an inroom safe and were comfortable. There was an evening turn down service and they were very prompt on any requests. As per other reviews, I wouldn't use the phones (but I wouldn't in ANY hotel because of the fees) but internet is available as are payphones in the mall attached to the Paragon.The breakfast was FANTASTIC and covered everything chinese and western. We ate here every morning and it kept us going late into the day... a snack would usually see us through to dinner so it was excellent value. Cereals, yoghurt, fruit, pastries, are among the cold items but then there is the hot items as well- bacon, sausages, toast, scrambled eggs, fried rice, omlettes (maid to order) and cooked eggs (maid to order) just list some of the available western options. This complimentary breakfast (if included in your room booking) is so worth it! You don't need to worry about getting breakfast to start your day- it's right there! The rooms have 2 bottles a day of complimentary water but like I said before, there is the mall right next door and you can pick up bottled water for Y3 at Watsons (the pharmacy) which is chilled and ready to go for the day.We booked online at ratestogo and got an amazing deal that included breakfast- i've used this site several times and every time have been very pleased.I cannot express enough what a great stay we had at the Howard Johnson Paragon- I would recommend this to family and friends and would come back again.	
Sep 8 2006 	absolute rip off	Pretty good by the book for the star rateing EXCEPT the HOWARD JOHNSON part. I was charged more for an international call that lasted barely 1 minute to Australia by the HOWARD JOHNSON organisation than I paid for the room!!!!!!! Beware local calls dialed through the hotel system are very inexpensive BUT by the telephone in the room are instructions to make international calls useing your credit card. I did this, the conections are made thru US, thru the HOWARD JOHNSON org. and that as far as I'm concerned is a RIP OFF.	
Jun 23 2006	Excellent Hotel!	Howard Johnson Paragon Hotel in Beijing, is located in front of a train station and in the middle of a Shopping Center. All facilities are available, internetservice, restaurants, free currency change and a lot more. Is a bargain! You can walk to the Tianamen Square or a supermarket that is in front of the hotel. Breakfast is free, and is a 5 star breakfast. Buffet with excellent food! This is a 4 star Hotel. Does not have a pool, which is a downer, but who needs it, you have so many things to see in Beijing, that you will not have time for a pool.There is a restuarant and a karaoke club in the second floor. Beautifull Chinese girls go there. Is a very fine club. You have to pay $50 to get inside. So, the clientele is excellent, with great emvironment. Front desk was good, but sometimes employees do not speak english, but, is China. Someone very fast, comes to your assistance. Do not worry. Go to the paragon. I had an excellent vacation there. Besides, Chinese people are great!Jose Fuentes	
Mar 27 2006 	Help was very nice	I had never been to China, in fact, never left the U.S.A. before, so my world traveling skills are not well honed. I ask only for nice people who try their best. Everyone at this hotel was and did! Outside rooms are nicer view wise, and watching the railroad station across the street handle 2 million people a day is but a small glimpse into the city life. On some floors the rooms have been redone and some are not and slightly worn. But who cares!! This is China! Wow! Close to bus line and taxis at the door. Everywhere and at any time you always fell safe in Beijing. Wonderful place. I loved the morning buffet. I see that some people complaint about slow service. It's a buffet for goodness sake, don't sound so Imperialistic, get up and get it yourself!	
Sep 28 2005	Loud horrible conditions with bugs rust	This is definitely the worst hotel I stayed in china, especially for the price one pays. I interestingly noticed that my friend had a much nicer room on the coprorate floor-9th floor, for a much price then ours. We were first placed on the 5th floor, a room which faced the inner courtyard. There was music playing until 11PM and then I was awoken at 6AM to the noises of breakfast buffet (clanging of the silverware, piano music, conversations). And the front desk had the audacity to say they had updgraded us to that room the night before. When confronting the front desk about this, they did not offer me a new room- they told me to come back that same day in the late afternoon to check if there are available rooms to change to. I forced the front desk representative to find a room for me- otherwise, by the time I came back from sightseeing, there may be no more rooms available. This room we were moved to had much worser condition- only saving grace was it wasn't facing the interior courtyard. However, the bathroom was horrible- rusted fixtures, insects (dead and alive) floating throughout the bathroom, a showerhead that doesn't work (no signifant jet stream). AWFUL condition. I would not recommend staying at Howard Johnson Paragon.	
Aug 17 2005	Great location + Bargain	It is excellent not because it's the best hotel in the world but you really can't have much to complain. I got a package from Hong Kong including airfare and hotel and stayed there for 3 nights. The package was very cheap and I think this hotel probably doesn't charge a lot. Don't be alarmed by the name &quot;Howard Johnson.&quot; It is much better than regular Howard Johnsons in the US. The lobby looks nice, the rooms are fine. The hotel is well located with a subway stop right across from the street. The train station is also across the boulevard. It's very busy with millions of people coming in and out. I didn't detect noise from the street. It was wonderful to watch the actions and the view's great.	
Apr 8 2005	Take a chance on the Paragon!	When looking for a Beijing hotel to stay at with my husband and three kids I ran across the Paragon. I was frustrated because I couldn't find many reviews and the ones I did find weren't very sparkling. We booked directly through Howard Johnson and got a great rate for a Deluxe Suite, one room with 2 double beds (they were small but fine) and another with a couch, chairs, television desk etc. Ho Jo's policy kids under 17 stay for free in parents room. Nearly every other hotel insisted we book two rooms for our family. Since the rate was easily $150 per night cheaper, we decided to give it a try. WOW were we surprised! The room was great, super convenient with a subway station right at the hotel. It's across the street from the train station so was high entertainment to watch the people pouring out like ants starting at 0530. Breakfast buffet was varied and delicious. Most of the staff spoke English and they were happy to make our stay pleasant. There was a little gafaw when checking in, they couldn't find our reservation but more than made up for it over our lovely week's stay at the Paragon. Give the Paragon a chance...you won't be disappointed!	
Nov 4 2004	Centrally located good breakfast but slow service	The Howard Johnson Beijing hotel was actually better than most Howard Johnson hotels in the US. I liked the buffet breakfast (has a fairly rich choice both Chinese and Western items). But service is slow: it will take a while until a waiter notices you and brings you any coffee. Expedia has rated this hotel as three stars; it is probably better than three stars. The room rates (booked over the Internet) were reasonable. The staff did try to be helpful and spoke moderately good English The hotel is centrally located in Beijing, and taxi, subway and train transportation is nearby. Giving directions to a taxi when coming in from the Beijing airport can be a problem for foreigners: you must provide the phone number of the hotel and the exact hotel name and address written in Chinese to the taxi driver -- for some reason, finding this hotel invariably seems to require a phone call by the driver.	
Aug 31 2004	not impressed!	This hotel is a good example that the number of stars doesn't say much about appeal or quality, just about the formal list of facilities.Upon arrival not enough staff at reception to cope with the customers. Toilets in the lobby not too clean. Sub-standard service from the coffee lounge staff in the lobby. The rooms a bit shabby and the breakfast was not 4-star quality. Any good things? Yes, we could occupy the room at around 9am without surcharge and the hotel is very convenient for train travel. It locates opposite Beijing Zhan.In all quite dissappointing compared to for example the Capital Hotel I stayed last year. (which was even a bit cheaper)	
Nov 6 2009 	??????		
Oct 3 2009 	????		
Oct 2 2009 	Recht einfach aber zentral		
Mar 23 2009 	Aucun service		
Mar 9 2009 	???????????		
Jan 23 2009 	????		
Nov 25 2008	Schönes Hotel		
Sep 18 2008 	?????????????		
