Oct 14 2009 	I love the hotel	Now I'm living in this hotel nearly three weeks . I feel it is a good place if your take your leisure trip. It provides good service , delicious food, nice toom, especially the convenient traffic. If you are a tourist, there are many traffic tools you can choose to get to your destination. At last, I have to mention that my friends Grace recommends me the hotel. The hotel make my tour much more colourful .Here, Thanks her a lot.	
Oct 1 2009 	Our home in Beijing	We have stayed here each April for 2 weeks for the past 3 years , as we explore BeijingAlthough it is not close to the centre of Beijing, it is on the main road and also the subway (a trip on which we feel is part of the experience). It is also well placed , being on the 4th ring road, to the summer palace , and the great wall. The rooms are large and quiet and has free internet in the rooms along with a nice breakfast buffet that caters for all nationalities. (best to try and have this included in your package). The gym and pool are well appointed and kept very clean The staff are friendly and it well priced compared to the hotels in the city centre.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good Hotel in western Beijing	My friend recommended me this hotel, and I booked a room in which the hotel called Executive Floor. The main feature of this floor is a study; it is decorated with much age-old china and books to tell us what Chinese culture is look like; I love it. Generally speaking, the room is nice and the service is professional. The restaurant is pretty good, especially the buffet. It provided various delicious dishes and the price is affordable. What’s more, traffic is convenient. The hotel is nearby subway, and it’s easy to call taxi, and what I think the most convenient thing is the location. It is in the old residential district and there are many other restaurants and shops around it, so maybe you can find your flavor here and buy some articles for daily use, even kill time.I lived here just few days, but it is easy to be familiar with their staff. In this hotel, you will not feel like a foreigner or even a stranger, everyone here is friendly. According to my experience in Beijing, the hotel is your best choice if you stay in the Western Beijing.	
Dec 20 2008 	Best service in any hotel	This hotel is on the west side of Beijing. It is a little far from Downtown areas but a quick subway or $7 US taxi ride away. I have to say that the service in this hotel is the best I received anywhere. From the restaurant to the executive lounge to everything in the hotel they make you feel like a king. When you call for something a quick response is usually had in less than 2 minutes. This level of service could not be had in the US for almost any price. Plus, all the workers in this hotel are very professional and go above and beyond for guest.The rooms in this hotel are very nice. I would recommend paying for the executive floors. The rooms on the executive floor would be comparable to a 5 star hotel in the US. I do not think you could get a room this nice for $400 a night in New York. Plus, a buffet breakfast is included. Western and chinese food are offered and it is incredible the choices they have. Plus, the executive rooms allow 4 peices of laundry to be cleaned free of charge per day, and 6 soft drinks from the wet bar free of charge. You will have access to an amazing executive loung that offers free food at night and drinks. I was upgraded to the executive floor because of my platinum status. The regular rooms are nice, but a little old and not in comparison to the executive rooms.The main restaurant offers a nightly buffet for 128 RMB about $20 US. It is very elaborate and has Italian food and chinese food. It is vey good and the dishes change nightly. It includes local draft beer and coca cola. Over the 9 days my family stayed the staff got to know us. They are very friendly and will do everything to make you feel at home. Upon check out the General Manger came to greet my family.If you find yourself in westen beijing or do not mind a 20 minute ride to the center of the city stay here. It is half the price of the downtown hotels. remember to stay in an executive room and the extra 150 RMB $23 US or so a day is worth it.	
Aug 16 2008 	Buyer beware	I booked a room, later canceled it, yet charges were on my credit card statement. Holiday Inn informed me that because I booked the room online at a special rate I would not receive any refund. If you book a room here, make sure this is really where you want to stay. I switched to a different hotel because I found much better rates and accommodations though a locally owned and operated hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Ok Western hotel in China	Wanted to stay in Haidian since many of my clients are there so booked this hotel. However, it is some distance from Zhongguancun (sp) but in a typical quiet residential neighborhood. Also, some distance Forbidden City etc. although right off the main thoroughfare that leads to it. Breakfast buffet was ok. Since it is a Western hotel, didn't have problems typical of similarly rated Chinese hotels (e.g., hard bed (like sleeping on concrete), prostitution). So, if you want a Western hotel in Beijing but are willing to be a distance away from everything, it is a good hotel.The only thing that really disappointed me was the airport pick up. Had a client meeting within 2 hours of landing so wanted a quick pickup so I could drop off luggage and run to the meeting, but it took 20 minutes for the pickup to arrive. Would have been faster waiting in the taxi line (and a lot cheaper).	
Mar 19 2008 	Nice hotel but	I stayed here for 1 night March 15-16 for the the first American baseball games played in China. I choose this hotel because it's only a 10 minute walk from the new Olympic baseball stadium where the games were played. The new arena where the Olympic basketball games will be played is right next to the baseball stadium. The subway is also next to the baseball stadium making it also near the hotel.It's a very nice hotel with the front desk able to speak decent English. I choose a superior room for the separate shower, which also has an extra large bathroom and an electric pants press in the room. The bed is very comfortable. I booked the room on the Holiday Inn website and pre-purchaed my room and breakfast which saved me about $20. The breakfast is okay with a cooked to order omelet station. Nothing to brag about but the cost with the pre-booking was only about $8.BUT, the location is on the far west of Beijing. Sure it's near the subway. However, the subway was ALWAYS crowded whether it be afternoon or evening, Saturday or Sunday. The subway is only 26 cents one way though! A taxi from the airport took 1 hour and $18. Going back took only 45 minutes. The problem with relying with taxis is that the city traffic is so bad that it could take a while to get to this hotel from anywhere not taking the highway. I used the subways all the time except for the airport. To Tiananmen Square by subway took about 15-20 minutes. If you don't mind crowded but cheap subways, this hotel is half the cost of something more central.	
Jan 4 2008 	Nice hotel	Nice rooms, friendly staff. Close to the subway which is the fastest way to travel around Beijing. Go out the front, turn left go to the corner turn left again and it's just a few blocks down. Indoor pool is heated in winter so pack the swimsuit, breakfast is good but a little pricey...but it is a buffet with western food as well as Chinese and you can fill up for the day. Massage was cheap at the hotel and very good, though unlike in the US where you totally disrobe and get under a sheet they are not used to this and were a bit shocked. We really liked this hotel and the Chinese people were friendly and go out of their way to help if you need it. Not many people in China speak English but it wasn't a problem for us and most signage was in English too, even the subway makes stop announcements in English as well as Chinese. Overall hotel was great, and China was awsome! Must see's are the Wall, Summer Palace, Forbiden City, Teinamen Square, Temple of Heaven &amp; an acrobat show. The hotel can set up tours to any of these places and more, we used a tour for the wall &amp; acrobat show and explored the others on our own.	
Dec 10 2007	Very Nice Holiday Inn	Stayed in Holiday Inn Chang An West for three nights in Beijing. This particular hotel is a bit far off from the center. It is in the southwestern edge of the city and at least 30 minutes from popular areas such as Wangfujing and the Forbidden City. However, there is a subway station around 10 minutes walk from the hotel.To be honest, I was initially not expecting much from a Holiday Inn. However, I can probably say that this hotel is of four star quality. Though the interiors weren't any different from other places, this hotel gave off a pretty good ambiance. It could be because it was a relatively new hotel when I stayed there. The staff were helpful and gave me tips on where to go in the city. They knew how to speak good English. Maps of the city were also readily available in the counter.The rooms were very clean, well-appointed and most importantly, spacious. Standard amenities were included (toiletries, slippers, etc). High-speed internet was also available in the room, though it was certainly not free. I had to call for a technician to set-up my Apple laptop for internet use. Service was prompt and my laptop was ready for in no time. The breakfast buffet was okay. It was nothing special and the variety was pretty average. Aside from the usual Western fare (bacon, scrambled egg, etc), they also had some standard Chinese breakfast items such as congee, salted vegetables, etc.This is a good hotel overall. The only real downside is that it is a bit far from the center. Next time I am in Beijing, I would probably stay elsewhere simply because of convenience. Nevertheless, I still recommend the Holiday Inn Chang An for the traveler looking for good value but not really keen on a city center location.	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice Rooms	Stayed in Beijing for Business - had 3 rooms on the Executive Club floor. Service was good. Rooms were great - very large and clean. Bathroom was also very good. I had a seperate shower unit from the bathtub but that is not in every room. In room safe is handy. Executive Club offers 4 pieces free laundry per day which is nice for an extended stay. Free internet was good for business. Food was poor. Breakfast was good (custom made eggs) but lunch and dinner in the buffet restaurant was very poor. Very few Western or European dishes despite the restaurant being called Florence. Mainly Chinese food. Tried the satay in the bar but it was very tough. Red curry chicken in the Thai restaurant was good. Elevators slow in the morning but good bell hop service and access to cabs.	
Nov 6 2006 	Nice Holiday Inn	I just returned from a trip to China. First went to Beijing. There I met with a friend. We toke the airport bus to the hotel, and were dropped close to the hotel. We were in the Holiday Inn Chang An West and indeed it was a very good hotel. With swimmingpool and good massages for the body. But the temperature off the water is not so warm, 25-28 C.,so most of the time we had the whole pool for ourselves.But everything is wonderfully done and very clean.The breakfast was very tasty and western. The girls from the hotel where very helpfull and nice.The location of this hotel is on the west side of Beijing and with the metro, wich is 10 minutes walk from the hotel, you can get everywhere, cheap and quickly. If you get tired of huge Beijing you just take a taxi to the hotel for not so much money, or a bike.At the end of the street, where the hotel is situated, you have a whole street of restaurants, where you can eat cheap, good, clean and very interresting food.The hotel rooms were nice and clean, with a good shower and bad.	
Oct 24 2005	Holiday Inn Chan An	Just got back from Beijing for the first time really had a great time. My wife and Istayed at one of thenewr Holiday Inn's in Beijing and really loved the hotel. The rooms were fantastic with nice beds and very clean. Suprisingly they had quite a bit of room but only had 3 tv channels in english (discovery, cnn, and hbo). The location is good but if you are going to do organized tours don't be surprised if thye send a car for you to meet up with the bus at another hotel also your day will statr at 7am instead of 8am for most tours. Quite honestly though you can take the subway which is a ten minute walk and then another 10 to 15 minutes on the subway to reach the center of Bejing. From ther you can walk to Tian amen Square, Forbidden City, and Temple of Heaven. The subway will also get you to all the major shopping areas. There are a few thing that we weren't happy with. It is a long way from the airport and the ride is about 1 hour. Traffic in Beijing is pretty bad at al times. The hotel has 3 restraunts (Chinese, Italian, Thai) and we personally didn't eat at the Thai restraunt but wern't overly impressed with the other ones. We found no Italian food at the Italian restraunt and the Chines food was very greesy. Also a warning that a non-smoking section in China means that the table you are at has no smoking but not necessarily the ones around you. Thay do have a pool which I found not to be heated in October which I liked cause I like cold water but the two ladies I saw down there were pretty dissapointed. They also have a beauty salon but no one at speaks very good English so just order what services they offer and don't try to ask questions like my wife did cause it can get pretty frustrating.Overall though both my wife and I would highly reccomend the hotel and would stay there again if we ever went back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Very nice hotel		
