	Traditional chinese with great location and wonderful staff	Me, my husband and our two children visited Beijing in November 09. We stayed at this wonderful hotel. It had a really helpful staff, who helped us arrange one trip th the great wall (private driver 8.30-5 =700RMB) and write notes that said where we wanted to go in Beijing, since the taxi drivers don´t understand english. We stayed in the VIP room, it was very spacious and clean. Breakfast was simple but good. The absolute best thing with this hotel is that it is located in a houtong, and it feels very traditional chinese. It is not one of those huge american hotels. When you walk outside the hotel you see how chinese people lives. We liked it a lot.	
Nov 2 2009 	A good Place to stay in Beijing	A good place to stay with freinds or family with young children or teenagers, good services with speaking front officers, good foods for breakfasts both in Chinese and Western, clean and large rooms, beautiful courtyard, but not known much for taxisnear subway stations and easy going to tourist areas, be prepared for your map to find the hotel in Chinese for first arrival.	
Sep 27 2009 	Lovely but a bit overpriced	Compared to hotel chains Sihe has its own personality: beautiful courtyard, nice rooms equipped with the finest furniture. You can spend your time reading in the very peculiar garden, finding peace and armony. If you are willing to pay for this... Probably suitable for families with children who needs rest and space. We spent our days walking a lot so we didn't take advantage of these amenities.Located in a typical hutong, we always felt safe, no problem with taxi driver.Near to the famous Wangfujing street, within a walking distance to the underground (5-8 minutes).Staff is fantastic: helpful in sorting out every kind of problem, satisfactory level of english.Only one downside: the breakfast was quite poor.	
Aug 22 2009 	A really lovely place to stay	This courtyard hotel is down a narrow hutong but well positioned for the metro (less than 10 minutes walk) since the new lines were opened for the 2008 Olympics. The hotel is an oasis of peace with the most beautiful courtyard garden, friendly and helpful staff and a wonderful down to earth feel. We stayed for 4 nights (2 adults, and 12 and 18 year old boys) and had a lovely time.Highlights of our trip were: the Laotse Tea House evening performances of Beijing Opera, acrobatics and Fung Fu; visiting Mao's Mausoleum (but get there early; the queues move quite quickly; before you start queuing, you have to leave your bags in the building to the East of the Mausolem, across the road); the Forbidden City and, of course, the Great Wall.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great place to stay	Sihe Hotel is in one of Beijing's remaining Hutong's. You have to walk about 1/8 mile from the main road, because cabs do not like to go down the narrow alley (they &quot;might get stuck&quot; between other cars). It is an interesting walk thru an old Beijing neighborhood. The hotel will arrange transportation if you request. We felt very safe in the area. Buses are on the main road, the subway is about 1/8 mile up the road &amp; there is a large grocery/dry goods store across from the subway entrance.The hotel is great, the staff is friendly &amp; extremely helpful. The place is not fancy but very clean, has AC, comfortable beds, and good (western) bathroom facilities. Sitting in a semi-private courtyard is nice. Rooms are of different sizes, ours was a little small, but that was OK. Breakfast is good.We really enjoyed Sihe Courtyard Hotel &amp; will recommend it to anyone. If we were to go back to Beijing we would stay there again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Ancient residence of opera singer Mei Lan Fongcompact convinient with friendly and helpful service.	The hotel is situated in a typical narrow lane next to a row of old houses. Vistors benefit from ambiance of living with the locals. Easy walking distance to Forbidden City with Metro station and railway syation 5 to 10 minutes away. Very interesting area/	
Jun 19 2009 	oasis of peace and quiet in a busy city	We stayed here 3 nights and it turned out to be much more comfortable than we expected when we arrived.Reception is a small side room by the entrance. Staff were friendly and helpful although they struggle with English. As the name suggests, this hotel is a series of courtyards - all the buildings are single storey. As you walk from one courtyard to the next, you feel more and more distance between you and the bustle of Beijing. Most courtyards have a tree (all with IV drips!) which gives it more of a rural feel. The covered walkways turned out to be important since we stayed here through some very heavy rainfall - our rooms were completely watertight, but I saw that the kitchen had 4 or 5 buckets filling from a leaking roof!We had two rooms - single room for our daughter and a large double for us. Our room was furnished with traditional Chinese furniture and turned out to be very comfortable - although the bed was firm / hard, this was the best nights' sleep we had in all the hotels on our China trip (including some swish 5 star hotels).There are no meals here apart form breakfast. The best you can say about breakfast is that it's adequate. But they have free access to the internet (either your laptop or through their PC in the breakfast room), which we didn't find in our other hotels on this trip.There are lots of street restaurants nearby - even KFC and McDonalds if that's your thing. We ate in a couple of the restaurants - the meals were cheap, tasty and filling; just order off the pictures in the menu.When you leave the hotel, remember which roads you're following so that you can find your way back - the hotel is down a small lane. Even so, our taxi (a large 6 seater) nearly always managed to get to the front door.Would definitely stay here again for that local feel.	
May 5 2009 	A quiet haven in the hutong	We stayed here for three days in April and found it to be a peaceful and comfortable haven with friendly and helpful staff.; a refreshing change from the usual large, characterless 'chain' hotels. We had an 'executive' room which was large and airy with four- poster bed; some of the standard roms did look a little 'compact' if staying for more than a day or two. Although access by taxi can sometimes be difficult, depending on the willingness of the driver to venture down the narrow road, it is only a 5 minute walk from the main road, and a 10 minute walk from a subway station, from which the main tourist spots can be reached. Although the hutong streets are dark at night, at no time did we feel threatened when walking through them. Food is good and you are really made to feel welcome. Thoroughly recommended if you want to try and get near to a 'chinese' hotel experience (with free internet access!)	
May 2 2009 	A taste of old Beijing culture	We stayed in this hotel for several nights, and loved the charming architecture. The hotel courtyards, layout, and furniture were intricate and old-worldly, a totally unique travel experience. We used the hotel's free Internet daily. Our room was small and sparse, but nonetheless inviting after a long day out. The bathroom wasn't the freshest, but it was adequate and probably the only non-highlight of our stay. Staff was friendly and we enjoyed the hotel breakfast every morning (Chinese and American dishes), as well as the lending library of books and travel guides in the dining area. Walking through the narrow, winding hutong streets to our hotel was a highlight for the glimpses of back-street life it afforded. The hotel was a very convenient 5 or 7 minute walk from the subway, which we ended up using a lot after the first few exhausting days we spent walking everywhere. If you want to walk from this hotel to the Forbidden City, etc, you can. We did several times.	
May 2 2009 	Like at home	Stayed some weeks in this wonderful and peaceful place. Everytime I came back it was a coming home. Very friendly and helpful stuff, they beautyful courtyard, my nice, clean and comfortable room. When hungry I could order good dishes from the small kitchen, delivered to my room with a warm and friendly smile. In this place you will not find five star cold luxury with bar and big breakfast buffet. You will find heartiness and security . Whenever I come to Beijing, I surely will go to SiHe Courtyard!	
Apr 22 2009 	Unique and highly recommended	We stay at The Sihe Courtyard Hotel for 3 nights at the end of March 2009. We found all aspects of the hotal to be outstanding from,1) the airport pickup which went without fault depite our filght being delayed nearly 5 hours and arriving after midnight2) the spacious room with a Chinese bed in which we had the best sleep for years3) the courtious and ever help full staff who couldn't do enough for us including bring additional heaters to the room at nearly 2am when we checked with the outside temperature at near zero.We found the area in which the hotel is located to be colourful and provded a great glimpse of what Beijing was like given that there are now less than 400 hutongs left of the 4000 that existed 15 years ago. We noted other travellers comments on taxis and the proximity to main trourist sights in Beijing. We found it easy to get a taxi, you only had too walk around 200 metre to the right to main shopping street ant 300 metres to the left to find ample taxis. Most had no problem in getting us back to the Sibe. The hotel was only 500 metres walk to Wangfujing the famous shopping street. In addition was only a Rnb10 taxi fare to the Forbidden Palace and Tianemien Square ; ie the flag fall!Note we generally stay at 5 star hotels and while the Sibe is not 5 star nor is it a glass box. You may like to see our review of other hotels in China which included 3 nights at The Sofitel Wand Beijing where we stayed after the Sihe	
Apr 14 2009 	Nice hotel terrible location!	Chose to stay in the Beijing Sihe Hotel mainly due to other reviews on tripadvisor, but also down to the pictures showing a beautifully maintained Hutong.The actual Hotel didn't disappoint (when our cab from the airport eventually found it even with the printed out directions) you get a real sense of being in China and the room was lovely. But that was where all the good points seemed to stop.Thought this hotel would be a perfect location for sightseeing but Beijing is a deceptively large city. What on a map looks like a short walk turns out to actually be quite a hike and taxis necessary. However catching a cab in Beijing is no simple feat!!! The majority of cab drivers will ignore you and drive by if you're western preferring to pick up locals, and when you do finally manage to get one to stop the majority of the time they don't know where to go and refuse to take you! Especially if you need to return to a Hutong! The breakfast was rather poor, the restaurant at the hotel is a room roughly 10ft x 8ft with two tables in it, and as there are 12 rooms you generally couldn't get in there to get your food. Most mornings we had to rush in grab some food and retreat outside to eat it, which although was nicer than being crammed in the hot little room it meant you missed out on any freshly cooked eggs.The staff spoke OK English, but generally struggled to help when you had any requests and although there would be three women manning the front desks if one person had a problem it would require all three of them to sort it out. It was lovely actually staying in an authentic part of Beijing but the charm began to wear off after a few days of trekking back to the hotel. And certainly by the price you pay compared to other hotels for a B&amp;B.All in all I think we had been spoiled whilst visiting Shanghai previously, Shanghai as a city was much easier going and the people much friendlier, and since going to Beijing to visit the Great Wall I don't think I'd have any reason to go back there.	
Mar 25 2009 	Makes a change from standard chain hotels	Stayed here for three nights in March and had a fine stay. We got upgraded for free to the VIP room which was huge. The hotel is not going to win any luxury awards but it is authentic and having been to Beijing before and stayed at Raffles you do actually feel as if you're in China. The staff spoke OK English, certaintly enough to get by, and were really helpful. The breakfast wasn't great (we gave it a miss two out of three mornings) and basic appliances such as an iron would've been useful (they don't have one in the hotel). It's not exactly a bargain but you're paying for where you are staying i.e an old Hutong than the amenities. If you want a Chinese experience, give this a try esp in spring/summer as the courtyards are really lovely.	
Jan 29 2009 	Safe and authentic Beijing experience	We thoroughly enjoyed our five night stay at the Sihe Hotel.We stayed with our young daughter prior to commencing the trans-siberian railway to St Petersburg.During our stay we frequently walked through the old hutong area where the hotel is located, both in the day and at night, and never encountered any hint of trouble.There are plenty of restaurants and shops nearby, and it is possible to walk to the main Beijing sites such as the Forbidden City within half an hour.The reception staff were very helpful, and the rooms were charming, comfortable and very clean.We also took out the bicycles for a very enjoyable cycle around Beijing, this was offered by the hotel free of charge.This is a great hotel for people interested in a real Chinese hotel rather than the western chains.	
Dec 26 2008 	Small well-run hotel in old Beijing	This is a small, well-run hotel with a lot of atmosphere. It is in one of the dwindling number of central Beijing neighbourhoods that has not been modernized giving a different perspective on the city.	
Dec 26 2008 	Fabulous staff	We wanted to try life in the hutong and after reading reviews on tripadvisor, we booked ourselves a night in this hotel as our last stop in China. Room is clean, location was great within walking distance to tourist attraction. We checked out after a night stay and departed for the airport. We realised that we had left behind our Buddha pendant which was every important to my husband. We called the hotel, the staff was very helpful, they not only found it, they had it courier to our residence in Singapore.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great experience at SiHe	Stayed at the SiHe Hotel last week for 1 night in an Executive room. We had a very positive experience at the SiHe and I fully recommend it for liesure travellers to Beijing. Unlike some recent reviewers, I found the hotel to be good value for money. The hutong experience is very unique and, for better or for worse, is a shrinking part of Beijing life. The hotel sits nicely in a vibrant hutong in a very central location, but is quiet and peaceful. I am not one to give 5* ratings to hotels that are very good, only those that are exceptional. In my opinion this hotel is very good and I would gladly stay here again.My only warning on the SiHe, and it is not an issue for vacationers, is that I would not stay at this hotel when in Beijing on business. It does not appear to be an easy place to labor over a computer for many hours (eg, not great light in our room, electric outlets hard to reach), getting taxis is not especially convenient but was not a problem, and the location is not near the financial district (ie, any of my clients). But if you're not in BJ on business then not to worry!	
Nov 3 2008 	Comfy and Cosy!	Great find! We had a small room but it was very clean and had all the amenities we need from a fridge to a safe. Staff are friendly and helpful. Location is convenient and tourist sights are within walking distance.	
Oct 23 2008 	Perfect Chinese Hotel	We stayed at sihe hotel with our family in October 2008.We travel with our daughter, age 5. She loved the courtyard hotel very much. It is the beautiful hotel for Beijing as you get the feel for old style China but have the modern amenities you expect. We stayed in Executive room for three nights I think. Our room was spacious enough to enjoy and was beautifully appointed in antique Chinese furnishings. The bathroom had all the modern conveniences. The courtyard was very peaceful and we eat supper in it. How romantic it was in evening! We love the courtyard.The breakfast was very good value-with a very varied range of options for every taste-including hot and freshly cooked eggs and delicious coffee. The staffs speak English excellent and very helpful. They help us to arrange trip and hand luggage. Nothing seemed like too much trouble.The location is very good. Walk about 10 minutes to Wangfujing Street. The hotel is pretty close to Tiananmen Square, the forbidden City, Beihai park, etc. It is very convenient. We love this hotel. We will recommend the Sihe to anyone who wants an authentic Chinese experience while visiting Beijing.	
Oct 5 2008 	very pleasant but overpriced	This was a very pleasant place to stay close to the centre of Beijing. It's a refurbished traditional courtyard home (Sihe) situated in a hutong (lane) that could be said to be a village in the city. The nearest subway station is Dongsi, about 10 minutes easy walk from the Sihe. The room we booked was a small-deluxe which was large enough for two people with minimal luggage, but cramped if you had more. The bed and linen were very comfortable and clean. Broadband internet access via cable and a flat-screen tv with mostly chinese channels. The bathroom was clean and modern but with slightly dog-eared towels and sluggish plumbing in the shower well. The breakfast was very good with an option of Chinese (omlette/noodles/dumplings) or continental style breakfast. The staff were functionally (perhaps impersonably) friendly in the typical Asian way. In all fairness, we considered it to be a bit overpriced for what you might get in comparison to say the Raffles (~40% more), or the Red Lantern Hotel (75% less). The location is excellent, and the Hutong delightful though and a walkable distance from the Forbidden City and the Wangfujing Shopping area.	
Oct 2 2008 	Different authentic Chinese experience but overpriced	We stayed for 4 nights at the Sihe hotel and really enjoyed being in a courtyard style Chinese house (of which there are not many left now in Beijing). The staff were friendly although seemed shy and a little reticent - I think this might explain the previous comment about lack of conversation. However the timid breakfast lady did respond when my husband tried out his fledgling Mandarin with her each day, you just had to make the effort!The room wasn't the largest, in fact it was a strange shape - very long and thin - and stuffed full of antique-style Chinese rosewood furniture including a great four poster bed, which was lovely and comfortable with great crisp white cotton linen. The bathroom was surprisingly modern considering the rest of the property but I'd agree with the previous comment that the towels were not up to scratch - grey and thin with frayed edges. Good walk in shower though. Agree that there was nowhere to put suitcase except on floor.A very good feature was that there were lots of English language listings magazines and weekly local guides (Time Out style) which made you feel a lot more connected to the city and that you knew what was going on and that your info on restaurants, bars etc was totally up to date. Other more upmarket Western chain hotels we stayed in did not provide these sort of magazines.TV only had 2 English channels and one of them had no sound! However you don't come to Beijing and stay in this sort of hotel and then spend time watching TV, you should be out and about exploring!Breakfast was not a huge feast of food although it was replenished if you needed more. With only 12 rooms it's unfair to expect them to put on a massive spread each day. However we are not the earliest risers and this meant our choice was a bit more limited - on days when we got up earlier there was a lot more food on offer.The trip (1 day with a driver ) we booked through the hotel to the Great Wall at Simatai was fine, it was 750yuan which was more than the other Wall locations but this was fair as it's a lot further. From what we could gather, a local taxi driver would probably have charged 700 so a good price to know that it was all arranged by the hotel.The hutong that the hotel is located in is great, as other reviewers have said, you can see authentic hutong life going on all around you. Also the main street (Dongsi Nandajie) is full of funky little shops and really great value local restaurants which were good. Subway station nearby as well as a supermarket and it's about 20mins walk to Tiananmen Sq.All in all this hotel seems pretty unique in Beijing and I would certainly recommend others to choose it over the dull Western chains alternatives. However being realistic when compared to those alternatives the price (we paid around 75GBP a night) is too high for the facilities and service you get. I guess you are paying over the odds for a unique experience. If you're not happy to do this then go elsewhere.	
Sep 24 2008	A different less positive review of this hotel.	Unlike most other reviewers here, I found this hotel to be disappointing and poor value for money - and I have lived in, and travelled extensively across, Asia for six years.The hotel seems to be trading off its image as a quaint, old-fashioned, Chinese style inn, and is charging foreign guests a premium price for what is, in fact, modest &quot;bed-and-breakfast&quot; service and facilities. First, the cost. I stayed for two nights at CNY 880 a night, including service, for a so-called &quot;deluxe&quot; room. I had stayed the previous two nights in an Executive Floor room at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza, currently ranked 1st out of 1,083 hotels in Beijing on tripadvisor.com, for less than a quarter more (CNY 1,094 a night). The comparison could not have been more stark in terms of levels of customer service, facilities and food quality. Do not misunderstand me: I never expected full-service Holiday Inn style facilities at the Sihe, but I did expect service, quality and facilities, in some form, that would justify paying over 80% of the Holiday Inn rate. I had a tiny room (815 I think) at the Sihe, albeit with a large double bed and clean sheets, but with not even enough room for two people to pass each other, and certainly no space for luggage to be properly stored and accessed - and there was absolutely nowhere else to rest a suitcase than on the floor.The bathroom was a square about the width of two small shower cubicles, with stains on the floor from from leaking pipes, thin and fraying towels, and not even enough shelf space to unpack toiletries.The televison was an old cathode ray tube model (flat-screen would have freed some precious shelf-space), with maybe 30 Chinese channels and just HBO and CCTV 9 in English: amazing, considering that it seems to be almost exclusively non-Chinese guests staying here. Free internet access is offered - this worked at first attempt and then was down (along with HBO!) on the second day. Second, the ambience. The staff were never exactly unfriendly, but equally at no point was there even the slightest gesture of friendliness towards us. The &quot;welcome&quot; at reception was a simple: &quot;Can I have your passport?&quot;. Even though my reservation clearly stated that two of us were staying, and two of us arrived together, the hotel assumed it was just me staying (and had gone so far as to remove a set of towels just in case I had dared to use them as well as my own!). When the two of us came back to the hotel later on, the staff must have realised that there were indeed two of us and came chasing after us to get a copy of the second passport (they later presented us with the towels that had been removed).I have no idea if the staff are competent in English - they should be, if they are charging sky-high prices to international visitors - because there was never any conversation or greetings from them. There is also an atmosphere of &quot;We know we have to have guests staying here, but we would rather you weren't here and we don't trust you anyway&quot; about the place: for example, printed labels on the cheap-n-cheerful Lux shampoo bottle to remind us that it &quot;is not a gift&quot; (in other words, don't dare think that you can take it with you!); being followed out onto the street to ask us to check out at 10am even though we had just left our luggage at reception, deposited the key, and had said we were returning a couple of hours later; being asked to sign on arrival a pre-authorisation of 100% of the room charges on my Amex card (this has never happened to me in any hotel anywhere in the world, and certainly did not at the Holiday Inn two days earlier). Third, the breakfast. This is included in the CNY 880 but is poor value - we tried it the first morning, went to McDonalds instead the second morning. Of course the buffet was smaller than at the Holiday Inn, but it was the quality of the food that was such a disappointment - stale bread and cake, oily omelette, packet juice - all very basic and cheap stuff. A timid waitress watched over us eating in the tiny breakfast room, on low stools, never greeted us in any way, and re-stocked items on the buffet only when it was clear there was almost nothing left to choose from. It reminded me of breakfast at some of the youth hostels that I've stayed in. I repeat again that I did not expect five-star, international brand hotel standards, but I did very much expect value-for-money, and my stay was very poor value for money overall. My suggestion for first-time visitors to China, or Asia generally, who want to see and experience an authentic Chinese neighbourhood, is to spend their CNY 880 on a hotel that has facilities to match that price (such as the Holiday Inn) and simply pop across to the Sihe one day to take a few photos inside of the courtyard (which is actually not impressive in any way at all).In fact, the most interesting part of the hotel is what is outside, not inside: watching the daily life of the people who live in the hutong (lane) where the hotel is situated. Bear in mind also the hotel is barely accessible by car - our taxi dropped us on the main road, and we wheeled our bags down the lane to the hotel (a 5-10 minute walk).	
Sep 23 2008 	Solitude in the City	We really enjoyed staying here. The staff is wonderfully friendly and helpful--they even packed us a breakfast when we had to catch an early flight out. The striking thing about the hotel is how quiet it is. Your basically in the middle of Beijing, and once you get to the hotel you really cannot hear any city noise.They have free internet, a decent breakfast (w/ Western options), and the rooms were very clean. We stayed in two different rooms. The standard, which was a little on the small side, but had a newly remodeled bathroom, and a suite. The suite was comparable to the standard in terms of cleanliness and comfort, but it was about twice the size of the standard.The front desk staff also helped us arrange a taxi to the Great Wall at Mutianyu. It's about a 90 minute drive out there, and we had the driver from 9:00 - 5:30 all for around 500 Yuan. Their regular driver was unavailable, but the alternate driver was super nice and he spoke some english. He also took us to a wonderful dumpling place after the trek.If you do this trip, do yourself a favor and take the cable cars up (NOT the ski lift). Head left at your first opportunity, then circle back and take the toboggan down. If you take the ski lift, you will basically be climbing uphill all day long. The hotel is pretty close to Tianamen Square, the forbidden City, Beihei park, etc. We took taxi's to most of these places (the average price being about 15 Yuan ($2.50). To get there, we took the express train from the airport (25 Yuan per person). You need to transfer to the No. 2 at Dongzhimen. Then transfer to the No. 5 at Yonghegong (one stop). From there get off at Dongsi. It's about a 5 minute walk from the Dongsi station. FYI - We took a cab back to the airport and it cost around 80 Yuan (without traffic).Be sure to get the hotel card with its Chinese name written on it. We had a few instances where the taxi's didn't know where it was. You might want to get the Dongsi metro station written in Chinese so that you have a landmark that most taxi's know about.	
Aug 27 2008 	Truly Chinese	We have just returned from Beijing were we stayed in this authentic little hotel situated in the Hutong. It was an amazing experience. The hotel is truly chinese with traditional furniture and atmosphere. On arrival there we were very scepticle of this little alley way and whether it will be safe living in this narrow residential street. Well, well to our surprise, I must admit that the most friendly, helpful and sincere people live in this hutong. The hotel staff were super. Always ready to help and advice when needed. The room was very small, with just enough space to move around the bed but still very clean and authentic. After all you don't live there you only sleep there. The bed was big and comfortable and so was the bathroom. We would go back there any time. Well done Sihe staff, you made our stay very comfortable. Great people!!!	
Aug 13 2008 	What a find!	I booked this hotel on the basis of reviews here in TripAdvisor. And everything that I read was absolutely true. From the front desk personnel to the room itself, this is a fabulous hotel.I booked a triple room. When we arrived we were told we were &quot;upgraded&quot; at no additional cost. I always get a little nervous when I am told I am upgraded for no additional cost. But upon entering the room, 818, what a surprise. If you want to feel as though you are in China and not in a modern hotel that happens to be in China, this is the place to stay.It is located on a hutong. After several days the locals started to recognize us and us them. One problem is that many taxis do not like going into hutongs, so we indicated to the driver that they could leave us off at the main street intersecting the hutong. It's about a five minute walk to the hotel from the street.Maybe I had forgotten when I booked the room, but breakfast was included in our rate. What a wonderful breakfast it was, with both Chinese and western items. And egg dishes made to order.I cannot speak highly enough of the front desk personnel. Jillian and Fay (I believe their names are) were always very helpful and pleasant.The location is very good. Just about a 15 minute walk to the night food market on DongHua Men street. It intersects with a pedestrian mall anchored by Beijing APM mall.All in all, a great place, a great find, and very reasonably priced!	
Jul 25 2008 	Absolutely perfect	This hotel was just what I was looking for in that it was small, in a tradional part of the city, walking distance to tourist things but plenty of real chinese experiences and local resturants (no english tho).the hotel is small with few rooms but had 24hr desk, organised tours, gave good directions and had good drivers.The room I booked was a deluxe double which was perfect for one or two. Dont go there if you want a pool, gym or swanky resturant . This hotel still has free internet, safes, A/C, etc.It was so quiet and leafy in the courtyard and very clean. A relief not to be in a western style high rise hotel.	
Jun 25 2008 	Not suitable for everyone	If the Chinese did B&amp;B's it would look something like this. Not everyone likes B&amp;B's, nor are they suitable for everyone's needs. There is no arguing matters of taste; decide what you want and make your plans accordingly. Viewed through that prism, I shall add my experience to the Great Sihe-Hotel-is-it-Elegant-or-Dumpy Debate.The location, once you--and your hack--overcome the initial *shock* of 1000ft of twisting &quot;hutong&quot; alley, is rather good, not far from the city center and with an interesting street scene all around. The deep set-back from the main road and atrium layout makes the environment very quiet. I printed the locator map (from sihehotel.com) as a 4x6 photo to satisfactory effect but the address in hanzi (??:???????????????5?) is almost like driving directions to get there and should be enough for an experienced cabbie. Inexperienced cabbies will have to call (??:51693555) in any case.The lack of an English speaker at (Chinese) night made changing our arrival date, which required someone from Travelocity to call the hotel, more complicated than it should have been.Our room was in mostly decent condition and the bathroom was modernised. It was, however, cramped: The doors impinged on the furniture and we had to shuffle our luggage around to open any particular piece. One wall had chalking paint that soiled our baggage and, if we were not careful, the contents. I think our room was smaller than most so you may fare better. Look for a booking agent that lists actual room area in square meters or some such.The atrium layout is gloriously pleasant in mild weather but miserable in the rain.The included internet was reasonably good. Ping times were around 100 ms, but with very little variation so the subjective feeling of the connection's quality was better than 100 ms makes it sound.The breakfast was as good as can be expected for a hotel this size. The breakfast room was rather cramped, but all the basics were covered.The tour operator, listed in the lobby but independent of the hotel, was a good buy if you don't have very much time. Seeing all those sights so quickly can be exhausting though.In sum, I would say the service side of the business is for the most part tightly run and they do a reasonably good job compensating for the property's shortcomings. But the limitations of the building are too jarring for me to recommend it without caveat. If this is your first trip to China, look elsewhere. If you are looking for the most luxury features for the dollar, you won't find it here. But if you are an experienced traveller, don't need any business support beyond internet, or are a little more adventurous than most, then consider it.	
May 25 2008 	exquisite hutong experience	My husband and I along with our adult daughter stayed here for five nights in May. While all our hotels during our two week plus visit were memorable for various reasons, this one was fabulous on all points: atmosphere, service, location, value. The hutongs are quickly vanishing: cherish the opportunity to absorb their community spirit by staying in this beautifully kept hotel. Our room was spacious enough to enjoy time indoors, the bathroom had all the modern conveniences one could want, and the courtyard was peaceful and magical in the evening. The service at the hotel is spectacular--do take advantage of the car service from the Beijing airport (the very reasonable cost is added to your hotel bill). The breakfast is delicious, though the small room can be overtaxed at peak times. We are walking New Yorkers so the hotel's location seemed perfect to us. The hotel is not far from a subway station--and the subway system is marvelous. Otherwise, we walked everywhere and were amused that nothing ever stopped the card game around the corner, though the players sometimes rotated. Our son, who is teaching in China, encouraged us to seek out reasonably priced, non-Western hotels during our stay--for price but more importantly for cultural reasons. It was good advice.	
May 19 2008 	Charming Courtyard Hote	We stayed at the Sihe hotel for eight nights in late April. We arranged with the hotel to be picked up at the airport upon our evening arrival, and were delivered to our destination quickly and efficiently. We spent the first three nights in a V.I.P. room, a suite that was beautifully appointed in antique Chinese furnishings. The last five nights we were in a senior deluxe room, also nicely appointed. Both rooms had attractive, functional baths. The beds were very firm, but not uncomfortable. The climate control was excellent. Breakfast was served in a small room that was pleasant, though a bit crowded. A lovely young lady served us, taking orders for omelets or scrambled eggs, and keeping the buffet stocked with steamed dumplings, vegetables, and meats, as well as orange juice, coffee, yogurt, and pastries. My only complaint: They need a larger coffeemaker!The Sihe is a quiet, beautiful establishment that is impeccably clean and friendly. It is a welcome change from standard chain hotels; one know one is in China when one is there. The only real drawback to the Sihe is one that has been frequently cited in other reviews: It is a fair distance from the main street on the Deng Cao hutong, and few taxi drivers were willing to take us past the entrance to the hutong. I would, nonetheless, strongly recommend the Sihe to anyone who wants an authentic Chinese experience while visiting Beijing.	
May 7 2008 	The perfect end to our Honeymoon....	We stayed at the Sihe Hotel at the end of our honeymoon tour of China and can honestly say it the best hotel we stayed in through out our entire trip.The courtyard was peaceful and the perfect place to relax after rushing around Beijing all day. It was particularly pretty and romantic with the soft glow from the red lanterns at night.Our room, though smaller than typical chain hotels was beautifully furnished and we had a great Chinese style four poster bed surrounded in a rich orange silk. On a more practical note the mini bar and laundry service were very resonably priced.The staff in the hotel spoke excellent English and were very helpful arranging trips, taxis and bicycle hire. Nothing seemed like too much trouble.The breakfast each morning was good and there was a wide selection of things to choose from ranging from dumplings to croissants. We also ate dinner one night in the courtyard which was very enjoyable and good value.We enjoyed staying in the Hutong and gaining an insight into everyday local life in Beijing, however many taxi drivers didn't know where the hotel was, so it might be worth asking the hotel to write down the name of the main road in Chinese.All in all we loved this hotel and it was the perfect end to our honeymoon in China - we'd love to go back again one day!	
May 3 2008 	Experiencing the antique Chinese residence	I have just been there for two nights, durling a short business trip to Beijing.Actually, the comments here is the main reason I chose there. And fortunately, it did not disappoint me~~~What impressed me the most is its antique style house, with the bed looks like those exhibited in the forbidden city.The delicate courtyard makes me feel good when waking up at morning.Also, the staff are also very nice, speaking english well, and much pretty~~~~it is a wonderful place if you want to experience the traditional Chinese residence and HUTONGs.	
May 2 2008 	Enchanting	Comfortable, traditionally furnished rooms with real character. Really felt as though we were in Imperial China yet without suffering any of the privations which should go with this. The courtyard gardens were lovely and a great location to make contacts with other travellers and compare experiences. The walk down the hutong was slightly nerve wracking at first - but soon felt relaxed and captivated by the sense of being in a real Chinese community. Room was very quiet. The most outstanding feature of our stay here was however the attentive and friendly service by the beautiful and attentive young women who were running the hotel. The food was very good value -with a very varied range of breakfast options to cater for every taste -including hot and freshly cooked eggs prepared exactly as requested! We also stayed at the larger and much more international 5* Crown Plaza and the larger Bamboo gardens courtyard hotels. Both excellent - but if you really want to stay in traditional China with a fantastic location and personal service - the Sihe cannot be beaten!	
Apr 13 2008 	Perfect Hotel for Beijing-We Loved It!!	My wife and I are just back from Beijing where we stayed at the Beijing Sihe Hotel for 5 nights and we absolutely loved the hotel! It is the perfect hotel for Beijing as you get the feel for old style China but have the modern amenities you expect. We stayed in the smallest room which is quite small but my wife and I did not need a lot of space as we sleep, shower and our own our way.However, the bathroom had been completely renovated with a tiled, steaming hot shower, clean toilet and sink...perfect! The hotel even offers free breakfast which was great as they will cook you eggs, bacon and also have traditional Chinese breakfast items.The staff all spoke English and they offered free internet service. We could not have been more pleased with our stay here.	
Apr 7 2008 	SiHe a great place to stay with children	We stayed her with our family in March 2008. We travelled with our two daughters, age 4 and 7. They loved the courtyard hotel and I would recommend it for families. The rooms are large. We had a standard double room with two large beds, and they brought in a third bed for an additional 110 RMB per night. I would echo all the positive reviews, and add that for our children, they LOVED the hutongs. If you walk out the hutong and onto the main road, Dongsi Nandajie, and turn immediately to your right, you will stumble across a couple of neat shops that will hold young kid's interest. We found a small hair accessories shop, and we stopped every day for a small treat (barret, hairbands, and a couple of cute, stuffed animal) and a bit further up the road, a music shop where we stocked up on CDs. The next hutong up, heading to your right, has a number of small restaurants where we would have a second breakfast..tea eggs, fried bread, porridge. The breakfast at the SiHe was also good. Our girls went for the fried eggs and bacon and the cold, sugared cereal. Everyone was happy.Staff friendly and cheearful. Would recommend this hotel and the Zhong Tang on the other side of town any day over a large chain hotel!	
Feb 23 2008 	It's a Chinese courtyard hotel!	It was a fantastic little place in the middle of Beijing busy hutongs. Clean and comfortable, very peacefull and charming. The people working there were very nice and helpfull, and they all speak english. The food was also excellent.	
Jan 21 2008 	Lived up to all expectations	I stayed here with my boyfriend in early January after wanting somewhere special for a new year reunion....and it didn't disapppoint. We had an executive room on a side courtyard which was really bright and airy and furnished well with traditional wooden items as well as more modern touches like cable TV, fridge, kettle and hairdyer. We also stayed in a standard room on a short trip back there and this again was everything we could have wanted from such a charming and traditionally styled hotel. I agree with a previous reviewer that the bathrooms were a bit chilly but the air con did wonders for heating up the bedroom and the hotel staff very kindly switched it on in advance of us returning home late at night along with a welcoming light. Have to contradict when it comes to the breakfast though - the room was really bright though not huge, all the food was nice and landed pretty much as soon as we did at the table (helps if you tell reception you're heading in there). The hotel staff were nothing but helpful sorting out hotels for us when we moved on and kindly looking for a book i'd mistakenly left behind so I could pick it up a few weeks later. In fact I really couldn't fault the service at all. The hotel is in a really lovely hutong area of Beijing and close enough to everything (especially the tube) for it not be an problem for us but then I don't mind walking for 5 whole minutes to get to the main street as I prefer the quiet of the back roads. I would advise that you grab one of their business cards before heading out if you want to get a cab back though as the hutong isn't well known but once shown to the drivers there was never a problem and they usualy know the main street that it is off. I think the fact that we went back three times during our overall travels in china says a lot about how good this little hotel is.	
Jan 5 2008 	Wildly overrated	My husband and I chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and decided to splurge on their best quarters, a two-room suite with attached bath. It is indeed an elegant courtyard building in a romantic hutong neighborhood, but it is a badly run, overpriced hotel, and although we were too lazy to shift to a new place during our short visit to Beijing, we won't stay there again. Our room was pretty, but so poorly lit we had to go into the fluorescent lit bathroom to look at a map, even in the daytime. The bathroom was extremely cold, and despite the slick modern fittings, had slovenly touches, like a tatty old shower curtain hanging off a badly installed drooping rail, that were typical of the hotel in general. The breakfasts, served in a cramped, grotty little room, were cold, greasy and vile -- in four days we tried all the offerings on the menu. But worst of all, it took up to 40 minutes to be served -- as a tourist you want to be up and out early, not loitering eternally for a plate of cold fried eggs. There were loads of excellent snack stalls in the neighborhood which made the experience more galling. Someone on this site said of someone who'd criticized the Sihe that they should try the Holiday Inn if they want bland Western service. I like the HOliday Inn, but I also like quirky places full of history, and I have lived and traveled all over Asia, so I'm not a rube who can't handle something a little different. If this hotel, which appears to be run by a Singaporean company, is going to charge over $100 for a room, they should run it professionally and invest a little in training their staff properly and fitting it out comfortably. $100, in a city where a cab will take you across town for $5, is a considerable amount of money.	
Dec 29 2007 	Not satisfied	I really don't understand why this place is ranked #1 in Beijing. I have spent ten days in Beijing, staying in several hotels, so I can give recommendations to people coming to my wedding in Beijing next year. First the pros: Yes, it is authentic, cute, and in a traditional and quickly disappearing hutong neighborhood. But now to the cons: - There are no amenities to speak of.- Definitely don't come when it's cold, as the heating in the room and in the breakfast room is not good enough to properly heat up the rooms.- Finding taxis that are willing to drive you back to the hotel is challenging, as they simply don't know the place or how to get there. Similarly, you can't simply step out of the hotel to catch a taxi, no taxis seem to be driving past this place.Of course, all of above is not a big deal for people more interested in history and character than a comfortable stay. However, having myself backpacked for 6 months in the past, I would rate this place an upscale backpacker place, not more. And this place is certainly very much overpriced for an upscale backpacker place.So in conclusion, thumbs down for poor price to quality. You can find much better places for less money in Beijing.	
Dec 13 2007 	Wonderful Place to Stay	Stayed 4 nights at Sihe Hotel in early December. Was anxious whether it would live up to the reviews, but no worries, it did! We were looking to stay somewhere that didn't feel like business travel and that couldn't be anywhere else but China. This was it! We had an executive room on the courtyard - if it weren't freezing cold (and smoggy), that would have been a lovely perk to enjoy - the furnishings were traditional style, the bed a bit hard but it had a gold canopy and was cozy. We enjoyed the Chinese style breakfasts very much. I would advise though that the hotel is hard to find and you will have to help your cab drivers to find it - print out the page from the hotel website with the map. Also, fyi if you're not a big walker, the Sihe is a good 5 minute walk down an alley from the closest main road, and it is a long walk to the closest sites (Lama Temple, Wanfujing St.). Luckily, cabs in Beijing are very reasonably priced! It was also nice to have the free internet, and the staff was SOOOO helpful, they arranged our train travel to Shanghai, helped us with ideas about where to go for meals and sights, etc., and patiently answered all of our questions. We also visited the Great Wall through the hotel's driver service- he drove us to Jinshangling and we hiked from there to Simitai, where he picked us up 5 hrs later (highly recommend if you are pretty nimble!). We were very glad we chose the Sihe Hotel.	
Dec 7 2007 	Sumerssion in the traditional setting	Since I went at the slow season, the hotel is very economical, even for the VIP room. The bathroom is okay, not great, but it is clean. The deco is great, my husband is very pleased with the room, I think they cramp too much ancient furniture into a small space, I would have preferred they do not put the lounge/chinese day bed in the room, because it make the room feel very cramp. The service is okay, they have all the basic services. The food is not bad, but it is not your usual 5 star hotel standard of choices. I think it is suffient.It is great stay after all my comments. I will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 1 2007 	great way to experience beijing	We stayed in Beijing for a week. Staying in a traditional courtyard hotel like the Beijing Sihe in a Hutong turned out to be great for us. You get a real feel for the older Beijing and are only 3 blocks from the modern wide boulevards of the new city. The staff was excellent and helpful. The beds were a bit firm for our tastes, but totally acceptable. Breakfast with other adventurers trading hints each morning was also great. We stayed in two different rooms. The first was a 'deluxe' and was too small to unpack and live in for a week. Luckily they had a larger room (although it had two beds instead of one) that gave us a more comfortable space. Having internet access really made planning each day much easier - although if you don't travel with a laptop - there is an inexpensive 24 hour internet cafe at the end of the hutong on Dongsi Nandajie. Some people have commented about the difficulty getting to this hotel. We called them (using skype) and had them set up an airport pickup for us. The driver took us right to the hotel. After an 18 hour flight - this was really great.Finally - when touring town - we often had a tough time getting taxis to take us back to the hotel using the hotels business card.We found it far more effective to take a picture (see below) of the address of a shop at the entrance to the Hutong on Dongsi Nandajie. We would then just get in the cab and show the driver the picture on the digital camera display. He would drive us right there without any problems.Enjoy.	
Nov 18 2007 	A Beijing Highlight	My wife and I stayed for 6 nights in an Executive Room at the end of September. We wholeheartedly agree with all the positive comments from previous reviews.We loved the difference it provided from the big, bland, sterile chain hotels that are commonplace in Bejing. The executive room was very spacious and I believe they have two of these rooms facing the inner courtyard. The largest room is the VIP room at the north end of the courtyard. I would recommend trying to get an executive room as on a couple of occassions we overhead comments made by other guests about the lack of space in the standard room.Only a couple of negatives:* The head of our bed backed onto a wall that seemed to have running pipes behind it. We worked out the kicthen was probably behind it, so we simple slept at the other end of the bed. * The breakfast became a bit tedious after a while. The 'western' (or whatever similar name it had) breakfast had a Chinese twist to it, so by the end of our stay we were just eating the fruit. The bread was incredibly sweet for our taste.* A little bit tricky for cabs to find, even when you had chinese directions. I would recommend getting the chinese names of the nearest major intersection and than walking form there.We liked some of the local restaurants that are enjoyed by locals, they're very filling and very cheap. Along the major street at the eastern end of Lishi Hutong (which Dengcao hutong is off) there are a number of good eats. For the two of us, three courses with a few beers - cost about 90 RMB. Also there are a number of little shops within the surrounding hutongs that welcome your business. They are so cheap, we would often buy a few beers and sit in the courtyard at night after a long day. The big 750ml bottles of Tsingtao would work out to be about 30 cents (AUD) each! Much better than the mark-ups you get in Western bars.We hired a taxi driver through the hotel to take us to the Jinshanling-Simatai section of the Great Wall. It cost 650RMB, which is cheaper than any other quoted price I could find and you get driven up there (at a breakneck speed) where they wait for you at Simatai to finish the 10km (6 mile) hike. Probably the highlight of our China experience.If you get the chance definitely stay at the Sihe Hotel. The location is great (very central, about 20min walk to Forbidden City) and the staff very friendly and helpful, despite the obvious gaps in English comprehension.For a couple of days we had a wonderful English speaking guide who took us around to where we wanted to go. She was very reasonably priced and had an excellent knowledge of the places of interest. If you want to know more, feel free to send me a message	
Nov 1 2007	Believe the Reviews!	I booked the Beijing Sihe Hotel based on these fantastic reviews. I was very excited, but a little concerned that my mother and I would be disappointed. We were thrilled with everything about the hotel! The staff was friendly and helpful through our entire stay. We left our luggage with the front desk 2 days before we checked in (because we could not take more than one bag on the train) and when we arrived our bags were in our room. The staff went out of their way to make our stay outstanding from finding a restaurant that delivered late at night to arranging a taxi to take us to the airport at 5:00am.The breakfast at the hotel restaurant was wonderful! The Chinese Dumpling Breakfast was one of the best things we ate during our stay in China. A great way to start our day before climbing the great wall. The reviews stated that taxi drivers had difficulty finding the hotel. We had the address written in Chinese characters, and did not have any problem. At the train station, we went through 3 taxi drivers before one knew where it was, but it was quick and the driver who took us easily made it to the entrance to the hutong. Taxis have difficulty fitting down the small alley, so we walked from the entrance to the hotel each time. It was a short walk, and well worth it! Overall, this hotel was fantastic! I will stay here again next time I visit and cannot wait to stay here with my husband. My mother and I loved every minute of it! Believe everything you've read! Stay at the Sihe!!!	
Oct 28 2007	Fantastic authentic hotel	Stayed here with my husband for three nights at the beginning of October. I cannot add much more to the reviews already written, as it really is as good as they all say. When our taxi driver drove off the main roads to go down little alleyways, and had to stop several times to ask people where it was, I was slightly worried but no need as it is a little gem of a hotel, in a traditional Beijung hutong (laneway) and only two minutes walk to a main shopping street. The hotel is small but beautiful, all of the rooms set around a courtyard, It is prettily lit with red lanterns at nighttime. We were in a room fronting on to the hutong and this was our only complaint-it was extremely noisy, especially as there was a house being built across the road and digging and drilling took place at all hours of the night! But this was just unfortunate-if you had any other room this would not be a problem. The room was small but cosy. There is a free connection for internet if you have your own laptop-a big plus for us. Finally the staff were very helpful, booked restaurants for us on several occasions and were always ready with advice and maps. Given the price this is unbelievable value for an authentic Chinese experience.	
Oct 18 2007	Excellent	The many reviews already written are very representative, and were the reason that we stayed here. Not at all disappointed. We found the staff very friendly and very helpful. This hotel is for those who want to experience China, not another generic, high end hotel in a big city. Some of the comments had me wondering whether we'd have some trouble finding it. Our taxi from the airport had some trouble, but it was quickly and easily resolved by the driver with a call from his cell phone. The hotel is very conveniently located. The city center is within walking distace. This was our first trip to China, and we'll be coming back.	
Sep 13 2007 	romantic advanture	If you are looking for an adventure this is it. We went to China in August on our honeymoon. I talked my hasband into staying here for one day. He was shaky about &quot;traditional&quot; hotels. We loved it. Our room with the canope bed was just like the ones in palace. The bed was great. Bathroom was OK: clean, simple, in working order. The yard outside had roses and a date tree full of dates. Older couple enjoyed their coffee and paper there. Ones you hind your way out of the labirinth of small sreets you will find a wide avenue with bright shops and restaurants. We will come back for our anniversary.	
Sep 3 2007 	Real Chinese Experience	We loved this little hotel ! We booked one of the more basic rooms for our 4 night stay but were more than happy. It was a large room in the corner of the courtyard with a massive bathroom (fantastic shower), mini fridge, tv etc and a brilliant aircon.We loved the authenticity of the place and the helpfulness of the staff - they could not do enough for you !Would definetly recommend to anyone wanting to experince Beijing and not just a bog standard chain hotel	
Sep 2 2007 	Peaceful and tranquil yet right in the heart of Beijing	We also booked our stay in this hotel because of the posItive reviews already submitted by other Trip Advisor members. We were so happy that we did. This hotel does not disappoint. Our room faced out onto the lovely, quiet courtyard. When we were having our breakfast there the only other occupants were the sparrow- type birds. The hutongs are really interesting and safe and it is such a shame that they are fast disappearing to make way for `progress'. Our bathroom was great. Modern, clean and well stocked. The staff all spoke English well and were extremely helpful. We booked a taxi to Simatai through the hotel and the driver was terrific. Friendly, helpful and a safe driver. If we are lucky enough to return to China we would certainly stay again in this hotel.	
Aug 25 2007 	Highlight of our China trip	I booked this hotel on the strength of the other reviews on this site, which give an accurate picture of a very unusual property. If you are a little bit adventurous, and don't want a hotel that could be in downtown Chicago, go for it. If you have doubts about an interesting local (very safe) neighborhood, or if you want a glamorous reception area and a luxurious breakfast, don't. I personally would never stay anywhere else in Beijing. The courtesy and helpfulness of the staff, who even sorted out a furious and voluble taxi driver who had picked us up in the pouring rain and then wanted us somehow to dry off his seat covers on arrival, was exceptional. The hotel car and driver (650 RMB for a whole day at Simatai Great Wall) was a superb and economical arrangement for three of us (and they could have taken four). They do your laundry on the same day, and it comes back sealed in little plastic packages!We had one of the Big Deluxe rooms opening off the main courtyard during our first 5 night stay, and the one on the opposite side during our 2 night return visit. They are identical, and very charming. There is a little fridge, working internet access, a room air-conditioner, a great bathroom with lots of hot water, and good furniture. The bed has rather startling silk curtains, but is very comfortable. The VIP room also opens on the main courtyard: the other, smaller rooms are in side corridors, and maybe are less charming, though everyone we met at breakfast seemed very satisfied. I found it hard to figure the room configuration out from the Sinohotel website, but when we got there I was glad that I had sprung for the more expensive rooms, and enjoyed breakfast in the courtyard. We paid 980 RMB (yuan) a night. Sinohotel were helpful when I wanted to change my arrangements, and unlike Expedia they did not ask for all the money upfront.I hesitated to write this review since the hotel is a hidden gem that will soon be besieged by tourists, but I decided not to be a dog in the manger. Go, enjoy, be charmed, and feel you have really been to Beijing.	
Aug 19 2007 	Just Excellent! Loved it.	Ditto all the previous excellent previous reviews. If you dislike Sheratons and like small, funky hotels with a more personal touch, this is for you. We stayed 4 nights and loved it. Reception staff were awesome and very helpful. Book your trip to the Great wall with them. Good value. Brand new car and friendly driver.Rooms are a bit small, but very clean. Breakfast in the courtyard every morning was a nice way to start the day. Oldbackpack	
Aug 9 2007	great authentic chinese hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights in July.The rooms were small, but it was worth it to be right in the middle of a real hutong, or neighbourhood in Beijing.The front desk staff was very helpful, they went over and above, and would translate everything to the taxi drivers for us.Most of the taxi drivers got lost trying to find it, but that was part of the adventure, and not a problem.Breakfast was included every morning. The western breakfast was average, but that is more than likely the case in most places in China.We rented bikes for very cheap and rode to the forbidden city which took about 20 minutes.I agree with a previous reviewer that if you are looking for a 5 star hotel, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a great place to experience the real people of China and to know that you are in Beijing when you wake up, and not just another hotel, this is the place for you.	
Jun 25 2007 	Wonderful hotel in the heart of old Beijing	We had a fantastic 2 night stay here. This is a real treasure and exceeded our expectations - the photos on here don't really do it justice. The location is fantastic. You really get the feeling of being immersed in the history &amp; culture of the real Beijing by staying here but at the same time you're only a few minutes away from great shopping &amp; major tourist sights. The staff are really helpful &amp; speak excellent English.There's little to say that hasn't already been written in other reviews because I fully agree with everything else on here. Make no mistake, if your perfect holiday is the luxury of places like Sheratons &amp; Shangri-La's this probably isn't the place for you. Having said that, this was our 4th hotel in China - the other 3 were all 5 star &amp; offered luxuries not available here, but the character here is what you stay for &amp; I would definitely stay here again.You can walk from here to Tainenmen Square &amp; the Forbidden City although it's probably a 20 to 30 minute walk so take your comfortable shoes! Compared to places like Hong Kong we didn't find Beijing a particularly easy place to get round. The underground has very limited coverage &amp; as previous reviewers have said a lot of taxi drivers only want to take you if it's a long journey. The bus service is by all accounts fantastic but we opted to walk most of the time and we found the walk through the Hutongs back to the hotel one of the highlights of our trip.	
Jun 18 2007 	Sihe is even better than expected!	this is the first review i've ever written for a place i have stayed but i found previous reviews very helpful and accurate when planning my solo trip to beijing so i hope to contribute to another travelers positive experience as well.i was looking for a &quot;real place to stay&quot; ; an authentic place that looked nothing like the ritzy hotels or chains nearby and i found it here at the sihe. it was quiet and comfortable......even though the beds are a bit hard. the couryard experience is just what i was looking for; tucked away in a hutong forcing me to participate in daily life. i arrived at 10pm, and when my driver took a turn into the dark alley i was a bit nervous, but for no reason really.......i immediately took a quick walk...old and young were walking and talking and others were playing checkers, and eating snacks. i soon realized that it was very safe and never had another thought about the location.addionally, there were several couples of women staying in the sihe while i was there......i say this because it seemed they were comfortable and felt safe.....always a good benchmark.i made my reservation several weeks ahead of time, and stayed for 10 days. i had to move rooms several times, because of scheduling (the same room wasn't available for my whole stay), but i really liked that......definitely stay in the vip suite if possible....it's just awesome!.bathrooms are modern and clean, staff is wonderful and helpful always, the driver is great and i would suggest having someone at the desk always write out directions to and from restaurants you are going to or shops, etc....(in chinese)...because it is true that cab drivers have problems with directions and maps unless it is in chinese and clear. i picked up a business card from a clothing shop at the entrance to the hutong and this facilitated an easy return to my area after being out for the evening.i traveled by myself to beijing, and found it very easy and the people helpful and nice. i would love to return to beijing and would hightly recommend the sihe and will definitely stay there again.the hotel recommended some great inexpensive dumpling shops nearby and also treat yourself to a &quot;blindman massage&quot;....they have a card in the lobby for that as well!!i was celebrating my birthday in beijing and several of the receptionists surprised my by presenting me with a birthday cake. now that's nice!	
Jun 18 2007	Perfect	I read the good reviews of Sihe but was still nervous about it. I can't express how great it was! The setting was authentic, the room was gorgeous (we stayed in a deluxe room), and the staff were genuinely interested in helping us. Each morning we ate our breakfastin the patio. It was the perfect retreat. I loved walking down the little alley (hu tong) that lead to the hotel. Do not hesitate to stay here. The only problem you will have is with taxi drivers being able to find the place. However, if you have the hotel phone number, the drivers can call to get directions. Also, once you get there it is better and much easier to use the subway system in Beijing. We discovered that many cab drivers couldn't read or were unwilling to drive shorter distances (a problem we didn't encounter in Shanghai). Finally, we booked the hotel through Sinohotel.com and did not have any problems.	
Jun 6 2007 	Central Comfortable Value for money	Just got back from a 2 nights stay. It is really a gem of a place. Not for those who wants a big hotel buffet breakfast and a glitzy lobby. Location is very central, yet, atmospheric, has cable TV and internet , rooms are clean and air-con works well, shower and bathroom very clean, we liked the firm bed mattress. Beautiful bed and furniture we wish we could take home! Staff very helpful, and if you want to go to the Great Wall, get their driver Mr Lu, calm and competent driver, clean, nice smelling car - that's not always the case in China!. Also, try booking the dirver directly with the hotel, you'll probably save a bit on the cost than trying to book through your agent/ website.	
Jun 4 2007 	A real gem !	The Sihe hotel is a real gem !This was my first stay ever in Beijing and I had to be there for a week. My first idea was to book a room at one of the larger and well-known hotels, where I would certainly find a good enough room ( and without any local charm ).Looking at the reviews of trip advisor however, I decided to try my luck at this smaller hotel and I haven't regretted this decission at all !I booked myself one of the two &quot;executive&quot; rooms. These are very spatious and have direct access to the central courtyard. The furniture is Chinese (be assured the bed is long enough for westerners of more than 1m80 ;-) and gives you this splendid local charm I was looking for.Although the house itself dates back to the days of the Quing Dynasty, the hotel offers all modern luxuries: clean room, bathroom with bath and western toilet, internet access, the works...There is no buffet-style breakfast, but every morning you can choose between four kinds of breakfast (two being western-style and two being eastern-style). The offered choices change every two days.The staff is very friendly and helpfull. Their English is also more then adequate.	
May 24 2007 	unique hutong stay in Beijing	I had a some qualms about adding another great review, but...this is a unique, intimate inn from the Qing Dynasty, right in the middle of a residential Beijing hutong not too far from Wangfujing and the Forbidden City. There are only a few rooms, each different, outfittedwith traditional furniture surrounding atmospheric garden courtyards in gracious Chinese style. Once you enter it's truly a different world from the noise, pollution and hectic pace outside. You feel like you're stepping back in time to a Beijing that is rapidly disappearing. The rooms include a free internet hookup. Minibar and laundry prices are extremely reasonable, rooms are clean and comfortable, the plumbing is modern and works well, the staff is great, you get a simple, yet homemade breakfast, you can rent bikes...what else can I say?Obviously if you are looking for a large hotel with room service, restaurants, shopping and glitz, this isn't the place to stay. I alsowouldn't recommend it for those who have trouble walking or getting around since there are steps and thresholds to navigate. But if you're even a little bit adventurous you'll find it a rewarding experience.As other reviews have mentioned, taxi drivers tend to puzzle over the address, even using the hotel's address card. I opted for the airport pickup on arrival -- pricier than a taxi but absolutely hassle-free. When returning to the hotel by taxi I suggest getting dropped off at the intersection of Dongsinan and Dengcao Hutong and making the short walk to the hotel.	
May 22 2007 	Great Hidden Gem	My wife and I spent one night at the Si He Hotel - May 20th 2007. I wish we could have stayed longer. We booked a package tour from Hong Kong with Dragon Air. The package took us to the Park Plaza for the first two nights. This hotel is about a 5 minute taxi ride from that hotel.The Si He is a bit hard to find, but once you've arrived it really is an oasis. The rooms are spacious and have AC, TV and mini bar. The courtyard is a great place to sit back and have a beer of a cup of tea. I'd recommend stopping at the cigarrette store at the top of the street. My wife and I bought 3 Tsing Tao beers and 2 ice creams for 10 yuan! The breakfast is served by the plate - eggs, bacon and toast along with juice and fruit. The breakfast is not great.My only complaint would be that the bed are a bit hard, but that is a matter of personal choice. If you're looking for a unique experience and are willing to live w/o room service and other full service facilities - gym/pool etc I'd recommend giving it a go.Lastly, the staff at this hotel are excellent. The housekeepers and front desk staff provide a level of service that 5 star properties would be proud of.Good luck in your travels.	
May 20 2007 	Loved this hotel!	This hotel is fantastic! Just completed my stay there and I would recommend it to anyone! The staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere speaks volumes! If you can, do stay here!	
May 1 2007 	fantastic night	This hotel was a traditional style chinese hotel,in the middle of beijing, Hard to find but well worth the trouble. This was the very best hotel I have ever stayed in it was quite and secluded, even though it was in the city you could not hear the traffic,The staff were friendly and help full and the room was well furnished and really clean. and sitting out side in the evening was so relaxing. My only regret was that I had only one night here.	
Apr 28 2007 	Go here		
Apr 24 2007 	Great atmosphere		
Apr 1 2007 	Best kept secret		
Mar 9 2007	Wonderful hotel!		
Feb 1 2007 	A true Beijing Experience		
Jan 11 2007 	Cozy hotel in frigid weather		
Nov 9 2006 	Best hotel in Beijing		
Sep 13 2006 	Just beautiful		
Feb 27 2006	Charmed by the Beijing Si He Hotel		
Nov 6 2009 	??????		
May 22 2009 	Trop cher pour ce que c'est		
May 9 2009 	Deconseillé aux claustrophobes...		
Mar 31 2009 	????????????		
Jul 7 2008 	Superbe havre de paix		
Jun 2 2007 	Klein und ruhig mitten im Zentrum		
