Oct 18 2009 	I'll stay here again !	I recently stayed at L'Appartment Hotel for a long weekend with my wife and 16 year old son. I booked a 1 bedroom suite which was very spacious and comfortable,had a well equipped kitchen, free wireless internet, and flat panel TV . The hotel also offers an indoor rooftop pool which was much larger than I expected and an outdoor deck. Continental breakfast is included in the room rate. I was extremely pleased with the accommodations and will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	PERFECT for those seeking the bare neccessities 	Depending on the traveler, this hotel can be a great value or a great disappointment. For my wife and I, it was an excellent value &amp; exceeded our expectations. We are not wealthy travelers who are accustom to luxury, however we have more needs than the average college-student / back-packer hotel guest. We are somewhere in-between those extremes, and so is this hotel. It's not too expensive, not too fancy, but has more than enough comfort and convenience, and everything you need, including spacious rooms, helpful staff, cleanliness, parking (costs extra but worth it), free internet access, breakfast, convenient location (to public transportation, and restaurants).... As well as air-conditioning, great water pressure, and quick elevators. I don't have a single complaint. Worth every penny!	
Sep 24 2009 	Very good value	Pros: Huge and clean room, which included a pretty well equipped kitchenette and a big brand new LCD TV, helpful, nice and courteous staff (including the efficient maids -something not very easy to find elsewhere-). good breakfast, nice swimming pool, good location.Cons: If anything, dated and noisy window A/C, slow and smallish elevators, less than adequate fitness facilities.Overall: Very good value accommodation	
Aug 14 2009 	Grate hotel 	i recommend this hotel for a long stay especially if you are moving around the county.we are a family of ( 2 adults and 3 kids) where the appartment was roomy to take all of us generosity.the service was great, i got a good price for 1 bedroom apartment from the hotel directly for 30 days (mid July till mid Aug) including the breakfast buffet, internet access, and indoor pool in the rooftop.the housekeeping services was there all the time.The hotel is located in the top middle of the downtown, it was so easy to reach every thing by walk.. to the metro.i rented a car and the parking was available under the building was close for me.they have a great size indoor pool for free, washing and dryer machines (payable).since my apartment was in the third floor the only thing i can say is the bedroom (with ceiling fan) was not airconditioned to reduce the streat noise while we are sleeping while the living room was airconditioned .. so ask for higher floors apartment ... the 10th and above.	
Aug 13 2009 	Convenient Friendly and A Real Bargain	I am a former Montrealer and until recently never really needed to stay in a hotel in my beautiful city. This hotel was never on my radar screen but now I want to let everyone know what a find it is. Affordable ($139 CAD) and convenient, close to shopping and the subways and best of all great restaurants on St Denis!. The room came with well supplied kitchen including a real stove. The room was clean and pleasant and breakfast was served daily. Big plus was free internet. What more can you ask for? The parking was $18 and I had a few issues parking in the garage but all in, I will return to this hotel again.	
Jul 16 2009 	great place to stay..........	i was relocated from my home due to water damage and i stayed at this hotel for 28 days our stay was great .i stayed in the 2 bedroom suite on the 16 floor and the views were amazing the staff was very friendly and polite. the hotel was extremely clean.after researching many hotels there rates were pretty reasonable.on may occasions my stay had to be extended and the hotel staff was very accommodating i would definitely recommended this hotel i would have to say my stay was excellent.	
Jun 10 2009 	You could do better for the money / terrible service	My husband and I have stayed here before with much success. The hotel has really gone down overall in service and cleanliness. We were quite dissapointed.We stayed in a suite. It was very warm. They had an old ineffecient ac only in the living area. The bedroom was too hot to sleep. The fan was broken on high speed and the window would not open. We asked for them to fix it until we went down again hours later and a different man was there. The room was generally old and musty. No one is there to help you with your bags. The women at the front desk couldn't understand my reservation and there was mixup as to a prior cancellation.Also, I became quite ill in the hallway near my room and my key did not work. The maid refused to let me in my room. The sent another women up who was quite rude and refused to let me in my room also. After 20 minutes they sent the manager up after a great deal of panic and begging to let me in. I finally became sick all over myself in the hallway. Even after that incident the manager insisted he see an ID. After the humilation and begging they let me in. My husband finally came out of the room and sternly let the office now our displeasure. We immediately left the hotel and will never return. I don't think I have ever been treated that poorly in any service environment. Considering a low to medicore interior and awful service environment it just not worth saving an extra 20.00 dollars when there are lovely hotels close by.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great hotel	Our family stayed here for 3 nights and had a great time. The room was spacious and clean -- and we enjoyed having the kitchen. The pool is fabulous, and the location of the hotel is very good.	
Sep 15 2008 	Watch out for heat waves!!	We booked 2 suites for two families with 1 and 2 kids ages 5-8. The rooms are spacious enough, and a kitchenette is a plus to keep some milk for the kids, and wine and cheese for the grown-ups. Location is not bad (a few blocks south and west would have been perfect), but it's very difficult to park in front of the hotel to load/unload on arrival and check-out. Long-term parking is rented from the other hotel across the street. Rooms are plenty spacious and fairly clean, although our bedding didn't get changed during our 3 night stay. The staff is pleasant, but help with luggage does not exist. Breakfast is reasonable. The pool on the top floor was a nice feature, kids really unwound there after the day of sightseeing.Two worst things about this hotel: AC and elevator. We were unlucky to get 90F in Motreal at the end of August, our 1 bdrm suite only had one tired, noisy, inefficient AC in the living room. The fan in the bedroom vibrated too much to sleep under it safely. We opened the window with little relief - just to be awaken by a construction on the street at 5:30 AM (another example of bad luck). The hallways are also not airconditioned.There are only two small, slow elevators for the entire buildings, and they are heavily utilized by maintenance staff, whose linen carts take up entire space. We never bothered to wait for the elevator to go down, but you could spend 10 minutes (really) waiting if you want to use it.Overall, it's an average discount property in a reasonably good location, OK if you travel with kids, but I would stay away from it during the summer.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good place to stay.	This is a very reasonably priced hotel on Sherbrooke St. Sainte-Catherine Street was an easy walk away, as well as Crescent Street. We enjoyed being able to cook our own meals and have a bedroom separate from the living space. Room was a good size for the two of us. Pros: - Free internet (can borrow an Ethernet cable from the front desk) - Full kitchen in your room to prepare meals- Free contentinental breakfast, - balconyCons: - parking garage was unavailabe so we had to park at another hotel across the street (temporary problem) - we were on the second floor (206) and it was quite noisy - request a higer floor if possible.Overall, we would stay here again.	
Aug 1 2008	Mostly great!	Young couple stayed here for 10 nights during July 2008, for a vacation in Montreal during the comedy season (Just for Laughs). Perhaps unusually, we wanted to make a lot of our own meals, and needed to work a fair amount on our laptops.The location was great, on the main Rue Sherbrooke artery, near some major museums, and a reasonable walk to much of the city. There's a Provigo supermarket a couple of blocks away which was fantastic for buying food, and lots of cafes and eateries nearby (check out Avenue du Parc).Room was OK - nothing special design-wise, but it did the job. Kitchen was compact and had everything we needed, bathroom was fine too. We had a problem with the kitchen tap leaking, which they fixed immediately, except it never went completely cold after that. I couldn't be bothered complaining again, and we filled the kettle from the bathroom tap.We were on the 4th floor, with our window/balcony at the side of the building (not on Sherbrooke). This made the room pretty dark, and also left us near a huge noisy outdoor industrial fan. As a result we couldn't really concentrate on working with the windows or balcony door open - annoying. If you're going to spend considerable time in your room, worth asking for a high floor.Internet worked fine - EtherNet rather than WiFi.Breakfast was pretty good - like most places in North America, it was a bit of a carb-fest, but there was always fruit and fruit juice available. Worth getting to breakfast early - at around 9am there was generally no space to sit down, which meant either loitering around, or taking a tray up to our room. Judging by breakfast, the crowd at the hotel seemed mostly to be couples, often with kids.Lifts were a pain. With two to serve 16 floors, and the maintenance staff sharing them with the guests, we often had to wait 5+ minutes for a lift to arrive. And when one did, it was often filled up by a housekeeper and a huge wheeling laundry bin. From the 4th floor, going down stairs made more sense.Pool was great and a fair size - often had it all to myself during the morning or early afternoon. In the evening there was usually at least one family with kids using it, which meant no space to swim full lengths. Roof deck off the pool was very pleasant, although it is fairly unprotected and could get windy.One other minor annoyance - on checkout there was a phone call on our bill from the first day. We were surprised but didn't argue since we were in a rush and it was only a few $s. We realized afterwards it was probably left from the people who checked out of the room a few hours before we checked in. Hotel should be more careful about that. In general however, no complaints about the staff who were courteous and friendly.Bottom line: at the price, this was a great place to stay, with a few annoyances as above. It's also worth considering Le Square Phillips, the somewhat more upmarket (and expensive) sister establishment, which is located more towards the business district.And a tip: Check for deals on www.tourisme-montreal.org - we used the &quot;Sweet Deal&quot; which gave us a 16%ish discount.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great location great people!	Very friendly staff, and in a great location. A couple blocks from the Fine Art museum, a couple blocks from the Contemporary Museum in the other direction, a couple blocks from the main drag on St. Laurent and a couple blocks from the metro to take you to old Montreal.Beautiful rooftop pool and beautiful rooftop deck with a patio that over looks Mount Royal.Overall, we loved it here. Only complaint would be that the bed in our studio was really hard. But I still slept alright!	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Hotel!	We just came back from a week-long vacation in Montreal. The overall experience was just great! The food, jazz festival, weather, etc. could not be any better. Same goes for the hotel. Check-in took not more then 5 minutes plus they have upgrated us from 1Br to 2Br with no extra charge! We didn't even have to ask! We had a large vehicle, so our parking was across the street. At all times we felt very safe and comfortable. Breakfast was pretty decent and if you didn't want to eat in the breakfast room on the 1st floor you could take it to your room with no questions asked. Our kids used the pool every day of our stay there. Pool was very clean, water warm, and always plenty of towels available. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 9 2008 	Very nice hotel!	Am staying at the hotel now with my family. The rooms are clean, and in great condition. Overall, I think it is a great place to stay; in fact, I moved from another hotel to stay here.Here are the pluses and minuses, in my opinion.Pluses* Good location (close to restaurants and fun things)* Pool* Very nice, tastefully appointed rooms - big and recently refurnished* Staff is super nice* On-site parking that you do yourself, so you don't have to keep on tipping some valet or wait for your car* They don't charge for local calls (but do for 800 numbers)* High speed internet (but not wireless)* Balconies* Squeaky clean and nice smelling everywhere I've lookedMinuses* lots of construction going on and is quite a bumpy ride to access their parking garage* &quot;exercise room&quot; consists of 2 or 3 treadmill machines next to the sun-drenched pool, with no tv or anything. Needless to say, it gets very steamy with the sun and the pool heat, at least in summer.* breakfast is all foods from the supermarket, e.g. kind of stale croissants, cereals, yogurt with lots of sugar and fruit. If you are looking for food, rather than food products, this breakfast is not the best. * Building is under-elevatored (i.e. you have to wait a long time at times) but so is every hotel I have visited here in Montreal.* No ramp up to building, so if you are in a wheelchair or have a stroller (we have a stroller), it is hard to get in. This is apparently true of all of Montreal though; they barely have curb cuts here - forget about ramps. Who knew the US could be more progressive than Canada!* No dishwasher in our room, don't know about others...	
Jul 1 2008 	Just Right!	I booked this hotel to coincide with a trip to the Montreal Jazz Festival this past weekend, and my friend and I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay! We were within 5 minutes walking distance of the festival, so the location was ideal. Even if you aren't going to the festival, it's right in the middle of downtown, and we were close enough to walk to the park, the Latin Quarter, the old town, and to some of the coolest streets in the city. The hotel served a good continental breakfast- cereal, fresh fruit, juice, toast, bagels, etc. We stayed in the basic room with one bed, and the best part was definitely the small kitchen area. It had a refrigerator, stove, microwave, and also included bowls and plates and cutlery. There is a grocery nearby, and we went there one night to make our own dinner. The front desk staff were very helpful when we asked about side trips from Montreal, and they even called a few places for us that we wanted to visit. We had a balcony room, which was a nice surprise. The only drawback, and it's a minor one, is that there is a single computer available for use, so you might be waiting depending on if there's a line. We had rented a car, and they gave us daily parking tickets to park at a nice hotel garage across the street. It cost $18 a day, and we could come and go as we pleased with no additional cost. I would stay again at this hotel if I went back to Montreal! If you book it, check out the visit Canada website (or tourism Canada, I can't remember the exact site) for a discount. Ours was called 'Sweet Deal' and we received the 4th night half price, and they also gave us a welcome bag of Montreal maple syrup products on our arrival.	
Oct 23 2007 	Good location and great value	I stayed at L'Appartement from Oct. 17th to Oct. 23rd in one of their studio suites. For $133 per night plus tax, I was able to get a clean, comfortable suite in a good location in downtown Montreal.In addition to the usual things one would expect from a hotel suite, the studio suite included a kitchen and free in-room Internet access for those with a laptop computer. Network cords are available from the front desk if needed.Other facilities available in the hotel include an infrequently used pool on the top floor with views of the city, several exercise machines and a sauna. On the main floor, guests can also avail themselves of both a buffet-style continental breakfast (M-F 6:30-9:30, weekends 7:00-10:00) and a one-computer business centre at no extra charge. Service was consistently polite.The McGill Metro station, McGill University, Parc du Mont-Royal, Place Ville-Marie, the stores on Rue Ste.-Catherine and the McCord Museum are all within a brief walk. A Provigo supermarket is just down the street and around the corner on Avenue du Parc if you need groceries. The L'Aerobus shuttle stops here, and other tourist shuttles either stop here or at one of the three neighbouring hotels.The only negatives were that the walls were a bit thin, and my swimsuit still smelled strongly of chlorine even after rinsing. But those are just minor things. Overall, it was a pleasant stay.	
Sep 30 2007	L'Appartement Montreal	Family of 3 recently spent 3 nights at this wonderful appartment hotel in downtown Montreal.We walked in after we didn't like the rooms at the nearby Best Western on Sherbrooke.We stopped on Sherbrooke at this location where there are 5 hotels - the Marriot Courtyard,The Holiday Inn,The Delta,the Sheraton 4 points and L'Appartment.We started here and never got to see the rest! We got a one bedroom suite for the price of a studio - the rooms are large and airy'with a modern shower/bath and a great kitchen with all mod cons.We paid 139 CAD + Tax + $18 per day for garage parking for our rental car.Definitely a great find in pricy Montreal!	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Bargain in Downtown Montreal	Had a very pleasant stay at this hotel for four nights.No, it's not a luxury hotel at all, but of course the price indicates that. What you get here is a clean suite, a balcony, the option of parking, continental breakfast, free internet and convenience when it comes to the metro and downtown attractions.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Internet service was reliable. The room was clean. LOVED having a well stocked kitchen if only for the convenience to pick up a few snacks at the supermarket (which is just down the street).The location was perfect. 5 minute walk to two metros. Easy walk to the shops on Ste Catherine. Nice walk to restaurants on St Laurent. Comfortable walk (minus the hills!) to Mont Royal. Even walked back to the hotel from the Old Montreal one evening.The one downside was the continental breakfast. Montreal is known for great bagels and croissants, why serve regular old supermarket bagels when you have access to Fairmount and St. Viateur? Croissants were equally unappealing. Juice is obviously from concentrate or juice crystals. The breakfast works if you like a mediocre carb fest in the morning.Would stay there again in a flash. Check the montreal tourism board website for any special promotions. That's what we did and got an even better deal!	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Deal!	Booked 2 two bedroom Suites for my bachelor party, and it worked out real nice. We stayed in Rooms 1109 and 1209, and while the beds were a little small -- 11 people fit in the 2 rooms just fine.There were plenty of towels, and the fridge was a regular size, perferct for storing beer.Location was top notch -- everything was with 10 blocks and definately walkable.The staff was very friendly (and only charged us at the room rate of 2 people per room).Lastly, breakfast was included (and is open to any one/group who has a room key to get into the breakfast room.) While it wasn't spectacular (mainly toast, cereal, muffins, starch, etc.) it was the right price.	
Sep 3 2007 	A Great choice	We were very pleased with this hotel and have nothing to criticise.The entrance is rather formal and the desk staff are very professional, (though friendly and helpful) so you would think you were in a business hotel as you go in.Our room was spotless, well appointed and perfectly large enough for us two. The kitchenette has everything you need.We had a balcony that looks out onto Sherbrooke Street west. It was nice to have but small, and, I found, a bit vertiginous. If you want to sit outside its better to go up to the penthouse where next to the pool there’s a rooftop deck with views over the City and nearby Mont Royale.A good continental breakfast is provided. It’s plentiful, though not very variedThe hotel is certainly in a popular spot. There is a Sheraton next door, a Holiday Inn and a Marriott across the road; and a Hilton is going up next to that. It’s an easy walk to the subway, McGill University, the underground City and the information place on Dorchester square – and only a moderate walk to the waterfront and the Old city. There are plenty of restaurants nearby, and a supermarket. We parked in the basement for 18 dollars a day (plus taxes, of course).Free internet access and computer are provided in the breakfast room which was very convenient for us, on vacation.	
Aug 27 2007 	Suite bargain	I stayed with friends at the L'appartement Hotel in July, and was extremely happy with the hotel's amenities and location. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite, complete with kitchenette, queen bed in the bedroom, and double sofa bed in the living room. The suite was huge and very clean with nice views of Montreal. The Metro was a 5 minute walk, and we were in walking distance of the shopping and restaurant districts. Very pleased with the property, the location, and the service. Would be a great bargain for a family at $120 a night, but note that that price doesn't include taxes, and in the end we payed almost $200 a night. Still a good deal for what you get.	
Aug 20 2007 	Wanted to love it but . . .	I so very much wanted to love this hotel. Last year we had a wonderful experience at the (jointly owned) Square Phillipe, and I had these grand ambitions of single-handedly raising the TA ranking of this poor overlooked hotel. However, after our 3 day stay, I agree that this hotel is really just a 3 star hotel.Our 2 bedroom suite was easily 600 square feet and had a beautiful view. However only one of the bedrooms had air conditioning (and a small window unit at that) There was also only one television, and that was in the living room. The kitchen was fully stocked with everything we needed (A grocery store is a short 2 block walk) and the dining area was large enough for a pack-n-play for my toddler. We slept 5 people no problem. (I thought the pull-out sofa was uncomfortable but my 9 year old didn't mind it) The biggest con of this hotel is the elevators. There are only 2 very small elevators to service 17 floors. Our wait at peak times was often 10 minutes or more. I found the breakfast to be very adequate (bagels, cereal, coffee, juice, muffins, fruit) for a continental. Additionally the breakfast room had a computer with internet and a printer available 24/7 for guest use. The rooftop had a small inddor pool and laundramat which was also a nice added feature.I also liked the location very much, a short walk to the metro, the contemporary art museum and some very nice restaurants. However I would choose the Square Phillipe over LeAppartment next time.	
Aug 20 2007 	adequate	adequate rooms, nothing special. for the price you can probably get something closer to the 'old port'. Staff very helpful breakfast was decent. Would probably stay closer to 'old port' next time.	
Aug 10 2007 	Disappointing	Our recent stay here was only OK; no more no less. Problems included a suite with only a room air conditioner in the living room leaving the bedroom uncomfortable, an incredibly hard and noisy bed which left us sore in the morning, parking in the hotel across the street (not too convenient in the rain, or any other time for that matter) and a buffet with fairly low quality offerings. On the positive side, the room was clean and the staff friendly if not always efficient. On one occasion we had called the front desk to report no hot water and I was promised a return call which never came. I will say when I inquired again, the same staff member did apologize for failing to call me back. The location is convenient and cabs are easy to get out front. On balance, though, we would not return here.	
Aug 6 2007 	Recommended - well priced and so spacious	Stayed for 3 nights with husband and two children (6 and 9) in a 1 bed apartment. The apartment was so spacious with a full size diing table and chairs, sofabed and recliner chair (that the kids loved) Great kitchen although we didn't use it other than coffee. Pool was clean and we were the only users each time. Breakfast was simple but plentiful and an added bonus. Good location for easy access to Eaton Centre and underground. Well recommended for families who need that extra space and the facility to make food if required. Overall, very satisfying and enjoyable start to our holiday in Canada.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great	Stayed at the Appartement in early April 2007 with my family of four. Staff was cordial and helpful. The 2 bedroom suite was clean and roomy. The kitchen came in handy as we ate in several times. The breakfast was plentiful and apprecitated by the kids who loved the toaster and the Eggo waffles. We never saw another sole in the swimming pool or the saunas. I would definately stay here again.	
Nov 13 2006 	Good location affordable price	Just returned from the 3 night stay at the L'Appartement Hotel in Montreal.The room we stayed in was a 1 bedroom sweet with a kitchen which is very nice especially for a family with kids. The rooms are not fancy but clean. The hotel has a nice swimming pool and complimentary continental breakfast provided.The only disadvantage is uncomfortable mattress and pillows.	
Aug 30 2006	Excellent accomodation	Very nice comfortable appartment; kitchen (microwave, stove, table, fridge/freezer), lounge &amp; separate bedroom. Laundry facilities available. Close to centre of downtown and McGill Metro station. Free internet available in breakfast room - no Wifi. Continetal breakfast included in rate; coffee, juice, muffins, cereal etc. Good value. Would recommend this as a perfect place to stay in Montreal.	
Jul 5 2006	Great Location Average Hotel	The Hotel is in a fantastic spot, just two blocks from Rue Saint Catherine. My husband and I went up to see the Jazz Festival for a night, and were thrilled that we didn't have to pay for a cab or the metro. The hotel itself was pretty clean, and the staff were friendly. However, the elevator is extremely small and usually there is a line for it...kinda strange when you keep in mind that this hotel is designed for long term stays (every room, even the basic one we rented, has a full kitchen), meaning most people would have a lot of luggage. Also, if you want to use the underground parking, it is 17.50 CAD/day, and there are only a few spaces (get there early!). The basement you park in is very tight and hard to manuever around in, so be careful!	
Jun 10 2006	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week in May. I am usually wary of hotels that include kitchenettes, but this hotel was immaculate and ideal. It is centrally located (right downtown by McGill University) and walking distance to the Metro and buses. We asked for a room off of Sherbrooke Street and had our windows open the entire week. It was very quiet. An excellent breakfast was included in the price. We entertained friends and family at the hotel and so found the sitting room and fridge ideal. The staff were extremely helpful. I wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Nov 14 2005	A very friendly hotel	I stayed at the apt. for 2 1/2 mths, the ppl are friendly, thumb up for their service and the manager Steve is a wonderful man!	
Oct 17 2005	A bit disappointed	After reading all the positive reviews about this hotel I was a bit disappointed when we experienced it first hand. The room was okay, nothing special. Not huge, just average. Carpet had pulls and appeared to need a cleaning. Kitchen/dining area tile floor was very dirty, I had to clean it as soon as we checked into our room as we have a toddler that would be roaming around on hands and knees. Bathroom was fine, bedroom okay too. Very hard to navigate hotel with stroller though. No ramps or handicap areas. Only stairs to front door and tiny hallways in back of hotel. Walls were paper-thin. We heard every conversation in the rooms around us, above us and in the hallway.The fire alarm went off in the building at 5:45 am and everyone crowded into staircase to get out of building. We were on the 11th floor so it was quite a ways down. The problem was that after the fire department declared the building okay to enter again, the elevators would not work. So, after almost 2 hours of waiting downstairs, we had to lug ourselves and baby up 11 flights of stairs. Management never offered any explanation, never apologized and never made any announcement as to what was going on during this frightening experience. In fact they told my husband that it was not the hotels fault that this kind of thing happens frequently. We were very disappointed with attitude of staff and management. Most likely would not stay here again.	
Oct 17 2005	Good location price and comfort	As we were a party of 4, we chose a 2 closed bedroom suite which also featured a small kitchen, a living room and a bathroom.I booked via their website and it was very easy. At CAD 230, excl. taxes per night it was very good value for money (for four people), and included a small breakfast buffet. The reception staff was helpful and courteous and was fluent in English and French.We were on the 15th floor and there were very good views of Mont Royal on one side and of downtown on the other. The rooms were clean but one small bathroom for 4 guest (up to six may be accomodated in this suite) is not enough. The kitchen was well-equipped.The pool on the top floor had too much chemicals in it which made for swimming almost dangerous (I had sore eyes for a whole day). Sports equipment is a joke with just one static bike and a running mill. No weights or anything like that. And since it's by the pool, it can be quite dirty there with people walking with their shoes (and there's NO changing room either).A very negative point was the fire alarm that went on one morning at 6. While I am grateful this hotel has a working fire alarm, I have a problem when no-one from the staff kept us informed during the entire hour we were to wait on the sidewalk in the freezing cold.When we were cleared (from the firefighters) to go back to our room, the elevators were not working and none of the staff knew what to do. We were glad we were only on the 15th floor!At no time did we get an apology from the staff (or even a mention of the incident). Overall an average 3-class hotel which certainly is not top-class. Will go back should we be a large party again.	
Sep 27 2005	Highly Recommended	Four adults and one child stayed in a two-bedroom apartment in this hotel. From the moment reservations were made the reception desk staff were polite and very professional and efficient. The accommodations were very clean, from the beds to the bathroom to the kitchen to the living and dining rooms. The apartment was small but very quiet and tastefully decorated. We stayed on the 9th floor and heard nothing from the moment we walked into the apartment.This hotel can be aptly described as discreet. No one bothers you at all. If you need anything it is brought to your apartment promptly.I used the sauna and the pool and shower and all were extremely clean. Towels were provided in the pool area as well as in the sauna and shower. There is one sauna for women and one for men.Breakfast comprises of an assortment of juice--apple, grapefruit, or orange; coffee and tea; bagels; croissant; toast; muffins; cold cereal; oatmeal (in packets); and fresh fruit along with the appropriate condiments to garnish your selection. It is self-serve. Breakfast was maintained in a neat, clean and organized room that looked onto the street life of the city. As soon as one table was vacated, staff cleaned the table and it was ready for the next guest to arrive.The sheets and pillows on the bed were comfortable and the towels were the usual white variety. The full-sized sofa bed was unbelievably comfortable. I must say I was truly shocked by it's comfort.My party enjoyed this hotel immensely and it was conveniently located near the underground shopping area (two blocks away) and it was a super quick taxi ride to Old Montreal ($7 for five people).I highly recommend this hotel to families, business travelers, and single females traveling alone or in pairs.	
Aug 5 2005	Exceeded Expectations	I was afraid of this hotel because it is not a chain, and with a chain, you know what you're getting... plus we got a discounted rate, but it was great! We stayed in a studio room with our five month old son and there was lots of room. The room was very, very clean, the appliances in the kitchen were brand new. We didn't cook, but it was nice to store any food/drinks in the fridge and we used the glasses. We were told there would be a crib set up for us, turns out they brought us a playpen which we had to set up, but it was totally easy and no charge, so it was OK. The laundry room was great, we had a sauna which was nice also. The rooftop patio was nice, overlooking the whole city, but you have to go through the pool room to get there and there were stairs. Also, there are only stairs to get into the hotel itself. All in all, though, the perfect spot for us, great location, we walked EVERYWHERE (except the mountain!)!!	
Jul 27 2005	Clean clean  clean.......	My 2 teenage daughters and I recently spent 7 nights at this hotel. We had a one bedroom suite on the 10th floor. I can't say enough good about the accomodations. Plenty of space and cleaner than you can imagine! A kitchenette fully equipped; a grocery store just one block away. And everything in the heart of downtown Montreal ! I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone going to Montreal. PERFECTO !	
Jun 5 2005	an apartment not just a room	We just got back from 2 days at this hotel and we were very pleased with the cleanliness and the spaciousness of the room..we were on the 9th floor and had a living room with a recliner, a full dining room, a kitchen with all the appliances, dishes etc.. and a full bedroom and of course a bathroom...we also had a balcony overlooking the street... we went to the top floor just to see the pool, sauna and a balcony overlooking the city..all very nice...and there is even a room with washer and dryers so that you can do your wash...and breakfast was ok ..the usual croissants and rolls and bread etc.. but in a very nice room overlooking Rue Sherbrooke..we even found parking on the street...we had to move the car in the am but that was fine...I would recommend this hotel..	
May 8 2005	Great Location Great Price!	Hotel : L'AppartmentLocation : MontrealTime Of Stay : April 21-26 2005This is a really nice place to stay. It is situated right in the centre of downtown on Sherbrooke Street and is easily accessible by a nearby Metro stop (McGill). There are plenty of places to eat and things to do. It is also near to the university so there are always people around and it feels safe at night. The room is spacious (compared to what I am used to), with a desk, comfy leather chair, lovely cosy bed, big screen TV and a kitchen which I never used. It had a microwave, oven, cutlery, fridge etc. The bathroom was a bit small but not too bad. My room was cleaned daily - if I put the notice out rather late in the afternoon, it was still done by the evening. The only bad thing about the hotel room was it had no curtains - well it had these tiny half curtains (with a netting behind) so all the daylight came through. Oh and they offered a free hotel breakfast - I used it one day and had cereal and a muffin (it was buffet style so help yourself).	
Apr 27 2005	Loved L'Appartement	I recently stayed at L'Appartement Hotel on Sherbrooke St. in Montreal, on the advice of several trip advisor reviews, and it was great! The staff were friendly, helpful, and accommodating. The apartment I was in was clean, extremely spacious, and comfortable. And the hotel is conveniently located to downtown and to a nearby grocery store, to make the kitchen included very useful. I would recommend this to anyone staying in Montreal, especially families and the budget-conscious, as you can save a lot on means. The rates were very competitive, too.	
Mar 9 2005	Great for the Spring Breakers	This hotel gives you a great room for a fair price. My roommate and myself found this to be excellent because the more money we had in our pockets, the more 'clubs' we could get into.	
Dec 5 2004	Great rooms Great rate!!!!!	Travelled to Montreal to catch hockey game in Feb 2002 and stayed here and we were all blown away by the rooms. For the price it wasthe best value I've ever seen that close to downtown amenities. As for the hotel itself the rooms were spacious (ours had 1 bedroom with pullout coach in livingroom with kitchenette) and clean with a great view of the city. Most attractions within easy walk (10-30 min.) of hotel.Highly Recommended!!!!!	
Nov 27 2004	Loved this hotel	Just came back and was very pleased with the hotel. Stayed in the 2 bdroom apt which was spacious. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Great location, metro just a block away. Want a night out, go to House of Jazz. Will stay here again.	
Sep 20 2004	Anyone like Cockroaches...me neither so don't stay here!!!!!	After reading the great reviews, my boyfriend and I decided to stay here....what a huge mistake. The hotel room itself is big if you choose the one bedroom suite. However, it looks like a flashback from the 1970's! All in all, we still decided to stay...UNTIL WE SAW A COCKROACH!!! And you know once there is one, there are many!!! We went to reception to see what they could do, but they only had a studio room available and moved us to the 14th floor. This was not to our liking as there was only a double bed and not a queen which we paid for. They did not discount our room at all, but just gave us the rate for the studio. The continental breakfast was alright, but I was too afraid to eat anything knowing there were cockroaches roaming around. I don't even think they sprayed the room at all b/c they put people in there right after we left..ewwww! I would not reccomend this hotel at all b/c for $139.99/night I didn't pay to sleep with bugs!	
Sep 1 2004	Great hotel great location		
Aug 30 2004	Very happy w/L'Appartment		
Aug 28 2004	Fantastic hotel a great choice!		
Jul 15 2004	Wait for renovations and ask about AC!!!		
May 17 2004	Our 'new' favourite hotel		
Apr 9 2004	Great place to stay!		
Mar 17 2004	You can't do better in the budget category!		
Feb 24 2004	This Place Rules!		
Jul 28 2003	A good choice		
Apr 16 2003	The place for me! (and you)		
Sep 3 2009 	Ansich nett aber mit großen Macken		
Sep 24 2008 	très correct		
Aug 30 2008 	Hôtel passable		
