Apr 10 2009 	Stole my house keys	This hotel now has my house keys and refuses to return them to me. I phoned numerous times and spoke to the Manager Jay Raaz and he told me he would send them and still no keys. I have no idea why they have an interest in keeping my house keys but DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Jan 3 2009 	It Sucks!	The warped floors in this Motel are covered by the UGLIEST carpet you will EVER see. Bring your own towels, because if you take the &quot;weekly special&quot; this means they DON'T clean your room and you don't get a change of towels. But you WILL, however, save ten whole dollars! The staff is beyond rude, no customer service whatsoever. If you're looking to spend $80 a night to sleep in a slum just to downtown Montreal and find a rummy, give HIM $80 and borrow is cardboard box for the night.Find another inexpensive Motel, this one BITES the big one!HORRIBLE!	
Dec 17 2008 	dated basic	Was booked here by my host for a job interview, would not have been my choice.The motel was built probably in the 50s and it shows; there has been no significant upgrading or renovation since then.Pluses: motor court layout, each room has its own door and you can park right outside; convenient location for airport access and locations in Montreal West; quiet considering that it's on a major street and near train tracksMinuses: &quot;tired&quot; condition, mattress was thin and a bit lacking in support; no vent/fan in bathroom	
Sep 9 2008 	Putrid ... horrible .... beware	First time in my life (and I'm no youngster) that I checked out of a hotel shortly after checking in, without even staying the night. You want specific complaints? Lets start when you drive from the office to your room ... the road has more holes in it than swiss cheese. You get to the building where your room is ... a low, squat cement structure that looks like one of those buildings in Sarajevo or other war-torn regions, with crumbling cement falling off the outside walls and cracks throughout, as though shell-shocked (much as I felt, looking at all this). Ahhh, but the real splendor lies in the room .... a cement box, unadorned, two beds with headboards missing rails, stained carpets, stained everything, dirty grout (at least, one can only HOPE it was dirt, could have been mold, didn't want to get close enough to tell) throughout the shower walls, the general stench that permeated the place ... I'm giving this place a huge UGGHHH, no stars, stay away. We checked right out, was worth losing a nights rate as we got a decent room in a much better part of town. Oh yeah, the neighborhood leaves a lot to be desired as well, but no need to even get to that when you consider everything unpleasant about the place itself.	
Mar 24 2008 	OK but...	For the price we were not expecting a lot, but we stayed at other hotels during our trip which were comparably priced and much nicer. The staff here were very polite and helpful, the problems were with the actual room. Cleanliness and appearance were lacking, and a great staff could not make up for that. The continental breakfast was the worst we had in a long time, 2 kinds of bread/toast, no fruit, 3 kinds of cereal, and that was pretty much it! We would not stay here again and recommend looking at other hotels in the area. One bright point, just up the street try out the Piccasso Restaurant, 24/7 and good food.	
Mar 3 2008 	Meh	This motel seemed a little on the worse for wear side. The key cards didn't work in the lock so we had to run back to the front desk. The room was small and the beds were meh. There was a mini fridge and a microwave but the chairs for the table were really uncomfortable.The location is right off the highway, which is good if you're coming from a far distance. (we were driving from Charlottetown) If you are staying more than 1 day in Montreal and/or don't have a vehicle you will need to stay somewhere much closer to downtown.Parking is weird as well. You have to park in front of your room and since there was a huge pile of snow we had to park on an angle, in front of icy snow. This made getting luggage in and out a little tricky.I didn't go for breakfast, but my travel mates did and said there was only cereal and toast.It was an ok place to crash for one night but I wouldn't stay there a whole week.	
