Oct 29 2009 	Impressed	I stayed at this hostel for 2 weeks in a dorm with 3 bunk beds. I found that it was very comfortable. The room had a bar fridge and little desk lamps hooked up to each bed. The bathroom had a shower/tub and a heater. The towel rack and the toilet paper holder was broken but the bathroom is cleaned everyday. There is only one dresser for a room that sleeps 6 people but there is a clothing rack. Staying for 2 weeks I had many roomies as they only stayed a couple days or overnight so I found that people just lived out of their suitcases. Staying in the basement is kinda noisy because it's right next to a bus station so you can hear the buses going by pretty clearly. Extra towels are provided at an extra cost but soap and toilet paper are replenished daily/as needed for free. Free breakfast is provided everyday (breakfast= muffins, croissants, toast, tea/coffee). 25 % off anything from the bar. The staff are really friendly and are willing to help you with anything. They have a good knowledge of the area. There are several Metro stations around which makes it so much easier to get around quickly rather than walking everywhere. Free Wi-Fi is always a plus. I would definitely come back here again.	
Jan 20 2009	Hate It Horrible Client Service	This is by far the worst hotel in the Montréal area-the rooms are small and smell. The client service is horrible, the receptionist was rude and began to speak loudly when we decided to leave the hotel. He insisted and began to question us like a police officer... ridiculous! We just wanted to leave we were not please with the room nor the smell! The receptionist did not seem to understand he kept on insisted in fact he refused to reimbursement indicated that he didn’t know how to use to machine to refund !!! Yeah right, I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	Excellent staff - Will be back again this summer!	We stayed here for my daughters 18th b'day - being our first time ever to Montreal - the staff was amazing with helping us find our way around! We are going back to celebrate her b'day again this year - and are booking at this hotel. It is handy to everything, shops, nightlife, bus station etc...	
Dec 4 2007 	OK for the price	Let me start by saying this. 72$ for a room this close to downtown is a very good price. The room was very clean as well, no complaints in that regard. However I do have a few issues that are worth mentioning. The hotel room was fairly small and the whole room has ceramic flooring, therefore it was very cold, especially on the side where the window was. Also, the heating was constantly going on and off every few minutes and was more noisy than I would have liked (Had to turn up tv volume every time the heat came on). The free breakfast consisted of dry croissants, muffins, toast, waffles, juice and coffee. Standard continental breakfast I guess. I was happy to have a working small fridge to keep my drinks cool and the bed was quite comfortable although there was no clock-radio. There were quite a few &quot;sketchy&quot; looking people checking in and out of the hotel but no one seemed to have caused any problems per say. Our window wasn't directly on the bus station's side and we didn't have any problem with the noise.In conclusion, I think this room had quite a good value for the price but it definately does have room for improvement.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great for the price!	My boyfriend and I stayed here during the weekend and had a wonderful time. We loved the location. It is right near the Latin Quarter and is, literally, right beside the bus station. Everything was within walking distance and if you don't feel like walking, the metro is right across the street.We had a superior room, it was pretty small but cozy. It was very clean and had a warm feeling to it. Although, while it says the room could sleep 4, with a double bed and a pullout couch, I wouldn't recommend it because you wouldn't have any room to walk around. The view isn't exactly the best, but what can you expect from a 1st floor room beside the bus station?The staff were very friendly, helpful and welcoming - they even offered us free lunch on one of the days. The continental breakfast isn't much - just some croissants, muffins, toast and waffles, along with coffee and juice - but we didn't expect it to be since we were paying so little. Overall we had a great stay and would definitely stay there again. :)	
May 25 2007 	The Best Staff!	I have stayed in many different places across Canada and internationally - and of all the places I have been - the staff at this hotel were the most friendly and helpful people I have ever encountered!Yes, the rooms are small, but very charming, and very, very clean. A great location for visiting Montreal as there is much to see and do within walking distance or a quick cab ride. I felt this hotel was a good value for the price ($80 per single room) and would recommend it.The only minor recommendation I would make to the Hotel management is to please consider installing a shelf in the bathroom for placing toiletries - there was no room on the pedestal sink for toothpaste, deodorant, hair products, etc.Merci!	
Dec 22 2006	cleanbut very small and not cozy	It's was clean,but very very small room(no door of bathroom)and very cold front stuff and bad serviece.As there are many cheaper and reasonable hotelsaround bus station,I really recommend to stay in others.	
Oct 25 2009 	Idéal vraiment au centre		
Aug 18 2008	Pratique pour sa proximité du centre		
