Dec 31 2008	Preferred the Fairfield Suites	We stayed one night at the Residence Inn after arriving on a flight from out of town. We called for the shuttle which arrived within about 15 minutes. The hotel was about a 10-15 minute drive. It was not real easy to find if you were driving yourself. Check in was fine and the room was fine. We had a family of 4 staying and found the suite to be a little crowded but still nice. The breakfast in the morning was the typical free breakfast with a few hot items. On our way back home we were to stay there one more night but opted for the Fairfield Suites instead. We thought it was an upgrade from the Residence Inn plus it was closer to the airport. The staff at the Fairfield was extremely helpful. The downside to the Fairfield was you paid for parking if you had a car, you occasionally heard a plane since you were so close, it was not easy to find the turn in as others have stated and you can not walk to any restaurant or shopping. But, given those issues, my family still preferred the Fairfield and I preferred the lower price and the great help and advice at the Fairfield. I would recommend either for a stay as both were fine.	
Oct 27 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed 4 nights in Oct 2008. The hotel is very clean and rooms are spacious. It offers the best breakfast we have ever had at a hotel. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2008 	Super Convenient Super Stay	I stayed at the Residence Inn 6/16 through 6/20. I was originally booked at the Courtyard which is next door and accessible by the Residence Inn but changed it due to the lower per night cost and the availability of a free breakfast.Checking in was a bit slow. There was only one young lady working the front desk during the peak check in time, Monday evening. She was friendly and helpful. I even got a lower rate since I had a mega bucks certificate and was even able to use it!I had a king studio room which I loved. There was a microwave a full size fridge, stove, and utencils. I found the room very comfortable and clean.Breakfast was good. Loved the croissants in the morning. I always took an extra one and a piece of fruit with me.It is short drive to Trudeau. If you have a rental car, I suggest filling up near this hotel. There are two pumps close by. The hotel is near Cote-Vertu (shopping mall) I found it closes too early to enjoy after work. There are some nice restaurants within walking distance on a nice day.The Residence Inn is a great value. I think it's like an Embassy Suites without the booze! I'm not sure why they would put a Courtyard and a Residence Inn next to each other. I certainly would choose the Residence Inn if I had to choose between the two. Seems like Marriott has too many niches.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great hotel	We spent 3 nights at this hotel and were very pleased with the overall cleanliness of the hotel. Moreover the staff went out of their way to assist us in many ways.It is connected to a Courtyard and the restaurant there was excellent, with friendly, prompt service.Although it is located close to the Trudeau Airport and Autoroute 40, the soundproofing is excellent and we were never bothered by noise.Highly recommended as a convenient alternative to staying downtown.	
Mar 18 2008 	Ultra Clean - Great Value	Only in Mtl for the weekend - we only stayed one night and were pleasantly surprised. Ultra clean - the bathroom was the cleanest bathroom I have ever seen - Our room was beautiful - nicely decorated and also exceptionally clean. Everything was in great shape. The hotel was quiet and the staff pleasant. This hotel is close to the Airport and is in an industrial area, however, there were restaurants within walking distance and Cote Vertu shopping centre is close by as well. Our rate was $122 and the value was amazing. Absolutely nothing negative to say - it was all great.	
Dec 29 2007 	Very pleasant stay	We were traveling with two young adult sons to visit family in the area during Christmas vacation and chose this hotel because it offered the extra space and privacy we needed while being conveniently located between family members living in the city and on the West Island. We had a great stay. We arrived after a long drive on the Tuesday after Christmas and enjoyed a ( free!) light dinner of soup and delicious and nicely presented sandwiches, just what we needed at that point. The hotel is conveniently located near the Dorval (aka Pierre Trudeau) airport and close to major highways, but despite the plane and car traffic nearby, it was exceptionally quiet; great soundproofing in this new (2006) hotel! Several stores, restaurants, even a cinema complex, were within easy and safe walking distance from the hotel, and downtown Montreal was quickly and easily accessible by car. Everything was clean and fresh, the staff was friendly and helpful, and we would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Hotel By Any Measure	My husband and I stayed at Residence Inn Montreal Airport for four nights last week, while attending the Presidents Cup. I pondered whether we had made a mistake by not booking in Old Montreal, as we appreciate hotels with character, but any concerns quickly disappeared as soon as we walked into the lobby. The hotel is extremely clean, the accommodations very nice, and there is a &quot;boutique-y&quot; feel to the place. We were very tired after being at the golf tournament all day Saturday and Sunday, so we picked up wines, cheeses, sausage, etc at a local market and ate in the room while watching a movie. We spent Monday at Atwater Market, in Old Montreal, and in Little Italy, and Tuesday we drove to the Laurentides to see the leaves. As we were leaving Montreal Tuesday evening, we realized that we actually felt more central to things from this location, and we would not hesitate to make this our hotel of choice the next time we visit Montreal.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Hotel for Inexpensive Trip	I chose this hotel as I was able to book several nights using my remaining Marriott Reward points. This hotel was very nice and clean. The rooms were very comfortable (beware - the mattresses are VERY firm). Breakfast had several options, and we were very pleased. We took cabs to the nearby Metro station to get into downtown Montreal. We found the Metro to be a great way to get around the city. There is a movie theatre and several restaurants in the area for things to do that are in walking distance.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great hotel but...	As a mother of twins, a great quiet suite was very important to us. Brought the 5mo olds up to visit in-laws. The check-in was smooth. We left and visited family. When we returned we were informed that there was no electricity in any of the hotel rooms, only the common areas. The nice front desk staff gave us two flashlights. One of the main reasons we booked a suite was so that we could have the bassinet in a separate room and have access to a dishwasher. Needless to say, it was a very long night. The following morning I contacted to the front desk to find out how much of a discount we would receive I was informed that since the power outage was not their fault (hydro was doing repairs), they would not be issuing a discount.After the lights came back on, the rooms were very nice and the free breakfast was better than most-hash browns and french toast were on the menu.	
Oct 20 2006 	New Great Value Hotel - You have to stay here if you have a car	Residence Inn just opened end of Aug 2006. We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting Montreal with a car especially for families and individuals who need extended stay facilities for their spacious rooms fully equipped with a kitchenette &amp; dinette. The kitchenette had a stove top range, fridge, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, china and cutlery. I'm sure I would miss listing some other appliances, but in general I believe that this had more appliances than a standard Residence Inn (I have only been to 3 in total). . We were in a studio with a king sized bed and a queen or twin sized sofa bed. It was comfortable for our family of 3 adults and one child. It was our first visit to Montreal and wanted a room in downtown. However, after comparing prices, not to mention, additional costs for hotel parking (average of $ 18/day) downtown and a lot of bad reviews on mid-level hotels, we decided staying in this airport hotel. It was a pleasant surprise to find out that it was just 10 minutes (off-peak) to 40 minutes (peak) to downtown. Walking distance was a shopping complex with cinemas and restos. A complimentary hot and cold breakfast buffet was so filling that we had lunch at 3pm later in the day. This is versus the 1 croissant and a cup of OJ I have read on other downtown hotel reviews. I also read that most downtown hotels are old and had small rooms even for the mid-level brands. 'The staff was very friendly and helpful, nothing else we could have asked for. Other in-house facilities were an exercise room, heated pool and a kid's room. I am sure that there are other services and features that I would not be able to mention, but you definitely have to consider this hotel the next time you plan to go to Montreal. And I hope that the hotel's staff and management will continue to delivery excellent service or better! Residence Inn Montreal Airport - New, Very Comfortable, Spacious, Friendly, Great Value!	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
Oct 8 2009 	Super		
Aug 18 2009 	Le meilleur que j'ai vu		
Sep 21 2008 	Very good hotel		
Jun 1 2007	Très bon rapport qualité / prix / emplacement		
