	A very enjoyable stay in a great hotel.	Ideal location, extremely friendly and helpful staff. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for someplace small and romantic, in a great location, and for a good value.	
Aug 20 2008 	Charming Auberge near the Latin Quarter and Mont-Royal	I had a difficult time finding a place to stay in Montreal, but I am extremely happy that I ended up at the Auberge le Pomerol. Situated just 2-3 blocks from St-Denis, it's a perfect place to stay if you want to visit some of the many excellent restaurants in the area, many of which are APP (bring your own wine). It's also walking distance to Old Montreal and the Contemporary Art Musuem. The Auberge itself is very homey while being very eclectic and contemporary. Our room was moderately sized with a large bathroom that included a two-person sized spa tub. Breakfast was included - each morning we received a little case with a croissant, a piece of fruit, an orange juice, a yogurt and a couple of oatmeal cookies. They also serve free snacks in the afternoon - cheese and crackers, cookies and fruit. The auberge is reasonably priced, but it is not a 'full-service' hotel. There is no room service, no porters, no dining room or bar. However, if you are looking for a great base from which to explore the east side of the city and old Montreal, the Auberge de Pomerol is quite nice.	
Aug 11 2008 	Happy with the Pomerol	Stayed for one night at the centrally-located Pomerol. The personnel was nice, the room (the &quot;executive&quot; one) was very comfortable - and yes, the jacuzzi was working fine. There was a flatscreen tv set, a stereo, an alarm clock, everything but the bathrobe. We didn't have a nice view but that was not important. It is close to the bus terminal, the Latin quarter and the Village so there are plenty of great food and entertainment options. Continental breakfast was included (not the best croissants in town, but with jam, cheese, coffee, yougourt, etc.). For 150$ a night, it's a very good deal.	
Aug 11 2008 	Nice hotel great Location	We stayed at the Pomerol for 3 nights last week. The staff were nothing but courteous. Our room (an economy room with 2 twins) was small but designed efficiently. The bathroom was sparkling clean. We liked the idea of our complimentary continental breakfast being delivered to our room each morning. The hotel also offers free snacks in the afternoon, but we were never around to take advantage of this. The only complaint I would have (although it did not really concern us - so it is more like a warning) is that the twin beds are arranged so they are touching and you can't move them apart. This could be awkward if you were sharing with someone you didn't know very well. Other than that, our stay was pretty much perfect. Only 2 blocks from St Denis, very close to Ste Catherine and right across the street from 3 metro lines (Berri UQAM Metro station). Some reviews complained of homeless people - yes, we saw some near the Bus Depot at Berri and Maisoneuve, but it was no worse than any other North American city. We were not approached or hassled once. It's a sad and unfortunate thing, but there are bound to be homeless people in any large city and complaining about them when they do nothing to harm us is nothing but rude. Montreal is a lovely city and next time I visit, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent Value	We stayed in the hotel for three nights over the 4th of July weekend. This hotel offers excellent value. We found the location perfect, within easy walking distance to Old Montreal and other sites.Our room was small, but impeccably clean. We will gladly stay there again.	
Jul 10 2008 	My Favourite!	I have stayed a few times in Montreal and for now the Pomerol is my personal favourite! The Auberge is well-situated, directly in downtown near the Village, just in front of a major subway station and at 2 minutes walking from the bus station. The Pomerol is quite small, but the interior is well-designed so it doesn't feel tiny at all, only cozy. We have been welcome with kind, polite and competent staff. But the greatest surprise was when we opened our bedroom's door; our superior room decoration was just perfect. So far away from a lot of kitsch hotel and inn that I have seen before. Everything is very modern and custom made for the Pomerol. I even threatened the staff that I would have to steal their painting because I wouldn't be able to find it anywhere else! We went back to the front desk and the receptionist offered me to visit the other rooms, what I did (I work for a kind of travel agency). To be honest, the economic rooms are a bit small but look good anyway. But the regular and superior rooms are worth the 20 or 40 bucks more. And the executive are just mind-blowing. Most of the rooms have a little fridge and plasma television with a DVD player where you can also listen to music. After a free snack offered by the hotel until late in the evening in the guest kitchen (including cookies, cheese, coffee, tea and other) we went to a comfy night of sleep. The breakfast in the morning is a little light but good. Muffin, crescent, jam, cheese, coffee, all at your front door when you wake up. So no need to hurry and dress up before you go out to eat! You have the chance to be lazy... So overall, the Pomerol was responsible for a great romantic get-away in Montreal!	
Jun 9 2008 	Great staff	We stayed at the Pomerol while in Montreal for the Grand Prix. It was one of the few hotels that had rooms left. While it is not in the nicest section of downtown Montreal, the hotel itself is very nice. It is very small, but has charm. They only had the ecomonic rooms left which are very small but clean and decorated nicely. The staff really made the place. The two women who were at the front desk went out of their way to be helpful, even letting us stay beyond our checkout time at no extra charge. They have a small kitchen stocked with cheese, crackers, cookies, coffee etc. from 3:00 p.m. until 11:00 p.m. A very nice touch. The subway is right across the street and the walk to old Montreal takes about 15-20 minutes.	
Mar 27 2008 	Just what I was looking for	I was nervous reading the reviews on this site but I couldn't have been happier with our stay.The price was great. Granted, it was in the middle of winter and over Easter weekend, but this room was a steal. Furthermore, if you are on a tight budget, you could EASILY save money on breakfast and lunch by eating the hotel breakfast and snacks. The breakfast consists of a croissant, another type of pastry (muffin or danish), a yogurt, a piece of fruit, a package of cheese and a drink -- PER PERSON. The snacks that appear around 3pm include several types of cookies, a cheese platter, crackers and dried fruits. Plus, they have bread and peanut butter and jelly in the kitchen at all times of the day. Now, hopefully you get to sample the delicious food in Montreal, but if you really wanted to save money on food, this would be a good choice to stay.The location was perfect. It's a block from St. Denis which is covered in restaurants. And it's right across the street from the Metro. One of the reviews here said it was a block away -- not true. It's directly across the street.The staff was friendly but only somewhat helpful. They did not offer many recommendations like one of the reviews said. I also got the &quot;go to st. Denis for food&quot; recommendation that someone else mentioned. Also, it seems like the package they offer for the Botanical Gardens and Biodome is $5 more than what you can buy if you actually go to the Biodome to purchase tickets.We stayed in an executive suite and it was pretty nice. I travel quite frequently and, frankly, a room is a room to me unless it's a really BAD room. This room was probably above average because of the jacuzzi tub we had that we used every night. The bathroom is pretty small but not a big deal to me. The room was a decent enough size for my tastes. Compared to a room at, say a Fairmont hotel, it's much smaller (and we got the big room), but like I said, it's just a place to sleep, really.There is a lounge downstairs with a computer and a fireplace. Wireless internet available free with no password. Restaurant right next door (connected to the hotel). Walls were a little thin, but not a big problem. I could hear our neighbors TV at one point during the night, but nothing woke me up.Overall, I would DEFINITELY recommend the place and I would ABSOLUTELY stay here again if I come back to Montreal.	
Aug 11 2007 	Wouldn't return	Stayed here for two nights and would not return for several reasons. The neighborhood, although probably safe, is unappealing. Many down and out folks on the streets. Nothing to recommend the buildings and stores nearby. When I returned at 10PM one night, I asked about where I could eat at that time and was told to go over to rue St. Denis and I could probably find someplace. I think that a hotel should have more knowledge of what is available and I had been along St. Denis and knew that I would not easily find a place close by. I ended up walking around and found a decent hamburger/pizza place a block away but not towards St. Denis. There were other restaurants in that direction, too, and I'd expect management to be aware of them but they seemed not to be. Looking back I think that I got what I paid for considering that Montreal is an expensive, large city. The room was OK for one and the complimentary breakfast was good. The Metro is a block away and can get you anywhere in the city. I do not speak French but everyone (including the parking attendent) was helpful and friendly.	
Jul 24 2007	Lovely Auberge Fair Location	We overnighted in Montreal at the Auberge Le Pomerol, 819 Boul. De Maisonneuve in July 2007. Our very clean, beautifully decorated and comfortable room had a king bed, large flat panel TV, and a Sony radio that was several grades above standard hotel issue. A large jetted-tub in the modest-size bathroom and remote for the AC capped off the feeling of small-space luxury. The inn provides some nice touches. Breakfast appears-- breads, cheese, juice, yogurt--in a closed basket hung on a hook outside your room. Cookies, dried fruits and other light snacks are available gratis in a downstairs room until 11 PM. We met only friendly and helpful staffers.We reserved the same day with the front desk at the very good price of $130 plus taxes using a &quot;last minute&quot; promo code obtained from Tourisme-Montreal . Free use of an off-site gym was included, but we declined. Parking is available in a private lot right behind the hotel at $14/night. For us the biggest, but not too bad, negative was the location. Although there are stores and restaurants close to the hotel, Old Montreal is not. It took these two seniors about 25 minutes to walk to Old Montreal, passing a scruffy panhandler along the way. Brisk walkers could cut that time in half. A desk clerk advised us not to walk too far towards the left out of the hotel because there is not too much good to see. Being native New Yorkers, we accept local &quot;good sense&quot; restrictions as part of life in any large city. A subway is very close, and taxis are always an option. A very minor inconvenience is the few steps down from the tiny lobby to the elevator. The staff willingly helps with your bags if you ask. My wife and I highly recommended this inn for leisure travelers, except for those who prefer to be closer to the old city. We very much enjoyed our brief stay.	
Dec 15 2006 	Very nice week-end	I stayed at Le Pomerol over the long week-end in October, I love the room, it was very clean and the employees were very polite and very professionnal. The service at the front desk was excellent. The price were very reasonable and the location was great for shopping !	
Sep 10 2006	Tiny Room Too Pricy	Just came back from a one-night stay at Le Pomerol. Although advertisements show and staff talk about what beautiful rooms they have to offer, I found it to be a very disappointing experience. The 'superior' room that I had reserved was almost the size of my walk-in closet with barely 3 feet to get around the 3 sides of the bed...Carpet was cheap and old commercial type anf floor was quite uneven. The closet was also 'improvised' with a curtain hanging from the ceiling and although their website shows off the superior room with a double whirpool bath in a corner by the bed, our single tub was tucked in a very small washroom. Noise was also an issue. People above us woke us up that morning as we could follow their every footsteps in the room. Definitely not a place that I will return to even though they proudly display the award they won this year at their reception desk. Disappointing when you travel to Montreal to see a cultural event that was booked a long time ago. Fortunately, the show was worth it but not the auberge.	
Jan 17 2006	Good location bad experience	My boyfriend and I drove 5 hours from Toronto and stayed 2 nights at the Pomerol. Naturally, sleep is very important for us. Upon arrival, the décor and ambience was better than we had anticipated. But hidden under the façade was, exposed pipes in storage room and water noises from the pipes. The Jacuzzi feature advertised was bogus. It was there alright but it didn’t work. My boyfriend went to the front desk personally to tell them of the problem but was told that he’ll send a technician up the next day to fix it or else he’ll give us a rebate. He didn’t even come up to look at it.The room is not sound- proof. Every time the neighbor turns on the tap to wash hands or to shower, we could hear. Imagine awoken up abruptly by that noise at 430 am! We complained about the noise in the morning and was told that our “neighbor” had checked out and we won’t face that problem again.2nd day, we came back at night. The Jacuzzi still wasn’t fixed so we thought we’ll have a rebate. But the water noise was still there. It seems we had a NEW neighbor. Good thing they slept early. Check out. I asked about the rebate and was told that she was not informed of such arrangements and said that we were already taking the special deal and so it was not possible a further discount.Good point? It has an excellent location.	
Jan 4 2006	Never Again!!!	This hotel I stayed at based on the good reviews I had found at BBSelect, a Canadian B&amp;B booking agency. Unfortunately, they turned out to be dead wrong. The hotel staff treated me like I was a college student in a dormitory which I do not and did not appreciate. The evening man was very unfriendly and when I told him how rude he was to me and my friends, the manager simply explained that basically this was the hotel's &quot;invisible policy&quot; and that to be upfront about it would offend even more guests. I replied that he and his staff were running a dormitory and not a hotel. Although tastefully decorated, I would never give these people my money again. They advertise in gay publications as being a gay-friendly establishment; nothing could have been further from the truth.	
Aug 3 2005	We enjoyed but the price was a little too much	My husband and I stayed at Le Pomerol over the long weekend in July/August. We loved our luxury room, though it was on the pricy side considering the lack of &quot;extras&quot; at the hotel. For my husband &amp; I we really wanted to have romantic surroundings which definitely was the case. We loved the contemporary decor! On that point, this hotel won hands down - it's very well styled. BUT given the price we paid, I had to pick &quot;AVERAGE&quot; for its review.This hotel is like a boutique hotel, and though there is wireless internet available for all the rooms, I would think that this hotel would be better suited for couples over business travellers. The hotel is ideally situated - close enough to walk to a LOT of interesting places (restaurants, bars &amp; Old Montreal) not to mention that the METRO is right across the street from the hotel. If you don't need the hotel extras and enjoy being in the right location, then this is the hotel for you.A big downside to the hotel (as one of the other reviews mentioned) is that there are no services available other than basic maid service. I would also have to agree that given the nightly rate we paid, our expectations were not quite met either. Still, it is a large city hotel and the price was &quot;reasonable&quot; considering, but for the same amount of money I'll stay elsewhere next time, without the pretty decor perhaps, but WITH all the extras that one enjoys of a hotel.	
May 31 2005 	An experience to remember!	I have been coming to Montreal many times on business trips and tried many hotels. A friend suggested this Bed and Breakfast which turned out to be one of my best experiences in this city.The location is perfect! Close enought to downtown and Old Montreal which makes after work more ineresting.The room in which I stayed offered style and comfort. The continental breakfast displayed variation. The free internet connection is a plus for people on business trips needing to keep in touch with the office.The prices are very reasonable considering the quality and cleanleness of the room.The friendly service makes it all that much more enjoyable!!!	
Apr 26 2005	Ultra modern but NOT ultra comfortable!	My wife and I stayed at Le Pomerol and had a very substandard experience. We were given one of the smallest rooms with only a double bed, not even an alarm clock and a bathroom smaller than most closets. Being a seasoned traveler and worked in the service industry we had the internet reservation handy. I told them there must be a mistake, which they denied. After some time of sorting out the issue we were given the proper room which was much nicer in most respects including basic immenities that were absent in the first room. The ultra-modern decor is interesting and shows some attention to detail, although one aspect might be luxurious many details of decor and service are missing. The beds were very firm and the rooms showed wear and tear although kept clean.This establishment is far from a luxury hotel or a place for corporate travelers to feel comfortable doing business. The facilities are overstated in the advertisements and pictures are taken at very opportune angles. There are no services available other than basic maid service. The restaurant onsite is not run by the hotel and while offering a discount for guests was unwilling to serve us at 8:45pm and only serve yourself breakfast items were available aside from the restaurant. The internet connection did not work in our room preventing needed work from being done. I must say the staff were all friendly and helpful but the expectations presented in their advertising and high rates approach false advertising. We'll pay the same money and stay at a much nicer facility next time!	
Feb 11 2005	Absolutely fabulous!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on our tripp to Montreal. We are from Europe and loved the little touches of European elegance that were given to the hotel. The manager was fantastic to deal with. We will be back for sure!!! 	
Dec 13 2004	stylish little hotel	We stayed in Montreal for 3 days in March 2004. Auberge Le Pomerol is convenietly located just couple minutes walk from bus station. The pictures of hotel on-line turned out to be true -contemporary nice new furniture, styly decorations, rooms and bathrooms are very clean, nice breakfast, excellent coffee, good choice of pastries and jogurt. First night we stayed in a bigger room with double-jacuzzi, TV and stereo-system. It was great. Another night we were in a standard room which was smaller but not any worse than a bigger one. Auberge has its little rustic restaurant with great service. Rue St. Denis is close with variety of cafe and restaurants. People were so friendly everywhere. Great romantic city! I was in Paris this summer and I thought that Montreal was very much Canadian &quot;Paris&quot;.	
Dec 1 2004	Great place !	This Hotel is a great place to stay. It's clean, the breakfast is fresh and offer many choice even if it's a continental breakfast. The employee are very polite and professionnal and the service is excellent. It was excellent, I recommand it to anybody.	
Sep 1 2004	The Smoke Detectors Definitely Work	We stayed for several days and had the pleasure of hearing the smoke detectors wail each time we used the whirlpool bath or shower. Quite ironic considering the hotel promotes itself as offering a tranquil ambiance. My tranquility was interrupted by an ear-splitting smoke detector five minutes into my first whirlpool bath. I called the manager to see what could be done and was told to leave the door to our room open for a while. Think about that security risk for a minute!The rooms look fine at first glance but can really use some touch-ups. The towels are really thin, small and scarce. The shower hardware fell off several times. The floor in our room was very uneven. The room was extremely small but at least it was clean. Overall, a huge disappointment. The neighborhood is also sketchy. We will not be back.	
Jul 20 2004	Overall disappointing	Overall, it was a disappointment: the room and lobby were A LOT smaller than the way the internet pics made them look (the bathroom was closet size). The fire alarm went on every time we took a shower (probably because the room was so small), and it took several calls to locate the internet connection in the room, and it turned out to be behind the dresser and not the desk (which made no sense, so we actually had to rearrange the furniture to be able to get some work done while we were there). The parking attendant was sullen and slow, and there was no laundry or dry cleaning service or any form of it. Finally my traveler's checks were turned down because there were in US dollars, and I had to go to a bank and pay the commission to come back with cash to pay the hotel bill. On the plus side, it was nice to have free internet in the room, and local calls were free. It was also very nice to have a constant supply of breakfast-type foods and beverages downstairs. The restaurant attenant to the hotel was good and reasonable, and had very good service. The furniture in the rooms was nicer and showed attention to details. I think the main problem is that the hotel misrepresents itself in the web site, which makes it look a lot more geared toward business travelers and spacier, with a lot more staff and services than it actually is.	
Jul 4 2004	Enjoyed Auberge Le Pomerol	My Husband, Son and I stayed at the B&amp;B this past June. We have been to various hotels in BC, and ON, California and NY and Greece. This was one of the best accommodations we've experienced. Stylish rooms, friendly service at breakfast time, reasonably priced and the restaurant was excellent! Convenient location, though neighborhood is transitioning. They made a mistake by not mentioning that only children older than 10 yrs. old are allowed, but made an exception with our young Son (they already took our reservation).	
Jan 26 2004	Great place great location.	I stayed at this B&amp;B last August and loved it. The ambience is great, the price was reasonable and the location is perfect.We stayed in one of the regular rooms - it was average size, but very nicely furnished. Across the street was a metro station, which made getting around very easy. Breakfast was nice, and there was an internet connection available (free) if you needed to check email, or check out restaurants to eat at.The location is very close to the old part of the city, but it is also right on the edge of the &quot;Village&quot;, which is a little funky. It's not threatening, or unsightly, but some people don't care for that kind of thing, so I thought I would point it out.Would I go to this B&amp;B again? Absolutely, I intend to.	
Apr 11 2008 	excellent hôtel		
