Nov 8 2009 	Average hotel	Good price, not a excellent location, but it was fine.Rooms are really big, and clean.	
Oct 31 2009 	Would recommend	I stayed at this hotel in Sept. 2009. I would recommend this hotel. The surrounding area and hotel itself seems un-appealing on first appearance but improves as time goes by. The hotel is an older building and the hallways and tiny elevator look somewhat shabby. However, the room itself is very clean. The bed is pretty comfortable. They have hardwood floors.When I arrived, there was no remote control for the TV and the reception desk said I would have to wait till the next day for them to get one set up.They provide a free wireless internet connection that’s fairly quick.The rate included breakfast. The hotel gives you a card for breakfast at the restaurant next door, Pacini. The breakfast option consisted of either 2 eggs with bacon/ham/sausage or yogurt with fruit. The restaurant has an all you can eat bread bar with super delicious jams.The location is excellent. It’s about a 10 minute walk to Old Montreal. It’s a few steps away from a subway station. It’s also within walking distance to all the restaurants on Rue St. Denis. (Highly recommend Juliette et Chocolat, esp. if you are a chocolate lover)Parking costs $15/night.	
Oct 2 2009 	Economy Room: Clean quiet and comfy bed but tiny room.	Economy room runs about $95 and is super-small! There's barely room to walk around the bed or even stretch our your arms in the bathroom or shower; good luck finding space to open up the ironing board or finding space to set the coffee maker. However, the room was spotlessly clean and the bed was the most comfy that I have ever experienced in a hotel room! Window unit air conditioner was noisy but worked well; bathroom exhaust fan was broken and hardly worked at all. Basic TV has a modest selection of channels. This room is overall fine for a solo traveler but would be tight for two. Peacefully quiet, my room was not facing the street. The staff were courteous and helpful. This is a great location for those who want easy access to a multi-line metro station, just 2 short blocks away, and easy, short walk to Latin Quarter, Old Town and gay village. This is a perfectly fine hotel for the no-frills budget traveler who is looking for a clean, quiet retreat for a moment and plans to spend the majority of time out seeing the sites.	
Sep 26 2009 	cheap and cheerful	we booked 3 nights-2 nights then up north for a few days and then 1 night on our return. first visit the room was grand. in general i think for the price it was fine, some of the staff were great and some not so great but no one was unfriendly. first visit we got a non smoking room as requested but sadly they had forgotten and we had a smoking room which stank esp as we found the ice bucket had not been emptied and it was full of cig ends......not good i know stuff happens.....but there is no excuse for that. place was full so we couldnt change to non smoking. i wouldnt stay here again but only because of the location-for us it was not the best i would go towards rue roy direction but otherwise the hotel is fine as long as you are not going there to stay in your room.	
Sep 25 2009 	Totally overrated place. Romantics stand back	I chose this hotel based on the raving reviews... I absolutely can't understand why people are so excited about this place. The front desk is ok, polite, but I won't say friendly. The corridors and the carpet are really in bad shape and not engaging at all. My room was terrible, very small, no bed light, only a ceiling yellow light, ugly courtyard view, and the bathroom (closet size) has a air system so noisy that you want to get out asap. Very clean, however. And free wifi appreciate! But in general, this hotel is a perfect illustration of what the words anti glamour means.	
Sep 25 2009 	Tiny room	We chose this hotel to be in Montreal on our last night in Quebec. Our first night at the airport Travelodge was much more comfortable. We got a rate of $95, and when we added parking and taxes, we paid around $125. For that, we got the tiniest room we have ever gotten, that includes rooms in Paris. The bathroom was tiny, but ok. However, the room itself was so small, the coffee machine had to be put on a shelf high up. I had to climb on the bed to get it. Once we put our two small suitcases down, we had to climb over them to get to the other side of the bed. The carpet was worn out, and the room was a bit sad and outdated, which would have been ok for a night,. However, the room was so small, that it was uncomfortable. The hotel might be ok for the more expensive rooms, but if your budget is under $100, you surely can do better!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location and excellent value!	I chose this hotel after reading the reviews and was quite pleased. Hotel is right between Latin Quarter and Old Montreal, perfect for walking and subway very close by. The front desk is so helpful. The room was spotless, quiet, comfy bed, lots of pillows and updated bathroom. Parking garage right around the corner and no need for the car, you can walk or ride the subway. Loads of restaurants, safe neighborhood.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location but not much else....	We spent 2 nights at this hotel based on the reviews of trip advisors. We were looking for a good location in the middle of the quartier latin to give us a feel of urban life in Montreal and Hotel St-Denis did in fact deliver this. Univ of Quebec at Montreal is right across the street. Rue St Catherine is one block away and it is full of life and has everything you can imagine (park, church, grocery store, pharmacy, eateries, pubs and many more...). The subway station is also just a 5 minute walk. . Our teenager just loved the whole urban scene..Other than the location, I thought St. Denis was just an average place. The bldg is old and it looks like there was some recent remodeling done. The beds were firm and comfy and the bathroom was laid out weirdly but clean. The Air Cond was loud but we were so exhausted from exploring the city all day that we weren't too bothered. When it turned cool in the morning my husband turned off the AC and that's when we realized how loud it was. Our room window looked right into someone else window so we have the drape partially closed during the little time we were in the room.	
Aug 25 2009 	Once again it was perfect.	We went to Hotel St-Denis again this year and were pleasantly surprised by the new wood floor they put in the room. It is a a nice touch! The location is obviously excellent and the staff that was working on this particular week-end wass joyfull and ready to help. They even lend us an umbrella for the night. For sure we will be back this year.	
Aug 24 2009 	Small hotel located in busy area	Hotel St-Denis is an old building (which was renovated!). Therefore, our room was pretty small, as well as the bathroom. The hallways looked pretty dated, but the bedroom was ok. It was clean and comfortable, despite the size. The staff was really friendly and the hotel offered free wireless internet.The only really bad thing is that the street was really busy even at night and the air conditioning was too noisy.	
Aug 18 2009 	Perfect Location but very outdated	Hotel St Denis is the next street over from the Greyhound Bus Station and a 2 min walk to the metro station. In fact you can actually walk right into the city centre and all the pubs and restaurants in 10-15mins so it is great, location wise. It is very cheap, especially given that we were there during the Jazz Festvial. The rooms are very small with the en suite barely being big enough to turn around in and you can still smell stale smoke even though we were in a non-smoking room. It is clean enough and there's an ice machine in the hall, with a nice little cafe downstairs and free wi-fi throughout the hotel. All in all I would stay here again because the location is perfect and the price is very reasonable - i can put up with the small room and outdated decor for the location and price offered in this european style hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Location Location Location	My Husband and I wanted to go away for our anniversary without stepping on a plane, so off in the car to Montreal. We had a package deal for two nights that included parking and one breakfast. It was WELL worth it, true there are no fancy soaps and shampoos, but our room was large and CLEAN, we barely heard a peep from any of the other guests. This being our first trip to Montreal, the location was fabulous, we were walking distance from the old port and were right in the latin quarter. The two restaurants on either side of the hotel are great too. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jun 23 2009 	modest perfection	Hotel St. Denis is not a fancy-pants place. It is simple and understated. But the location is very central and would really suit a traveller who doesn't want to be in the commercial centre at a big Hilton or in a similar major chain hotel. The rooms are very clean and tastefully decorated. Wonderful wooden - not carpeted - floors. It is comfortable, cozy, quiet, and it's easy to get anywhere in Montreal from here, especially Old Montreal, but also the major museums and the University and the many shops, restaurants, cafes, bars and neighbourhoods nearby.I'm in a room with a king size bed - extremely good mattress - and I'm appreciating the free wifi and the big enough TV. Extremely good value, and I'd stay here again, for sure!	
Jun 14 2009 	A Great Place to Stay	St. Denis is in the heart of the Latin Quarter, which is the heart of Montreal. The St. Denis is probably one of the best values. It's not opulent, but impeccably clean, with great service. Right next to a Bixi bicycle rental station, of which there are 300 throughout Montreal and the best way to see the city.	
Jun 4 2009 	excellent locationclean hotel...TINY bathroom but big room!	Stayed in the Hotel St denis for 4 night at the end of may. The location is second to none-right in the middle of all the action(bars&amp;restaurants,clubs,sightseeing,metro,bus station). Rue St Denis is mainly the french-speaking going out area which I loved, lots of jazz clubs,trendy bars and really laid back. Very safe area and we never saw any trouble even walking home at 3am!We got a very reasonable rate of 92$ a night plus tax online and from the reviews on TA we knew the rooms may not be the best out there,but for the price they were fine-they were bang on. Let me say the bed was the comfiest ive ever slept on,with crisp white sheets. Large TV, desk and chair.wooden floors in the room which i liked instead of carpet! only problem was the bathroom,it was seriously tiny.If you stand in the middle and stretch out your arms-you can touch either side!! The shower left just enough room to stand in it, good powerful shower tho! The bathroom so small they had the sink out in the main room which looked quite odd and there were no shelves to put any toiletries....all minor quibbles but this is a review after all! The whole hotel was spotlessly clean, the staff were friendly and helpful, there was good free wireless internet and the location was perfect....I would recommned this to a friend!	
Jun 2 2009 	Small but clean	I was very pleased with my stay at Hotel St-Denis. The hotel is in a very good location (walkable to many sights, clean, free wireless connection, and overall inexpensive. My only complaints: the room was very small and the bathroom was tiny (the sink was outside the bathroom!) and parking was a little expensive ($15/night, but that seemed to be the going rate).	
May 21 2009 	Great value for money. Ideal location!	Nice hotel in the latin Quarter, close to subway and short walk to old Montreal. Also very close to the Mont Royal Plateau.	
May 7 2009 	Love this place!	My husband and I frequently visit Montreal both for personal and business reasons and, as a result, have stayed at many different hotels throughout the city. Hotel St Denis is the one hotel which has consistently provided us with clean, spacious rooms, attentive and courteous staff, and very reasonable rates. The fact that this hotel is centrally located, is literally surrounded by quality restaurants, and within minutes of the metro is only a bonus!!	
Apr 1 2009 	Second time here Love it!	This hotel is in a perfect location and it had everything we needed. This was my second time here and both times I had a very pleasant stay. I booked the budget room, a smaller room, but we were just sleeping in it so the size of it didnt matter. This room also had a mini fridge which was great for keeping water and beer cold. It looked as if our room on the second floor was just redone- It had nice, very clean hardwood floor and new shower and tile. I would have to say that the bed is the most comfortable one that I have ever slept on. The bathroom is quite small (in the budget room) with no bath tub, but it was suitable. Our room was facing St Denis street, and even with the window cracked at night, we didnt wake up due to noise outside. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, they answered all of our questions and directed us to montreals &quot;hot spots&quot;. The hotel rooms come with free wifi interent, you just need to ask the front desk for the code and they can give it to you. Parking is right around the corner with a secure garage with video survalliance for $15 Cad. a day, which is not too bad for parking in the city. Overall, this hotel is great. I have read the bad reviews and I just think that those people are expecting much more than what they are paying for, this isnt the Hilton, it is a cute, well kept, very clean hotel in the heart of montreal.	
Mar 4 2009 	Delightful Cute and Clean hotel in a great location	I booked this hotel on Expedia for only $58 a night - i wasn't expecting much at this price, but I was pleasantly shocked. The receptionist was very pleasant, the room smelled as if had just been renovated (that new construction smell), the facilities were clean and new-looking, and it had the most comfortable bed i have ever slept on. I did not want to leave this hotel. The only small drawbacks are that the internet was very slow and that the building itself is old and the heating is centrally controlled, so my boyfriend was too hot one night and was told the only way to make the room cooler was to open the window a crack. Otherwise I cannot speak highly enough of this small, great-value hotel. Very centrally located- close to pretty much everything, as well as a central Metro stop. I was able to walk here from the bus station in about 5 mins. Also the cafe attached to the hotel has good food (amazing desserts) and is reasonably priced. And you don't have to go out in the freezing weather to enter it! Also, our room, facing an interior courtyard, was extremely quiet - I don't know about rooms facing the street.	
Sep 9 2008 	Surprising small charming hotel!	We book our hotel through Orbitz at the last minute, not really knowing where it was. We arrived late and a nice gentlemen was there to welcome us. Everything was clean and the beds were perfect. All the staff was really helpful; they take the time to answer all our question and find us every night a nice restaurant to eat at.Without hesitation, we will book this hotel again!	
Sep 6 2008 	Best rest spot in a hectic city	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 10 days. We just landed from JFK after staying there for 3 days in a 3 star hotel where there was no place in the room for 2 suitcases. We discovered upon arrival a spacious room and a decent bathroom with a bathtub. The room was clean and they made sure it stayed this way for the whole stay. One thing I carry around in my travels: my pillow. Needless to say, i left it in my suitcase after I discovered their pillows. I must say this hotel was exaclty what we needed, a resting place after a long day of wandering in the city. And we were there for the Jazz festival wich was just around the corner. Excellent location and for a very affordable price compared to New York or even other 3 star hotels in Montreal.	
Aug 27 2008 	"High price for such a bad service".	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. The room we booked was the Budget room for 90$ + tax. Parking and breakfast were not included so we paid 12 dollars extra for parking. We ended up paying 123$ for staying one night. The room and bathroom were very small and damp, however they were clean. I won't recommend this hotel to my friends. You can find better hotels with the same price and much better service.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good location	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for one week while visiting our friend in Montréal. We mainly chose this hotel because our friend lives in the next street so it was convenient to stay at this location. The location is excellent, only a few minute walk to a big metro station, very close to Chinatown, St Catherine street (shopping, restaurants...) and the St Denis street has a lot of restaurants and shops also.The beds were comfortable and the room was clean and comfortable in size. The air conditioning was a bit loud and there came a bad smell when we turned it on so we just had the window open.There's a nightclub close by at the St Denis street so in the weekend there was a bit of a noise from the street. Also in the morning around 8 there was a cleaning truck or something like that on the street that made a bit of noise, but nothing horrible. Just normal big city life noise I would say.If you're looking for a basic clean room at a good location then this is a good choise.	
Aug 14 2008 	Amazing Location!	My girlfriend and I had taken the greyhound bus from Toronto, and the hotel was walking distance from the Greyhound station and the Metro station. The hotel was very nice and cozy and the staff was very helpful. We got a regular room and it was very clean and a decent size also. The location is the most important thing about this hotel! It is close to EVERYTHING, and the street is very old-fashioned and has a wonderful feeling to it. The rates were very reasonable also, and the restaurant next door is amazing for any meal. Our first time in Montreal was an amazing experience, and it will now become a yearly thing. I will definitely be going back to Hotel St. Denis!	
Jul 21 2008 	Good Location	My husband and I and some friends stayed here 1 night en route from the 'Super Aqua Club' to Ottawa. The location was excellent to enjoy the Just For Laughs festival. The location is also excellent if you want to walk to Old Montreal, Chinatown, shopping on St. Catherine Street, the restaurants in the Latin Quarter, and the subway. The price was good for accomodations during the festival. The rooms are very basic and could use new carpets and a paint job, however the bathrooms are extremely clean and the beds are comfortable. Amenities are very basic. Although the building is dated, it did not have that old hotel musty smell. Some street noise could be heard in the early morning but the air conditioner could drown it out. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay here again during the festival, however I would find the rooms a bit overpriced at other times in the year.	
Jun 26 2008 	Sunny funny happy!	I was in Hotel St-Denis last week-end and i'm so happy with it that I decide to book again for my August holiday! Everybody were so nice and happy to help...The manager that was passing by on Sunday send me to a really fun happening call &quot;The Pic Niks&quot; on the island. I had a blast! The location of the hotel is also excellent to visit the city walking... The rooms were clean and cozy...It was a perfect trip!	
Jun 16 2008	The worst reservation experience	Before starting I must say that my rating is not for the hotel but for their attitude. I never stayed at this hotel.I tried to make a reservation for the Grand Prix weekend. All the hotels were fully booked, and I could just find this only room in this hotel for some 200+ CAD. We were going 3 people, and I gave the lady on the phone all the details including my credit card information. At the end of the phone call she asked me to confirm the details and she started to tell me everything back. She must have misheard me, and right after she said &quot;for one person&quot;, I corrected her and said it is for 3, not 1. She said that room is not good for 3 people but 2 max. So, she didn't let me reserve the room for 3, and I said ok, I am not booking it then. A week later, I saw that amount had been charged on my credit card. I called them immediately. They couldn't find my name in the computer. They asked me to call a couple of days later to talk to Catherine (I don't know how to spell her name), the manager. I called them on that day and no one picked up my phone. After like 6 calls at different times on the same day, finally I could talk to someone who connected me to Catherine. I told her the story. And she said &quot;your story is hard to believe.&quot; She couldn't find my name in the computer either. Then she put me on hold to go through some stuff. Later, I guess she found that amount had been charged for no show for the room &quot;I booked&quot;. I repeated once again that I had never booked the room. She said &quot;the one you talked to must have told you everything correctly, and you must have misunderstood. I don't believe your story and I won't refund this amount back.&quot; This conversation lasted for a couple more minutes as I was going insane. Then she finally said, ok, I will refund it but I still don't believe you.I go to Montreal very often, but I don't think I will ever stay at that hotel in the future. The hotel may be nice but this experience was enough for me.	
May 27 2008 	Nice hotel... but not at night !	Nice little hotel, just the basics, which was fine with me, as that is all I look for, when traveling (frequent business traveler).However, I was disturbed by one aspect, only one, but so much so, that I will never again go to this hotel or reccomend it to any work collegue or friend: the rudeness, and very unprofessional attitude, of the night clerks there !I stayed there for a little over a week or so and EACH TIME that I came back to my room lateat night (after my meetings) the man who was at the counter went out of his way to make me feel not at all welcomed there ! ** Probably the full-time night clerk... as I had the misfortune of crossing paths with him on four or five nights in a row (though their week-end night clerk was not exactly &quot;Mr. Guest Service&quot; either, but still much better than the one I came across (most often) during my last two previous stays there.The young man (Nick ?) greeted me very coldly (when he DID great me at all) each time that I passed through the lobby and the few times that I asked him for directions (ect) he made it a point to let me know that I was &quot;bothering him&quot; by sighing, and rolling his eyes, and answering me in a very exasperated tone of voice... and, on one of those occasions, if he was not drunk on the job, then he did a very good imitation of someone who was !At first, I thought that it (somehow) might be me. But, after one on my encounters with him, I got to talking with a couple (who had walked in while I was trying to deal with him), as we went up the elevator, and they told me that he had been equally as rude to them the previous night ! ** I do wish to stress that the day and evening people were much more curteous than he is but with my work schedule (when I am out on business) as it is, I mainly had that night guy to deal with, as opposed to Such a pity, I have been going to the St-Denis for a little over two years now and though this is the only bad aspect here, and only recently at that (like I have said, I have been coming here for two years now, and I had never had this kind of trouble before, with any of the staff, be it night or day).	
May 18 2008	Really good hotel	My friends and I stayed at Hotel St. Denis in March 2006, and I'm just getting around to writing a review now. It is very good value for money. I think we paid about $75.00/room per night. The rooms were clean, well maintained and elegant. The location is in the heart of downtown Montreal. There is a lovely restaurant next door that serves a great breakfast. I would highly recommend it.	
May 8 2008	Love the location and price!	We had a wonderful stay at Hotel St. Denis. The location in the latin Quarter is unbeatable, a close walk to all sorts of great restaurants, museums and concert venues. And a hop, skip and jump to the metro!The neighborhood is pretty nice and seemed relatively safe. Since it IS a city, you might hear a lot of noise in the alleyways at night, but overall nothing too terrible.Parking for the hotel is around the corner, and when we stayed the rate as 12 dollars a day at the garage, not bad for the city.Our room was clean and roomy and the front desk staff was very nice.The hotel is right next to a cute little bar/eatery called Kilo, which seems to have a young, hip vibe and makes some great sandwiches (I recommend the mango and chevre panini!).Also included in your Hotel stay are vouchers for breakfast at the neighboring eatery, Pacini. Certainly beats your usual continental breakfast of stale bagels with your usual hotel stay!Overall, we would definitely stay here again, the location and price and quality for your dollar are unbeatable.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	We stayed here March 14th and 15th for a weekend getaway. We booked 2 large rooms to accomodate our 6 person party. Each room had 2 queen beds and a sofa with a pull out bed. Because of a cancellation we didn't need to use the pull out bed but it seemed like it would be about the size of a double bed. The rooms were basic and very large. We were impressed with how much room there was with plenty of closet space for 3 people. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was clean and quite acceptable.Our experiences with the front desk staff were very good. They were extremely helpful and willing to answer any and all questions we had. The cleaning staff seemed thorough, though we didn't use them in the room I stayed in because a member of our party was ill for most of the second day. A particular bright sport for us was cafe/bar attached to the hotel, Kilo. They had delicious sandwiches and desserts and excellent drink specials from 4-9 (2 for 1 beers for as little as $3.50, amazing deal compared to prices in normal bars in Montreal). The staff at the restaurant were very friendly and gave us good recommendations on where to go for a night out. We spent both early evenings here taking advantage of the nice atmosphere and prices.Probably the best thing about the hotel is the location. You're a couple minute walk from bars and restaurants, about a 10 minute walk from Chinatown and about 15-20 to the heart of Old Montreal.Overall, I was very pleased with our experience with Hotel St Denis. The hotel isn't a destination in itself but it is definitely an exceptional base to explore Montreal at a reasonable price without sacrificing service.	
Dec 31 2007 	Location Location Location!	We loved the location of this hotel. We were intown for a festival, and were able to walk back and forth with ease. Along the walking route from the hotel, mainly on the Rue St. Laurence, was everything else we could need, from great Indian food to good cheap pizza, to shopping venues, to fun local bars. Our room was clean and the housekeeping staff was thorough. Yes, the hotel is old and things are worn, and the budget rom is about the size of a walk in closet, but if you aren't going to be in your room much and don't need in room ammenities then the price is right. The hotel is in a colorful neighborhhod, across the street from the University, so it is likely you will run into local characters, which could include prostitutes and homeless persons, but for us, the local flavor and atmosphere only enhanced the experience. Great for folks like us on a tight budget; great location; friendly folks; and very secure inside.	
Nov 21 2007	Really good trip Nice staff	I was in Montreal last week-end and the trip was excellent. The room was clean and calm. The staff was professional and they were going out of their way to help us with finding restaurants and attractions. Yes, the hotel is located downtown with all the starnge people on the street but as soon as we pass the doors of the hotel... Everything is peaceful and confortable.For sure i will be back in this hotel.	
Nov 15 2007 	You can do a lot better in Montreal without spending a lot more.	Oftentimes, reading reviews on TripAdvisor, I wonder if other reviewers are grading based on an absolute level of quality, or on the relative value provided. Having stayed at the St-Denis, I can only conclude that it has earned such a high score on the basis of its low cost. Even then, that must be based on the high season, because on my visit this November, some great hotels I'd been to (the Omni, the Kutuma) were only a little bit more expensive. To put it simply, the loss of quality was not worth the savings in money.I will give the hotel credit where due: It was clean. It was worn down a bit (old stains on the carpet and furniture), but clearly not un-cared for or unsanitary. Housekeeping was quite thorough. The location was excellent for those wanting to be close to all the metros, and a mere block away from the gay village.My praise must end there. The walls were exceedingly thin -- or at least the floors and ceiling were, as my friend and I were frequently disturbed by noise from our downstairs neighbors or from the hallway. The bed linens, though clean, were as worn-down as the rest of the room, and certainly not of a &quot;3 Star&quot; quality (who gives those stars out anyways?). Most irritating of all, the &quot;free wi-fi&quot; that I paid for when I booked the reservation was out of commission the entire time I was there. According to the front desk clerk I talked to, this was not an uncommon occurrance, and they certainly exhibited no great desire to repair it quickly, and in fact seemed rather irritated that I asked about it more than once.So, beware, TripAdvisor travelers -- the St. Denis will provide you with a clean space to lay your head, but not much else. Unless it is far and away a better deal than more reputable hotels when you visit, do yourself a favor, and spend a little extra to find comfort and service!	
Aug 27 2007 	Not a 3-star hotel	We stayed one night last weekend, which was enough. The price was right, but the room was extremely smoky, and the bathroom smelled very musty. There were cigarette burns on the carpet and on the bathtub! If you stay, and you don't like smoke, be sure to ask for a non-smoking room, if they even offer them.	
Aug 17 2007 	Excellent value for money	We loved this hotel. It is wonderfully convenient and in easy walking distance of all of Montreal's sights - you can't go wrong whichever direction you walk from the door. It was very clean and well appointed, staff were friendly and the breakfast was excellent. Car parking was a little expensive, but it is covered and secure, which so close to the city centre is a real bonus. Our room was comfortable and immaculate.	
Aug 16 2007 	Hotel St. Denis = Good value great location convenient to Metro.	My fiance and I stayed at Hotel St. Denis on 8/9/07 to 8/14/07 in room 411.Things I liked:1) Free Wireless Internet, very helpful for planning the next day each night.2) Through travelocity, I paid roughly $50/night, which is a great deal for the location of the hotel and the size of the rooms.3) Metro is a 2 minute walk from the hotel.4) Everyone was friendly and polite.5) Lots of cafes, restaurants and boutiques are less than 5 minutes away on Rue St. Denis.Don't stay here if you:1) Want a bellhop to handle your bags2) Dislike homeless people.3) Expect a lavish room or room service.Overall a great hotel experience, exactly what I was looking for at a great price.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Value	First time reservation for two nights prompted by positive reviews on TripAdvisor and excellent rate. Glad I did! Central location made for quick walking jaunts to Old Montreal, shopping on St. Catherine St. and visit to great variety of pubs and eateries on St. Denis St. The room was small but comfortable and very clean. Service was top notch - I called reception at 6:30am as hairdryer was missing from room ... a new one was brought up in under 2 minutes. The food at Pacini's next door was terrific (hotel included a full breakfast at Pacini's). Only minor complaint was a noisy air conditioner. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Great Value for Money	Easily booked online and got confirmation the following day. Booked a single room with a king bed and got an upgrade to a room with jacuzzi. Front desk was friendly. Underground hotel parking was very close. $12.50 for overnight parking. Also had free high speed internet that I didn't know about until we checked out.	
Jul 27 2007 	Amazing	excellent place to stay...service was great.restaurants and great places to eat right beside. Metro not even a 2 min walk. this was my first trip with my boyfriend and we celeberating our anniversary. The staff was very helpful and was present 24 hrs a day. rooms were clean and nicely spaced. Free wireless internet was a great feature. Would go to no other hotel if i go back.	
Jul 23 2007	Check your Bathroom	Inspect your room! We had room 209 and were surprised to find that the bathroom door doesn't close. There is a handle, but no bolt to click-in-place, and no locking device either! We also didn't have a shower curtain. The staff at 6:00 p.m. couldn't help us, but when we mentionned this to the night auditor at 11:30 p.m., he found us a curtain and had it installed within minutes of our request. The Pacini restaurant next door is great, as well as the free breakfast. This was a clean room, great price, great breakfast, but with a few things that need looking into.	
Jul 6 2007 	Pretty good. Would stay again.	Positives: Great bed, nice jacuzzi. Good price.Negatives: 1 - Breakfast is NOT included. But it's only $5 which is cheaper than getting it on your own. 2 - VERY noisy AC. 3 - No concierge services: no money changing/few maps of the city available, etc.This is the perfect hotel if what you are looking for is a place to sleep after a day &amp; night of rocking in this extraordinary city. If you're looking for a 1st class experience stay somewhere else.	
Jun 10 2007 	Good value for money	Chose this property based on the good reviews found on Tripadvisor. Happy to say they did not disappoint. Very clean property, comfortable bed, in an adequate sized room, and free dependable wireless internet (a plus!)Drawbacks: NOISEY air conditioner - so bad, the only time we had it on was when we weren't in the room and because the AC unit takes up half the window, there's only a small section of window to see out of at the top.Neighborhood was OK.. very central to metro, old Montreal ect. but we spent alot of our time walking up St. Denis to the great restaurants further up the hill (mont-royal metro stn.)Overall though, very good value for money... our complaints were very minimal... if you're on a budget, this property is a good fit.	
Jun 4 2007 	Hotel St-Denis - Comfort 	I stayed here May 30-June 2nd while in town on business, the business of tasting beer at the &quot;Mondiale de Biere Festival&quot; (but that' review is for another website). This well-maintained hotel is located directly off the Latin Quarter and very close to the Berri-UQAM Metro Station (Look for the sign &quot;Sortie rue St-Denis&quot;) and the Central Bus Station, a stop for the Airport Shuttle - very convenient for me.A problem-free check-in (you can leave your bags until the room is ready) led to a nice room, big enough for anyone planning to spend their time visiting the city, though plainly furnished, a criteria never important to me. A whiff of fresh paint indicated recent renovation. Note: this renovation did not include the bathroom plumbing; let the shower run for a few minutes before stepping in, or .......... brrrrrrr!Next door to the left is Kilo, a bistro with a wild, wild entryway you will want to photograph while to the right is Pacini, an attractive restaurant where guests belly up to a complimentary breakfast, which includes the Bread Bar.I recommend Hotel St-Denis to anyone seeking convenience and comfort. All in all, a wonderful place when in Montreal; the money you save can be used to savor a few pints (&quot;pinte&quot; here) of some delicious Quebec beer - Boreale Rousse for example.	
May 31 2007 	Good Choice	I would suggest this hotel if you are looking for one that is economical and in a convenient location. This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel, but it is clean, safe, &amp; fairly priced.I found the location to be good in terms of its proximity to the subway- about a block away &amp; on the same street. There was a restaurant next door which was good and a mini market a few doors down. There were MANY restaurants and shops within walking distance. Parking was just around the corner @ only $12 a day through the hotel.The staff at the hotel were VERY helpful. They printed out maps &amp; directions upon request &amp; also promptly answered other requests.	
May 24 2007 	Good Low-End Hotel	I was here on business/pleasure and stayed here for 6 nights and was overall very happy with the hotel. If you are like me and when you travel all a hotel is to you is a place to sleep and shower, then you can't do much better that this for the price. Rooms were clean and the staff was helpful and the location is excellent as far as access to subway and downtown areas. One thing to be aware of is that there are some seedy areas around (sex shops), but they are not visable from the hotel, or on the same street as the hotel. On the other hand, since the hotel is close to the university and areas with lots of night life, there are lots of late night eats open which is something I like. I checked in after midnight on the day I arrived and had no problem finding a place to eat after traveling all day.Another thing to be aware of is if you have a room on the street and like to sleep in, then it can get noisy. I found this out my first night and requested another room and they moved me to a room in the back which was much quieter. The elevators were down some of the time I was there, but I always use the stairs anyway, so this was no issue to me (I was on 5th floor out of 6). The rooms did not have air conditioning, so that might be an issue in the summer, but I was very comfortable.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great Location Great Food Great Service	I enjoyed the location, it is close to everything and once you start to walk about 2 miles out you end up in the middle of the city. The hotel, has two great restrurants next to it and they are great. The services is great, however, the building is old and the carpet was old looking and the rooms are small. The beds where not that good but the services was impeccable.I took my son with me and it was a bit uncomfortable for us. However, two adults this is great. If you care a lot about the bed you may want to look at other places. Because my back hurted during my stay. However everything else was great. They are very clean and nice and everyone is smiling. I enjoyed the service and they made me feel comfortable.If you are vacationing with children you should really consider the hotel and the little extras they can be priceless. However, this hotel let me get in the city and also the local area and kind of better understand the life of the people there. It is not in the high tourist area but very close to it. So you get to see a lot. I think this place is great. i would return if I am on a budget beucase now I know what to except. But, if I am to get better I will.	
Apr 9 2007 	Perfect for those with a car budget and need to be near the subway!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel during the busy Labor Day weekend and found that this hotel was exactly what we were looking for. 24 hour desk, helpful employees who spoke English as well as French. The parking is around the corner, and though a little sketchy we could take our car out as we pleased and return it later for a flat rate. Granted they charged us per day, but it was reasonable for the city. The area around it is the Latin Quarter--there are good restaurants, plenty of cafes and the subway was 1 block from our hotel. We're young (in our mid-twenties) and the bed was comfortable, the accommodations were simple and clean, and we felt safe. The elevator is a little small, but efficent, and our room was very quiet. I will def. stay at this hotel again for the price, cleanliness, and 24 hour desk and parking!	
Feb 8 2007	Not what was advertised	While this is rated as a 3 star, it is more like a Quebec 2 1/2 star.I booked through the Montreal tourist office (absolutely fabulous service - always has been) and they spotted a good price (comparable to other 3 stars) that included 2 full breakfasts.When getting to the hotel I found out there were no breakfasts and there hadn't been for 2 months (with the supplying kitchen closed) - total 5$ / night was removed from the bill (a token for two people and the inconvenience). They had not change their listings with the trourist office in this time and I would not have booked there if there was not some breakfast, a basic expectation for small Montreal hotels and B&amp;Bs.The restaurent beside the hotel opens late and closes early.Otherwise desk help was friendly.Parking is 12$ per night in a garage near the hotel - OKThere is great value in Montreal in 2 and 3 stars not to have surprises	
Jan 30 2007 	Convenient location clean rooms great value!	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in my winter getaway in January. I'm glad I chose this hotel as it gave me the convenience and comfort that really made my Montreal experience from great to superb! I like its location best, as its literally around the corner (2-minute walk) from the Berri-UQAM metro station, which connects both metro lines and you can get to all Downtoan and Plateau Mont-Royal attractions in a single ride. It is connected to the Greyhound terminal, which is also where the airport shuttle terminates. The rooms are well maintained. They have everything you need, towels, bodywash, shampoo, hair dryer. The bed was king-sized. I paid CAD$75 for the room. It's a great room for this value.I was initially concerned when I read some reviews saying this hotel was near the red-light district, but I didn't notice such activities. To be fair, I didn't walk around the neighbourhood too much, but between the hotel and the metro station, things look fine, all there is is a university across the street.Will recommend to budget-minded travellers. If you plan to explore Montreal by public transportation like I did, this hotel is for you.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great value Comfortable and Clean	My partner and I stayed at the Hotel St Denis for 12 nights over Christmas, 2006. Overall we found this hotel to be clean, comfortable and extremely convenient for the cafes, bars and restaurants of Saint Denis. Here is our summary:Pros:- Great Location - 3 metro stops from main downtown area- Room cleaned daily- AMAZINGLY comfortable Queen sized bed (room 217)- Large (25 inch) television- Cheerful multi-lingual reception staffCons:- Very noisy (Next room's shower, pigeons at window, early morning garbage pick-ups at building's rear)- Sheets/towels cleaned using far too much Javel Water/BleachThere is usually breakfast available however during our stay the breakfast room was being renovated.Overall if you can get this hotel for around CAD$70 per night you are getting an absolute bargain compared to other hotels in this price range. On this basis it gets our highest recommendation.	
Dec 29 2006 	good for the price	I spend 70 dollars for a king size bed bedroom. The blanket and sheet and carpeting are a little bit aged but clean. Bathroom is also clean except a little stain on the ceiling near the shower. Staffs are ok and helpful. Pay 12 dollars for parking and it really save a lot of work. Would consider stay again.	
Nov 19 2006 	Nice hotel - Good value for money. Location not great	Stayed here for one night. The hotel itself is perfectly adequate: clean, up to date with good internet access and friendly staff. Breakfast is OK. For the price it is very good.Only thing to watch out for is the location. While it is near all the sights it is one block away from the red light district which has some unsavoury characters walking around it (and using the phone booths to relieve themselves.)	
Nov 1 2006	Quaint clean and very efficient	I went to Montreal in Sept. 06 the weather was cold and the hotel was cool. It was the first time for me going and my travel mate is a native Montrealan ( I hope that's how you say it ). I did not want to spend a lot and wanted to drive up from Philadelphia so parking was something to consider. I travel a lot and have stayed at very nice hotels and very crappy hotels in different parts of the world. I would say for the price this was a wonderful deal. My room was small to average ( like a room I had in Paris ) with no air conditioning ( did not need it in Sept. but what about July? ). My bed was a full size bed pretty comfy and bathroom was clean ( shower without great water pressure ). Parking I think was $12 dollars (double check price ) you get a parking card to park around the corner (dirty little street but safe parking) then you pay at check out. I must say the hotel served its purpose for me. I wanted a spot that after hanging in the city I could come to and relax in and I found that. It is certainly not a luxury or boutique style hotel but the price and location make it worth trying out. Oh yes I can't say a thing about the staff because I was in and out all the time and paid them no mind other than to say, &quot;bonjour&quot;.Elisha	
Oct 28 2006 	Great Stay for the Price!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the St Denis for 2 nights last weekend, we were in Montreal to visit some family and really didn't want to spend a ton of money for a quick trip. Of course, we also didn't want to sleep with cockroaches &amp; crackheads either! This is always a concern when travelling to large cities, price versus class. I have to say that while the St Denis is not an luxuurious hotel it is very clean, conveniently located and reasonably priced. Our only complaint would be the plumbing, when showering, you basically have 2 choices; a cold shower or a hot drip! My husband was particularly annoyed by this but I figured it was a small price to pay for the benefits. We travel quite often and feel fairly well qualified to judge hotels and when I compare the St Denis to other hotels in the same price range in other major cities, the St Denis blows them away! We once stayed at a hotel in South Beach in the same price range and really did wake up to crackheads on the font stoop, left over from the night before! So if you want a affordable &amp; clean hotel, within walking distance of clubs, restuarants &amp; tourists areas, in the downtown Montreal area, the St Denis is excellent choice, if you want more than that, be ready to pay for it!	
Oct 27 2006	not bad	The hotel was fine- not great. The room was rather small but we could manage. As for the location- the neighbourhood didn't seem dangerous but there were lots of sex shops, sex clubs etc around.The front desk was ok but they didn't seem to go out of their way to help you. It was one of the only places we visited which didn't give us maps. On Saturday morning breakfast is not served before 9:00, and no one bothered to tell you ahead. As we were in a hurry to the airport we just walked a few blocks to have breakfast.I don't think I'd stay in this hotel once more.	
Oct 25 2006 	Clean Friendly Great location!	We found this hotel by walking from another one that we could not stay at because of the condition of the room. We found this hotel to be clean, very courteous staff, quiet, conveniently located in the downtown area. We were able to walk to everything from the hotel and never had to take the car out of the garage. Our room was large, had very comfortable beds, and was impeccably clean. Bathrooms are a big deal to me when travelling, and this was very clean and sanitized. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for GREAT value for the money. It is not 4 star, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere, but it is certainly 3+ in my books. Everything you could ask for on a budget. We even had a coffee maker, ironing board and iron in our room!	
Oct 11 2006 	Excellent choice	I recently stayed two nights at this hotel and was very pleased with it. Pros:The location can't be better, with a metro station two blocks away and the central bus station three blocks away. Also, Ste. Catherine street is just steps away, and you can walk to the old town too. The front-desk staff is very helpful. I arrived early in the morning, when there still weren't any rooms available, so I was given a key to a big locker for my luggage for free. The restaurant/bistro serves excellent food at very affordable prices with very good service by very friendly staff. My room was quiet, confortable, well decorated, of good size, had everything I could possibly need, and most importantly, was very clean. Finally, it's really affordable.Cons:The lobby feels too smallMy room was a little too dark, but okThe a/c was loud and inefficient (fortunately, I didn't really need it)Conclusion: I would return for sure!	
Oct 9 2006 	Nice Hotel Great Location	We spent 5 nights at Hotel Saint Denis over a long labor Day weekend. It is a very nice Intown Hotel. The best thing about it was the location, right across from the Berri train station that connects 2 main subway lines &amp; at the Intersection of St. Denis and St. Catherine. It is in a college area, so there are lots of young people around. There is a mall with a grocery store a couple of blocks down St. Catherine. Going North on St. Denis, there are some nice restaurants and clubs with a bit of a Bohemian atmosphere in the neighborhood. We did not eat at the Hotel, but there is a Panini Restaurant next door that we had 2 good meals at.The room itself was average with an above average bed, which is all we really care about. The bathroom was newly remodeled with a good shower. The TV had about 30 channels, I believe. The coffee in the room was some of the best in room coffee I've ever had. The front desk staff were all helpful. The only real problem was a noisy air conditioner in our room that kept us awake at night when the compressor kicked on. We did not complain to the hotel about it because we thought we would get used to it. We never did. I'm sure if we said something to them, they would have corrected it. This is just an reminder to check that out if you decide to stay there.All in all I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for good value accomodations in downtown Montreal.	
Oct 7 2006	good value	It's good value for the money. The rooms were comfortable andthe location was good. Staff was nice. The price had includeda free breakfast in the coffeeshop next door but we found outthat this has changed. The coffee shop changed ownershipand the hotel told us they weren't sure what the deal would bewith the new coffee shop owners. The deal currently incudesan $8, breakfast at another nearby restaurant.	
Aug 20 2006 	The good and the bad	The good:location in interesting and convenient part of town, very near metro, low price, free breakfast, very large room, clean (esp. bathroom), one very firm bed, generally quiet, one block from bike path on Rue Berri which leads down to the waterfrontThe bad:a number of unsavory characters panhandling on blocks near hotel, very long wait for breakfast, very noisy air conditioner, other rather sagging bed, windows opened onto air shaft, rather smoky due to proximity to hotel laundry where chambermaids congregated and smoked (?), room rather dark and plainAlso of note: called hotel directly to book extra large room (2 queens and a sofa bed), and was told none were available. Ended up booking &quot;superior room&quot; on Hotels. A week before our arrival, had to call hotel to change dates by one day, and was offered extra large room for our whole stay. Perhaps one had become available....Recommendation: go to La Brioche Lyonnaise just up Rue St. Denis for beautifully presented and delicious breakfasts in their rear garden.All in all, would possibly stay there again for the location and the price.	
Aug 19 2006	Affordable Downtown	Surrounded by these cool lounges, pubs and cafes, St. Denis stands out for the location, the price and the cleanliness. It is a small hotel, yet it is located in Center City, on one of the main streets where the hip pubs are located. St. Denis is a walking distance from everywhere (Old City, Museums, Latin Square etc...)The rooms not bad in size, and great. The service was quick and the front desk staff were very friendly (They provided us with maps and tips on where to go, best places to eat, etc...). WIll I go back to St. Denis? Sure! I do not see my self paying top dollars to be in a Sheraton, or Hilton, when I can find the same quality and comfort at a smaller hotel, in Center City Montreal.	
Aug 5 2006	Cozy and Charming	Great location, easy walking distance to everything. The rooms were clean and quiet and each had its own A/C, something we really appreciated during the heat wave. The prices were excellent and I would stay there again, no question. Catherine at the front desk was a treasure -- she told us about a really great Portuguese restaurant that was one of the highlights of our trip. (As soon as I find out the name, I'll post a review.) Also, the restaurant which ajoins (L'Address, I think) was wonderful, just in case you don't care to venture outside.	
Jul 27 2006 	Excellent Value	Stayed the night of July 21st for the Just for Laughs festival. I booked the room on Orbitz a couple of weeks before and got the room for $95 CDN. I was very pleased with the location. It is right next to the Berri-UQAM metro station near the corner of St Denis and St Catherine. The room abutted a courtyard that appeared to be shared with the university, so there was no street noise. The room itself was basic but clean and comfortable. My air conditioner was small, but I set it to 66 and was comfortable. The queen bed slept well and the free breakfast was filling (sausage, potatoes, toast, coffee). The elevator is quite slow so just take the stairs adjacent if you are on the first couple of floors and don't have much luggage. The room was without an alarm clock and facial tissues, but I had brought my own and it wasn't a great inconvenience.Parking can be had for $12 CDN. I found the garage and parked before checking in. Though the spaces are numbered they didn't seem to have a problem with where I parked when I discussed it with the front desk. Since I had already parked, the front desk attendant told me that it would be cheaper to just use the ticket I received when I parked rather than using a pass the hotel gives you. It turns out it cost me $15 to get out. So, take the pass the hotel gives you at check in.	
Jul 12 2006	Affordable and Clean	For 112 CND pp (inc. taxes) St.Denis was a very good deal. The location is great... It's located right on St. Catherine and we walked everywhere inc. club area, Notre-Damme and Museum of Contemporary Arts, Old Montreal, China Town, etc. The room itself was pretty basic, but very clean at the same time (same goes for the washroom). Staff was friendly and helpful, parking was secure, the restaurant was also pretty good (although we only had breakfast there). The only drawback is that AC wasn't that powerful, but it was a pretty hot time of the year. I would stay there again.	
Jul 4 2006	Great basic hotel	The room and bathroom were clean, the bed was nice, and the staff is very professional, friendly, and helpful. The hotel restaurant is great for breakfast (excellent crepes), and it is a good bistro, restaurant, wine bar, and pub. Walking left out of the hotel on St Denis Street there are small restaurants, cafes, and shops for third of a mile along St. Denis Street, and then on intersecting Duluth Street in both directions for serveral blocks, there are small restaurants, some are BYO wine and some have terrace dining. Ignore the review about a maid trying to steal clothes (Sounds like a simple mistake to me. Who would want someone's dirty clothes??? Really). Similalry, the area is downtown, urban, lively, but I saw no prostitutes in the street.	
Jun 30 2006	Fantastic	My friend and I both paid £30 per night for our twin room, so weren't expecting anything special, but Denis was great. I understand some of the rooms are small, but ours came equipped with two double beds, a sofa, a tv with cable, coffee making facilities, an iron, hairdryer, and plenty of storage for clothes and the like. There's also a restaurant attached to Denis which makes great meals. We got some vouchers to have our breakfast free for the first three days - after that you have to pay, but the menu offers affordable prices.The Hotel provides exactly what it says on the site. The rooms are clean, and well decorated, and the staff were kind, and very helpful. Apart from the maids, they all spoke perfect english, and were happy to give us directions when we wanted to go somewhere. Most stuff is in walking distance, and if it isn't destinations such as the theme park, and Biodome/Olympic tower/Insectarium/Botanical Gardens are very accessable on the Metro, which has trains running every five minutes. (so no waiting around) I'd recommend Hotel Denis to anyone visiting Montreal. Theyre the best place I've ever stayed in, and if I go back to Montreal, I'd definitely stay there. If any of the staff are reading this, then I'd like to say thank you for the wonderful service. :)	
Jun 11 2006	Great Location and Budget Friendly	My rating might seem high as it's based on the fabulous location/proximity to transportation and area attractions as well as the first rate front desk staff.The rooms are what they are. They are small, the bedding and towels are clean but well used and the bathroom situation is not ideal. The sink basin in our room was located outside the bathroom right next to the front door and the floor below it got wet easily. There is also no counter space. The water closet itself is literally no larger than your bathub at home. You open the door and the toilet and shower stall (the size of a cruise ship one) are face to face with little room to move.That said, parking is located in a garage around the block (on Rue Christin) and is easy to use (no attendant, you get a ticket pass from the hotel and go in/out as you please). The location is right off UQAM and the Berri subway station and you can walk easily to the Underground City, shopping and Vieux Montreal. It's also quite easy to get to locations outside the immediate area by car (e.g. Biodome, Parc Mont-Royal).The front desk staff is helpful, multi-lingual and especially good about giving directions and answering questions about attractions.	
Jun 4 2006	A Great Find	I was very pleased with every aspect of this hotel.The price was great, and the room was nice and clean.The hotel is right in town, so it was easy to get to everything we wanted to see.I also thought all of the staff were very friendly, and I would stay there again if going to Montreal.	
May 23 2006	Quaint gem in the heart of downtown Montreal!	We stayed at the St-Denis for one night (Saturday) with another couple. We prebooked a non-smoking room with two queen beds, and that's exactly what we got. We paid $149, which seemed to be quite inexpensive in Montreal on a long weekend. The front lobby, staircase, hallways and elevator are small and in some places narrow, but all in all it's a great little hotel! Don't expect your typical &quot;chain&quot; atmosphere, and keep in mind that this hotel was originally built in the 20's... The beds were very comfortable, the hotel room, lobby, hallways were all clean and welcoming, and the service we received was friendly and efficient. Parking was just around the corner for $12/night - quite reasonable for an indoor, secure parking lot in downtown Montreal. Once we got there, we parked the car and walked or cabbed anywhere we wanted to go.One thing I found VERY convenient, travelling with another couple, was that the bath/shower was in it's own &quot;bathroom&quot; and the sink/toilet was in a separate &quot;bathroom&quot;. Made showering etc... much easier when we were all trying to get ready!I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is tired of staying in the &quot;big box&quot; hotels, or is just looking for a nice, quaint getaway at a reasonable rate.By the way, I had read reviews here about the hotel being very noisy, but I can say that when I was trying to get to sleep at 2-3ish in the morning on a Saturday night, there was barely a sound to be heard with the windows open... it may depend on which side of the hotel you're on.	
May 2 2006	Pretty Good for the price...	Okay, I would say, overall, you're going to get your moneys worth, as long as you bear in mind that you're not staying at a 5 star...for the most part..I stayed for the weekend, drove from CT and stayed w.my boyfriendThe Good-Staff was super duper friendly, the parking is pretty secure, the room itself is almost impeccable when it came to cleanliness, it is quiet for the msot part and in a pretty decent location...there was a tv with cable a phone, ironing board and hair dryer like the web site advertises...the resutraunt attached to the hotel was amazing, we ate there first..the rooms and the hotel are basically niceThe Bad-The heat is controlled at the front desk and was kept on both nights..when we complained about it, they aploogized but said that there was nothing they could do..there's construction on the beggining on st-denis, and they failed to mention that which made getting there nearly impossible..there was no clock included, although you can program the tv to wake you up..st denis street is loud and somewhat intimidating after 4am, so just beware of the chanting teenagers at 4am	
Apr 24 2006	Loved it!!	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel for 3 days in early April, and had a wonderful stay. The front desk is VERY helpful whether we asked for directions or reccomendations they never seemed fussed to answer us with the best of their ability. The hotel is VERY centrally located as well. Right by the UQAM metro station (which is a major hub on the metro line), as well as Old Montreal. St Denis Street houses so many restaurants and cute cafes and bars we couldn't choose where to eat!The hotel is very clean and the complimentary breakfast next door at the connecting cafe was delicious and very accomoadting before a day out in the city. EVERYONE spoke English so there were no language barriers to overcome or slow down our trip. Our only disappointment was that there was no mini-fridge, however, we managed without it!I highly reccomend this hotel.	
Apr 5 2006	Great Location!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at St. Denis and loved it! The room was clean, and the hotel staff was friendly. There is an amazing bar and restaurant attached to the hotel, so that was great. We had an amazing time and would definitely stay there again. Enjoy!	
Mar 26 2006 	Friendly clean hotel with wonderful stafrf	Staff were particularly helpful, rooms were simple but very clean. There's a delighful restaurant next door. The continental breakfast included was minimal, but full menu was available.	
Jan 3 2006	nice room in the heart of the city	We were pleasantly surprised, when we came to Hotel St. Denis. The room we had was clean and quiet, the price was excellent, and we were right downtown close to everything we wanted to see. The little cafe attached to the hotel was really nice, and the breakfast they served us which is included, was excellent. Not just your plain old continental breakfast. The hallways look like they need some work but the room was stylish and very comfortable. The one draw back is that parking is behind the hotel in an underground garage, that isn't attached to the hotel. We had to run with our suitcase in the rain from the garage to the hotel lobby, but it wasn't that far. We really liked it here and would definitely stay again.	
Sep 1 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Six of us stayed at the Hotel St Denis during Comedy Fest for 5 days. It was probably the best vacation we have ever had. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The staff were very nice, even when we rolled in at 5 o'clock in the morning.!!! The resturant had really good food (and I am fussy).If you go to the resturant in the afternoon I suggest the Cheese Plate and ask the waiter recommend a wine to go with it !!!! We are definatly returning.	
Aug 11 2005	A great Montreal find	I booked this hotel based on the positive TripAdvisor reviews of it that I read, and I was very pleased with my stay. My boyfriend and I were there for one night in August, and we loved the price, location, friendly service, complimentary breakfast, and underground parking. We stayed in a queen-sized room, which was on the small side, but quite comfortable for our one night and had all of the amenities that we expected. The breakfast was served in a bistro adjacent to the hotel and there were excellent choices. There were also Montrealers at the table next to ours, which I take as a good sign that it's more than just a place for the hotel's tourists. The hotel has a great downtown location, very close to a major metro station and a popular stretch of St Denis St., and within reasonable walking distance of many terrific neighbourhoods and attractions. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone because I think that it is such a great deal.	
May 21 2005	For the money it was a good buy	We stayed in this hotel because of the cheap price. The room was clean and we didn't seem to have the same issues that previous guests had. Each stay comes with free breakfast in the French Resturant. We like the resturant so much that we also had a dinner there. It was the best meal we had all week! The only thing we didn't like about the stay was the location. It was in the more bohemian section of town and we actually got verbally assulted by a strung out kid hanging out in front of the hotel. We would recommend this for anyone looking for a low price place to stay, however when we go back we will choose another part of town to stay in.	
Apr 14 2005	this hotel needs new shower heads!	shower pressure too low. when they changed the shower head, the pressure was too strong! I am NOT a picky person, but I'd like to take a shower in august!!	
Aug 26 2004	A mixed bag	We stayed at the Hotel St. Denis in April 2004 with 2 other couples. We are all in our late twenties or early thirties.There are some good things about this little hotel. The rates are a great deal. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. They pour a great Stella downstairs at the bistro, even washing the outside of the glass before giving it to you. The rooms were fine, nothing exceptional, but certainly comfortable and clean. The location is good in that you can walk to lots of great parts of the city. It seems like this hotel is alot nicer than its immediate surroundings. We did actually see prostitutes near the hotel, certainly not going into the hotel. We found the room to be a little stuffy so we tried to regulate the heat by opening the window. Unfortunatly, our window opened up to a side street/alley where we could hear bottles smashing and people yelling until dawn almost. It certainly wasn't a good night's sleep. You may want to ask for a room in the front of the hotel.We were there in April and noticed that there didn't seem to be any airconditioning. They may put in window units for the summer, but I would call to find out for sure if you plan to visit in the summer.All in all, I am not sure I would stay here again, although I don't regret staying here. I didn't feel unsafe, but I am an urban dweller and probably have a little more tolerance for the type of neighborhood the Hotel St. Denis is in. Finally, it looks like the area the hotel is in is sort of up-and-coming-area. Perhaps in a few years the area surrounding the hotel will be a bit nicer. Of course, if that is that case, the hotel could easily charge alot more money.	
Jul 19 2004	You get what you pay for!!!	When it comes to cheap hotels, Hotel St. Denis is above average. The staff are REALLY nice and helpful. The breakfeast was at a very cute bistro downstairs. But the rooms are rather dark and dingy... and don't go south of the hotel.... very shady area!!!! Overall, it was ok, although I'm not sure I would stay again. But if you're on a budget, its decent!!!	
Jul 10 2004	Good clean friendly staff.		
Jun 21 2004	Worst hotel I have ever seen!		
Feb 23 2004	Above Average.		
Sep 15 2003	The best hotel we have stayed at		
Sep 2 2003	Nice inexpensive hotel in the heart of town!		
Aug 24 2003	I stayed there the first time in 1983		
Dec 3 2002	Location Location Location		
Jul 9 2002	Basic inexpensive hotel in a fun area		
Apr 14 2001	Hote St. Denis- Suckiest hotel in North America		
Sep 24 2009 	Billig und zentral - gute Wahl für einen Städteurlaub		
Jun 13 2009 	Sin grandes pretensiones pero muy práctico.		
Mar 13 2009 	Très bien placé		
Jul 22 2008 	Buen sitio buen barrio buena gente		
Sep 12 2007 	Precio aceptable cerca del centro y en zona con buen ambiente		
Aug 30 2006 	satisfactorio y de precio accesoble		
