Sep 2 2008 	Beware of the Bed Bugs.	I thought I lucked out getting a cheap hotel in downtown Montreal, but it was all bad luck.The room I stayed in was infested with bed bugs! I woke up scratching at over 50 bites on my back, shoulder, arm and foot. I even found a couple of the critters dead on the bed and blood spots on the sheets - my blood! I had to spend the next morning washing all my clothes and disinfecting my luggage before I could bring it home. I couldn't sleep for a week and will never stay in 'cheap hotel' again.Traveller beware.	
Sep 2 2008	bugging out	We went to Montreal spur of the moment, so did not look for hotels before arriving there. Almost everything was booked when we did get there on a Saturday afternoon, so we ended up here. I've stayed in some pretty bad places around Eastern Europe and in the States as well, and this one rivals any of those. The room was extremely dirty, the floor was not vacuumed, under the sink was a repulsive mess. But the worst of it all is I ended up with a case of bedbugs after one night, and then upon return could not completely get rid of them causing us much trouble. The staff was really nice but not helpful about this situation. Stay away.	
Feb 6 2008 	DO NOT book a room here!! YUK!	We booked a room here through tourism Montreal. We did not stay because it was so aweful that my wife would not even go in the room when I opened the door. Our advice would be to stay somewhere else nearby. There are many hotels in this area of Montreal that are FAR superior to this one for the same and even less money. The comments made by others about this hotel are pretty accurate. There is an aweful smell to the place that lingers in your nose after you leave. I don't know what it was, but it was chemical in nature for sure. Maybe bug spray? Anyway, the hotel refused to refund our deposit and we lost about $100 bucks, but we figured that it was worth it to stay somewhere else that was clean. Check out the Hotel St Denis up the road. That's where we went and we were very pleased by comparison.	
Oct 7 2007 	Stay somewhere else	I wish I would have looked this place up here before staying there. I agree with the people who thought it was dreadful. It stinks, literally, and is more like a dirty rooming house than a hotel. Our room was not clean, nor was the bathroom. It smelled horrible. We only stayed one night, without using the bathtub/shower, and found another place just up the road to go instead. If you are someone who prefers to stay in a clean room and feel safe about leaving your belongings there when you go out to shop, then this is definitely not the place for you.	
May 22 2007 	Great place to stay	This hotel is very simple and is situated in an old turn of the century house and has kept some of its charms: for example the ceiling in the reception-breakfast area is amazing with its ''Titanic'' style globe and the hotel still has its old staircases and some of the old fireplaces are still in place (though not functionnal). Our room was simple but clean and confortable and the people at the reception very agreable, helpful and fun. I was satisfied with the service and I believe it is a good value for travellers who come to Montreal. On top of that, you are close to everything since you are downtown! I recommend this hotel for its good quality/price ratio and for the nice people who work there.	
Oct 17 2006 	ugly filthy unsafe dive	I was shocked and sickened by the condition of this place. It was dirty,had bugs in the room, and looked as though it was not cleaned for days. The people at the front desk were not helpfull, and would not help me with my complaint. Avoid this dive , as it is filthy and unsafe. NOT WORTH STAYING AT ANY RATE , unless you are a crackhead!!!! STAY AWAY	
Sep 28 2006 	Absolutely disgusting!	This is the most filthy, repulsive (hotel?) that I have ever encountered in 25 years of travel. If Tripadvisor had a zero on their rating scale, I would have selected it. Upon entering the building, the chemical smell was so overwhelming that you could hardly breathe. It was hard to tell that you were in a hotel, as the &quot;front desk&quot; is just an opening in the wall with rude, absolutely unhelpful staff of one. The room made my skin crawl. It looked like crack addicts had just left 2 minutes before we got there. It was horrifyingly FILTHY! The carpets were bathed in putrid stains, there were blood drops on it, and it had obviously not been vacuumed in a LONG time as there was a multitude of tidbits, coloured balls (of unknown origin..) all over the place. It stank so bad you had to hold your nose. There were bugs (YES!) and hairs in the bathtub. The bathroom was not clean at all. We did not stay, (I wouldn't make a dog stay there) and the hotel refused to credit us back for our deposit. The &quot;owner&quot; (who would not speak to us) apparently said that there is a 24 hr cancellation policy that he would not budge on, regardless of the state of the room. They kept $120.00 of our money. I would not stay there if it was free. It would be cleaner to sleep on the street. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!	
