Nov 23 2009 	C'est tres bon!	WOW! The hotel met and exceeded my expectations! We booked a small room and were upgraded by the hotel to a medium room! The room itself was a stunning combination of modern, sleek design and all the charm of the old stone building. The bed was possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The bathroom was small but clean and efficient. The whole space seemed very high end and comfortable!The staff was nothing but polite, accommodating and professional. The included breakfast was a typical continental breakfast, and all the pastries,fruit and accouterments were fresh and delicious (especially the croissants!). The price was on par with a Holiday Inn, but Le Petit Hotel is on a whole other level! The location is in the heart of all the wonderful amenities of Old Montreal and is very picturesque and charming.I went for an anniversary weekend and the room offered the comfortable and romantic feeling that I was looking for!! Le Petit Hotel was one of the most positive hotel experiences I have ever had (and I travel quite a bit).I read a review that complained about the lack of coffee makers in the room (even though it has a stocked mini-bar and mocrowave) but the hotel offers complimentary gourmet coffee all day in the lobby, and complimentary specialty coffees and espressos all morning. I think whoever wrote that review must work for the coffee maker industry or they are the type of person who is never happy with anything.The only negative thing that I could come up with about the hotel is that one morning there were no plates at breakfast (a situation which was rectified promptly).This is a hotel which is perfect for couples looking for a beautiful, romantic, comfortable getaway!	
Nov 16 2009 	hidden gem	Great little hotel right in the heart of old town. Do yourself a favor and stay here, you really won't regret it. The rooms are kinda small and simple, but you didn't travel all the way to Quebec to sit in your room did you? The staff was very helpful and polite, even to a stupid American that doesn't speak any French.	
Nov 14 2009 	Awesome boutique hotel with super friendly helpful staff	We stayed at the Le Petit Hotel in early October. The weather was a bit chilly outside, but inside this hotel, we could not have asked for more. This new hotel is carved out of an Old Montreal building with tons of character and charm. The rooms are contemporary and stylish but what makes this hotel great is the amazing staff - Patrick (hotel manager) and the rest of the crew. They sweat the details here and it shows. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Oct 24 2009 	Five Star Hotel Reasonably Priced	What a great place to stay in Montreal. Top notch service, awesome rooms, good location, great breakfast and reasonably priced for the service and accommodations.The service at Le Petit is exceptional. You couldn't ask for a more friendly and helpful staff. Whether it was help with our luggage, valet car service, advice on restaurants or directions the staff was always happy to help. We had a problem with the heat in our room and without hesitation were moved to another room which happened to be to a bigger room. That is a staff that cares about their customers.The rooms are spotless and decor is a refreshing change from the standard hotel fare. A mix of funky modern furniture, top of the line bathroom fixtures and old exposed brick walls make Le Petit a real standout. The bed and pillows felt like sleeping on a cloud. I didn't want to get out of bed! The shower was wonderful. It had a rain-shower and full body massage shower-heads. Only negative was with the wooden floors, which were very nice, we could hear the tippy-tapping of the upstairs neighbor's high-heels. And the room I originally booked, which was the small room, truly was &quot;le petit.&quot; I would recommend spending a few extra bucks and get the medium room.Breakfast, which was included in the price of the room, was quite tasty. They offered croissants, home-made multigrain bread, fruit-nut bread, yogurt, cereal, fresh fruit, tasty jams, juice and great coffee. The chocolate croissants were delicious. Parking is $25 a night with in/out privileges at no extra charge in a heated indoor garage.Located amongst the cobblestone streets of old Montreal LePetit is in one of the nicest parts of town, it has a real European feel to it. Shopping, restaurants, major points-of-interest, are all within walking distance or an easy metro ride away. Montreal has tons of stuff to do, diverse selection of food and if you like to shop-till-you-drop it's a must see destination. Bring your heavy-duty winter gear if you visit in the colder months. We visited mid-October and it felt like winter. LePetit is a real gem. I would highly recommend it to friends and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great new boutique hotel in heart of old town	We were really impressed by this hotel, and in particular by the staff, who were young, enthusiastic and eager to please, and helped to make it a very enjoyable stay. Our room were very modern and trendy, but also practical with lots of nice touches, and a very comfortable bed. The hotel is ideally situated for exploring the old town. The hotel doesn't actually have any facilities, other than a drinks area, and a breakfast area. The breakfast was really good, buffet-style and with plenty of choice. Only downside (if arriving by car) is that it's a very difficult hotel to find by car, due to the maze of one-way streets and road works, so we left our car 300 yards away, and the hotel staff were happy to go and put it into valet parking.	
Oct 20 2009 	Will be perfect once finished	We stayed for two nights at the &quot;Petit Hotel&quot; on our first holiday in Canada and it was a very pleasant experience.The location is excellent, in old Montreal, but not right in the noisiest part. The rooms are of a good size, not too small, and well appointed with a comfortable, big bed and modern furniture and fittings which contrast nicely with the brick walls. Small, but nicely decorated bathroom with a large, very nice shower.Breakfast was excellent - all food items were of the best quality and there was a great selection of fresh fruit (4 kinds of fresh berries, pineapple, melon, kiwifruit), yoghurt, good bread, bagels, excellent croissants (best we had in Canada), homemade muffins, jams and butter. The only downside was that the (very noisy) dishwasher was in the breakfast area and the staff systematically put it on whilst we were having breakfast which was very irritating. Given that the restaurant is still under construction, presumably this problem will be solved once the restaurant is functional, as we assume that breakfast would then be served there.A few minor hiccups: Toiletries were not replaced on the second day and the wooden floor was sticky from a recent treatment which was noted by the staff but unfortunately not resolved. The room lacked of a stand for a suitcase - which was supplied immediately when we asked for it. A kettle in the room would have been a nice addition, as well as folder with information on the hotel and the city.Overall, the &quot;Petit Hotel&quot; is a beautiful little hotel with a lot of potential. What currently appears to be missing is somebody who oversees the staff and works to optimise service. Staff are extremely welcoming, friendly and helpful, but seem quite inexperienced. With a little more attention to detail and once final touches have been added, it will be perfect.	
Oct 12 2009 	Could not ask for a better place!!!	Incredible staff who was very helpful in giving us tips as well as always having a smile on them. If you are visiting Montreal and want a great place with a small boutique yet elegant feel stay here.	
Oct 1 2009 	Friendly and modern yet old world	My wife a I stayed at the Le Petit Hotel in Montrel for only one night but could happily have spent longer.It is in the middle of Old Montreal ,nearby lots of restaurants and an easy walk to other tourist attractions. The hotel is actually a very old building sympathetically restored ,keeping its old charm ,whilst the rooms are very modern.Ours had a Queen size extremely comfortable bed with a large plasma TV on the opposite wall.The bathroom was super, with a large walk-in shower which had a cascade type spray.The only drawback was that there were no teamaking facility. The staff were efficient and very friendly obtaining for us taxis and a dinner booking and generally were very helpful. Breakfast was included (Continental ) and ther was a coffee machine always available. I can recommend the &quot;Auberge de Napoleon&quot; for dinner.Two minutes from the hotel and an excellent C$30 Table d'hote.Book!! . we paid C£170 for B&amp;BEric Bali	
Oct 1 2009 	love this hotel	I love this hotel, clean, nice &amp; friendly, love the modern decoration... will come back again.	
Sep 27 2009 	A great hotel	I wanted to stay in the Old City in a particular Auberge which had been highly recommended. The Auberge was full and its operator immediately transferred my phone call to the &quot;new hotel&quot; across the street which was somehow affiliated with the Auberge. I was skeptical but our experience at Le Petit turned out to be wonderful. All staff is knowledgeable, pleasant and helpful. We had a &quot;medium&quot; room. It was comfortable, attractive and extremely well designed to make intelligent use of the relatively small space. As one example, the bathroom sink bowl was see-through glassLike the Auberge, the hotel is conveniently located to the restaurants, shops and Old City sights.	
Sep 22 2009 	A stunning boutique hotel in the heart of Old Montreal	One of the best hotels I've ever had the pleasure of staying in! A beautiful boutique hotel with style and panache right in the heart of Old Montreal. Lots of stuff to do within easy walking distance of the hotel. My room was fantastic with simply the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in and a brilliant shower too! Also free Wi-Fi, a large LCD Tv, ipod docking station, a safe, great breakfast, you won't want to leave. My stay was a faultless experience helped by the most friendly and welcoming staff who provided outstanding customer service. I didn't have a clue how to get around Montreal but they helped me every step of the way providing maps, printing off directions willing to answer any questions I had. They'd wish me a good day each time I left in morning and on my return asked me how my day was with genuine interest. I cannot recommend this place highly enough! PERFECT! I'll be back!!!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Exceeded all expectations	This hotel was recommended to us by the fully occupied auberge across the street. Turned out to be &quot;bon chance&quot;! The staff was completely dedicated to our needs, from transportation tips to providing fresh baked bread and croissants from their bakery supplier for our trip home. Our newly renovated hotel was stylishly furnished within the historical walls of this former wooden toy factory. The down filled bedding and pillows were the perfect ending to our daily Montreal walking tours and nightly food experiences .	
Sep 16 2009 	What a great little Hotel	Having no hotel reservations in Montreal we walked in of the street, What a bonus this is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. Just six weeks old, the rooms were very good and well equiped very stylish, and the staff were extreemly freindly and welcoming the free breakfast was another bonus. I can not recommend this hotel High Enough.Steve London England	
Aug 30 2009 	Top Marks For Le Petit Hotel	My husband and I stayed here at the end of July. It was a wonderful experience. The staff were very friendly and helpful. This was a last minute getaway for us and were happy to find anything so late. Joelle at the front desk was so helpful when I was booking the room via email. Meeting her at the hotel was a pleasure. She made us feel very welcome, as did the rest of the staff. As we didn't need our car, it was parked in valet parking. (Everything in old montreal is in walking distance.) We stayed in a medium sized room and were very happy with it. The bathroom was small, but the wonderful shower made up for it. The bed was beyond comfortable. We slept so well we didn't want to get up. As the hotel's breakfast area was not finished yet, we were given breakfast vouchers for Hotel Nelligan. It was just a few door down and we got to enjoy their buffet or breakfast from the menu.I would highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay here again. The service was top notch, as were the accomodations.	
Aug 25 2009 	a unique gem in old Montreal	We stumbled upon this hotel, as the recommended B &amp; B across the street was booked. We loved the modern decor and our teenagers loved the atmosphere, room amenities and location. Although the elevator and breakfast cafe were not working/open during our visit, we had a nice, complimentary breakfast at the neighboring Hotel Nelligan instead. We didn't mind the two flights of stair climbing. Our room was awesome and we felt like we were in Paris when we looked out our windows. The staff was especially friendly and attentive.	
Aug 24 2009 	I loved this hotel.	This hotel was amazing. The rooms are fabulous and the staff were flawless. They were helpful and very very sweet and always made us feel welcome and special.It was very well situated and within walking distance to many restaurants and attractions (the staff were also helpful with travel advice).The lack of coffee maker in the rooms is so easy to overlook when you think of all the other things the hotel has to offer.The shower was also spectular.Our stay was very pleasant and this hotel only added to that.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wish I didn't have to share this gem!	I remain floored by how well priced this hotel is considering what you get: a boutique hotel experience in the heart of le Vieux Montréal (immediately next to la Place Royale), ridiculously helpful and accommodating staff, relatively large rooms with luxurious linens, extremely comfy beds, modern furniture and interiors against a backdrop of exposed greystone, and well thought out amenities: hotel-wide wifi and ipod docking stations that were easy to connect to and use. I can only imagine that as word gets out about le Petit Hôtel -- it opened only a month ago -- that the rates will increase. This hotel ranks a close second to my favorite hotel in the area, the Gault. Our room was on the 4th floor and faced St-Paul, which can get loud on summer nights, but once the windows were closed, we heard nothing and slept without interruption.Finally, the staff were great. Valet parking was fast and cheap by comparison to other hotels. And the front desk staff were impeccably professional, thoughtful, and accommodating.Misc notes: breakfast included, but is offered off-premises, a couple doors away from the hotel. Ironing board in room, but call front desk for iron. There is no fitness center on premises, but my understanding is that they provide access to a 24/7 gym nearby (which I didn't use).	
Aug 14 2009 	Amazing customer service and wonderful place to stay!	Within hours after being informed Auberge du Vieux-Port was booked for the five days we would be in Montreal, one of the hotel concierges at La Petit Hotel e-mailed me with a greeting and friendly note to let us know they had occupancy. When I called to inquire more about the hotel, Alexandre spent time to discuss my options and even sent me a map of the area within hours of our conversation. Throughout our stay, we were impressed with the outstanding customer service we received. From the friendly greeting to offering us espresso while they printed out directions to our next destination, we felt very well taken care of. Not to forget are the super comfy beds, awesome shower and wonderful decor. This hotel is truly a gem in the heart of old Montreal.	
Aug 10 2009 	Expo love relived by the hands of ''Le Petit'' family	I've been traveling on business for the last month and had been away from home for a little while. Seeing how little time I had spent with my wife in the last 4 weeks, I decided to book a surprise getaway weekend trip to Montreal which is where I met her 42 years ago during expo. We had not set foot to Montreal since then cause we got busy with the family and me with the business. I looked up a few hotels online and was looking for something small and chic. The minute I saw the name of Le Petit Hotel, I automatically felt a connection with that name. When browsing the website, they categorized themselves as chic and hip. Chic was what I was looking for and hip is what I'm looking out not to break at my age. I called to make my rservation and was nicely greeted on the phone by a Jewel. She was proper, warm and professional, showing profound interest in my upcoming plans. I simply could not resist such a smile on the phone and went for it. I booked feeling warm and fuzzy, having a feeling that Laura and I would be well taken care of.As I get back from JFK and jump in a cab on a friday afternoon, I called up my wife at home and said : honey pack your bags for a weekend I'm taking you somewhere special. She got super excited and I barely had enough time to exchange my new clothes and put them in my suitcase when I got back. Jumped in the bimmer and drove for 7 hours. The minute we got on the Champlain bridge she jumped of JOY, had the moonroof been open, she would have been out of the car.Just as I felt, we arrived in front of the hotel and was greeted like family members coming to enjoy a local getaway. Antony took care of our bags, escorted us upstairs and gave us the low down on what to do. Jewel greeted us in the morning and altough they hadn't received their coffee machine yet as they had only been opened, she managed to make us a proper cup of coffee. I believe his name was Mark Andre, but he gave us great eats recommendation. During the whole weekend, there was a gentleman always present around but standing very discretely, always helping out the staff, you could have sworn he worked 24/7 as we would cross him at any hours of the day. It's only upon departure when he brought my car around that I asked him what he did. He simply answered, I'm just here to help my kids run our home and provide the best service to our guests. WOW! I had never encounter in all my years of travel in 5 star property (i.e. Four S., Peninsula, Shangri-La, etc) a manager so devoted to his property. Kudos to the owner to have found employees like that. I wish this hotel lots of success as they deserve to be the number 1s in their city. Having read the other reviews under, I reiterate that Le Petit Hotel is ''small'' but it surely offers what the 'big'' boys out there offer and then some. Think making a fuss for a cup of java is a bit childish. We'll be back with our family that 's for sure cause we will we returning to Montreal to be with a ''family''.Thank you all for making my wife and I re-fall in love with Montreal.	
Aug 9 2009 	Deserve poor marks in some important areas	I am a frequent traveller, logging 100's of thousands a miles in the last ten years. I do know hotels. As the others say, it is a nice little boutique hotel, but there are lots of nice boutique hotels within a short walking distance and I'm regretting not staying at one of those. For example, in hotels of this class/daily rate, it is the norm to have a coffee maker in the room. FYI, there is none, not in the room, not in the lobby, nowhere. They told me in the evening that room service would be available starting at 6:30 am. In the morning, it is &quot;oh no, we don't even have a coffee maker.&quot; With plenty of false apologies, their only solution was for me to go to another hotel to buy it. An apology would be acceptable if something wast temporarily not working, but I was lied to and the lack of a cofee-maker after being open for at least a month is by DESIGN. They are in-conveniencing their guest intentionally. They put enough money into renovating this place, why not spent the $100 on a coffee maker in the lobby at least or do like every other hotel and have a maker in the room, duh? As I said, there are some GREAT hotels in the short walking area around this one. Why stay here? Why encourage this kind of sub-service?	
Aug 8 2009 	I almost hate to give this one away...	We couldn't have chosen a better boutique hotel (26 rooms) than the contemporary Le Petit Hotel in Montreal's Old District. It was one of the most delightful hotel experiences I've had in my years of traveling. My boyfriend and I stayed for 5 days after it had only been open for about two weeks. Customer service was exceptional in every way. Warmth, welcome, and generosity abound. It is well staffed and every staff member was like a concierge. Each went the extra mile when it came to making recommendations based on our unique interests/requests, providing directions, printing information for us, helping with our baggage and helping us with our car, showing genuine interest in how our day had gone, etc. We hated to leave and wanted to take everyone home with us! Patrick, the manager was fun and friendly while still being very professional, and Joell, Valerie, and Anthony were exceptional. Anthony sent an extensive e-mail with lots of things to do and websites for more information. There were others whose names I don't recall, including a lovely young woman who looked like Audrey Hepburn. The rooms are immaculate, with bamboo floors, big screen TV on the wall, and the most wonderful bedding! You wont' want to get out of bed. There are little amenities like an IPod radio bedside with different nature sounds to fall asleep to, a shower with an option for full body shower jets for an all over shower massage, and a safe in every room for no extra charge. Because their cafe was not completed while we were there, they sent us a minute walk down the street to their sister hotel Nelligan for a complimentary breakfast which was very good. If you do decide to stay there and aren't big on climbing stairs, make sure their elevator is up and running. They were working on it while we were there. Part of me, selfishly, didn't want to tell anyone about this place. But I gave-in because this is a business that deserves to flourish.	
Jul 21 2009 	Gorgeous hotel amazing staff	Firstly, the hotel manager answered our inquiry e-mail within hours, that was nice. When we arrived I was offered a seat and a glass of water in the beautiful lobby while they parked the car and checked us in. We stayed for three nigts, each of which were absolutely perfect. They brought us wine glasses, choclates and a beautiful thank you card. They were also a tremendous help navigating us to the best bars, resaurants and shopping!! Warm, caring and very helpful, loved, loved, loved!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfekt		
