Sep 13 2009 	D not  I repeat do not stay here!!!!!	our story goes something like this; my 18yr old son wanted to take his girlfriend to montreal for her 18th birthday. they found this hotel online and the price was right. being only 18, my son did not have a credit card to book this room so my husband said he could use his to hold the room and then pay cash on arrival. my husband called the hotel and arranged this &quot;payment plan&quot; with them. they asked my husband to fax them a copy of his credit card so they could hold the room for my son. my husband did as they asked. as the day of travel neared, my husband contacted the hotel on more than one occasion to confirm that his card was only holding the room and that they would receive cash payment upon my sons arrival and they were not to charge the room to his card. after being reassured (about 3 times by 4 different people) that this was indeed the plan my son left for his trip. once there, my son and his girlfriend checked in and went to their assigned room to drop their belongings off. then he and his girlfriend went out for some dinner. while gone, the staff went into their room, took all of their belongings and moved them to another room without them knowing. when they came back after dinner, they were quite surprised when there was someone else in the room that they had the key for. my husband (furious) called the hotel, they had charged the room to his card after numerous reassurances that they wouldn't. my husband also mentioned about them moving my son without consent, giving the scenario that what if he had hidden something of value in the old room to which the man on the phone stated &quot;we have only upstanding guests at our hotel&quot; and than continued to YELL at my husband for calling in such a minor complaint. they refused to reverse the credit card charges and tried to tell my husband that he had given them consent to use his card, which he certainly did not. the man was very rude and belligerent to my husband over the phone and when my husband calmly told him that he would not stay there again nor would he allow his friends or family to, the man more or less didn't give a crap. they did offer my husband 1/2 price on his next stay, to which my husband laughed and said NO THANKS!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	I like to make my own opinion about hotels	This is a great place for a short stay. The staff is more than accomodating. I requested no room service, so they gave me extra towels and such without complication. The breakfast is bleak; but it is free, so beats nothing. I read about the bus station noise at 5am. I have difficulty sleeping, and I slept well each night. I was in room 338 facing the bus terminal, and noticed a noise when I opened the window, but very quiet other than that. This place is really close to the metro, and I found affordable parking with nice attendants. I was greeted only by the day employees when leaving, so can't give an accurate opinion, but the night crew is great!!!!!! They went out of their way for me.My only complaint is that they won't accept tips for the valubale services they offer. I am in no way employed by the hotel as I live In NY. There are local stores open for late night needs in case one did not pack essential items. This hotel is a great place to stay!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	A place to crash after hitting the night life scene nothing else.	Excellent location! We booked this hotel through Hotwire and it definetely isn't more than 2 stars if even that. Bus station is next to this hotel which was a huge advantage because we headed Ottawa after Monteal. A lot of bars and restaurants are in this area. It's not far from the shopping area either (walk ~15min.) so next time I'll book a hotel from this area (Latin quarter) but maybe not exactly this one. The front desk didn't have too good in English but they were friendly and tried to show us locations and places to go. The room itself was very simplified and there was just a bed and a bathroom. Nothing fancy my any means. Didn't feel too comfortable to leave my stuff on the floor but there wasn't any other place. I wouldn't book a room from this hotel if I'd be staying longer than a night because I'd need to feel more cozy. Basic hotel with no extras. On the positive side, the room was clean and the beds were comfortable so we had a good night sleep. A bit like staying in a hostel but just a bit more expensive..	
Jul 22 2009 	buyer beware... check your credit card statement after your stay here	my stay was fine, but when i got my visa statement for june, i noticed a charge of $74.40 on june 22nd.... two days after we'd checked out of the hotel and left the city. i now live in montreal so i decided to go their myself to sort it out. i was told that when i had called a earlier in the month of june to confirm my reservation was on june 16th and not june 17th (my fiance kept telling me it was the 17th so i wanted to make sure i was right), the lady who answers the phone booked me another room for the 17th-20th... even AFTER i had told her numerous times that i was not booking another room. when i went back to the hotel a month later to ask that the charges be taken off, the man i am assuming is the manager insisted it was MY FAULT because i booked another room. he offered me half my money back, and would not give me a full refund until my fiance asked me if i wanted to take it to small claims court (just as a threat). only THEN did he finally give in and give me a full refund for the hotel room i apparently booked when i was ALREADY in the the hotel... make sure you're VERY clear with them, they don't speak the greatest english and tend not to listen to what you're saying so be very clear with them and check your credit card statement at the end of the month.	
Jul 20 2009 	No-no-no! Forget about it even one night will ruin your whole stay	Single room 1 night stay was a nightmare. The room was dirty, tiny (around 8 square meters). The &quot;breakfast&quot; is rationed to one muffin, one coffee, and one &quot;juice&quot;. MORE IMPORTANT: at night all my legs were bitten by a huge bug which I found later in my bed, the itching ruined my next two days when I moved to a decent hotel. Although the have a curfew (!) after 10pm, and &quot;no noise allowed&quot; after that time, people on the floor above were moving furniture all night long.Wouldn't stay in this dumpster even if they paid me!If you are on a budget, go to a hostel - would be much cleaner with the same level of privacy and will cost you a third of their price. Or spend 20 bucks more and go to a normal hotel, but this one - forget it.	
Jul 4 2009 	Rude beyond belief	I arrived at the hotel and asked where to park, I was told out front. They even pointed to the spot I should park in. Don't park out front. So, after I got the parking ticket, I confronted them and they, quite angrily, told me that it was my fault. I waited until the guy who actually told me to park there, was there for the conversation. He stayed silent, I was told by the woman in charge that I was offered a parking pass when I got there. I received no such offer, she called me a liar. A liar? People, don't give such rude, rude people your business. I told her I would never stay there again and she said &quot;good&quot;. If I have to pay double for a hotel room somewhere else the next time I go to Montreal, I will do so gladly. Hotel Europeenne, eat it	
Apr 30 2009 	Good hotel  nice room	We stayed at this hotel for two nights , the room was very clean and cozy with its own washroom.The hotel is located in a very convienient location( old montreal, ste-catherine street..)and also right next to the bus terminal.Since we did not know anything about the city, the front desk staff was very helpful.They serve 'continental breakfast' in the morning..(coffee, croissant, oj, and big muffin) which was alright.I have to say this hotel is pretty safe than other hotels on the same street...we saw couple of drugdealers and hookers staying in the front lobby of the other hotels on the same street.overall we had a good experience for a low price.If your on a budget and looking for something nice and quiet stay at this hotel.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great value a decent hotel to crash in nothing fancy	The negative reviews had me a bit worried, but this hotel is fine as a place to crash. The cost was so reasonable thro hotwire that I was able to stay a day longer then expected. Small room. I didn't request a non smoking room and it the towels smell a bit like smoke. I also smell smoke from the other rooms and weed as well. This hotel is a few doors down from the bus terminal which is great for me. It doesnt seem close enough to hear the terminal noise, that review confused me because there is another hotel directly behind the terminal. It's been pretty quiet though, I've gotten a good night's sleep. I'm using the free wireless internet, while eating breakfast in bed. The breakfast you pick up at the front desk and bring to your room, coffee, oj, and a big muffin. Short walking distance to downtown Montreal. Good value if you need an inexpensive, modest place to crash.	
Apr 9 2009 	Punaises !	Lors de notre séjour,on a été victime de punaises. Cet hôtel pourtant paraissait correct alors méfiez-vous!L'accueil était très moyen et notre chambre sentait la cigarette.	
Mar 8 2008 	Perfectly suited for our needs	My boyfriend and I are both university students. Being on a tight budget, we wanted to get away for a weekend in an affordable way. Hotel Europeene met our needs perfectly. This hotel offered us a very good rate, a clean room, a comfortable bed and friendly service. The hotel is two blocks from rue St. Catharine (lots of shopping, restaurants, and the liquor store). They offered muffins and coffee for breakfast. Wireless internet as well allowed us to keep up with our course work and emails.	
Sep 16 2007 	NIghtmare at the Europeenne Hotel	My friends and I decided to book a room at the hotel despite the terrible reviews because we are grad students on a budget. We are all in our 30's, so we wanted something clean, comfortable and basic. The upside is that the Europeenne Hotel is so clean, you could probably eat off the floor. I was very impressed at how spotless the hotel was for the price. This is when my positive experience ended.We arrived at midnight, checked in and went to grab a bite to eat. When we returned two hours later, we went to bed. Somehow, the air conditioner had been jacked up so high that the three of us could not sleep. My teeth were chattering so hard that my jaw began to hurt. When we asked for the air to be turned off, they complied. However, when we asked for more blankets the guy at the reception desk LAUGHED AT US. He laughed and said no. We were forced to put on all of our clothing and try to go back to sleep.The walls at this place are paper thin. About an hour later ( this was now 4 AM) we were awoken by very loud guys next door who were having a party. These were business travelers of some sort who were partying it up like frat boys. Much to our horror, the hotel is located next door to the bus station. AT about 5 AM, we were disturbed by the loud speaker system announcing the bus arrivals and departures. This experience put us in a very bad mood for the rest of the day. Seeing as how our mini-break was only a day trip out of the city to forget our school stress, this ruined our entire trip. I hate this hotel and I hope no one stays here.	
Jul 10 2007 	Clean and Cozy	location: stellar! 1 minute walk from central bus station, 1 minute walk from central subway station, 5 minute walk from Montreal Jazz Festival, 15-20 minute walk from Old Montrealthe room: small/cozy, but clean. modern bathroom...no cracks, no water leakage, no holes in the walls. tv, well working refrigerator. room cleaned after first day and thereafter on request. plenty of clean towels on request. breakfast: drab. microwave-heated croissants/muffins with crappy coffee. but meh...such an affordable hotel, who cares. no elevator in hotel, so if you're on the fourth floor, look forward to some stair climbing. if you have special needs (e.g. weelchair) there is no ramp to climb the steps into hotel.friendly desk staff. no curfew.	
Jun 26 2007	Reasonable hotel for a short stay	This hotel is a family-run business. Some of the rooms are a bit on the small side, but they are clean and the furnishings are well taken care of. It opened its doors to the public in the year 2000. This hotel is ideal for a short stay if you are just looking for a place to crash after a long day of sightseeing in Montreal and you are not really looking for luxury and amenities. If you have a car, there is a parking lot half-way down the block and you can buy a parking pass for the day at the hotel lobby. The hotel is in downtown Montreal near the bus terminal station in a lower middle class neighborhood.	
Jun 2 2006	Very small but clean room	It all started when I called to confirm my reservation for 3 rooms a day before. The guy who picked up the phone was not very friendly (not to say more) and because I asked for those 3 rooms to be next to each other he himself offered to cancel the reservation and said &quot;Mam, you are too much&quot;. Very &quot;strange&quot; neighborhood but within 20 minutes walking distance from downtown. Otherwise, this is a bed and breakfast hotel, very very small, 4 floors. I have to say, clean. Air conditioners are on but very low, fan does not make any difference and it is very hot. The room is extremely tiny, if you have your suitcase on the floor, there is no space left to walk. I booked it through the priceline for one price, when was checking in, the price was more and came up to being at least $15 more then was promised. Parking is not free - $10/day. Not a very good experience, would not recommend and would not stay again (even for the price). Whoever said that the staff was friendly..... mistake.	
Jul 27 2005	Most convenient!	I chose the Europeene online. I selected it because of the price. I was delighted to discover that the shuttle from the airport drops you right off behind the hotel. I have the same complaint about the airconditioning the others have. The fellow behind the desk gave the impression that they operated the airconditioning on demand and controlled each room individually. Who knows? I thought the &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; was fine. Before we arrived my wife was a bit miffed at me for choosing such an inexpensive spot sight unseen; but she enjoyed the stay. Our first night was marred by our neighbors who slammed the door repeatedly. They were knocking it off the hinges and rattling our walls. We asked the management to speak to them, they were young kids, and as soon as management left they were slamming it again. We asked for and received another room and we were fine for the rest of the week. We enjoyed ourselves immensely. Montreal is a beautiful city. You may be interested to know that the Hotel Europeene is one of many comparable hotels on the same road. If you're unsure if you'll like it you can book one night there and then choose one of the others nearby. I don't think the other hotels have an internet presence.	
Jul 21 2005	Only if you are desperate	Stayed here for a week because of the price, and price alone. The air conditioning is not very good, only the hallways are cool, the room was so hot I left the windows open anyway. Of course that didn't help much because then the noise from the bus station was loud. Breakfast as mentioned by others was a joke.On the other hand the room was fairly clean and the location near the central Berri metro station can't be beat. Would I repeat? No, I would spend a few extra bucks and stay someplace else.	
Jun 6 2005	Terrible	I walked into my room, which reeked of pot, and then tried to get some rest, but my room overlooked the BUS TERMINAL- the buses don't stop until midnight, and start up at about 7am. Also, whenever I left the room, I came back and found a note that said &quot;tips please&quot;. It was unnerving. Didn't get phone messages and was unimpressed with the place. On the up side, it was clean.	
May 23 2005	Deceptive advertising ( online purchasers beware)	Some main points which travellers should be aware/ or beware of :1) Courtyard view : Don't expect plants or even to face other hotel units. This essentially overlooks an ugly small enclosed area, where airconditioning units, and fire stairwells etc exist.2) Airconditioning : It is centrally controlled (I guess by management), and there is no temperature control in the room. Sorry!!3) Free Continental Breakfast :The way it works is , the receptionist at the counter, will give a very measured quantity of OJ and Coffee/Tea (Only one available), and a choice of one Kirkland/Costco croissant/muffin per guest in a room. Very pathetic, reduces the whole breakfast advertisement to a sham.4) Poor noise insulation :There is lot of noise when people walk around, etc, because of poor noise insulation between floors.5) Really small room area :After checking in with a suitcase, and a travel duffel bag, my wife and I found there is absolutely no area to move around. The entire space is occupied by the bed.6) Room service doesn't respect privacy :  This despite hanging a &quot;Don't disturb&quot; sign on the door. The whole room was made up etc, in our absence, even though we didn't want it.	
Apr 29 2005	Got My Money's Worth	Cleanliness and convenience are the Europeenne's strengths. My room was very small but absolutely spotless and had all the necessary basics (TV, hair dryer, refrigerator, phone). The hotel is located literally across the parking lot from the main bus station where the shuttle from the airport drops off/picks up passengers. It's also half a block from a subway station and from a shopping mall with plenty of food choices (including a small grocery store). There are also plenty of other restaurants in the area, ranging from McDonald's to casual sit-down. Old Montreal is about a 20 minute walk away. The immediate neighborhood isn't very pretty and a nearby park seems to attract vagrants in the evening but I never felt unsafe.The &quot;breakfast&quot; is simply croissants and percolated coffee (dry &quot;cream&quot;), and it isn't served until 8:00 a.m., which was too late for me. You're better off walking to the mall for a latte and fresh muffin at the Coffee Depot (opens at 6 a.m.).My only real &quot;complaint&quot; is that the building is old (lots of wood, I think) so sounds travel. My room was next to a stairwell and it sounded like herds of elephants going up and down all evening. On the second night of my stay the room directly above me was occupied and while the residents themselves were fine (no loud music or parties or such), their footsteps while just walking around were very loud and kept me awake even when wearing earplugs. Bottom line - I definitely got my money's worth and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again but only if I could get a room on the top (third) floor.	
Apr 25 2005	Cute little place	My boyfriend and I stayed here for this past weekend, and found it to be guite nice. Obviously, not a luxury hotel, but VERY clean (every piece of linen/towels were freshly washed and the room was immaculate). The staff are friendly enough, and the location is awesome, with in walking distance of everything you could need.The only cons I could see were that:*there was no real policy about smoking, and the staff openly smoked at the front desk. However, hard-core smoke-a-phobes should be ware of Montreal in general since smoking was allowed in EVERY restaurant and bar we went to (with no division from the non-smoking section)*the window to our room faced out onto the bus station, and as such, we were not able to keep the window open for any extended period of time. With it closed however, it was not at all noisy, and we weren't expecting a picturesque view anyway! All in all if you're looking for a cheap, and above all clean, place to stay in Montreal I'd recommend this hotel. It's no Hilton, but it was very quaint and charming in its own way.	
Mar 16 2005	budget room	this place is okay. i stayed once last year, and am staying again this year. the room i stayed in was an extra large closet. the front desk is very alert, b/c there are some &quot;less desirables&quot; who walk up and down this street. i am hoping that the parking lot will be safe for my car, as i might drive up this time. there is a parking lot up the street a little ways. i saw another reviewer say that it was not very expensive, so this is a good thing. *b*	
Dec 3 2004	good value	Went to Montreal in November for a long weekend with my girlfriend. I was afreaid that only a dive could offer such inexpensive prices, but we were pleasantly surprised. We were close to all the sites we wanted to see. For a few extra dollars we parked in the lot up the block and spent the weekend walking. The rooms were clean and serviceable and the staff helpful. If your looking for fancy or elegant this is not the place for you. However, if your looking for a safe place to rest and keep your stuff in between adventures in the city then this is the place.	
Oct 30 2004	Location location	This is a spartan but well-kept property. The staff was friendly and courteous, and all spoke English when my limited French failed. The hotel is a half block from Montreal's main subway station and central bus terminal. The frequent airport bus service runs from the bus station, so this is an excellent place to stay if you don't have a car.Despite the central location and busy daytime traffic, the street (Rue St-Hubert) was surprisingly quiet at night. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Sep 21 2004	Spartan and clean	We stayed at this hotel over the weekend. Its actually just a simple motel- nothing fancy, no elevator, no real amenities other than some free soap and shampoo and a tv with cable. But it was a good price and we found free on-street parking, which was great. Our room, as spartan as it was, was very clean. We did not hang out in the room much anyways. It is about a 15 min walk to the heart of St Catherine St and Crescent St. Not a bad area at all, as long as you don't mind walking. I would stay here again if I was on a budget- it was simple, clean and safe.	
Jun 19 2004	Great location 	Almost every summer my husband and I head up to Montreal in July for the Just for Laughs Festival, this quaint little hotel is just what we where looking for. We had a room at the end of the 2nd floor, which was very cozy, the staff at the front desk was very helpful and nice, landed a parking spot right in front of the door and the hotel was within walking distance of the Just for Laughs Festival!For those not wanting to pay high rates for a place to shower &amp; sleep, but still wanting friendly service &amp; location in downtown, I would definately recommend this place! 	
Mar 11 2004	ok for the price	This hotel is our default accomodation in Montreal if we don't want to spend a lot of money. It usually has rooms available. It's in a street with lots of very cheap hotels (which we haven't dared to explore yet) and the bus terminal is close by. It's fairly new, and the furnishings of the rooms are functional and clean, but it has no charm. On weekends we usually park on the street, but there is also a small parking lot close by which you can book through the hotel. Each room has cable TV. There is no breakfast room, you just pick up your coffee and muffin at the desk and eat in your room. In principle you can walk to the pedestrian zone with all the restaurants (or to the Latin Quarter) , but we usually take the car since it's not that close. During the winter you can often get better deals in one of the fancier hotels, but in the summer this hotel is a good value.	
Sep 2 2003	Quite okay for the price.	a very basic hotel, more like a lodge / motel. Air conditioning was not too effective and some rooms are in the basement of the hotel. So footsteps may disturb a light sleeper. I would recommend requesting for a room on the ground / 1st floor. Staff is good and helpful. hotel includes free breakfast (coffee, muffin and cereals). Location is very central. Over all good for the price.	
Jul 24 2009 	Pas 2 fois la même betise!!!!		
May 25 2009 	ne pas etre exigeant		
Sep 23 2008 	Bruyant et hotel qui a mal veillit		
