Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Airport last month while visiting my parents in Montreal for their anniversary. We arrived Friday night, my daughters immediately loved the pool and games area with its tropical atmosphere. The restaurant even had a terrace overlooking the pool area. We liked it so much that Saturday we decided to have dinner at the hotel instead of a restaurant for my parent's anniversary.The food was very good and at a decent price. The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was very friendly. I will definetely stay there again on my next visit to Montreal.	
Oct 10 2009 	Different experience	Some friends and I spent a night at this hotel before leaving the next day for New Brunswick. We were taking the train so we decided to stay close to the train station which is just minutes away from the airport. We were surprised when we were walking to our rooms. It felt like we were on some Tropical island. Very cool, very different. We had a swim; the lifeguard was a nice guy, very helpful. Really nice staff, all in all. We would go back anytime.	
Sep 2 2009 	Repeat Stay	I started staying at this hotel years ago while on business.But now I only travel with my son on vacations, this is the only hotel I use in Montreal. The pool &amp; games area keeps him busy &amp; the food is #1.	
Aug 29 2009 	perfect for the airport the next day	We booked this as we needed to drop our car off at the airport and catch a flight the next day. Location was fine. staff very nice. We had a nice room, comfy bed. The outside pool area was also nice.	
Aug 26 2009 	perfect stay	We really liked it here, there are two swimming pools, a fitness, and the shuttle service to the airport works very well. The food in the restaurant was very well, also a great vegatarian dish. We could relax here before our flight to Amsterdam and our room was near the swimming pool. Also the room had everything we needed, and the reception was very nice to us.	
Aug 9 2009 	First time there and last	We stayed there 2 nights and had 2 rooms. The room that our teenagers stayed in was smelling awful, the coffee percolator was not working. Our room looked ok however it needs painting and the walls are dirty.When I mentioned this to the agent on duty when we checked out (that the room was smelly) he did not apologize at all, like it was normal. Perhaps the bar, restaurant and pool area look good but the rooms need to be spruced up. I will not return there for sure.	
Jul 22 2009 	wonderful experience	We read the reviews on this site the night before our stay and almost ended up cancelling. I'm glad we didn't as this was one of the nicest hotel stays for us. We traveled with 2 families, 15 people in all. We were slightly nervous about what to expect, but just until we got there. The check in was effortless, our room was very nice. It faced the atrium, but there certainly wasn't any musty smell. The rooms, at least in this part of the hotel, seem to have gone through a recent reno. The atrium is beautiful - real tropical plants, birds, fish tank, games to play and places to just sit and enjoy. We ended up having dinner just after 8 o'clock and were very pleasantly surprised when our waiter told us that they will keep the pool open longer just so that we could still have our swim. I love that the hotel has a life guard - we travel quite a bit and I have never seen one in any other hotel. The pool was lovely, hot tub was not working, but it was not missed. The next morning we enjoyed a lovely breakfast and then a swim in the outdoor pool - water temperature was amazing. The staff were all wonderful, the place is clean and all in all this was a very enjoyable stop over. I was amazed at the room rates at this place. Would definitely stay there again should we end up in Montreal.	
Jun 7 2009	Don't stay here	We were staying here due to a one-night layover. Upon entering my room I was overwhelmed by a strong musty smell. There were duvets on the beds without duvet covers instead there was a sheet on top and one on the bottom of the duvet. Although a large shuttle was available to pick up the 20 some guests from the airport, there were only 5 spots available on the morning shuttles(one came every half hour). After getting a busy signal when trying to make a local call I called the front desk to ask if there was a problem. I was informed that this was because they didn't have my credit card number and that local calls cost 84 cents per call. This was NOT mentioned upon check in. Overall a bad experience. I will never stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Great Overnighter In Montreal	The Holiday Inn Montreal Airport, with such negative reviews on TripAdvisor, was a bit of a risk when choosing to stay there. We were happily surprised.It was our first trip to Montreal and we weren't at all familiar with the area. We were overnighting in Montreal en-route to Las Vegas. Upon arriving at the Pierre Trudeau Airport, it proved fairly easy to find the free shuttle they offer to their guests. It was quick, easy and released some of the nerves from being in a new city.Check-in was prompt and efficient. The wonderful lady even helped us figure out how to take transit into downtown Montreal. She also set up a reservation for the complimentary shuttle the next morning, as we had an early flight out of Montreal.The room was wonderful and hospitable. All the furniture and fixtures appeared to be new. The only thing that required updating were the old and stained carpets. This property also has a really neat pool area, tropical themed. We didn't have a chance to go for a swim, but looked like plenty of fun!Overall, it was a great overnighter in Montreal. This hotel met all of our needs and we found the complimentary shuttle to be a huge help.	
Apr 22 2009 	Needs Updating	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Airport for 2 nights and attended a family group function in the dining room of the Holiday Inn. Restaurant staff were amazing and very accomodating. Although we had requested to hold our event on their &quot;patio&quot; the restaurant manager had indicated that it was unavailable as they had to get it ready for a later event. this actually didn't happen till much later after our group left, therefore we could have had use of it.Front desk is extremely slow. 3/4 people behind desk, but only one person can actually serve guests and he flies around trying to help everyone at the same time. took us about 15-20 minutes to check in.rooms are really outdated. need new paint and upgrading in bathrooms. really thin walls to adjoining rooms and hallway. corridors smell &quot;smokey&quot; even though we were in no smoking area. windows need cleaninglow cost but low quality accomodations. rooms/hallways need to be cleaned, painted and updated.geat location if you need to do things in west end of Montreal. just off of highway which leads to downtown. close to malls and airport	
Apr 21 2009 	Try another hotel	Pros:Close to airport.Cons:1. An old style motel converted into a hotel by adding a new front section, putting a roof over the car park and adding a swimming pool and some plastic plants....sad!!2. Sullen, grumpy and unhelpful staff.3. Food barely passable, poor choice on the buffet, cold coffee. Ended up going to Le Bifteque across the highway for something decent the second night.4. Close to railway marshalling yard...nothing beats being woken up during the night as trains are being put together for the following day.5. Fixtures and fittings in the bathroom were hanging off.6. No elevator although it seems they are putting one in.7. At night the bar has no life, ended up going to the hotel next door for a few drinks, welcoming staff and warm atmoshpere.	
Jan 17 2009 	Seasoned Business Traveler says STAY AWAY!	First of all the front desk personnel were not friendly or helpful. The parking lot was not plowed due to heavy snow. Terrrible ordeal trying to park and back out! My room heater was noisy and not working efficiently. The room was COLD. Was told that in the morning someone would take care of this. Cold air was seeping through all the heater fixtures! This was my worst hotel stay ever and would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 28 2008 	Why OH why didn't I listen??	In four words - 'do not stay here'.We arrived at 1205AM and I phoned and was told the shuttle was finished for the night. Paid 20.00 for a cab. There are a lot of other hotels, the Hampton, the new Loft (same price point), and the Hilton - its more but probably worth it. I am not a hotel snob and know you get what you pay for, but this hotel does not deliver in any sense. To the almost 45 minute wait to get checked in, (and to my amusement - other guests being given rooms twice with someone already sleeping in them!) then to be told -nowhere in the vicinity can I buy cigarettes - no the bar is closed (it was a Sat night) - no you cannot have shuttle for 6AM or 7AM or 730AM the next morning. Hence another 20.00 cab ride back. Got to the room - very very Motel 6 (although that would be better) but the bathroom was not cleaned probably. Really, for 100.00/night - I at least expect the [-] to be cleaned from the toilet bowl!!! I then decided I needed at least a can of coke. Two pop machines did not work - the one that did was out of coke. Thirty minutes later I decided I should be grateful for my can of Sprite.The decor is dated, the staff disorganized and to add injury to insult, the hotel is not even that close to the airport!!Heed my warnings - DO NOT STAY HERE - its a scum-pit!!Slocker	
Dec 18 2008 	Good Deal. Indifferent Staff. Miserable shuttle driver.	The hotel itself is comfortable and the indoor atrium with the pool is really nice (we stayed here December 14th). The staff however are a different story. The front desk person was indifferent and bordering on rude. I asked the attendant in the exercise room what time they closed and he told me 10 pm (it was before 9 pm when I asked). When I returned 10 minutes later (still before 9 pm) it was closed and locked. In the morning when we were getting on the shuttle the driver scolded us for having too much luggage (we had 2 suitcases each due to traveling with our scuba equipment). Our response was not pleasant and it shut him up however I can think of better ways to start the day.On the upside their park and fly deal is excellent and the shuttle was on time and efficient.	
Dec 8 2008 	A dump	The definition of a [--]. Smells bad , dirty , very cheap look to it , bad service. My door key needed to be reprogrammed each time I used it . And the frontdesk people would each time look very surprised that it did not work properly as if I was to blame for that.Do not confuse with the Holiday Inn Express which is down the road and appears to be a much better place.	
Nov 23 2008 	Not as abad as I thought	Booked this through Priceline for 60$US all included, so around 75$CAN. I was really scared when I saw the ratings and was expecting the worse.The location itslef is pretty crummy, on Cote de Liesse, not close to any metro station, but by car, its about 20 minutes to downtown, and maybe 5 minutes to Namur Station (plenty of street parking). The area is industrial (well, this is an airport hotel)....The facility is definitely old school motel, 2 storeys, with 2 courtyards, one which has been covered for the jungle atrium seen in the hotels photos. A bit tacky but probably fun for the kids. This looks like it was last renovated in the 80s. Front service was friendly and attentive. A good portion of the hotel is being renovated. We ended in a renovated room with a confortable king bed (was supposed to get 2 double beds, but we checked inn late, so we managed to get a room with a king). The room was smallish, as any Holiday Inn, and the bathroom also, but it was clean and in good shape, with good shower pressure. Plastic glasses. Parking is free. A restaurant on premise offer a breakfast buffet for 12$CAN. Priority club members receive a free drink voucher for the bar. Overall, this was a decent room, in a typical airport environment. For people in transit, or people with car. Would come back again for a similar deal.	
Oct 3 2008 	Underwhelmed (if that's a word)	Stayed here on business, needing a place near the airport. Wouldn't do it again. Hotel is dated (looks like a converted motel), bathroom fixtures and decor were very old, and no elevator to go to the second floor. Once I got to the second floor, it was a long distance walk to my room (at the back of the property).For the money, I would not stay here ever again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Never Again	After travelling for 7 weeks around Canada this was our final night before departing. Up until this time we'd had no problems with our accommodation. That was until we had people come into our room at 1:00am and then again at 1:30am looking for friends. These rooms are only accessible with a door key!! The hotel staff offered little in the way of sympathy or compensation for our ideal and my mum and I left the city disgusted.	
Sep 14 2008 	A mixed bag	We booked this hotel for a one night stay while we visited Montreal.The good:1) The public areas are quite nice.2) The staff went out of their way for us.The bad:1) It's in an industrial area. There are hardly any restaurants, and the area is comprised of a couple of airport hotels and numerous industrial buildings. 2) It's a decent drive (20 minutes or more) from downtown, and traffic can be a problem.3) The bathrooms are terrible. They are small and old.4) The rooms are in serious need of a makeover.5) The indoor pool shares space with banquets and their restaurant. The kiddie pool was filthy.I don't think that we would stay here again. It was just too far from downtown, and the rooms did not make up for the distance. Nonetheless, the staff should really be congratulated. We had a couple of issues that they went out of their way to help us with. (Left and item in the room, asked for directions, etc.)	
Aug 27 2008 	Appalling customer service - AVOID!	I stayed at this hotel when my flight to London was delayed. From the start the staff were unfriendly. Check in took ages, despite several staff members seemingly doing nothing behind the counter. The room itself was dingy, musty and old fashioned. The bar staff were incredibly rude - literally just shrugging when we asked them anything! My vegetarian pizza had ham over one corner of it which was the kind of sloppy attitude we experienced throughout the hotel. The receptionist was lazy and unhelpful. We overheard other guests complaining about their stay but again the staff just ignored them, their attitude was that nothing was their problem.Also - the hotel doesn't have a lift! How bizarre for an airport hotel when most guests will have lots of luggage! I would really recommend that you avoid this hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	avoid	This hotel is bad for a holiday inn. Our problems started at check inn. We arrived in Montreal after a trip to california from the UK. Our flight to london meant we had a 12 hour stop in Montreal. We called the Hotel from the airport and they agreed they had a room for the day for 4 adults and agreed a price. After a long wait for the shuttle bus we arrived to be told we couldnt have the 1 room but they only had 2. There was no apology or concern she was very rude and abrupt. She blamed the mis information on her colleague who was checking in another group. She then suggested if we wanted to argue we could deal with him. I agreed and said i would like to speak to the person i made the agreement with over the phone..not argue as i pointed out. I spoke to George who aske for our credit card and proceeded to check us in to the room and rates we agreed on the phone. She then decided to interrupt and pointed out that her colleague was making a mistake and shouldnt be giving us the rooms whilst she was serving another guest. her manner from the start was rude and it appeared she had issues with her colleague who remained very proffessional throughout. After this we found the rooms very dated and the whole place was unpleaseant. Im not one to complain but this was atrocious for a Holiday Inn. I expected a whole lot more for the prices they chrge. I will also be making a formal complaint against the female member of staff.	
Aug 19 2008 	Rooms smell horrible	We stayed at this hotel through an airline voucher when our flight was cancelled. I know the hotel was busy at that time, but the first room we were given had an overwhelmingly smoky and musky smell. The kind of smell that permeates everything and ferments over twenty years in the carpets, drapes, etc. We asked for a new room, but the second one was just as bad-smelling. On top of that, the check-in staff were rude, the bathroom was dirty and all our clothing stunk badly when we got home. I would say this is barely a two star hotel. Definitely not recommended.	
Aug 16 2008	car stolen from parking lot	This hotel has a definite safety issue - a car was stolen from the parking lot in August 2008. Right near airport so very noisy.Unfourtunately this hotel is being marketed to US youth sports teams as an ideal place to stay during a tournament. - don't stay here.	
Jul 25 2008 	Denied me buffet breakfast!	My husband and I checked in last July 20,2008 .This is a company paid training and therefore I had to take a vacation for a month to be with him and relax. The front desk gave us the breakfast stub for 1 month and all of my stubs has a checked mark on the buffet part. Also, all of the stubs has a cross out on the room # and the new room # is reflected there. In my 3rd breakfast day while I was eating and taking my 3rd bite, waiter approached me and said who gave you this list? I said my husband gave it to me and the receptionist did. He said I should not be taking buffet breakfast and only continental. He also asked me if I changed rooms bec there is a cross there. I said I did not change rooms. He asked me also my name, my husband's name. The way he asked me questions has bothered me a lot bec it seems that I was the one who erased the room #. Why will I do that???to get buffet meals??Also, it is very rude to say that I should get continental when he sees I am already eating those eggs, bacon. Also, why will he ask me who gave me the stub??Cant he check with reception??I felt so embarrassed that I left the restaurant without finishing my breakfast. I called front desk to complain and they said it should just be continental. Front desk also told me that I should have approached the restaurant mgr there and then to fix my problem. Hello? I never got an apology from the mgr in duty. I went down to show him all my stubs and front desk admitted they made a mistake. Restaurant mgr and another boss called me to apologize but to my dismay, I will not eat in their restaurant again. I am left with all these stubs with me. And yes while I am writing this experience, I am still in this hotel. I hope I can change hotel since I will be stuck here for a month!	
May 28 2008 	Not that good	I was stuck in Montreal for 1 night due to flight cancellations. I therefore needed to stay near the airport and was trying to find a room at 8pm. The Hilton and the Four Points Sheraton were both booked out but I thought Holiday Inn had a certain standard it had to live up to so I booked this for $130 including tax.The free shuttle from the airport to the hotel was appreciated. The service at the front desk was excellent and very friendly. However, the room was below average. There was hair in the sink and the toilet seat was not clean. TV reception wasn't clear. The rooms have 2 doors - 1 to a corridor and the other to the indoor pool, which meant a fairly noisy atmosphere. The rooms are tired and dated and in need of renovation. Additionally, the alarm clock was not set to the right time, which I would expect - it was 12 hours off and therefore looked as if it was the right time. Luckily I had set the alarm on my cell phone as well, or I would have missed my flight.If stuck at Montreal again, I'll find somewhere else to stay.	
Feb 3 2008	Terrible Hotel	This hotel is very bad. The service at the front desk and in the restaurant is horrible. The room needed some renovation. They decided to close the pool at 7:00pm when it was supposed to close at 9:00pm. The parking is full of ice, it's very dangerous. There was a private party in the atrium till midnight, couldn't get to sleep.	
Sep 5 2007 	Worst Hotel I have Stayed In	Candidly, I expect that I won't get a good room when I book on Priceline- but this hotel was horrible. Priceline had it at 3 stars- it was barely 2. This place is allegedly being renovated- and the room we stayed in needed it.There were mosquitos in the room- 30 or 40. (AND NO OPENING WINDOWS). The bathroom had black stains that had been caulked over multiple times. There was an access hatch in the ceiling and the plaster around it was rotting and falling. The Air conditioner sounded like a train- which was good because it masked the road noise with a consistant loud noise. The only pros- the sheets were very clean- and there was free wireless internet. They gave me a free drink- although I really needed 12 to make this place acceptable.	
Aug 16 2007 	This is more of a 2.3 Star Hotel	I'm upset about trip advisor not publishing my previous posting because it said I wrote to much about the surrounding city in additional to the hotel.That being said I'll keep this one short and leave out the photos.The hotel is undergoing major renovations to the majority of it's rooms.Stayed for a week. It's located about 4km from the airport, and 18km from downtown. I had no problems with parking and no one broke in to my vehicle.Booked via priceline, it was a good value but I'd give the current rating as 2.3 out of 5. You need to rent a car if you're going to be staying at this hotel. There is a free shuttle that goes to the airport every 30 minutes. There is also free wireless internet access.The mall which has a movie theater, and numerous dining choices is located about 5 minutes from the hotel, just north of 40, (don't get on 40) it's just north.	
Jul 16 2007	Awful	We arrived from Barrie ON, to attend the opening game of FIFA U20, at noon on June 30th. There was no one in front of me at the check in, and still it took about 10 minutes for the clerk to start talking to me... It took 20 min. total to get the key. Room, small, bathroom smaller! Sink in the hallway. Old and musty. Bathtub not draining, dirty. Room on the ground floor exit into the hall on one side and onto the pool area and restaurant patio on the other. Requested more towels, got them hours later. During the evening there is a party and dancing in the restaurant patio. (no one mentioned it when I checked in) Nice dance music, but not when you got up at 4.00 am the previous morning! Very loud! After 3 calls to the front desk and numerous requests to be moved to a different room, long after 2am, we finally fell asleep in the same room. Nice setting for the indoor pool, but kids reported the water to be dirty and smelly!. Oh, and one last thing... bed bugs! STAY AWAY!	
Jul 12 2007	Bed bugs - Do not Stay.	We only stayed there one night. We booked two rooms as we have a rather large family. One of the rooms must have had bed bugs or something because those who slept in that bedroom had bug bites all over their faces and necks. To be honest and fair - we didn't actually see any bugs.The room with the bed bugs had a good shower. The other room the shower was damaged because the water dripped out slowly. So we all took showers in the room of with bed bugs. The hotel is being remodelled. In order to get to the main lobby, we had to walk through a hall way with tools and materials placed along the wall. Local phone calls are not free. Location is horrible. It was far from all of the major attractions that we visited. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.	
Jul 8 2007	Bad Hotel...no security	I stayed at this hotel when my daughter had a softball tournament in Montreal. For starters it was not very safe you did not need your key to swipe the doors to get in at all. Most of the doors to get in the hotel were broke. This was a big problem considering cars were being stolen and broken into from the property all day and night long. I did not feel safe at all especially having 3 teams of teenage girls there. Hotel was not clean. The best part of this hotel is what they show on line the indoor pool area. Food was terrible in this hotel. Hotel was booked and they had two waiters on in the Restaurant took 2hrs for our food and it was cold and nasty. Will never stay here again or Monteal Canda..by the time our group left we were there 3 nights we had 2 stolen cars, 1 laptop and 1 wallet stolen and 1 Car almost stolen theives were interrupted...This hotel and Montreal suck...	
Jun 25 2007	Nasty and below expectations	We are long-time Priority Club members but will not be staying at anymore Holiday Inns that we are not already familiar with. The quality is too inconsistent. The carpet was soiled from a spill. The box spring had a visible soiled place. One pillow had an offensive odor. We received poor directions to our second floor room from the desk clerk and had a difficult time finding our room as we traveled with our luggage upstairs and downstairs (no elevator).	
Jun 19 2007 	the slowest check-in process ever	It took 20 minutes to check in at 10:00 on a Wednesday night. There were 2 people in front of me and just one person at the desk. During the next 20 minutes a queue rapidly formed behind me.The check-in clerk was having problems with the computer system. Frustratingly there were at least 4 people visible through the translucent glass in the office behind the desk. Nobody came to help.I found I had been allocated a smoking room despite requesting no-smoking. When at 11:30pm, I went back to the desk to get my room changed, it took another 20 minutes to get a non-smoking room.Apart from that, the accommodation was OK, the car park had plenty of space and it was really nice that the restaurant was open until 23:00	
Jun 7 2007 	Great Place To Stay	Despite some very bad reviews we took the chance (rates were lower than anywhere else, particularly when we prepaid our five night stay!)All I can say it was a great stay, rooms were comfortable and clean, air conditioning in top shape, plenty of towels and toiletries and room made up up promptly.The pool was great and the help at the reception desk to get us in and out, and over Cote de Liesse Road???!! was excellent. They advised us on tours, food was great, and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming. Shuttle bus was quick, friendly and efficient.We will definitely stay there again when next we visit Montreal.	
May 8 2007	beware of park`n fly !!!!!	I booked that hotel so i could leave my pick up at the hotel parking because i didn`t want to leave it at the airport. I was going away for 1 month. To my big surprise i thought that was weired that they did`nt want to keep my pick up keys!! They didn`t even want to have my license plate number. So when i got back from my wonderfull trip, my truck was GONE !!!! the hotel was no help at all and i will NEVER stay there again. The rooms are verry old and have a funny smell. The bar is open late so you can have a drink before leaving for your vacation out of Dorval airport. The cost of one beer is $6.00 plus tip, so we only had 2 !! loLRemember if you want to leave your car there with the park`n fly package, go somewhere else where they will take your keys and license plate number. I had to book another flight to go home.	
Mar 24 2007 	Absolutely Pathetic Dump	Whatever you do, DO NOT STAY HERE!!! This review is long and detailed, as I don't want anyone else to experience what we did. I will start off by saying that I am from Montreal, but now reside in Ottawa. My girlfriend and I were flying south for a week from Montreal, so our travel agent booked us here for one night. It seemed convenient, with free parking for up to 28 days with one night stay (this is too good to be true and I should have suspected something), and an airport shuttle service. In my opinion, this hotel is a fraud.Firstly, it is not an &quot;airport&quot; hotel. It is on Cote de Liesse near the Decarie expressway, which is a long way from the airport. To be exact, it is a $20 cab ride. I know this because their &quot;shuttle service&quot; is a joke and we had to get a taxi. Where to begin...We checked in and the extremely rude receptionist demanded the confirmation number, even though you would think a name would suffice. In any event, I went out to the car and retrieved the number. I then asked for a 6 a.m shuttle to the airport, and was told that it was full and that the next available shuttle was at 7 am. As our flight was leaving at 8:30 this was a little too tight. The lady at the desk seemed very unconcerned, and told me that since the weather was bad, the next day's flights were likely going to be delayed anyhow. Apparently during her breaks she moonlights as an air traffic controller. I asked how many spots they had on their &quot;shuttle' and was told it is an outside service they use, and only 10 spots are available, and since this was a busy time of day for flights it was already full. Here's a clue...if it's a typically busy time, get more (or bigger) vehicles. Anyhow, I wanted to stay somewhere else but it was getting late and we just wanted to chill out, so I asked what the room rate was if we didn't leave our car there. My intention was to drive ourselves to a Park and Fly in the morning and use their shuttle. The rate I was quoted was higher than what I was already being charged. They know they have you, so they scam you into having to stay there. But the best was yet to come...We went to our &quot;room&quot;...I use this term loosely, because it was a dump. Plain and simple, a youth hostel would have been better. Old, tired and dank. I called the front desk and asked for a wake-up call at 6 am. &quot;No problem&quot;. I also asked that a cab be called to attend the hotel at 6:30 and pick us up. Again, &quot;No problem&quot;. Not trusting them, I set the alarm in the room (which had a battery backup in case of power failure, but no battery in it!) as well as my watch. No wakeup call ever came, and no cab was called (we called one ourselves). Everything, from the sheets to the towels to the carpets and furnishings, is unclean, worn out or both. At checkout, I complained to the typically inept clerk about the service and asked to see the manager, whose name was posted on the wall as &quot;on duty'. Turns out he doesn't come in until noon, so I let the counter staff feel my frustration. As with the shuttle service and the wake-up call, he didn't work well either.So, to summarize, this is not an airport hotel. You are better off staying anywhere else. There are certain features an airport hotel should have, like a shuttle, a wake-up call and relative proximity to the airport. This place has none of the above. You almost need a connecting flight to get from here to the airport! It is not a Holiday Inn, but instead an independently run franchise operated by &quot;Hotels Cote de Liesse&quot; or something like that. Holiday Inn goes to great lengths to advertise this fact, as they know something we don't (yet). If there was a &quot;zero star&quot; rating possible I would give it to this joke of a building (I refuse to refer to it as a hotel). They have a clean and professional looking lobby, with a 4 star rating on the wall (that has to be fraud right there), but this is just the hook to get you to commit. I violated my own rule and failed to ask to see the room first, and I should have checked TripAdvisor beforehand. The name &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; fooled me, but never again. Therefore, if you do stay here, you do so at your own peril. Sleeping on an airport bench would be a preferable option.	
Aug 31 2006 	What a dump!	First impression was good: nice lobby, attractive pool area. The room was very small and dingy. There was no fridge or microwave in the room, as advertised on the website. We were informed that we were supposed to request those ahead of time. We asked for another room. We waited over an hour for them to clean a room. When we moved, the room was extremely small, the bathroom was the size of a closet. The room was dirty, had wobbly furniture, and ripped carpet. When we turned on the microwave, most of the power in the room went out. It took 2 hours to fix. Staff seemed disorganized, told us the indoor pool was closed and we should go to the outdoor pool. We walked around to that pool and it was closed and padlocked. We packed and wanted to leave, but unfortunately had prepaid and we could not get a refund. Overall a terrible experience.	
Jul 12 2006	Stay away!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Aeroport Montreal for one night.This hotel is on a 12-lane(?) freeway.*Full of mold*Strong Perfume Smell*Springy Bed*Can't reach the front desk after several minutes on hold. In-person the lineup is long.*There's a light switch in the shower which is a huge electricution hazard*Tub feels like it's going to fall through the floor at any moment*Garbage and matresses stored throughout the outside courtyard to make it almost unuseable*Indoor Area smelled too much like mold to even walk through.. i prefered to use the back door near my hotel room to get around to the front even in thunder showers because the inside was too horrible*I could hear alarm buzzers at 3 and 4 in the morning from other rooms*Everything was sticky in my room*It smelled like puke and feces*No comment cards*No easy way to reach hotel managment*When calling InterContinental Relations, hold time over 20 minutes and they were only able to forward my comments to the hotel. They weren't willing to take ANY responsibility themselves even if the hotel carries their brand name.I spent almost $1000 at various holiday inns this week and this one spoiled my whole vacation on the last day. Left a very sour taste in my mouth.Comfort Inn (Choice Hotels) has been much better to me... I will continue to stay there as at least they seem to have some quality control.	
Apr 19 2006 	With so many choices choose something else.	I wouldn't receommend this hotel unless you like tacky decor, poor customer service, and rooms that scream BLAH.My business colleague had stayed at this hotel before, and he had pretty good things to say about it. While he seemed to enjoy the place more than I, he will also not return to this hotel.First I found the service to be poor. Being there on business we needed access to a fax machine. We were ensured that we would have access to one, and they have a business centre. The business centre consists of a printer/fax/copy machine that doesn't fax, and a computer with internet access. I was told to fax on this machine by the man at the front desk, only to find out it wasn't a fax machine when I asked for help from a lady at the front desk (the man had gone home). This same woman offered to fax my report for me, but when I handed her the 35 pages I needed faxed, she said she couldn't do it for 2 hours. I had to ask for everything, including alternatives and directions to the Bureau Gros (Staples), She was not helpful at all, and she was very rude.The rooms were in poor condition. My colleague had a shower head that didn't work, and when I turned the taps on the water was brown. The high speed internet (Wireless) barely worked. When I asked the front desk they advised me to purchase a Cat 5 cable and plug it in for a better connection. Since I had to go to Bureau Gros anyways, I picked one up. When I returned to my room after a day of work, the cable didn't fit as it was for a phone cable. The staff were again unapologetic.The food at the hotel is not worth what you pay. The buffets (breakfast and dinner) were poor quality, and everything seemed overpriced. The indoor poor under the atrium, and the surrounding area will bring you back to the 70's when that hotel had style. Now, it needs to be renovated by a wrecking ball.Around Montreal's airports there are many choices that are much better in terms of value, and almost all are better in terms of quality. Do not be fooled, and avoid this hotel for whatever purpose you have in Montreal.	
Oct 29 2005 	My 3rd stay here in as many years 	As I said, I've stayed here 3 times over 3 years now and I have no major complaints. The indoor atrium is very attractive and relaxing offering swimming, sauna and outdoor dining. Restaurant's good, bar's ok for a nitecap if desired and most importantly, the rooms are comfortable, clean and quiet. I don't know about you but even when in Montreal for business, I'm hardly ever in the room or at the hotel anyway because there's so many neat things to see and do and great places to eat. So, for the money I think it works OK.Just a few quick things; the internet connection in the business center is really slooooooow (they really need an updated computer) and it takes a little attention to how to get in and out of the place but other than that, nothing at all.You could do much worse, let me say it that way.....	
Oct 26 2005 	Reasonable for the money but there are better options	Too the previous reviewers I would have to say, remember that this is a drive-up two story hotel in an airport location, not a downtown, tower hotel, and not a resort hotel. It makes no pretense at being either. It simply is what it is...fairly reasonable (for Montreal) accomodation, close to the airport. Free parking is included. Stayed in Room 333, a comfortable King room, with a really good bed. There were three of us, and no Priority Club upgrade available, because the only room choices are between two-doubles or one king room. All the doubles were booked so we had a cot brought to our room at no charge.Priority Club service provided me with a free drink, and breakfast buffet for two.The room is tired, and there is noise from airplanes, but other than that it was quiet and comfortable. Room service was typically expensive ($39 for 32 chicken wings), and I hate all the tax in Quebec, but overall an okay experience. There is an indoor and an outdoor pool, games area, and very nice exercise room. Everything was okay.After staying here, I would have to say, I will return to staying at the Best Western hotel at the entrance to Dorval airport -- better location, better price, better service. The service here was okay, but the staff did not make me feel valued as a guest. They did what was necessary and no more.	
Aug 26 2005	Very Disappointed	We stayed at this hotel for two (2) nights in August 2005 because it is close to the airport and 15 minutes from the relatives that we were visiting. When we arrived, there was no bellboy available to help and we had to drag the luggage up as there are no elevators in the hotel. The room was not clean, not well lighted as bulbs were completely missing in some of the lamps. When I went by the window to look out I stood into a soaked carpet. This room needs to be renovated. The hallway had a bad odor and you coud hear noise coming from the next room. The next day we went out, although the housekeeping people were on the floor we came back to a dirty room. Since the phones were out of service, I had to walk to the reception to inquire as to why the room was not cleaned. Half an hour later, there was a knock at the door and housekeeping brought in towels, cleaned the bathroom but did not make the beds. This type of service is expected in a motel. As a Priority Club Member, I expected more from this hotel. Therefore, the price is not reasonable due to the lack of service. For all this inconvenience, I thought that the rate would have been reduced. The only good thing was the free parking as there is a fee in some hotels. What a disappointment!Room 229	
Jul 8 2005	Worst Hotel Ever	I stayed in this hotel with my wife and son in July of 2005 to attend a wedding next door at the 4 Points, which was sold out. It was a huge mistake. The staff is so rude and inconsiderate, and the shower head didi not work at all! On top of that, the refused to fix it. For 3 nights, we used a cup to pour water on ourselves to bathe. I will never stay at another Holiday Inn again.	
Apr 2 2005	Never again! 	We just returned from one night at this Holiday Inn-which was one too many. The hotel seemed full of families, so obviously they are getting customers, but the fact that it has a FOUR star rating on its door is shocking to me..our room smelled bad, was dingy and dirty (cobwebs on the ceiling and curtains, water stains everywhere, shower curtain falling apart, etc etc) We had a view of the pool ..which was also disgusting. The pool was 1/4 full of green slime, and there was trash everywhere. The gym is dirty, overheated, and located in a spot where people wet from the pool run in and out constantly (not fun).. plus my husband and daughter went out for dinner at the hotel restaurant and paid almost 100$$ for 2 meals and a sandwich and coke for me! (oh yes, and they accept dogs too, so our neighbor had one that barked on and off all night ) The capper was when we told them (explicitly) we needed to catch an early shuttle for our flight, to which they said fine --it leaves at 6 am. We arrived a few minutes to 6--to find the shuttle gone and the front desk told us, &quot;oh, it already left and you were supposed to be here at five minutes to 6&quot;--which they DID NOT tell my husband when he spoke to them the night before. Then the manager suggests we just wait around until the next shuttle- 1/2 hour later (which would mean a possible missing of our flight) We were both furious, esp. as we had to take an expensive taxi to the airport (and the shuttle was one of the main reasons we even stayed at this hotel)Do NOT stay here if you have any other choice--it's a dump, overpriced, the service is inept-and clearly Holiday Inn has washed their hands of this place&gt;	
Mar 16 2005	It has an atrium	So that give sit a couple of points. Many rooms surround an oddly lit pool/game area that tries to make you feel like you are in the tropics. It's alright. Makes a bland hotel something. It should be relatively cheap and the kids will get a kick out of it. By the airport if you're renting a car should work out just fine for a family on a budget.	
Sep 1 2004	disgusting	This was possibly the worst hotel ever. After checking in we discovered that the toilet in the small dark and run down room we checked into didn't work. We called the front desk and they promised to move us to another room. The desk clerk arrived at our room with keys to a room in the back of the hotel with a view of the parking lot,we asked if we could remain in a room with a view of the pool,to this the clerk became very rude and told my husband she had already told him it was not facing the pool ( my husband is not stupid and was not told the room was at the back of the hotel but he apologized and asked if we could stay in a room facing the pool). 45 minutes later no new room husband called the front desk again as room we were to move to was next door and had been clean since we arrived. This time the manager came to our room and she is agressively rude, as she is standing in the doorway yelling at my husband I write down her name .(attitude change when she sees me do this). The next room is no better wallpaper peeling off walls hair in the bathroom, I counted 7 bandaides around the pool 2 ponytail holders and a hair clip which were all there the next day. Will never stay at a holiday inn again	
Feb 21 2004	Avoid if possible	We stayed one night at this hotel in February 2004. It's fairly close to the airport and offers reasonable prices + free parking. However, we would not return to this hotel: The room looked well past its prime and was simply not clean. Most pieces of furniture were scratched, a lightbulb in one of the lamps was completely missing and we found a silverfish in the bathroom. Roomservice delivered pancakes instead of the French Toast we had ordered. Very disappoiting.	
May 13 2009 	Si attendre 1h30 pour la navette vous plaît.......		
Apr 3 2009 	Attention au park sleep and fly		
Aug 4 2008	bon rapport qualité prix		
