Sep 6 2007 	Nice staff lousy air conditioning	The hotel is located in a convenient suburban Montreal location near several highways. For the area it was a fair rate but the area is expensive in general. There were only a few people in the hotel so it was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The room upgraded quite nicely, including a nice and clean bathroom. Plenty of TV channels in both French and English. The only problem was the air conditioning. The control is an old dial thermostat which I could deal with but the AC was not cold. I figured it would take a while to cool down but when I laid down to go to sleep I was a bit too warm for comfort. If I had realized earlier that the AC wasn't going to cool the room I would have called the desk to be moved but I was already settled in so I dealt with it. Luckily it was a cool night and there is a window that opens. I would have some doubts about staying here again for the simple fact that the air conditioning was not effective.	
Jul 30 2006 	Fine for the money ...	My husband &amp; another couple headed up to Montreal for a quick weekend trip (2 nights) Checked around with different search engines to find something under $100.00 (only staying a night and a half) - no luck in city (the outgames going on) had to book outside. Went thru hotwire. Rooms were ok for our needs... just a place to sleep. 3 blocks from the bus station. Just be sure to request a non smoking room if you don't smoke. Even with the spray they gave us - it was overwheming. (hotel booked up and no non smoking available.) For the day and a half we were there is was ok but if staying any longer I'd look for somewhere else.Very basic hotel with limited cont. breakfast.	
Jul 27 2005	Comfortable	We have been staying at the Comfort Inn for several years. While the place is showing wear it is still a pleasant place to stay outside of Montreal. The accommodations are adequate; the price affordable. Taschereau Blvd. has many fine restaurants. Be aware that there is lots of traffic heading in and out of the city so avoid rush hours at all costs. There is a nearby bus with runs into the city. You need exact change for the ride.	
Dec 6 2003	AIRPLANE ENGINE IN THE ROOM	This is my second time to stay in this hotel. Found holiday rate of approx CAD75 from Choice Hotel web iste. However, upon check-in (I did not make reservation) front desk staff claimed there is never any &quot;holiday rate&quot; and quoted eighty something. Fortunately, a supervisor came by and I told him what I got from the website. After a few clicking on their own computer, I was given the &quot;holiday rate&quot; although I was asked whether I am a CAA member which is not the condition of getting this &quot;holiday rate&quot;. I said I am not a CAA member but I normally can get their senior rate. He accepted and I finally get this &quot;holiday rate&quot; Room is average size but the heating system in my room is apparently not in order. It sound like an airplane engine each and every time when it is running. I did not bother to change room as I stayed only one night plus the fact that I found out this problm late at night (after a very time consuming french dinner in the city)	
