	Amazing room great bathroom- Good location	As you enter this amazing hotel, you will be impressed by the beautiful chandeliers. Reception staff a bit arrogant but courteous enough. My room was just stunning, very roomy and the bed amazing! so comfortable...Ipod system, great sound ! internet is free but i keep getting messages that server was down. A great espresso machine, and it made the best espresso ever... yummy.The bathroom, just incredible, very spacious and with a beautiful large bath, including delicious bath salts for the body and great shampoo and conditioner.Negative/s: in the morning I was waking up by trucks, not sure what they were, maybe rubbish collectors or street cleaning cars...Breakfast, was okay but we thought it was expensive, and quality it was not that great.	
	Pretty much delivers	Booked a package with 1 night, two 1 hour massages, breakfast, valet and late checkout available on their website. Considering what you get, I'd consider a good deal. Location is very good. Turn right when leaving the hotel and all there is the Bell Center, couple of restos and the convenience store/gas station. Go further and you are leaving the downtown core. Not a bad or sketchy location, if you don't like noise, get out of downtown. Turn left and you are in the center of the city, a perfect location for someone wanting to stay downtown and not in Old Montreal, which is different. Check in fairly early at 3:30pm. Asked about smoking policy and is non smoking. She then offered a room with a balcony, which is an upgrade, free of charge. Perfect! Room was a suite, great bathroom, kitchenette, etc... Furniture all modern and stylich. Very nice. Spa was good, not super luxury but nice for a 12th floor urban spa. Pool is a nice tough and hot tub amazing! I'm from Montreal and never saw such a nice view from an outdoor hot tub. Great urban getaway. Ordered rooms service, was a touch slow but everything good and delivered with class. Valet was helpful and concierge seemed top notch, overheard people making club reservations, etc...Overall the hotel is nice, new, friendly and hip. I was very satisfied and really enjoyed our downtown vacation. Pretty much ideal, especially if you use that hot tub!	
	Very Cool and Great Customer Service	Very hip and stylish room, with great space and the bathroom was very big and clean. The attention to detail was wonderful and Martin at the front desk could not have been sweeter. We will definitely be back!	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent all suite boutique hotel	We like boutique hotels and Montreal offers a lot of good choices but we tried Le Crystal because of the kitchenette with the expresso machine which we wanted for early morning risings. The standard deluxe suite was very comfortable and offers more room than many boutique hotels. The bathroom was very roomy. We found our suite clean and quiet. Lots of extras like robes, slippers, umbrella, bathroom amenities, flat screen tv, ipod playing alarm clock. Wireless internet access is complementary.The downtown location was great for our interests and needs, although a first time visitor may prefer a Vieux Montreal location.We also tried La Coupole, both the restaurant for lunch and the bar after dinner. Lunch was very good and the bar was comfortable with good service.Used the gym and enjoyed the view from the 12th floor. The outdoor hot tub looked like it would be great.Service throughout was very good. We had no complaints at all and the price at $200 per night was good value.	
Nov 2 2009 	One of The Best by a Mile!!!	We were visiting for a hockey game at the Bell Centre. The location was perfect. The Service was excellent. Extra Umbrella's for the rain. Robes and Slippers in the Room. Every kind of Toiletry product you could imagine. Fluffy pillows and a throw on the sofa. The best hotel sofa that I have sat on. They are usually so uncomfortable. The Espresso Machine was a really nice touch as well. Our really sweet maid Karen, got us cream from the kitchen on her lunch break for the coffee.I loved the seperate bedroom which stayed nice and dark for sleeping in. The hotel is in walking distance to everything. I don't understand the person that complained about a store. There are several within 100 steps of the hotel. The closest is the esso station, but Shoppers Drug Mart and several other conenience stores are very close. If you like Italina I wasn't sure about the mixed reviews of Il Campari Centro across the street so we walked over to Bishop and ate at Davinci's. It was awesome. Ask for a higher floor to avoid the hockey crowd or club crawler noise.	
Oct 29 2009 	amazing....	The best hotel that i've stayed in my life! The bedroom is extremely nice and the expresso machine made me so happy in the morning time... the spa is in the top of the building and the pool is with salted water. 	
Oct 28 2009 	Beautiful Hotel But Bad Location  Very Noisy in Morning Shady Character at Night	Hotel , is Very Nice, Location is in a Very Bad Part of Town , Lots of Young Crowds out of the Bars at Night , Very Noisy in Early Morning , Garbage Truck , And Pumbling Noise , Every half hour and so forth, and Front desk wink a themselves , and tell you is can't be possible, they made up little by offering me Lousy breakfast, top it all up , i was acosted at night by shady characters hanging in the lobby ,, Room Need some Sprucing up , in Bathroom , found Lots of hairs in Shower , and fridge didn't work Most of the time ,,,Paid 155 $ on Hotwire,,Dont Pay More for Room 513	
Oct 16 2009 	Great modern rooms great pool and great location!	My husband and I stayed here because the price, based on what you get at the Fairmont, Queen Elizabeth, was hard to beat AND because of the reviews on Trip Advisor and the pics (on the hotel's site). We were glad we did! The hotel is only a couple of years old and the rooms and decor were very modern. More importantly, the bed was great!! We also loved the location and the pool. I would have given it a 5 except that I am a bit of a neat freak and did not feel the bathroom was quite clean enough. Also, the coffee in our room was not replenished without us asking on our third day there, and we had to ask for a second pair of slippers (only one was provided). Other than that, a beautiful place to stay, especially if you want a nice room for a very good price; we had a deluxe room which was a suite and the price was only $200 per night. Hard to beat!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel	First time in Montreal and I did select this hotel based the positive reviews found in this web site. And I was absolutely happy for that. The service is really attentive , the location is perfect and within walking distance of the centre of the city. I had a deluxe suite , perfect and very comfortable. Nice additional tip the Nespresso Coffee machine for a nice espresso coffee. Excellent breakfast for quality of food and fantastic lunch at the Brasserie Restaurant. So I was really satisfied with my choice and next time I will be staying again at the Hotel Le Cyrstal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Chic Hotel Ideal Location for First Time Montreal Visitors	This hotel was fantastic. My husband and I normally stay at chain hotels because they are &quot;safer&quot; as they have a set standard and are easier to predict, but decided to take a chance with this 5 star independent hotel. What a wonderful decision we made for our honeymoon! The staff are so friendly and helpful (helped us with subway and map questions) and the hotel is simply beautiful. It is chic and modern with a luxurious feel to it. Right up the street one block is St. Catherine's, which has lots of places to eat and shop. We also caught a hockey game at Bell Centre, which we could see from our hotel room. It literally took a few minutes to walk to the game! We loved this hotel, and will be going back the next time we return to Montreal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel	The hotel was wonderful: the suite was very well appointed, with a nice living room and a GREAT bathroom. Location is very good; the pool was a nice plus with the kids. As the weather was good, we also enjoyed the outdoors patio. The staff was helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	disappointed	Beautiful hotel from the outside and the lobby was superb. Here were my problems:two computers for guests' use, no time assigned so hard to get on to, then they were continuously out of order. Had to pay in advance for the room because the front desk clerk was new and made a mistake. Room was tiny... photos were misleading, 6'1&quot; partner and his feet were off the end of the bed. Finally, had a drink of cranberry from the mini bar late at night and threw up! Turned out some of the mini bar was well out of date. On a positive note, the food in the restaurant was excellent and the staff spoke very good english.	
Oct 4 2009 	Very cool suites nice location and beautiful gym	Based largely on Trip Advisor reviews, my husband and I stayed here 3 nights while vacationing in Montreal. Le Crystal is a new, sleek suite hotel in a very convenient location (unless you want to be in Vieux Montreal). We loved the privacy of the bedroom within the suite; the large, well appointed bathroom; and the lovely pool and exercise room. The location was good as well - near a Metro stop, shopping, Mont Royal and restaurants.	
Sep 7 2009 	Just Ok Hotel  Not a 4 Stars Hotel and Service 	Oh Well where do iSTt When i arrived at the hotel , Front Desk People were friendly and check in , was Fast , the lobby is beautiful , I was excited to be Here , .Went up to the room, Expecting a great Room ,for 300 or so$, price oh Well i was just ordinary , in style , modern room , with a cramped feeling to it , Nice bed but in Somewhat Small Room ,and Tiny Living Room , with cheap Furniture , the Kind you find in Target, and a small kitchenette galley ,bathroom is Nice ,and Clean , ok Then i accept it like that ,was too excited to complain in front of friends , it is not better than suite hotels you found on major highways in usa , like the amerisuites , hotel that i previously stayed in california this summer , and paid $ 79 us , per night , with more amenities , like a gift shop , great breakfast and nice lobby entertainment like a late open bar , none here in this hotel , we found a great breakfast place ard corner at cora, crowded bars on crescent street ,next block , we had a blast there ,the hotel is part appartment , and i heard from cleaning lady that it is Time Sharing , hotel , Funny but i was not surpsed about it ,This Hotel even tow , it is beautiful at first , doesnt have a Soul , it really look like any Luxury appartment Building , in any Big Cities , Bt Seriously When i want to go on Vacation , i want to feel like i am on Vacation , Not Renting , Out a Sublet in a Boring Appartment Building with No Extras , Like a Gift Shop , Late Dinner Restaurant , Bar with Nice Music , None you Findng here at Le Crystal , Oh Yes there is A Beautiful Crystal Chandellier , But Sadly it is Not Able to compensate , for the Lack of Amenites ,	
Aug 30 2009 	Sweet Suites	We visit Montreal at least once a year dividing our stays between the city center and Old Montreal. We have tried five other hotels and chose this one based on reviews at this site and the desire to try yet another Montreal hotel. Overall we were pleased with our choice.Most of the rooms at this boutique hotel are suites. Our choice was a deluxe suite which has a layout with the bedroom located in the middle of the suite without direct access to a window. There is a glass see though panel that opens to the living area. The living room/dining area had two floor to ceiling windows that more then make up for the lack of an outside window in the bedroom. There was also a kitchenette area, and for once, more then enough storage space in the room and bathroom. The look of the suite is contemporary with a slight minimalist feel to it. The bathroom was very spacious and nice, but a little on the boring side for such an ample area.The only other area of the hotel that we used was the swimming pool which was very nice. It is located on the fourteenth floor with walls of glass on two sides. There is also an outside terrace with lounge chairs and a hot tub. Small changing rooms are nearby with showers, as is a sauna. The gym area was nice with big windows, but it did not have enough equipment for a complete workout. The spa is also located on this level but we did not investigate. We tried to have a drink in the hotel at 11:15pm on Saturday night and learned that this was not possible. This was very surprising and disappointing that a nice hotel this size could not provide this basic service.We also could not help but notice that the service at this hotel was not very friendly. We normally do not complain about service or even have service problems, but almost every employee we encountered was just barely friendly. Overall we enjoyed our stay at this property, especially the spacious room and nice pool. If those features are important to you then this hotel is a good choice for you. It is also right across the street from the Bell Centre if you happen to be attending an event there.	
Aug 26 2009 	Sweet Honeymoon Hotel	Traveled to Montreal for my honeymoon. I booked the Hotel Le Crystal based on the many positive reviews I read and I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is in a nice location downtown, within an easy walk of plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping, including the Underground City. We had one of the smaller suites, but it was still plenty big enough for honeymooning. The decor was modern and clean. The bedroom was separated from a living room by a glass wall. Both rooms had flat screen tv's and the living room had a nice view of the city. The bathroom had a huge shower with a rainshower head and a regular shower head. The maid service was excellent. When we initially had trouble with the air conditioner they immediately sent a service man to fix the problem. When we asked for additional towels they were delivered quickly. The front desk people were friendly and helpful, and made restaurant reservations at my request. All in all, the hotel was great.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic stay - didn't want to leave!	We booked with [--].com and took a chance on a new hotel.We were there at 3 and they didn't have a room ready right away, so we were a little worried about how things would go. However, the delay was brief and we were given access to a fantastic suite with an enormous 400 sf patio overlooking the restaurant patio. The rooms were quiet, the bathrooms incredibly spatious and the rest of the room well appointed and well laid out.The concierge staff were fantastic. Good advice on restaurants, and one of them even went as far as to arrange a pre-diiner cocktail on the house for us on our first booking - very nice touch.The location is great, staff are fantastic, and you'll love the rooms. Don't overlook this one!!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great room and service excellent pool	Traveling with my sister and her young kids, we were upgraded to a superior sweet because our room wasn't quite ready. It wasn't huge, but the bathroom was, with its glass shower, soaking tub, generous double vanity, and Molton Brown toiletries. The decor was modern, but comfortable and interesting. Little touches like an iPod dock, a kitchenette with fridge and microwave, and faux fur throws made us very cozy in the room. The saltwater pool is gorgeous, with a glass wall revealing a great view of Montreal, and the outdoor hot tub deck is heavenly. The pool always seemed to have visitors, and not surprisingly. The lobby is cool and funky, and we found the staff really helpful with dinner reservations, parking, etc., and there was always a basket of apples on the front desk, which definitely pleased the kids. The hotel property is in easy walking distance of a couple of different Metro lines, and there is a great breakfast place nearby called Eggspectation, just a couple of blocks north on Rue de la Montagne. They served a huge cafe au lait and some fabulous brioche francaise with bananas and cinnamon.Overall, we felt that the hotel was lovely, comfortable, and modern. A great value too, in a really good location, and the pool is a huge bonus.	
Aug 25 2009 	Fine Hotel Not Five Stars By Any Means	We went to Montreal for a long weekend with 2 children. Hotel Le Crystal is in an excellent location - convenient to fantastic restaurants, Old Montreal and shopping. The hotel offers valet parking, which was helpful since we drove to Montreal. We stayed in a Deluxe suite - small bedroom, small living room, galley kitchen and a balcony. We wanted a suite for our two kids (10 &amp;12) to share the sofa bed and for my wife and I to have a private bedroom. That worked out fine. The decor was minimalist - clean, but not sumptuous. The bathroom not too small, and not elegant. The sinks did not drain properly (we called maintenance, but they still worked poorly). The balcony is a cement stoop with uncomfortable furniture. However, the shower was great. Service and staff are extremely attentive, but our room was not ready (it took about two hours after it was promised). They comped our parking which was acceptable to us. Hotel parking is $26/day. The open, unsecured lot across the street is $8/day. The concierge was EXCELLENT - he gave us great restaurants except one. Eat at: Beaver Hall, Irish Embassy; Winston Churchill; Eggspectations, Pain Diore. Skip Trinity (Greek seafood - over priced, too loud). Valet and front desk were also attentive.Overall our experience was fine, we were expecting a five star hotel and Le Crystal is 4 at best. It is not worth $289/night which is what we paid. If we were to go to Montreal again, we would choose a different hotel.	
Aug 20 2009 	Nice but has a few kinks to work out	We went to Montreal for a long weekend without children. Hotel Le Crystal is in an excellent location - convenient to fantastic restaurants, Old Montreal and shopping. The hotel offers valet parking, which was helpful since we drove to Montreal. We stayed in a junior suite - small bedroom, small living room, galley kitchen. The decor was minimalist - clean, but not sumptuous. The bathroom was large, but not elegant. However, the shower was great. Hotel Le Crystal has two problems - the food and the spa. Service and staff are extremely attentive, but the food was the worst that we had in the city. Also, at least when we were there, the spa treatments are a waste of money. The young girls are friendly and talkative, but the massage left much to be desired. If we were to go to Montreal again, we would choose a different hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Montreal's Crown Jewel	This is the most magnificent property, the BEST location and the service is extraordinaire.Walk to St. Catherine and Crescent St, the Bell Center or arrange for the Bellman to take you to &quot;Old Montreal.&quot; It just doesn't get any more convenient.The nightlife, no taxi needed. The fabulous restaurants, no taxi needed. Sporting events, across the street. Concerts, I'm sure this is were the &quot;stars'&quot; stay.The accommodations are superb, Internet access is FREE. A beautiful spa, excellent fitness equipment (with a view) and salt water pool and hot tub. The outdoor deck has a view of Mont Royal and the setting sun, BYOB.You can't go wrong at the Crystal, I wish they'd franchise so I could stay at them worldwide.	
Aug 15 2009 	highly recommended	I booked this hotel through hotwire, the website where the name of the hotel is revealed after full payment. I was pleased to learn that I had booked the Crystal as I had already read the positive reviews. The Crystal is located in downtown Montreal, just opposite of the Bell Centre. The blocks surrounding the hotel are dull but it is short walk to shopping streets and about 15 min to the old town.My room was well appointed and equipped. It consisted of a kitchenette, a work and living room area and a separate bed room. The colours are soft and natural, maybe a tad boring. Both bedroom and living room have large flat screens. I was very content with the ample storage space and the ipod dock on the desk. Internet is free of charge and worked fine.The double bed was extremely comfortable but very narrow. I would recommend duos to book a room with twin beds.The health club has modern equipment and a small swimming pool and a jaccuzzi with a view, I am now having a delicious lunch in the restaurant while writing this review. My only major complaint would be the breakfast buffet which is very limited. I had breakfast in cafes in the area instead.I would say this is a top choice for business travellers. Tourists might be better off choosing a hotel in the old town.	
Aug 12 2009 	Best choice in Montreal	We stayed at Le Crystal for a long weekend in one of the two room suites (512). The room was excellent and spotless, included two flat screens, a comfortable living area and bedroom. Microwave, dishware, espresso maker were all in the room and the bathroom was huge, with double sinks, stand up shower and separate tub. Staff was very friendly and helped us find a great sushi spot (called Zen-Ya which we highly recommend. It's a little hard to find, but worth it once you get inside). Angelo's Italian) was also very good. We parked in the valet for $26/day, although there is outdoor parking across the street at $10/day if you don't mind the open lot. The gym and roof top were great as well. We thought the hotel is in the best location out of most of the other top choices, just around the corner from Crescent. We will definately stay here again when back in Montreal.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good value but not the best 5 star hotel	Bit surprised by some of the rapturous reviews on the site-yes, the hotel is good value for money compared to other cities around the world, but it is in no way comparable to some of the top 5 star establishments. The foyer area is rather sterile and uninviting, restaurant food is quite good but breakfast is appalling! No freshly squeezed juice (or even Tropicana for that matter!), meagre selection of pastries and the worst coffee we had in Montreal. For a city with such great restaurants it was shocking, and room service was no better. However, the coffee in the Millesme cafe was not too bad, so it's worth paying the extra and getting your morning coffee there. For a hotel that's only a year old, you can already see signs of wear and tear-our carpet in the executice suite was rather badly stained, and the room was filled with the smell of smoke, which to be fair the staff did try to rectify.The kitchen area was nice, and I'm sure that if you bring a young family it is very convenient as there was a separate shower room/toilet and a sofa bed in the livign room area. The room was spacious (as we had the most expensive room bar the penthouse suite which was not available) but it wasn't exactly kitted out luxuriously and it's obvious they used cheap materials to build everything. However, the spa is nice, gym just ok, pool area hit and miss. Breakfast sorely needs improving, and staff could be a little more knowledgeable.Also turn down needs to be until later in the day, who wants their curtains all closed at 4pm?There are a LOT of curtains!STaff were perfectly nice and the bell boys/valet service was good. ALso free internet was very useful.Not sure if I would stay here again, but possibly if we came with a small family.The area is near shops and nice department stores, but Montreal has more charming neighbourhoods.	
Aug 3 2009 	Ideal	Loved, loved, loved this hotel! The location is perfect -- a block from shopping on St. Catherine's and 3 to 4 blocks from the Peel metro station. For the tech-savvy/intrigued, your room key powers the room. Loved the wetbar w/ microwave and mini-fridge. The wireless internet was unavailable most of my stay; however, the computers downstairs did the job. The staff was very accommodating; however, be sure to press the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; button before going to bed --housekeeping rang my doorbell 3 times (before 10am) the first morning! The frontdesk staff was very helpful. I had trouble unlocking the safe and they sent a technician up in 5 min who resolved the issue. I had an early flight out and the valets/bellboys ensured a cab was waiting to take me to the airport.Le Crystal is a wonderful hotel and I will definitely stay there again!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Hotel.....BEST SERVICE....Everything in walking distance	We came with a large group and got 5 rooms for 4 nights. I would have to say, the service was incredible. Not one of the rooms complained about ANYTHING.....trust me, with my group that would have found something. This may not be a family style hotel, but this is the spot for those special weekends when you need to get away. All suites, awesome restaurant with a patio &amp; DJ. Close to everything, shops, bars, night clubs, restaurants, anything you need. Montreal is great, but you better spend the cash and stay at the LeCrystal, its worth it. I give props to the house keeping crew, they had a lot of work and they maintained that place like no other.Thank You Francais (Frank) and the rest of the staff. Hope you will let our roudy bunch come back.	
Jul 28 2009 	Amazing Accommodations!	We stayed at Le Crystal for 4 nights and we had an amazing time in Montreal and at this hotel. The staff and service were top notch. The accommodations were immaculate and stylish without being snooty. There was nothing to complain about. The saltwater pool and rooftop jacuzzi were great pluses( much welcomed after walking the streets of Montreal)...I already miss the city and the hotel...WE WILL BE BACK!	
Jul 27 2009	Great location Service Rooms...	Let's get the bad out of the way...Breakfast may be the worst in Montreal. Below ays Inn quality...We could not even eat it, and this is the third time we tried it. Ended up walking to Chez Cora nearby which is about the best breakfast in town. This is my third stay, and my room was not ready by check in time 2 out of 3 times. Recommend getting there 90 minutes after check in or call ahead on your way in to see if room is ready. WOW is that lame...Otherwise the hotel is very nice. Service is that typical Quebecois trying to be nice but you can tell they are really trying hard. Rooms are clean and spacious, we had an executive suite which was nice. Location could not be better. The new bar in the hotel is very nice, especially the outdoor part in summer.Expect to pay at least 30-40% more in summer than winter. Do not order room service if you can help it. It was very lame. With so many restaurants nearby you should really get out and eat as much as possible.I will stay here again, but I would not recommend bringing any kids under age 16. It is really meant for adults, unlike Loews Vogue which caters to kids and upscale guests as well.	
Jul 26 2009 	Immaculate!	This was a beautiful hotel in the heart of downtown Montreal. Steps to shopping and many restaurants. Staff was very friendly, we arrived at noon and they let us have our room right away, which was appreciated. The room was immaculate. The little kitchen area was convenient and beautiful, grantie countertops, equipped with microwave, stove, sink, coffee/espresso/cappucino machine. The bedroom was a separate room, closed off from the rest of the suite with sliding doors. The living area was nice and spacious as was the balcony, furnished with tables and chairs to sit outside. Bathroom was beautiful but didn't have a bath tub, just a large shower. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 22 2009 	Even better than expected	We spent five days at Le Crystal in July and after reviewing the web site were expecting a comfortable suite with amenities. But we did not expect the sheer pleasure of the quality of this hotel. A beautiful spacious room with separate king bedroom, enormous bath with soaking tub and separate shower, twin sinks, storage well beyond what we have ever seen in a hotel, Nepresso machine which delighted us every morning, the wonderful pool and spa. A joy to return to each evening after exploring the delights of Montreal. But what made this hotel even better was the quality of the staff, cheerful, pleasant and helpful without being cloying. Everyone we met: the desk staff, valets, the waitress at breakfast, the pool staff and especially our concierge. The staff should be commended. On another note: we finished our visit with dinner at Europee, truly an experience with an endless series of desserts. But we also delighted in a little restaurant around the corner on Crescent, Bistro le The au Logis, with a wonderful choice of teas and fresh, beautifully prepared, Korean specialities well adapted to Western tastes. Charming service, an elegant chef and her son, intriguing art work. A delight!	
Jul 20 2009 	Shiny new property come HIGHLY recommended	Firstly, I can easily recommend this property. It is an all suite property for a price that would get you a nice room at similar hotels in the city. The suite we stayed in reminded me of a nice executive corporate apartment, which I believe the developer was selling within the higher floors of this building.Several days prior to arrival, I called to request dinner reservations, including a late reservation for Au Pied de Cochon. They pulled through, which I really appreciated.An unfortunate event during our stay was out of the hotel's control. The city has a planned water shut off, which interfered with our ability to get ready in the morning. It seemed like it took hours for the rusty water to clear out of the system. But it did give me an additional appreciation of the very large bathroom with a large separate enclosed shower and top notch hardware. Toiletries were very high quality. I wish the management had been of greater assistance. All they offered were two small bottles of their house label water.Lunch downstairs was a good bargain, but was of just okay quality.Location is on de la Montagne, but seemed to be a little on the edge of the most desirable segment of this street.	
Jul 15 2009 	First Class Gorgeous	A most hospitable staff and concierge made this stay worthwhile. The room service was excellent and quick. Bath amenities were superb and included a &quot;rain shower&quot; which was delightful. Lots of interesting magazines were near the tv in the sitting area; the bedroom tv was also very convenient.The 8th floor room had some utility room next to it which was extremely loud and woke me up every single evening...several times a night. That was very disturbing and the only negative. But a BIG negative! I would not have stayed in that room but my daughter didnt want to repack.Le Crystal is located close to several great pubs, Rosalies, and the superb Chez le Mere Michel...and two blocks from great shopping.	
Jul 10 2009 	The best hotel in Montreal -by far!	I'm not 100% clear how the TripAdvisor rankings work, but I'm sure the equation takes into account the overall number of reviews. Being only 1 year old, Le Crystal must not have enough overall reviews, because make no mistake about it, this is THE nicest hotel in the city! I travel to Montreal at least 3 times/year and have been doing so for several years. I have yet to stay in the same hotel twice, just because there has always been room for improvement. That is, until now. All the previous reviews are right on: the highest quality bed and linens you will experience anywhere, exceptional service, high class furnishings, a bathroom to die for, and the quietest suites ever. Even the doors to each suite are quiet- slow closing, and completely sealed so absolutely no hallway noise gets through. The pool and hot tub area are beautiful. The location is central. Perfect. The only issue may be the price; there are other nice hotels around (although not as nice) such as the Gault, Germain (although in need of some updating) and the Loews up the street. I managed a decent price on skyauction, but they will have to try to stay competitive price wise. If you can afford it, well go for it! (just make sure you take the Metro and walk and explore the Plateau/Mont Royal area and not just spend your time downtown). La Colombe on Duluth- small French Bistro worth the trip to Montreal in itself!	
Jul 5 2009 	Extremely comfortable with superb 5 star service	Upon your first glance of the Le Crystal Hotel, you know you are in a very good stay. The outside is very sleek and modern looking with a very nice lobby to sit in and relax. The front desk staff, bellhops and car valet's are right on the mark everytime. Julien was an exceptional pleasure at check out this morning with his true 5 star service. The service in the entire hotel is excellent and extremely efficient. We stayed in a deluxe king suite (the entire hotel is suites) which had a real nice living area with a couch and 2 nice leather chairs which was very comfortable for viewing one of the two flat panel tv's in the room. There is a seperate bedroom with sliding doors and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I have stayed at many of the finest hotels around the world during my extensive business travels and I can never recall a bed as confortable. The rooms are so quiet, we thought we were the only ones staying in the hotel and I knew the hotel was close to fully booked this weekend! The suite also has a Nespresso coffee maker in the room which is well stocked with different coffee's, espresso and teas. There is a small kitchenette area of the suite with stocked refridgerator, microwave, plates and utensils.We had a very nice view of downtown Montreal and the location is a stones throw away from the Bell Center, home of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team. I was traveling with my wife and 2 young kids and they loved it as well. We only ate breakfast at the hotel restaraunt and it was excellent. The location is great for walking to shopping, the famed &quot;uderground&quot; shopping, restaraunts and night life. This hotel is true 5 star gem and it is not be missed while traveling to Montreal.	
Jun 25 2009 	Extremely comfortable and excellent restaurant	Very large and comfortable room. Staff very freindly and co-operative, although not as organized or efficient as one expects in a 5 star hotel	
Jun 9 2009 	Service Above 	I don't think I've ever been so impressed with a hotel! Hotel Le Crystal exceeded any expectations that I have ever had about ANY accommodation ever!!! We booked this hotel incidentally on Hotwire since I was just going to a conference. We took the &quot;deal&quot; of a 5 star hotel for $130/nt and this is where we ended up with a 1 bedroom suite! What an incredible, unbelievable steal!!! This place is all about courteous service. I have several examples:When we arrived we couldn't seem to locate the front door. A gentleman in the hotel restaurant told us where the door was, but also quickly grabbed up our luggage and escorted us through the restaurant to the hotel. He ran off so quickly I couldn't even manage to get a tip out of my purse quickly enough to show my gratitude!I forgot my toothbrush and there was one in the room within 3 minutes. Actually, they brought 2!I got blisters from too much walking and there were bandaids in my room within 5 minutes.I wanted to ask a few questions about St. Joseph's Oratory and there was a fresh printout from their website at my door within about 10 minutes (amazing!).Whenever we needed a taxi, they made sure we had one - again, within minutes!They answered all of our questions about getting around the city and how to take the metro. They outlined things for us on maps. If they didn't know the answer to a question, they quickly found someone who did.We called to ask about a noise that was occurring early in the morning and they offerred a free upgrade (which we didn't take since we were already unpacked and plenty comfy) to a bigger suite or free breakfast - which was wonderful. They apologized up and down.Every request was met with courtesy, respect, and a smile. Nothing was an imposition. These people are so happy to do whatever you need. No matter what staffperson you ask for help, they immediately act on it. I asked a maid for the toothbrush, a waiter for directions, a restaurant employee where the door was, etc, outside of the front desk staff and concierge. Everyone is really on their toes!I also happen to be pregnant - not that many of these requests were in person. My point really is that I didn't feel like wearing dressy clothes or making up my face. I looked very casual by this hotel's standards - but they didn't treat me any differently. The hotel is gorgeous. The suites are very generous in space, including an enormous bathroom and shower. There are two flat screen tv's. The bed was super comfy. And EVERYTHING is within walking distance! If you don't feel like walking, the metro is one block away and it goes everywhere.The only issue was a very loud noise associated with the plumbing that occurred in the mornings - likely associated with people showering. It would often start around 6:30am and intermittently recur for about 1.5 hours. It is loud enough to wake you. One night it happened at 3am, which is when we called.Just amazing. Nothing short of it. I would go back and pay twice as much and still feel that I got a good value.	
Jun 5 2009 	Man what a nice place	Well, forget all the other hotels...this place was great...its pricey but if you are going on vacation forget the price. All the rooms are suites with two tv's one in the bedroom and one in the living area. If you are like me, my wife and I have a tiff about what program to watch. Bring walking shoes, and buy the 3 day pass at the metro...take the bus...the drivers are very good...you can get on and off as you please...see the city...Old town is a must. Now the bad, weird people everywhere. Bring mucho money...unless youi are going to eat at Mc Donalds, food is a little high...Good Luck....	
Jun 3 2009 	It's all true!	This hotel is one of the best EVER! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in May and it was the best experience ever. The staff was very nice and very attentive. Our every questions and every concern was addressed. The rooms are great. We were upgraded from the urban suite to the Superior suite without even asking. The bathroom was huge, with a large shower and jack/jill sinks. It was great to have the separate living and bedroom area. Speaking of the bedroom, the bed was better than the Ritz of any other place we ever stayed. It's a pillow top mattress with very soft sheets and great pillows. The Jacuzzi on the deck and the indoor pool are great places to relax before dinner after all the sightseeing and walking around. It is a very expensive hotel, but we got a great deal through Hotwire. The hotel is located on the English speaking side, walking distance to the Old Towne, the Basilica, the underground malls, bars and clubs. There is a great Irish bar across the street, The Old Orchid. If you are in the mood for an authentic French meal, Chez La Mère Michel, is a great restaurant. The food was delicious and the service was great. It's our family owned restaurant and our waiter, Marc, has worked there for years. Don't go to Globe restaurant regardless of what anyone tells you. The service is the worst you'll ever get, not worth the atmosphere or the money. If you go to Montreal, Hotel Le Crystal is a must!!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Spoiled me for future visits to Montreal	I visited the Crystal with my husband and young daughter, and with another couple. The hotel was unable to provide us with side-by-side rooms as we had requested, but we were just 4 doors apart and this was not an issue. Our room was beautiful -- as described by numerous other reviewers, they are all suites, with separate living and sleeping quarters. I'm a mattress snob and thought the mattresses at the Crystal were extremely comfortable. My daughter slept on the sofa bed, which (being just 3) didn't bother her at all -- for myself, my experiences lying on it when reading books at night were enough to convince me I wouldn't want to spend a whole night on it! (But again, I wouldn't book a hotel room planning to sleep on the sofa bed -- just be warned if you have picky sleepers who will be using it that it is like every other sofa bed they have ever met!)The bathroom, with the rainfall shower and the soaking tub, was perfect. I nixed the pool on the last day for my daughter, as I found the water temperature a bit cool and she was developing a cold -- and she was perfectly happy playing in the warm tub instead! The amenities in the kitchen were perfect, with a sink, plenty of space in the refrigerator for leftovers, and even a microwave and kettle (and toaster, I think). I don't drink coffee but if I did, would have loved the cappuccino maker in the rooms. My husband, who's a &quot;regular coffee&quot; guy, would have liked a coffee maker that made more than a demitasse at a time.The pool area was beautiful, filled with light from wrap-around windows, and much larger than I expected it to be. As stated, I would have liked the water temp to be a bit warmer, but my daughter certainly didn't mind it and my husband didn't seem to either. The outdoor hot tub was the biggest I have ever seen, and my only wish is that it, too, had been a bit warmer (and I'm a person who usually likes to keep the hot tub under 100). Being outside, and being Canada, the air was cool enough that a couple of extra degrees in the hot tub would have been much welcomed.The location of the hotel is perfect for shopping, and it is convenient to the Metro to go farther afield. Parking was convenient and the valet staff were all quick and courteous (just be aware that they will add $26/day to your bill for parking -- as most of the other hotels in the area do as well).On previous visits to Montreal we have stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne and at the Delta. The Crystal would seem to be a more expensive option but good deals were available and we would definitely choose the Crystal first for future visits, all things being equal.	
May 26 2009 	Great Holiday Weekend	My wife and I just spent three nights at this wonderful hotel. We had a spacious suite (non-fireplace, non-balcony suite). We really enjoyed having 2 TVs so I could stay up late and unwind out in the living area while my wife slept in the bedroom area.The hotel staff was all very friendly and helpful.We enjoyed the rain-head shower and the soaking tub.The expresso machine was a nice touch and the mini-bar fridge had enough room to put leftovers in it for a later heat-up in the in-room microwave.Everything still had the new-feel about it in the hotel.The pool and hot tub seemed to always be busy during our stay. It would have been nicer for them to stay open a little later into the evening.The only negative at all was the temperature in the room. The air conditioning claimed it would go down to 18 degrees celsius which would be about 64 degrees fahrenheit. It never got that cool, especially in the bedroom. At night we opened the two large windows in the living room but because of the bed being behind a wall, the breeze never really hit us and made sleeping a little too warm for us. We're the type that wouldn't mike seeing our breath when we sleep so it was a little tough on us.Only other thing that caused me to leave one point off on cleanliness was a bottlecap that stayed in the same spot in the hallway for our entire stay which made us think they weren't cleaning the carpets in the halls.	
May 19 2009 	A piece of Heaven in Montreal! Forget the rest - stay here!!	We stayed at Hotel Le Crystal for a week recently, and our experience was so great we felt compelled to write this review! The hotel reception, hallways, and bedrooms were decorated beautifully. The room itself was massive - had a separate living room, bedroom, kitchen area, and a massive bathroom! I was truly very impressed with the set-up. The sofa in the living room was also a sofa-bed. The kitchen area came with a kettle, micowave, coffee machine, tea, coffee, cutlery, and plates. It came in very handy a couple of times when we decided to get takeaway and relax in the room for the evening. There were 2 large television sets (!) - one in the bedroom, and one in the living room. The mattress and pillows were super comfy - you'll feel 10 years younger waking up!The walk-in-shower had 2 different shower heads, with excellent water pressure, and a large vanity area.The free newspaper at your door each morning was a very nice touch.However, my absolute favourite bit of the hotel was the spa area on the 12th floor. It was open from 7am-9pm, and the use of the facilities were inclusive as part of your stay. The excellent facilities included a very large hot tub (still can't stop thinking about it!), large swimming pool, 2 saunas, towels, and recliner chairs. There were lockers in the changing room which made things even easier. There was also a gym that was open 24/7. The cleaner that was incharge of that area daily was amazing - i have never seen a man scrub and polish repeatedly with a smile! Germs had no chance! He left the area immaculate when he was done, and would keep coming back to check on it.The front desk staff were superbly helpful with everything, And the free internet stations downstairs came in handy as well. In terms of value for money - i think we got way above and beyond what we paid for. We visited the Hilton Metropole for a conference while staying here, and there was just no comparison!! Hotel Le Crystal blew it out the water - i'm very glad we chose to stay at Hotel Le Crystal. So, absolutely thrilled, and if i ever am in montreal again, will definitely stay here again.The location was excellent - everything was within walking distance. Getting to the hotel from the airport only cost $25 each. We took a coach service called L'Aerobus. You can buy tickets from the booth at the airport, and the coach takes you into the central bus station. From there, a free shuttle bus service will drop you off at Hotel Le Crystal. On the way back, just call them one day in advance to make a reservation for your seat back on the coach. Otherwise you can take a taxi, but will cost a lot more.My only dislike about the hotel was the restaurant, in that there were essentially no vegetarian options on the menu. As a result, we didn't have any meals in the hotel's restaurant. There was an amazing vegetarian restaurant within 7 minutes walking distance from the hotel called &quot;Le Commensal&quot; - which is a must go to for incredibly delicious, healthy, filling food.Finally, i think they should have supplied &amp; supported a Canadian Brand of toiletries (shower gel, shampoo etc) instead of Molton Brown London products. We went to Canada to experience Canada, not to be reminded of london!!But, other than those 2 minor issues, it was just lush!! Would happily pay all over again for another stay. Seriously, forget the rest of the hotels in downtown montreal - this is the real gem!	
Apr 26 2009 	Fantasic hotel. Everything first class rooms service 	We stayed in a superior suite over the Easter weekend. All the rooms are suites and the room was even better than I expected. The bedroom and lounge areas are separated but a sliding door, there are LCD TVs in both the bedroom and lounge with a sofa and small table in the lounge area.The bathroom was enormous with twin sinks, a wide and deep bath and separate walk in shower.There was a small modern well equipped fitness room. With pool, sauna rooms and there was a deck but it was too cold to check it out, but looked nice.We eat in the hotel restaurant on the night we arrived rather than search out somewhere else as it was late, the food &amp; service were very good and the hotel bar is small but nice for a nightcap.The staff were very friendly and the front desk was very helpful with very good restaurant recommendations and even offering to book my onward train tickets.Very much recommended for anyone visiting Montreal.	
Apr 20 2009 	first class	After much research my husband and I chose Hotel le Crystal for our trip to Montreal. We read the reviews and were not worried about our choice, however, we were not prepared for the first class treatment we received. The front desk staff were friendly and gracious. We just had to ask the question and they had the answer and if they didn't they found the answer for us. The suite we stayed in was large and airy with an espresso machine and a variety of flavours to choose from. The bathroom was huge and the beds were comfortable. I don't know why this hotel is not listed in the top 5 hotels in Montreal. It has a great location and the best staff I have ever dealt with in my life. (And we've been to Walt Disney World a few times where the staff are excellent). I stopped after checking out to let the front desk know how impressed we were. We will go back over and over if they keep giving this kind of service.	
Apr 10 2009 	The Best Birthday Treat!	We stayed at Le Crystal at the end of March and the website and all the reviews (as wonderful as they are) don't do this outstanding hotel justice. It was a treat from beginning to end - from the early check-in, to the chocolate covered strawberries, to the amazing service, to the room service request to bring up champagne glasses + china for coffee, cake, etc - all done with extreme professionalism and friendliness. The staff are absolutely the best.We were there for my birthday - we were originally given a free upgrade to the Superior Suite, but my son treated us to an additional upgrade to the Deluxe Suite - and what a treat it was. Ten floors up with incredible views, fabulous sitting room (we had 10 people there for drinks and hors d'ouevres and it was very comfortable), lovely mini-kitchen, incredibly comfortable bed and luxury bathroom. By the way, we got a super rate through Expedia.We had fun being tourists in our own city and enjoyed a couple of hours soaking in the roof-top hot tub and sunning ourselves on the deck - who knew we'd be able to do that in Montreal in March!!! Didn't have time to sample the Spa, but we were given a tour and it's really beautiful.I would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat and hope to go back again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Beautiful and comfortable	Hotel and room was impeccable - great style, clean, chic, and functional. I actually stayed here twice in early 2008 and loved it both times. Cleanliness: absolutely spotless everywhere, including the gym (which was great by the way since it had a great view and state of the art machines).Service: polite and courteous from the front desk to the bellboy. Location: located right in the downtown core so it was easy to walk everywhere, from St. Catherine's St to the Bell Center (which was just right across the street!).Value: expensive but worth every penny as the rooms were just wonderful and so comfortable and stylish. Bathrobes were a great touch!Rooms: as I've said again and again, they were just fantastic. I have never stayed at a nicer hotel and I've stayed at my share of Fairmonts and equivalent hotels.Overall: Would return again and again and recommend it to everyone - just make sure you're willing to take a hit in the wallet!	
Mar 26 2009 	Honeymoon at Le Hotel Crystal	The hotel was beautiful. The service and staff was impeccable. They went out of their way to make the room perfect for my honeymoon. Claudine at the front desk is an angel and James the Valet should be the new consierge he helped us with every place we wanted to see. I would stay at the Crystal again and again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Absolutely fabulous.	Le Crystal is just absolutely perfect. I was there for three days with my sister and mother for a girls weekend and we have officially made it our retreat hotel in Montréal. We won’t stay anywhere else but here from now on.First, the guest service was outstanding. The guys at the front desk were tripping over themselves to help us in an yway. Our flights arrived very early (7:30 a.m.) in Montréal so we arrived at the hotel very early. Not expecting to check in, but to leave our luggage and perhaps freshen up a little. We were provided a pass to the pool and spa on the 12th floor where we used the ladies change room to get ready for a day of shopping. When we left the front desk asked for my cell number so they could call me when our room was ready. They said it would be around 1 p.m. They called at 11:30 a.m.! We were still up on Sainte Catherine’s (which is one block away from Le Crystal). We made our way back to the hotel around 1:30 p.m. and checked in.Our room was great. We had a superior king suite. There was a huge soaker tube in the bathroom with a nice shower complete with Suisse rain shower head. We found the room cosy and perfect for three ladies getting away for the weekend.We visited the outdoor rooftop hot tub every day. The Jacuzzi was just the icing on the cake for this beautiful hotel. Tip: in March the sun hits the hot tub between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m.	
Mar 22 2009 	Beautiful and modern hotel but happy I wasn't the one who paid.	I stayed there with 3 other friends, in one of the suites (I think the hotl only has suites... but I might be wrong). After my friend's prom, her father got us a room so we could have a good time the 4 of us together. The hotel was built in the last years and it shows. It's simplicity adds to it. The outdoor spa on the 12th floor offers a great view of the city.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great hotel great location	I got this hotel on Hotwire for a steal. It was a great hotel, location is wonderful, we walked to everything, good restos near by. Room was lovely, had the lowest category, still two rooms, two tv's, bath and shower. Did not eat in hotel, brought breakfast with us as there is a small fridge, microwave, kettle and dishes etc. Free WIFI, great pool and hot tub area. Was very, very clean. Loved the Molton Brown toiletries. Beds and bedding were great quality.Would stay there agin in a heartbeat. Much nicer than the Fairmont Queen Eloizabeth just up the street.Staff were friendly and very helpful, had a few issues with the fridge and they were up fixing it in no time at all.	
Mar 4 2009 	The Best in Town	My husband and I spent our first wedding anniversary at Hotel Le Crystal and it was amazing! Let me just tell you, this hotel is GORGEOUS! The rooms are fabulous, modern and spacious. The location of the hotel is steps away from fantastic shopping, excellent restaurants and the Bell Center. The staff are incredible, every single person working in that hotel provided top notch service! I even loved the line of bath &amp; body products they had in the room (Molton Brown from London). The attention to detail in this hotel is evident everywhere you look.Bond &amp; AlexOttawa, ON	
Mar 4 2009 	New favorite	We are in Montreal at least 5 times a year and have now stayed at the Crystal at least 5 times now and I love it. Rooms are crisp and clean - very modern. I recommend it highly. Very convenient to Bell Center as well as St Catherine shopping. Breakfast in the hotel is pretty mediocre - but there are a million other places to go. Front desk staff is a little bit of the helpless &quot;not-my-job&quot; variety but the parking/bell desk is quite capable and friendly.	
Mar 2 2009 	Luxurious and great location	We really enjoyed our visit to the Hotel Le Crystal last year. The hotel was as other guests had advised - upscale, very close to the shopping on Rue Ste Catherine, great concierge/reception service and nice touch with the outdoor hot tub. They are also very generous with the Molton Brown toiletries. We didn't eat in the restaurant, so I can't comment on that. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel, but I would point out that not all the rooms have the tub, as advertised, so do ask to switch rooms if you want that. Our first night was spent in an urban suite, which did not have a tub, but was a good size room/bathroom still. We really wanted the tub, as I had a back problem, and wanted to take a soak, so next day we asked to move rooms and were rewarded with an upgrade to a much bigger suite, no problem. Also, yes, the lighting is a little dark and they added a mini bar charge, which wasn't correct, but they removed it on request and it didn't detract from a great hotel and a great stay.	
Feb 20 2009 	Central Chic soo Montreal!	Went there on a business trip and I loved it soo much, great staff, goergeous suites. Loved the espresso machine in the room and the separate living room! Can't believe all the rooms in the hotel are that great, and I had the cheapest on top of that!Anyways, I would recommend it to anyone coming to Montreal.	
Feb 19 2009 	The review I would have wanted to see when researching Montreal hotels	My girlfriend and I just returned from our stay at Le Crystal. I spent a lot of time researching hotels in the city, and was surprised that this didn't make more 'best of lists'. I'm assuming this is the case because it is only a little over a year old.LOCATION-At first I thought we might want to be near old Montreal, but after walking through briefly, I understood why all of the natives frown on the area. I was considering Hotel Nelligan and am glad we opted for Le Crystal. Old Montreal is worth seeing, but it is filled exclusively with novelty tourist shops, a few restaurants, and obscure galleries. Lacks the charm of a Quincy Market in Boston, but was fun to walk through briefly. Le Crystal is right in the middle of downtown, great access to shopping and nightlife around the block, the arena across the street, and Le Queue de Cheval is literally across the parking lot.SERVICE-I originally requested an early check in to make the most of our stay, but this was not possible. Our trip did not get off to the best start, as we had to wait an hour and a half in the lobby. Needless to say, we were not pleased but didn't make any mention of this. When we were ready for check-in, they had upgraded us to the penthouse suite which definiely helped. The concierge was great as well, very personable and friendly.DININGWe dined at La Coupole for brunch and really enjoyed ourselves. They featured an extensive buffet and everything was fresh and very good. ROOM-In terms of cleanliness, no complaints whatsoever. Given the room we stayed in, there were plenty of amenities. I really wanted a fireplace and the large tub. It would be nice if they had dimmers...plus, the bedroom lighting was a little lacking but the rooms were really as described. DVD player is only available upon request. Bathrooms are very spacious. The bed featured a very soft and comfortable Tempur-Pedic mattress and high quality linens. The kitchenette is definitely nice to have as well.POOL/OUTDOOR HOT TUB/SAUNA-Both were freezing, was really looking forward to spending more time in each and ended up using the tub which was much warmer. There are two saunas which are tiny, and can accommodate a couple per unit. The facility was great, just wish it was warm enough to make us want to stay and be comfortable.OVERALLMy biggest complaint is that for the amount of money we spent, we didn't get to spend as much time to enjoy all of the amenities afforded to us. Would have really enjoyed the pool/hot tub more if they were heater but they were freezing.I really think that we found a great hotel there, and look forward to returning when it is not as busy. I don't think you will find another hotel with as many amenities, and the quality of the rooms and service was great. I think the W just seemed too modern and impersonal, and this was modern but warm, elegant, and classy.	
Feb 6 2009 	Oh My God loved it!	I don't know what it takes to make this hotel #1 but that's where it should be. This is the nicest hotel overall I have ever stayed in. The hotel is about 1 year old located between St. Catherine's and Renee Levesque across from the Bell Center, great location. The staff was amazing, accomodating, and friendly. My suite had a huge bathroom, stand-up shower, and jet tub, a kitchen area, a little living room area with a swedish foam couch, a microfibre and faux fur throw, a separate bedroom with a swedish foam topped mattress (so comfy), a nice desk, bathrobes, slippers, 2 flatscreen tv's...I could go on. I could live here. The gym was nice and new (slight mildew smell). Hopefully they can keep the price reasonable, up the quality and cleaniness and updates as needed.	
Jan 9 2009	Amazing Hotel	This hotel is amazing. The staff is so friendly. We were able to check into our hotel at 11am instead of 3pm which was amazing because we drove from 7 hours away and were faster than what we had expected. We were in our rooom for about an hour and the front desk called to advise there was a plumbing issue in our room and we had to be moved but that we were going to be upgraded to a larger suite with no extra charge. After they came and helped us move all of our luggage and we were in our new room for a couple of hours, they sent up a tray of fruit and cheeses. Absolutely amazing. The hotel rooms are beautiful. The rain shower and bath are amazing. The outside hot tub is breathtaking and the pool is beautiful too. The atmosphere is just unbelievable and I can't say enough about this hotel!!!	
Nov 27 2008 	Great concept but a little impersonal	Le Crystal has a beautiful lobby and trendy 'decor' throughout but I found both the rooms and service lacking the substance you'd find up the street at Hotel de la Montagne or The Vogue. The suites felt cramped - which would be acceptable in Manhattan but a bit odd in Montreal. The lighting in the rooms was again reminiscent of somewhere else - the kind of lighting you get at a hotel in South Beach (which might work well in the Florida sun but not as much in a grey Montreal November.) I couldn't get the iPod dock to work. Not all the suites have separate soaker tub baths, as advertised on the website - I did get moved to a suite with a bath for the second night but I had to make my case a couple of times. The staff who finally moved me were nice but the overall staff experience was less positive than my experience with other hotels in the area. Overall I'd say it's a great place to stay if you're looking for a flashy, trendy, hotel and the lobby certainly impresses but if you want great rooms and more personal service you get more value from your money elsewhere.	
Nov 26 2008 	Magnificent	Wow, I cant say enough about this hotel. Very classy and elegant. The staff were super friendly, infact they even helped me with some extra caricular activities that most wouldnt. The layout of the rooms is very nice and sound proof to all others. Its located right accross the road from the Centre Bell which was the reason for our stay. It is still very central in terms of walking to main shopping area and tons of places to eat all around. It was also grey cup weekend and seen alot of players and management at the hotel who were all just as friendly. We asked for a late check out as our flight wasnt until evening and they had no problem doing that for us as well. This was the nicest room ive stayed in and definetly lives up to its 5 star rating. I would recomend this to anyone and everyone, our group of four was between 28-35 years old and everyone of us couldnt think of one negative thing about this hotel.	
Oct 27 2008	Wow	Great experience, great location, I had the superior room and let me tell you, it was fantastic, for sure I will stay there again	
Oct 19 2008 	A polished diamond!	From the moment we pulled up to the door, I knew we would not be disappointed by le Crystal. It is a beautiful, modern hotel - elegant yet comfortable and affordable. It is well located within Downtown Montreal: a five minute walk to the Metro, a ten minute walk to Old Montreal, and a two minute walk to fabulous restaurants and shopping. But what I think sets le Crystal apart from the other &quot;boutique&quot; hotels in Downtown Montreal is the staff. Every employee with which we interacted was friendly and always ready to be of help. The housekeeping staff kept the room immaculate, stopping by early in the evening to provide fresh towels if needed. Worthy of special mention is the head concierge, Luc. He made us feel like VIPs by planning our sightseeing, booking a reservation at a very popular/busy restaurant, and locating a special souvenir I had my heart set on. Luc really made our stay that much more enjoyable. My wife and I look forward to once again being guests of le Crystal.	
Oct 10 2008 	LOVE the Hotel	Hotel Le Crystal has to be the best hotel I have ever been - beautiful lobby and beautiful room! I emailed the hotel conceirge a few weeks in advance to let her know that the Montreal stay is to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and asked if we could have a room upgrade, she responded promptly and told me that everything will be taken cared of. When we arrived they already had the note in their computer, we were able to check in early and was sent to a room with a private balcony! They also surprised us with desserts + birthday wishes when we came back from dinner that night. Best of all, all the above were at no cost to us!Indoor pool &amp; outdoor hot tub on the 12th floor is a must go! It feels absolutely amazing in the warm water looking at Mont Royal while it's 5 degree out! Outdoor hot tub is open everyday regardless of weather condition according to the lifeguard - so it'll be perfect even in the winter! Room is spacious and equipped with a beautiful bathroom, mini kitchen (microwave, espresso machine etc) and 2 flat screen TVs with 60+ channels. Free WiFi so bring your laptop! I thought the hotel was the best part of Montreal and really enjoyed our time there.	
Sep 26 2008 	Elegant Hotel	Modern elegant flaired hotel in a great location. Staff were friendly and professional. We stayed in a &quot;superior&quot; room for 3 nights. It included a mini bar and seating area. Everything was nicely decorated and in prestine condition. The &quot;superior&quot; room we had did not have tub, just a large rain shower. Robes were very nice. There was full size iron and board too. The Valet was great. So nice to have help with luggage. Daily newspaper a real nice touch! In fact it was in English. Interesting that the staff knows whether to leave a French newspaper or English one.We agree with many of the positive comments left by other reviewers. The outdoor hottub and sundeck on the 12th floor we found to be a special treat, especially at night. The pool is lovely too. Reminded me a bit of the Mediterranean. The Spa looked really nice. We too could not find ice on the 4th floor as printed on the Elevator directory. Not having a DVD or movie on demand did not concern us as we found much to do in the city. But the weather was great and I could understand in poor weather one might like to have the option of a movie in the room.We did not dine on site except for breakfast. I found breakfast to be okay. Service was a bit slow. Menu at bit average. We did have room service one night. The menu was acceptable and service was as promised. Hot water at certain times of the day is not abundant. But I think that is average for hotels of this size. My only less than ideal concern was the size of our room. The desk was awfully close to the coffee table in front of the soaf. And the queen bed was in a tight room. But since it was not a suite, I guess it is reasonable compared to the nightly rate.Given that there are a few other nice hotels in Montreal, I would probably give one of them a try next time. Just to mix it up and experience new settings. Montreal is such a lovely city.	
Sep 24 2008	Great New Montreal Hotel	As of booking for a July 2008 stay, Le Crystal was the newest hotel in Montreal. To my knowledge, the Quebec government’s tourist bureau gives a 5 star rating to six to eight hotels/motels in Montreal. The Le Crystal correctly received a 5 star rating because the facility is outstanding, the rooms, as accurately shown on the hotel web site are palatial and luxuriously equipped while the staff aims to please and correct any problems. We want to specifically thank concierge Valerie for her assistance.Our deluxe suite had a living room, separate bedroom with safe and great dimmer controlled lighting (except in the bathroom), multiple closets that were as large as a room and an amazing bathroom of two sinks, double bathtub and a separate glass stall shower with multiple shower heads.The hotel’s outdoor hot tub on the 12th floor balcony provided a grand view and adjoins the pool and a small gym. There are new treadmills, cross training machines and other exercise equipment.We mention quibbles which should not take away from the general outstanding nature of the hotel. So please do not read these quibbles as major issues. For example and oddly, various suites and rooms have different facilities. One cannot discern the amenities at electronic booking. It appears to be hit or miss, as stated by hotel staff, whether a suite/room has an electric stove or not in the kitchenette, has a tub or not (double sized and deep to fit two), has a balcony or not, has multiple closets or not (all suites/rooms have ample closet space). Concierge Valerie helped visit rooms and pick an available another suite with both the tub and a kitchen with stove.The restaurant seemed to be training kitchen and wait staff as well as still underdevelopment. The food and wine lists are promising Live jazz at night would have been nice, especially during the week of the Montreal Jazz Festival.Le Crystal provided the highest quality and numerous soaps, lotions, towels, bedding, blankets etc. that some guests asked to purchase to take home during our stay. However and maybe because of confusion from the plethora of luxury, it was hit or miss if we got replacements for some finished bath salts, some soap etc.While all suites/rooms have one or two H.D. TVs, we could not get one of the few available DVD players. The DVD players were assigned to other guests. We were told to wait for a return that did not happen in the six nights we stayed. (Neither could we get simple wires to connect our lap top to the HD TVs.) Such seems silly when suites retail for $300 to $500+. Yet, better to have spent time sharing the amazing tub and out on the town than watching movies.Another review griped about the bathroom lighting. Yes, it would have been nicer to dim the bathroom lights for a romantic soak in the amazing bath. Such would be a slight quibble given the luxury of the overall suite.Le Crystal is close to the Montreal Art Museum that merits a visit. The location i near two Metro (subway) stops in a corporate center part of town. However, a brief walk or ride probably is required for most tourist stops. Yes, we hope to stay again at Le Crystal Hotel.	
Sep 8 2008 	Crystal is Nearly Flawless	Great building, awesome location, excellent service, the Crystal is hard to beat in Montreal. The location is very close to the party atmosphere of Crescent street and shopping/nightlife of St Catherine, but the property itself is a chic and sophisticated retreat when you've had too much of the local scene and want to relax. We especially liked the 12th floor pool/hot tub with a view of the city and Mount Royal. We will be back!	
Aug 28 2008 	not much to complain	We booked an Urban Suite in this hotel apartment for four nights. We were quite satisfied.The hotel is convenient located, one block away from the Crescent street. where there are many restaurants. We did not use the parking service of the hotel, as it was only available for valet parking, and it cost $24 per night. We parked our car at one of the Stationnement EM, which was only about 40 meters away, for $80 for four nights. We found it was easier for us in and out as we wish. The Urban suite we stayed was different from the one showed on the hotel's website; still, the room was clean and spacious. There were a lot of drawers and storage space, pillows, cushions and towels. Also, there are two flat screen tvs, one in the bed room, and one in the living room. In general we were happy with the service of the hotel, however there was some confusion with the bottled water provided on the counter. The first day I checked in, I asked the reception whether the water on the counter was complimentary. I had been told that the one on the counter is free and the ones in the mini bar are not, which I thought it was understandable and it should be. But, we got billed for a couple of times for consumption of the water on the counter. One bottle of water costs $7. After I made a complain, the hotel erased all the charge. Though I did not use the facility, but I had a quick visit of the swimming pool and the gym. It was on the 12th floor. The swimming is indoor with floor to ceiling windows, so it is quite bright, the hot tub is outdoor on the big balcony with a nice view of the skyscrapers and the Mont Royal. We enjoyed our stay at Le Crystal. We would like to stay here next time if we can get a good price again	
Aug 27 2008 	Fabulous Hotel! I recommend it.	This is a beautiful hotel in a great location in downtown Montreal right by the Bell Centre. The rooms are modern, clean, comfortable, spacious and nicely decorated. The service was great, and the restaurant was delicious. A great place for couples.	
Aug 24 2008 	Lovely New Hotel	We had a fabulous two night stay at Le Crystal. We received an upgrade upon check-in and the room was spacious and well appointed. The amenities were a big plus: Nespresso machine, Molton Brown bath products, soft robes, foam mattress, free Wi Fi, flat screen tvs in both the sitting room and bedroom, indoor pool, and free gym. The room and lobby were spotless and the staff were gracious and efficient. The location was ideal and in walking distance to old town, shopping, and the museums. We got a great rate by contacting the hotel directly and doubt that we'll be able to get such a good deal in the future as this new hotel catches on.	
Aug 17 2008 	A wonderful upscale hotel with an awesome staff and amenities	I found this hotel using tripadvisor.com and after staying there, all I can say is, what a wonderful find. It ranks up there with Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton properties you'll find in the US. By the way, there is a Rtiz in Montreal and it is horrible - it is not a &quot;real&quot; Ritz and not affiliated with the real brand, avoid it if you can. I originally planned on staying there until I found out about the Crystal. The Crystal hotel is located right in the heart of Montreal, within walking distance to tons of shopping, across the street from the Bell Centre and blocks from the famous restaurant/club district. Upon arrival we we warmly greeted by the professional and helpful staff. From the moment we arrived and throughout our 5 night stay, we were impressed by the decor, amenities and staff. The room had both high speed and wired complimentary internet, two flat screen TVs, large bathroom, high end coffee/expresso machine, microwave, refrigerator and separate bedroom and sitting area. The gym was nice and had great views of the Bell Centre - plenty of equipment and very up to date. They have an outdoor area with a hot tub - their pool is saltwater and located indoors, adjacent to the hot tub area, separated by a glass wall. All of the exercise areas are located near a full service Spa, which is actually independent of the hotel - my wife used the spa extensively and had a great experience. Our stay at the Crystal and Montreal was made even more special with the help of the hotel's awesome Concierge staff - Valery was awesome, she provided great dining, nightlife and shopping recommendations, even getting us on guest lists for hard to get into nightclubs (and reservations at the happening eateries). What I really appreciated is that she provided genuine feedback on where to go and where to avoid - unlike many other experiences with concierges, which I've found send you to standard tourist traps where they get free dinners and benefits (commission) for themselves, in return for referring business.To sum it up, this place is awesome and a great value as well - the rates on their website are very reasonable and you won't find a nicer place at a better price in Montreal. If you have a Platinum AMEX Card and use them to for the reservation, you might save 5%, but that's about it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Shiny and new with a few flaws	We found a great deal for Le Crystal on Hotwire.com and were very impressed by the design of the place. The location is great, convenient to two metro stations, within 20 min walk of the Old City, one block to the shopping on Ste. Catherine, and if you're in town for a concert or sports, a block from the Bell Centre. The top half of the building is luxury condos; the lower 12 floors are the hotel. Valet parking is available (a bit pricey, and there are numerous lots within a block of the hotel). Wireless internet is available at no extra charge in the rooms. All the rooms are suites. We had the smallest type, the Urban, which was enormous compared to many city hotel rooms. The bathroom was especially large, with double sinks, a soaking tub, and a large glass shower. The seating area had a convertible sofa; the kitchenette was more than adequate (microwave, sink, refrigerator); the bedroom area was spacious and had its own sliding door, and the bed was firm. There are two TVs (one in the bedroom, another in the seating area), and large windows that open to let in fresh air... although the view on the south-west side of the building is nothing special.There were a few disappointments about the place. The front desk staff, while friendly, made several significant mistakes during our 3-night stay. They lost a note that was supposed to be waiting for me upon my arrival. When I was unable to find ice on my floor, I phoned the concierge who said they'd send some ice up to my room. After waiting 20+ minutes, I took the ice bucket down to the front desk myself and asked for the ice. The room has an espresso maker with small coffee pods, but these were not replenished each day; I told the front desk in the afternoon of our second day that we were out of coffee, and was assured they'd put some in the room. But as you might have guessed already, we were still out of coffee in the morning so again I had to go to the front desk to ask for something. This lack of follow-through (if not negligence in the case of the lost letter) is simply not befitting a hotel of this caliber. We were also a bit surprised to learn, after the fact, that the hotel charges over $1 per local telephone call.Overall, Le Crystal is a very nice place and we would consider returning again, but only if I found a bargain rate. I would not be likely to book a room at their regular rates.	
Aug 7 2008	Will be the best in the Downtown Core	The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that they are still undergoing some growing pains.Elevator problems and the first night the AC seized.Nice brasserie and excellent 3 course meal for $25.00Book it in 3 months. Oct 2008	
Aug 5 2008 	Great	Stayed mid July for 3 nights 2 adults 2 teenagers.First of all, when booking I taked via email to the head of reservations.... he was fantastic, he even had a cake sent up for my wifes birthday..!! Everything we asked for was done and the whole hotel is new and very good. Staff are even better. One slight problem in the room, a member of staff was there in 4 minutes to fix it..!!.The pool and spa are just as good as the rest, the food is good as well.If you are looking for a hotel in Montreal stop looking and stay here.	
Jul 24 2008	Fabulous!	We travel every few months. We love 5 star hotels all over the world, and this hotel did not let us down! You are 2 blocks from shopping and a 15 minute walk from Od Montreal. The staff was pleasant and very helpful. We celebrated my parents anniversary there, and the staff did more than enough to make their stay overly pleasant. The rooms are big, the bathrooms are wonderful, the food was nice (breakfast only). We were in the gym every day and swam tons as well. The gym is small (to be expected), but the equipment is new and in great shape. We do not have one single complaint! We will definitely go back again.	
Jul 6 2008 	Brand New Luxury Hotel	What a great find... Brand new hotel with great location. Great dining and Old Montreal all with in a short walk. Hotel staff extrememly helpful and courteous. As I was concerned about the language barrier between French and English, all staff members spoke both (Actually most people in the city speak both). The subway system is also easy to navigate and safe.Room was pleasantly &quot;European&quot; in decor. Bathroom was extremely large and spotless. Large flat screen tv's and compimentary espresso machine are nice touches. Pool and outdoor deck on the 12 floor is a great place to view the skyline and watch the sun go down.We got a good deal from the company website, but imagine the cost will go up as soon as this place catches on with visitors to Montreal. Definitely would stay here again. No complaints...	
Jun 28 2008 	Loved Le Crystal	From the fresh contemporary decor, to the helpful and polite staff, to the fabulous bathrooms, this hotel was a constant delight.The hotel's location couldn't be better. It's close to downtown shopping and the Bell Centre; Place des Arts is a little farther, but still within comfortable walking distance.The rooms are tastefully appointed, spacious, and very clean. The bathrooms feel luxurious with a rain shower and telephone shower combination, lots of thick towels, and generous supplies of fantastic Molton Brown products.The housekeeping staff was amazing in every way. They were efficient, courteous, and polite. The concierge and front desk staff were friendly and more than happy to provide assistance. If you're looking for a hotel with a suited doorman, this isn't it; the service at this hotel is prompt, polite, and understated.	
Jun 26 2008 	Simply Awesome at the price	We spent 2 nights towards the end of May 08. I was expecting some kind of 'catch' given the price and pictures, but I was truly pleasantly suprised.The lobby is every but as oppulent as in the pictures, and the rooms excellently appointed with modern furnishings. A great bathroom with a double wash basin, lovely shower and a great deep bath. The little kitchenette was great, as we were travelling with my 1 year old daughter. Other good features, free internet access in the business centre and lovely views from the enclosed pool on the 3rd floor.Would definitely stay again	
Jun 5 2008 	Loved the bathroom	I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for comfort in a great location. The superior room is a good size and the bathroom in particular is well stocked with generous Molton Brown products and plenty of towels (always a good sign). We didn't try the restaurant and couldn't find the bar (if there is one) so can't comment on that. Staff were friendly enough.My only complaint was the drilling and hammering that started at 7 in the morning which was too early by anyones standards. We also could not find the do not disturb sign until the last day (it's a button by the door!)All in all, a lovely place to stay and the location is perfect.	
Jun 5 2008 	Good hotel for business travellers	I stayed here for 4 nights is May 2008. I had room number 810. As the other people have said it was a fabulous room. It was a little on the dark side and certainly felt very corporate rather than relaxing. Beds are very comfortbale but have one of those annoying wooden skirts bits which I kept hitting my shins on.The staff were very efficient and very friendly. I had a problem with my air conditioning and when they couldn't fix it straight away they moved my room with no fuss.The room prices were worth every penny but the hotel itself I felt was expensive - the resturant and cafe for example.The pool and spa were great but I didn't have time to use them.Room service was not vry good (i.e. limited choice) and wasn't 24 hours which was a pain.The hotel is all non-smoking.I wouldn't stay here again myself but hat's because I want hotel with a vibe and it didn't have one but for business travellers it would be perfect - as long as they didn't want 24 hour room service.	
Jun 3 2008 	NOT A HOSPITALITY QUALITY MORE SERVICED APARTMENT LIKE	The location is pretty good. Room is spacious with separate kitchen/living area. There was a construction at the time we stayed. It started pretty early around 7AM and the whole room was vibrating and noisey. The concierge is not experienced. If you are looking for a place to relax with great concierge service, this is not the right hotel. For corporate stay, this will be ideal.	
May 27 2008 	Flawless service but a little corporate	I'm giving this hotel an above average rating mainly for the enormous bathroom and the overall size of the suite, along with pristine cleanliness and extremely courteous, professional staff. Also, I dropped a hint that it was my husband's 50th birthday and they graciously sent up some chocolate-covered strawberries on the house, which was appreciated. We also liked the modern decor concept, although it did have a sterile, corporate quality. The pool area is beautiful. Didn't try the spa but it's a convenient asset. The only terrible thing about this hotel is the hideous lighting in the bathroom! We had a huge tub and separate shower, double sink, everything sleek and white... but the glaring, cold lighting made it feel like a hospital or laboratory. (On the other hand, they're generous with those fragrant Molton Brown toiletries). The bedroom lighting wasn't too cozy, either. You can't get movies on demand, strangely -- they offer only standard cable tv -- but you can request a dvd player and movies from their library. Fine hotel overall, with some quirks. Not a great choice for a real Monteal cultural experience, but probably perfect for business travelers.	
May 27 2008 	Definitely worth a visit	The Crystal is several months old as of this writing and although there has been some wear and tear (probably due to guests not being too careful), it offers good value for the money and was the cleanest hotel I've found in the city. We had a suite on the top floor which was quite comfortable -- it was probably about 700 square feet. It had a living room with wall mounted flat screen television, sofa, coffee table a couple of chairs, kitchenette with microwave, toaster and Liebherr refrigerator that was amply stocked with all of the necessities (from juice and water to hard liquor). With 1.5 baths, the master suite had a king sized bed, flat screen television, double bowl bath vanity with separate tub and shower. All in all, pretty comfortable. Not top of the line finishes (a lot of ceramic mixed with some crema marfil marble), although I was pleasantly surprised to see the Liebherr refrigerator and Franke undermount sink in the kitchen area . The shower had a rainshower head and separate hand held, so they're definitely trying to make you comfortable. The bed was firm (which I liked) and the room was quiet, so I was pleased. This is a good hotel for business travelers or those who like/need a bit of extra space (for kids). The standard rooms are really quite spacious too, so I'd recommend considering one of those. We opted for the suite only because we were offered a pretty good rate for it, otherwise I would have booked the standard room. I would definitely consider returning. The bar is nice and overall I think the hotel offers good value for the money. Perhaps they'll hike up the prices once they've gotten more established, but in the meantime, I'd give it a try.	
May 21 2008 	I Love Le Crystal too!!	I took my 3 children (ages 18, 18 and 9) for a weekend and it was fabulous! Although we looked scruffy from an afternoon spent tree-top trekking and zip-lining at Arbraska Rigaud (fantastic), the hotel staff was very professional and friendly. The bedrooms were a little small but gorgeous. I loved the grand, elegant bathroom. If you like fresh air, request a room with one of the walkout balconies (80 sq ft +). The view might not be good but drinking an espresso from your private machine on your private balcony is pretty good! The saltwater pool was rather cold but refreshing and the valet parking was reasonably priced (C$20, I think). My only complaint was the bed. It was VERY FIRM and I'm used to my Tempurpedic.	
May 17 2008 	Wow - What a hotel! We loved the Crystal	We were looking for a hotel to stay in Montreal for our Anniversary. After reading many, many reviews online about all of the luxury hotels in Montreal (W, Fairmont, Loews, etc), we decided that it would be very cool to stay in the newest luxury hotel in the city. From the pictures, we were attracted to the lobby and rooms, and were impressed that all 131 rooms are suites. We arrived early on a Friday morning into the city, and they let us check in before noon. As our room wasn't ready yet (superior), they upgraded us to a deluxe room. I'm not sure why you would want anything more than a deluxe room -- it was fantastic! Very large (600 or so sq feet), separate bedroom, very nice living room, and beautiful bathroom. As the hotel is brand-new, it felt like staying in a model studio apartment -- very, very nice!The pool and workout facility were both very nice, and a great view from the 12th floor. The restaurant in the hotel is great as well, and very good food.One of the best parts of the hotel, though, was the exceptional service we received. The concierge was great (Luc) and very helpful. He suggested dinner at Europea, which is just down the street, and winner of Chef of the year for 2007. It was one of the nicest dinners we have ever had!Overall, as you can tell, we loved our stay at the Crystal, and would stay again tomorrow if we could!	
May 2 2008 	Wow!!!	The hotel is amazing and beautiful. For a U.S. government business traveler using government per diem it is a great price and located within a short walk of many restaurants and entertainment. I received great service and the staff were more than polite. I would stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel without question. Check out their website for great photos of their rooms which are, surprisingly enough, very accurate.	
Apr 15 2008 	" I Love This Place !! "	I have been in a lot of great hotels, but this is one of themost amazing ! I Love the building design (wow !)The hotel is beautiful inside and out, the staff is excellent and very professional, and the location is very convenient, right downtown.I will definitely be back this summer...	
Mar 26 2008	Bad Management. No understanding of relationships	I had booked a room this morning to stay in this evening. I had an emergency situation and had to cancel the reservation only a few hours after making it... with plenty of time for hotel to rebook the room. While Expedia had no problem with the cancellation, the hotel manager emphatically refused to be sympathetic and allow a cancellation without charge. The room has been cancelled with no credit given. So, they intend to charge me and presumably resell the room, as well.The irony is that I was excited about staying there because I heard this place was nice and wanted to sample it with the intention of reserving up to 20 rooms for an upcoming conference. I planned to rebook this sample trip for next week! now, no way!When it comes to attitude, management always sets the tone and their cold attitude and lack of understanding leads me to believe this is probably emblematic of their staff. No where I want to bring my sales team! I stay in high-end hotels every week and will probably never stay here because of this.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent	Outstanding in everyway. I have stayed at many places in downtown Montreal and this one for me, is perfect. Every room is spacious and comfortable with all new modern ammenities and very clean. The service is outstanding and friendly. Their indoor pool just opened this weekend and is beautiful. Great location as well. Highly recommend it for anyone staying in the area.	
Mar 1 2008 	Wow what a beautiful place!	I am always nervous staying somewhere that hasn't been opened very long but took a chance since it was referred to by a good friend and the price was right.What a beautiful classy place! The decor was just great with high-end furniture and the service outstanding. It's location couldn't have been better. I was in for a Hockey game which was right across the street at the Bell Centre. All the Best restaurants are within a 2 block radius. Unfortunately the spa wasn't ready for opening so I didn't get to enjoy it. I will have to try it upon my return in May!	
Feb 22 2008 	New property in Montreal's business district	This condo/hotel should be completed by March 31, 2008. Spa/pool on 12 floor has wall of windows for natural light but view is of parking lots and roof tops. The deck will have 4-season access to a hot tub and view of Mount Royal. Very nice. There is an exercise room with cardio and weight machines. Floor 11 is a half floor owing to the pool on the floor above. That said, rooms on this floor offer guests a large balcony.Floors 4-10 Rooms: x04 are king sized suites with large sitting area, (pull out sofa, coffee table, two leather seats and 32&quot; plasma tv), small desk, glass table and 4 chairs. Wet bar, excellent espresso maker and mini bar. Bed room has sliding smoked glass doors with its own tv. Bathroom has separate tub/rain shower, double sinks and Molton Brown toiletries. The room and hotel utilize contemporary styling (stone, stainless steel fittings and white oversized subway tiles in bath) but is very warm and comfortable. Rooms x08 are corner rooms with a rounded sitting area providing dramatic light. Same amenities as above in this very attractive King sized beds, offering a hotplate built into the wet bar and dining table for six. Room x10 are the smallest and be joined together with Room x11 for a two room suite by closing an outer door to the hallway. Room x11 has the same amenities as x04 but have fire place with a flat screen tv mounted to the wall above, a hot plate and a small balcony facing southwest along Blvd. Rene Levesque.Rooms x01, X02, x17 and x18 can be joined together by closing a common door. Room x02 has a small balcony and a view west up Rue de la Montagne of Parc du Mont Royal. The balconies are convenient to smokers because all the rooms are non smoking. The concierge, Luc Lavoie, a member of Les Clefs d'Or, will arrange for catering from any restaurant in town if you wish to entertain in your suite or simply dine in alone. He'll also stock your room with milk and oj for the kids if you call before you arrive. He also has DVD players and a few video disks for kids. It is conveniently located to downtown the Bell Centre and Crescent Street and all its restaurants. La Queue de Cheval, offering premium, dry aged steaks is a block away.	
Nov 20 2009 	L' endroit !		
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent !!! Très bien situé luxueux très belle vue !		
Nov 11 2009 	Très bien placé très bon standing		
Oct 15 2009 	????????????????????		
Sep 1 2009 	Bon hôtel mais pas exceptionnel		
Aug 30 2009 	Super !!!		
Aug 26 2009 	Service Nul		
Feb 13 2009 	Hotel magnifique 		
Apr 14 2008 	Très bon hôtel mais encore des petits détails à régler		
