Oct 27 2009 	Great value--perfect location--clean--free parking--what more can you ask for?	I highly recommend this hotel. I was a little skeptical after reading some of the other reviews, but the hotel was a great surprise. The room was a pretty good size, clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, especially Roger, the manager. No problem at all with the parking lot-it opens right to the street-disregard any concerns about safety . Free cont. breakfast delivered right on time to your room. Easy walk to old Montreal and the restaurants and pubs on St. Katherine and St. Denis streets. Great BYO restaurants on Prince Arthur St and Duluth St. Quick walk to the metro and the shops on St. Catherine St. Try the farmers market in Little Italy (by metro). If you are not a 4 star hotel type, you'll be perfectly happy.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very Nice	Had a very nice stay there staff very nice and helpful and i would recommend it to my friends to stay there.	
Sep 14 2009 	A nasty place	It's a dirty, rundown hotel similar to what you can find in any seedy rundown section of downtown of any major US city. It's nowhere near to justify the $100+/night rate they charge to stay there.This hotel have dirty, smelly rooms with unclean bathroom and bedding sheets. There is an extremely dark, narrow, and dangerous passage way to the parking area in the back which is used by homeless and drug addicts. The passage way is very dark at night and you would need to maneuver just inches away from walls and other cars to park there. If you are driving an SUV it will NOT clear it. The parking area is littered with used syringes and there were a couple of addicts shooting drugs while I was parking there.There is no soap and shampoo in the bathroom, fortunately I had these with me. There is no closet to put clothes in. There is a very old and noisy air conditioner which ruins a sleep during the night. Sound insulation is very poor, there were strange people shouting and laughing in the middle of the night in the hallway.And as they say the list goes on and on...I would never recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Sep 5 2009 	Best budget choice in Montreal; croissants delivered to your door each morning	There are few hotels that are the bargain that the Hotel Le St. Andre is. Rooms are spotless. Very quiet. Crossants and baguettes delivered to your door each morning. Just steps to the Berri Uqam metro stop. 2 coffee shops within blocks plus a great magazine store. On the downside, the rooms are a bit spartan and their is no clock radio. Friendly staff. I've been staying here for your. Two gyms (Nautilus Plus and Energie Cardio) within 2 blocks. If you are on a budget or don't like over-paying for hotels, this is your spot. ( If you are expecting a Westin or W, this is not a good pick.)	
Jul 30 2009 	This genuine good deal has an excellent location.	Just off Place Dupuis, you are next to a restaurant area, 2 blocks from the major Metro station, Berri-UQAM, and 3 blocks from the central bus station (connecting to Quebec and the airport). We walked to Vieux Montreal in 20 minutes. Since our last stay in 2005, the place has been spruced up. Comfortable, decent-size rooms with telephone, TV, refrigerator, and wireless internet connections. Helpful staff. Adequate lobby. A lift/elevator is available from the lobby level to the two floors of rooms (but you have stairs from the street up to the lobby). An unusual feature, staff brings a satisfactory continental breakfast to your room (we love the chocolate croissants).	
Jul 18 2009 	So bad we turned around and left to go elsewhere at 10pm!	I don't know where to start with this one. We are still upset by it! The hotel carpark was so tight that I hit my car (a rental) off a pillar which was not a good start to the experience. The hotel staff upon check-in was friendly to be fair but it was all downhill from there. Maybe we should have guessed with the status of the other reviews on this site but the hotel looked ok on paper and some of the reviews were not too bad so we booked the hotel initially on that basis.The requested room was not available so instead of a double room as requested we got two adjoining rooms, not the end of the world but not a good way to start. When we tried to get a double room we were told the hotel was full and there was no other option. These things happen ... all hotels can be full.When we went to the room(s) we recoiled ... There was a bad smell coming from each of the rooms and we are still not sure what each of the smells were, and really do not want to know. The carpets were stained. There were insects in the bathrooms. There was mold on the bathroom ceiling, as well as rust on the rail holding up the none too clean looking shower curtain. As per other reviewers the place was not clean!!We used the (admittedly free and good quality internet) to get another room in another hotel and we promptly left!	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice location friendly staff and good price.	I stayed this hotel one night when my second trip of montreal. there is no shampoo and soap in the bathroom, but shower room was pretty large.staff were friendly and helpfull. reception guy gave me a big map and told me hot spots which he recommends.breakfast was only cafe and two croissants, but it was taste so good. i wanted to ask them where did they get the croissant,,, loli totally satisfide with this this hotel.	
Jun 5 2009 	A place to sleep	Nothing fancy. The light breakfast was adequate for my needs, and the at-your-door delivery a real convenience. One of the maids gave a free three-day Metro pass one morning. Comfortable bed, clean enough to pass my own inspection each day. The quality lies between that of the Hotel Lord Berri and the cheap places near the Berri/UQAM terminal. The price is fair in light of that, and you can't beat the location -- between the BerriQUAM and Baudry Metros. If you are gay, this is right in the middle of the bars, clubs and shops for that clientele. If you are not, like me, the neighborhood is still an interesting place to look around. -- Only one small problem: my credit card payment was not registered (or at least findable) at the desk when I checked out. No real problem, though, and the clerk took my word for the payment. Just a brief delay, handled pleasantly.	
Jun 2 2009 	Never coming back....	Bad...how bad? Bad! 1. Room is more of a hostile 2. No closet, just 3 little hangers on the wall3. Beds are disgusting (won't pass inspection)4. Bathroom has no shampoo, cream or place to hang a towel5. Hotel runs out of towels6. Breakfast is not a breakfast...it's a joke. There is no bar or restaurant, so they make you order at front desk (3 choices, bun...croissant...or croissant..lol, 1 small coffee and a boxed juice)7. Hotel charges more then some other, better hotels and has lots of false advertising.Stay at your own risk...but it doesn't worth $93/night.	
May 27 2009 	Would Never Stay There Again	When we got to the hotel the reservation was not booked in their computer system, which meant they never reserved a room for me...meanwhile I had my e-mail confirming my reservation. The front desk then had me go threw all their paper work to see if I could find the reservation (hello that was not up to me to do). Then we were told they had one room available and that they would give it to us. The room was okay - fairly clean, but there was only one pillow per person, the towel where the size of hand towels, there was no shampoo or soap in the bathroom, and no alarm clock or clock in the room. The window had no screen to it so we couldn't leave it open during the night or when we weren't there. Also all the homeless people must hang around the area, I've never seen so many homeless people in my life. So for what we paid for it wasn't worth it.	
Apr 14 2009 	A boutique hotel with few pretences	If you're looking for overall good value, do not have exalted expectations and just need a decent place to park yourself at night, the St. Andre is a generally sound choice.Although I'd not stayed there for several years, over the long haul -- more than 25 years -- I must have lodged at the St. Andre at least a 20 times or more. I've seen it go through various changes, such as the redesign of the lobby, but it has always retained its character as a modest, friendly boutique hotel with a touch -- just a touch -- of European charm; (which may explain why it tends to be favored by foreign budget travelers.)The hotel has never undergone a complete renovation. It always seems to have been piecemeal and there's always something that's likely to bother fastidious travelers. Housekeeping standards have varied over the years too. It always pays to ask if a room is renovated or not and, if you don't like stairs, which floor it's on. (The elevator is way at the east end of the building.)For my most recent stay I had No 21. It was clean (which has not been the case with all my previous visits), simply furnished, well lit, and, although on the small side by the standards of North American chain hotels, had plenty of hanging and drawer space. The queen bed was firm enough although the bedding, like the towels, is low-end stuff.The CRT television delivered a good picture (cable) and it was possible to set it as an alarm (there's no bedside clock radio). Rooms on this (north) side look into a grim alleyway which at night is brightly lit. Because there are cheap venetian blinds rather than drapes, the room can never be blacked out. A small writing desk was needlessly cluttered with a vase of cheap artificial flowers. There were two small armchairs and, a useful touch, a small bar fridge. An air conditioner beneath the window is concealed behind slide panels when not in use.The renovated bathroom was fine. It is among those where the old bathtub has been replaced by a large, tiled shower -- so large in fact that it tends to cramp the rest of bathroom, especially the crapper! There is no hairdryer, only basic soap and those rather low-end towels I mentioned. (Irons and ironing boards can be requested.)As others have mentioned, sound proofing is not good. The halls and floors creak as is common in older European hotels. But then experienced budget travelers know to carry ear-plugs (and a blindfold can be useful too).Depending on how you plan to spend your time, the location is good; very close to the Metro (Berri-UQAM) and bus station. By foot you can be almost anywhere you're likely to want to visit in the downtown area within 30 minutes. There are plenty of restaurants along St. Catherine St (immediately north of the hotel). If you turn right at the intersection you'll be heading into the gay &quot;village.&quot; Turn left and you'll be headed towards the seedy red-light neighborhood around St. Laurent but soon pass into a more salubrious section of this long thoroughfare. Turn north off St. Catherine at St. Denis and you'll find a lively street scene with lots of cafes and small eateries. The hotel lobby is well stocked with tourist maps and informational brochures to guide you on your way.And, of course, there is something rather charming about the hotel's long-standing tradition (except when it briefly experimented with a breakfast room) of delivering a continental breakfast to your room. If you want heartier breakfast fare you don't have to walk far to get it. And if you fancy a tipple in your room, there's a liquor store only steps away, heading west on St. Catherine.Internet savvy travelers should have no problem finding a room here at a decent rate although in high season prices rise and the hotel can often be fully booked during one of the city's many festivals, especially during the jazz festival and Gay Pride weekend (yes; the St. Andre appears to be very gay friendly judging by the provision of a number of free gay publications it makes available) so it helps to plan ahead. In the off-season, you can probably get a room in the CND$70-$80 range/44-50 Euro (pretax). The St. Andre apparently has a high return rate among those who appreciate its unpretentious charm and who prefer to save their money for things other than a lavish hotel room. It will always have its detractors -- yes, there are things it could improve, at a price -- but clearly has also won itself a loyal clientele.	
Feb 6 2009 	Filty dirty	I have stayed a few times in the past at this hoted, it was ok and clean. You can't expect much for the money you pay. But my last stay was just horrible, the room was extremely dirty, stains on the bathroom walls, etc. The place must of changed hands. Would not recommend it to anyone. Even if you just need a place to crash DON'T.	
Dec 28 2008 	Recommended as a 2-star hotel	I booked this on bonjourquebec.com. I thought I was getting a deal considering it was $52 marked down from $90 regular. But after staying here, I feel that the discounted price is what the regular price should be. So if you're going to book this hotel, find a discounted room on bonjourquebec. I usually stay in 3 or 4 star hotels, but I suppose for a 2-star, this is absolutely suitable. There was not much to be desired in terms of the appearance of the hotel and my room. But the room was fairly clean and included the essentials. The bathroom actually looked nicer than the room. There isn't much parking and it's hard to get in and out of it with the tight laneway, but there is a cheap parking lot right across the street.What I really appreciated about St-Andre is the staff. I met three of them and they are wonderful! I found them to be very friendly, polite, and helpful. Having my breakfast delivered right to my door in the morning was quite a surprise!	
Aug 31 2008 	Totally worth staying at	This hotel was absolutely fantastic. The Hôtel Le St-André is located in the Latin Quarter of Montreal. Yes, the area was a little seedy, but the hotel is located right in the middle of the city! There is a lively scene going on- students, gay, posh, etc. You don't need a car as most things worth visiting are either withing walking distance or a quick metro ride away. The nearest metro stop is about two blocks away--if that.The service was wonderful. The front desk people were all very friendly, helpful and speak both english and french. Breakfast is delivered to your door- but you have to make sure to request a delivery time at the front desk. There is a *tiny* parking lot in the back and it is free. Yes, it does appear a little shady, but there is a video camera in the back and the person who checked us in was watching it religiously. He knew that we had parked back there before we mentioned it!Why not 5 stars? Well, the hotel is a little shabby and is by no means luxury. However, the room was spotlessly clean (and I am piiicky) and the beds were comfy. I was lucky enough to get a huge room, but I did notice that most of the rooms are teeny tiny. I would totally stay here again.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great place	The hotel was great – once we got there, the person at the desk was very helpful in answering our questions. There is a small, free, parking lot available for guests – it fits about 12 cars, however if you are not lucky enough to get a spot – there is a parking garage right across the street. The room was not large, but comfortable enough for 2 people. The hotel is located just a 5 minute walk to the subway, and 30-40 min walk to downtown (old town) – depending on how fast you walk. The neighborhood is not fancy, but is safe. The staff was very helpful in suggesting good places to have dinner. Rooms were cleaned daily and every morning you get breakfast delivered to your room –a perk that is included in the room price.	
May 27 2008 	Needs Work!	The hotel was convieniently located to the attractions we were interested in but the hotel seemed to be in a state of run down. We did not feel secure finding people (homeless) sleeping in the hotel doorway and late at night the front desk was unattended and doors open to allow anyone to come and go with no problem. Our room was sufficient but needed some TLC (ie: bathroom door handle falling off and toilet seat was broken. We would not stay there again.	
May 26 2008	A great bargain	After reading all the mixed reviews on this site, I was nervous about staying here. But my fears were unfounded. This place turned out to be a great bargain. The location is excellent--walking distance to one of the main subway stations. The staff was courteous and helpful. Our room was clean, bed was comfortable. And breakfast was decent and always served on time.	
Feb 3 2008 	Had to get out of there	We had a terrible experience at this hotel. The rooms were very dis-tasteful and dirty. I was woken up several times during the night by other guests going up and down the noisy staircase. I would not recommend staying here to anybody. We were planning to stay there for 4 nights, but my partner and I could only handle one night! beware!	
Oct 22 2007 	Well Worth the (little) Money	Right off Saint Catherine Est, colourful neighbour of Montreal, full of crazyness until late in the morning. Comfortable rooms, exactly worth the few dollars spent. Breakfast in bed is a nice touch. Wonderful service, location, location location ! Perfect for the budget travellers who want to try a hotel over a hostel, a bit more money but not that much more. Glorious weekend, give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 30 2007 	here's the deal	Staff was super nice. But ... the hotel is in a not so hot location in a rough part of town. The elevator took us part of the way to our floor, but you had to walk up stairs to get the room. The is no bell service so you're carrying your own bags. Breakfast is included, but served in your own room as there is no real lobby or dining area. Not in walking distance of area attractions. Super limited parking; 4 or 5 spaces for a 50 or so room hotel. Recently remodeled, but still terribly sub-par. We actually found worn underwear in our room! If you are looking for minimal accomodations with a youth hostel-esque feel, this is your spot. If you have any expectations of comfort or maybe a hint of quaintness or luxury, forget this spend a few more bucks.	
Aug 6 2007 	Safe clean and convenient all for the right price.	Hotel St. Andre is perfectly located with fast and easy access to the Latin quarters and gay village. Everything is in walking distance. Parking is free.Room is clean and with reasonable rates.Roger, who greeted us at the front desk was friendly and helpful.I especially loved the hardwood floors. Room included cable T.V. and a great air conditioning unit.Breakfast of fresh bread, croissants and coffee brought to your room every morning.Only issue that I had was the towels. I would bring my own next time. I will definitely be back! It’s not the Ritz but it’s safe, affordable and convenient.I enjoyed both Hotel St. Andre and Montréal!	
Jul 25 2007 	great hotel very convenient!	This is a very nice hotel, and not nearly as bad as some of the reviews on here seem to imply. I stayed here for four nights with a group of 5 other people to spend some time in Montreal and see McGill University as prospective students. It was very clean, and our room on the 3rd floor was newly renovated. The room itself was pretty spacious, the air conditioner worked well, and the staff was extremely reasonable and able to provide us with an extra mattress as we were a party of 5 and there were only enough beds for 4 people. My only complaint about the staff is that they didn't seem to know much about Montreal itself in terms of tourism, but otherwise they were very friendly and accommodating. As long as you bring your own map or guidebook, it is no problem at all. The free breakfast in the morning was really good as well - hot croissants, baguettes, orange juice, and tea or coffee brought straight to our room.It is also in a great location - a few blocks away from St. Denis at the beginning of the Gay Village. The neighborhood was not seedy at all, and it was very quiet because the hotel is down a small side street about a block from St. Catherine. I would not call it a &quot;Red light district&quot; at all: I think that further down St. Catherine this definition is plausible, but not near this hotel. Obviously there were a lot of night clubs around the major streets but there was never anything to worry about: we walked around at 2 AM and never felt in danger. It was also walking distance from a ton of interesting places such as Old Montreal, the Old Port, Rue St. Rue St. Laurent, St. Catherine, Chinatown, &amp; etc. For further places the Berri-UQUAM metro was very close and accessible at almost any hour. During the summer there was tons close by - the Jazz Festival, fireworks on Canada Day, as well as a HUGE variety of night clubs, festivals, and restaurants.I normally stay in 4-5 star hotels and think that this one is just as good as the rest. It is definitely worth it for the price and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a great time in Montreal!	
May 23 2007 	I must have had the non-refurb room	So I was wondering about this hotel when I booked it but I read these reviews and that put my mind at ease, and I could not have been more disappointed when I arrived... I must have gotten the only non-renovated room.As I was walking down the hall to my room - I noticed several spots on the carpet - and I dismissed it, as spilled cleaning products or something. However I entered my room, and was sad to see multiple stains on the carpet in the room. The bedspread was ancient and seemingly full of dust, as were the curtains. The paint was peeling from around the window, (which looked out onto a parking lot)I asked the front desk if I could switch rooms and they had none available.I would not recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family.	
Mar 25 2007 	great place	For the price, no reason to complain, Excellent staff, pleasant and very helpful. Good continental breakfast	
Mar 9 2007	Not bad.	I stayed in this hotel and didn't have any major problems. It did however stink of smoke, but then what in Montreal doesn't? As for location, unless your an arsitrocrat or homophobe, there is nothing wrong with it. All amenities are very close by. The hotel was clean but cramped and the staff were very friendly. There are better hotels for around the same price just across the river. I won't stay here again, but if you're on a tight budget or just need a place to sleep, this place will do.	
Feb 18 2007 	Good value and location	My fiancee and I stayed here for three nights in Nov 2006. A simpel but good and warm continental breakfast of bread, pastry, juice, and coffee/tea was served in the room at your requested time each morning.The hotel's decor is a bit dark and outdated, and the room was pretty small, but it was very clean and had a tv and fridge. Bed was comfy and overnight noise was minimal from either within the hotel or outside. There was construction going on in the hotel basement during the day however. The front desk staff were very friendly and particularly helpful, and there is free (but very limited) parking available in a lot right next door.The neighborhood doesn't make the best first impression, but after a short while anyone who's ever spent time in a city will feel more at home. But when it comes down to it, you are really well located within Montreal. The main intersecting subway line is only a two minute walk, and the cafes of St. Denis aren't much further. Even the Old City and Chinatown are within walking distance, or a short subway or cab ride. It's easy to find by car.If you're going to spend a lot of time in your hotel, pay more for a nicer place, but if you'll be out and about enjoying the city this is a good place to base yourself.	
Feb 8 2007	Great Little Hotel	This is a great little hotel with freindly and helpful staff. The rooms (recently redecorated) anare done very well. Good job all the way around, including the bathrooms which are often difficult in remodelling older hotels.The location is down a side street but very convenient to restaurents and entertainment. Fast access to the cross Montreal underground highway. AND they supply the parking. I had a small refrig (wine racks of course!) in the room.The breakfast is a continentall with a quite suffient, brought to your room -- it was right on time for me!Free wireless.A great small hotel well deserving of it's 3 star status and terrific value - having stayed in several Montreal 2 and 3 stars, I certainly recommend this one.Booked through Montreal tourist bureau -- always great service from them	
Dec 14 2006	Great place in the Village 	I've stayed at this place at least 10 times... its good value for your buck. They've recently renovated, so the place looks great.Rooms: Clean, renovated...can be a little chilley, but Montreal can get pretty flippin cold. Bathrooms are bit small, but the water is hot. Matresses...well used...some like it soft :)Staff: friendly &amp; nice.... i can usually barter my room price down with the owner.Location: Awesome...near the metro...10 min walk from old mtl, and right in the Village.Complimentary breakfast: They bring it to your door in a tray &amp; drop it off in the hall. The coffee is errr, ok...and the croissants can be stale...but its great if you got the munchies after a nite of partying :) Lots of cafe's &amp; restaurants in the area.Good value for your buck...good location...its a nice 20 min walk to the Plateau or the shopping drag on St.Cathrine's....I've stayed in lots of other places in Mtl...and I always come back to this place...	
Nov 27 2006 	Good place for your money!!	This is a great hotel for your money. How many places do you know that will deliver breakfast to your room for under $100 a night? It is walking distance to all amenities. Roger at the front desk was great. He provided anwsers to all our questions and gave good suggestions on where to go in the city. The only problem that I had with the room was that there was no hot water one morning and there was no clock whatsoever in the room. I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to save some money.	
Oct 19 2006 	A bit shady..	The lobby is nice, then we were given a room on the first floor. It was old and musty. Right when we entered, we started sneezing. It was unbearable. Then we got our room changed to one upstairs on the 2nd floor. This was actually a nice room and looked like it had some renovations done to it. All in all, it was clean and provided us a place to sleep. Oh yeah, its right in the middle of the gay town.	
Aug 27 2006 	Don't believe the bad reviews	We stayed here from august 18-22, 2006. The room we had was recently remodeled and very very spotlessly clean. I was a bit nervous when reading the bad reviews on this site but my fears were unfounded when we checked in and got into the room. WE stayed on the 2nd floor. It was simply decorated and very clean. The bathroom was also very clean. The hotel staff was super friendly. Ya,it was right around the corner from the gay neighborhood so if any of you guys want to stay there it's down the street from all the bars and clubs. There were lots of gay guys,straight families with children and single people staying there. Older,younger,you name it and they were there. It catered to everyone. A continental breakfast was included each morning consisting of frenc bread,a chocolate or plain crossaint,orange juice, and tea or coffee. The closest metro stop is about a 3 minute walk and 3 lines run into that station so it's very convenient. The only thing I didn't like is that the tv had no remote but by the time we got back to the room at night we would be asleep a few minutes after turning it on. I will include some room pics too. Any question please email me.	
Jul 12 2006	I am glad that I didn't stay here.	I booked this hotel before I know anything about Montreal. As I was reading the guidebook and reviews from here, I realized that this hotel is right in the middle of the gay village. I decided to change the hotel to downtown area. We had a chance to explore the village neighborhood when we visited Montreal and passed by this hotel. To be fair, I have never step in this hotel. it would not be fair for me to judge if this hotel provide great services or not. But just walking around the neighborhood, I am glad that I switch to another hotel in downtown.It's not a pretty neighborhood, a bit ghetto-ish. I just feel that with the price and so many options in Montreal, There are definitely better hotels in the better areas to choose from.	
Dec 2 2005	Just be warned!	I wish I would have believed the negative reviews posted on this website. It wasn't the worst hotel ever... you just need to be aware of its shortcomings. I will start off with the positive aspects. The hotel is in a great area (if you wanted to stay in the gay area). The hotel staff was very friendly and professional. They were also helpful when we had questions about the area and how to get to attractions in Montreal. The lobby was a little dated, but nice. The breakfast in the morning was nice. You have a choice of a regular crossaint or a chocolate crossaint; coffee, tea or hot chocolate; orange juice; and a baguette with assorted jellies and peanut butter. Just let them know what time you want it served at. Now for the bad aspects of the hotel. When we arrived, they told us to take the elevator to the second floor and then take a &quot;quick ten steps&quot; up to the third floor... so the elevator does not go up all the way. The hallway on the first floor seemed okay... so we were not worried. When we got to the third floor the hallway was a havest gold mustard yellowish neon color. Very ugly. The rooms are the same color. It seemed that the entire third floor is a renovated attic (why would the elevator not reach that floor?). The room itself was small (but we expected that). It was fairly clean. The bathroom was clean and nice. Listen up people: this was the MOST uncomfortable bed we have EVER slept on (or tried to sleep on). It was rock hard and the matress squeeked everytime you moved (as to wake up your partner). It was awful. We stayed four nights there and thought about sleeping on the floor instead. The ceiling in the room is one of those tile type ceilings (think school classroom). It wouldn't have been so bad if our neighbor did not smoke like a fiend (even though they were all non-smoking rooms)! The smoke poured into our room every day until they left. It was awful. While we were in Montreal, the weather was quite cold... which we love. The air conditioner didn't look like it even worked... or worked well. When we left we overheard the manager or owner talking about renovations planned for the lobby. I certainly hope they also plan on renovating that third floor. Also... the pictures on the website are of rooms on the first and second floor. The chairs pictured must have come from the lobby. No such chairs were seen in the rooms. Forget about the flower arrangement. Again, it wasn't the worst hotel ever... just be warned that you get what you pay for.	
Oct 4 2005	Best for the Money	On a recent trip to Montreal, Canada we stayed at the Hotel St. Andre. We found the price well worth it for the location, amenities(Where else for the price can you get breakfest brought to your room?), friendly and helpful staff, and clean and secure location. We will certainly recommend the St. Andre to our friends and we will stay there when we return to Montreal.	
Sep 26 2005	Great place for the money!!!!	I stayed in the place in September 05 and was very happy with overall.For the money you cannot go wrong. If you want to stay in the gay village, (and I did) it is close to it and yet walking distance to Old Montreal. I did get the free parking and the breakfast was OK. Think about how many other hotels do not include breakfast..... It was nice having the breakfast delivered to your room. One tip regarding breakfast, you have to request your next day's time of delivery each day. I did not know this and was waiting for my breakfast to be delivered and I had to call the front desk only to be informed that you must request the time of delivery each day.The place is very clean and updated. I would rank it a solid 3 star. I had never stayed in anything less than a 3 star and normally stay in 4 or 5 star, but considering what I paid and the location, I was very satisfied and would stay again.Oh, I did not see any strange people in the area.If you do not want to see gays, then don't go to Montreal. :-)	
Sep 16 2005	A hotel never to be forgotten....	Where should I start....We checked in and out in 1 day. In the course of 1 day the following things happened:The elevator only goes up 2 flights, you have to walk up to the third floorThere was no remote for the TV, we did receive a taped up one after 1 hourThe little refrigerator in the room never really got coldThe hotel is located down an alley in the gay red light districtThe area is in the heart of the gay districtThere are many bums and people panhandling and sleeping in the street about 1 block from the hotelThere is no sense of security, the doors have small slam locks, the keys are not computerized, they are on large tabs like you are in a bath houseThe bathroom have large waterbugsThe evening front desk person was no help in assisting usThe breakfast is bread, tea and juiceThis is not a place to stay with a wife or children.The rooms on the third floor seem to be converted from an attic.I never caught on after the taxi driver told me hope I have good luck. Do not stay at this hotel........ I repeat do not stay there	
Aug 23 2005	Pretty good for the price 	We were able to book a room on relatively short notice at the Hotel le Saint Andre for our first visit to Montreal. All-in-all, we were very pleased. The location is very convenient, just off St Catherine at the west end of the Village. We were on the top floor, which does not have elevator access (odd, but not a big deal for us, since we were traveling somewhat light). The room was quite basic (not a renovated room), but it was also comfortable for the price. The staff were very friendly and helpful, from the booking stage right up to checkout. The breakfast delivered to the room (warm croissants, two cups worth of coffee person, and orange juice) was very nice! Other item of note: parking... while free off-street parking is offered, it is rather limited (about 15 spaces for the entire hotel), so beware if you are driving to Montreal as we did. We were able to get a space, but it was tricky and took navigating carefully in the tight parking lot. We definitely plan to stay here again on our next visit to Montreal!	
Aug 16 2005	Do not stay here!	We have just returned from a fantastic trip to Canada which was partially ruined by our final hotel - the St Andre in Montreal. We booked months ago but were disappointed to find an extremely basic and outdated room for the cost of a decent hotel (premier lodge) in London. The walls were a nauseating yellow, the airconditioner limited and noisy, the breakfast (which is so acclaimed on this website) may be wonderful if you have been travelling in Asia but was nothing special unless you love lots of repetitive white bread products and lukewarm tea! On our first day we requested a room change as we suspected that we had simply got a poor standard room but all of the nicer updated rooms were smoking (not an option if you don't smoke unless you don't mind the smell. We also had a problem with security, a brand new dress that I had bought, disappeared - we reported it to the reception, not expecting any compensation, but thought they ought to know in case it had happened before or something and were met with unbelievable rudeness. We were practically accused of lying. Just to put this into context, we are a very polite and well travelled couple who have stayed in budget (and not so budget) accomodation all over the world, and have never experienced such a poor standard of service for a disproportionate amount of money. Also I never write these things but am so incensed by our stay that I felt I had to warn others. Stay here at your peril!	
Aug 3 2005	elevators	The only problem we encouture was the elevator did not go to the 3rd floor. If we would have been inform of this,we would have book the 1st or2nd floor,which we will do next time. We are planning ti go back next year &amp;stay at the same hotel saint-andre. I just think when people book there reservations through the internet or the hotel itself,this info should be shared with the customer.	
Jul 3 2005	Not for Internet users	This hotel is fine for those who wan to be in the heart of the gay scene in Montreal. The rooms are very simple and the staff is very helpful. The beds are fine, as long as you don't move since they make alot of noice!For those who need Internet access for their laptop, then they might want to check other options. They charge for each connection, min 60min. Connection is bad in some rooms. Be prepared to enter the long username and password every 10 minutes and need to reconnect to websites.	
May 24 2005	Great Budget Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the St Andre for 3 nights in May 2005, and were extremely pleased with the hotel. It is a budget hotel, with the limited services that implies, but for the price it was a great deal. The staff were all pleasant, friendly and helpful. The room was small, and the view wasn't great, but it was clean and well-maintained. The window opens, allowing fresh air. The water pressure in the shower was less than I would've liked, but not a problem. The hotel provides a complimentary continental breakfast every morning, which is brought to the room - the coffee was good, and the warm croissants were delicious.The hotel has an excellent location, just half a block south of St. Catherine's St, the main commercial strip through downtown Montreal. It is within walking distance from Old Montreal and the Old Port, St. Denis St, and the shopping district, and it is right inside the Village. The area is somewhat 'gritty' (plenty of panhandlers, and one morning we watched one fellow relieve himself in the alley beside the hotel), but appears to be a pretty safe one at the same time. We really enjoyed the hotel. We love Montreal, and would definitely consider staying at the St. Andre on a return visit.	
Apr 28 2005	You want to do business here !!! Stay here!!!	I stayed in St. Andres wonderful Hotel April 14-17. I was compelled to write them a thank you letter. I want to the manager ( Roger) and his staff for all of your hospitality and professionalism you showed me and my friends during our three day stay in your hotel. I know it was no easy task in accommodating a party of 15 people but your staff did an amazing job. I surprised and the lavish rooms and delicious breakfast delivered every morning at a most economical price. I will recommend your hotel to all of my friends and family and look forward to visiting you in the future.	
Apr 19 2005 	Very friendly atmosphere - a place to relax	I stayed in this hotel when I visited a conference in Montreal and I felt very happy there. The atmosphere was very friendly, the breakfast was served in the room and just opposite the hotel was a nice restaurant. This suited me the first days, being exhausted after the flight and the start of the conference. It was also close to the metro, with an excellent book shop. Most of the shopping in Montreal is underground.I'd love to go back to Montreal and I would be happy to stay in this hotel again!	
Mar 27 2005	A great place to stay	The hotel is in a great location. It is on a small, quite street. It is only a five minute walk to the main metro station. In addtion, there are many restaurants and shops near by. It is an older hotel that is well taken care of. The staff is pleasant and very helpful. I was there in March -- 2005.	
Mar 9 2005	Friendly staff and incredible rooms maketh the hotel		
Jan 18 2005	Convenient location but not sure I'd do it again.		
Oct 19 2004	Warm and charming....		
Sep 29 2004	Nice Hotel for the Frugal Traveller		
Sep 25 2004	Good Value Some Issues		
Sep 22 2004	Good value but has some issues		
Jul 3 2004	So convenient locationwise/reasonable		
May 8 2004	convenient and good price		
Feb 4 2004	great location reasonable price		
Aug 24 2003	Well-Run Hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	super		
Sep 4 2009 	Petit hôtel d'entrée de gamme basique		
Apr 19 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Mar 11 2008	hotel saint andré à montréal : pratique		
Sep 1 2007	il y a beaucoup mieux		
Feb 20 2007 	Un hotel trés sympa et pratique		
Oct 14 2006 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Aug 28 2006 	Good Value for Money!!! - Knapp 10000 Dollar für ein sehr gutes Hotel!		
May 21 2006	chambre horrible !!!		
