Oct 14 2009	Location-wise very convenient	I spent three nights at this hotel, concluding my tour of eatern Canada. My room was on the tenth floor, hence my slight anxiety about an escape route in the event of fire - only one central staircase. Room was comfortable, although difficult to control the temperature - either too hot, or too chilly. Being able to open the window a couple of inches provided much needed fresh air. The provision of a bath robe was a nice touch. There is a swimming pool on the second floor which looked inviting. Breakfast, if I remember correctly, was something like $Can 15 for a rather tired buffet breakfast. I did not go back - there were better cheaper options elsewhere.The location is excellent with many places within walking distance, and an efficient underground system ($Can 17 for a 3 day tourist ticket) which takes you to the Olympic Stadium, and the impressive St Joseph's Oratory. Old Montreal reminded me of Paris or Quebec, and downtown Montreal is a kind of French New York.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great location	At $99/night, this hotel was a bargain for us because it was in a great location. It put us right within walking distance of St. Catherine Steet (the primary commercial artery of downtown Montreal). We planned on enjoying the Montreal nightlife and to not spend too much time in the hotel. If I was planning on spending more time at the hotel I would have chose somewhere else. It isn't as nice as it looks on the website. It's getting run down and the furniture and bedsheets all look very used. The washroom didn't look like a modern hotel washroom - it looked more like something you'd find in an old house. But you really can't beat the location for the price.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great place to get to know Montréal!	Located in the heart of Montréal it is a great hotel to do Sightseeing and shopping. The staff was really nice and we could move to our room extremly early, altough we did not anounce our arrive at 10:00 AM. On their website we found a very cheap price - check there. The fries were really good and breakfast was more than fine, there the only thing was, that the difference between continental and american buffet was no clear.	
Sep 3 2009 	NOT A 4 STAR!!!	This is not a 4 star hotel as it's advertised. Maybe a 3. Service was so so, not very helpful Desk clerks. Had breakfast buffet once, very bad and expensive. The people atmosphere was very iffy. M y suggestion, don't be greedy, spend a little more money and get better!	
Aug 21 2009	nice hotel and excellent food hats off to chef	this hotel was nice although did not get to stay long. a bit of a hard city to get about ot lost a few times but worth it . anybody thinking of staying in this hotel well worth a visit the hotel resturant was beautiful my mouth was watering watching the chef freshly prepare my pasta. even if not satying in this hotel just go there for dinner .	
Jul 16 2009 	Deceiving	I thought the hotel was pretty bad. It is NOTHING like the picture. In my opinion, it was equal to staying at a motel. The bedding was cheap and the showers flooded. I was really disappointed. The rates are not bad and I wouldn't mind but the pictures the provide are totally deceiving.... They make the rooms look much nicer than they are. Plus, our view looked over all this junk ... it was just utterly disappointing. I would never stay there again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Good food	Thank you for the good service during our AGM, coffee breaks where very well presented and the food at the Restaurant was great !	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice stay	The hotel was nice and staff relatively friendly. The walls are very thin and you can hear you neighbors.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great price and close to downtown	Stayed a total of two nights at this location. I was in Montreal for the nightlife. This hotel was relativley inexpensive and a 10 minute walk to all the bars and shopping on sherbrooke, rene levesque or crescent. The hotel rooms really need to be updated unless you are into the 80s type style. The front desk was polite and courtious even when a friend of mine lost his key card twice in the course of the night. Location is everything with this hotel, it is very close to all the major clubs and shopping and very cheaply priced for downtown montreal. it is also right beside Buffet Maharaja? which is a great east indian buffet restraunt, one of the best I have been to yet.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location..	Stayed here for 2 nights for UFC weekend. Overall nothing spectacular. Only used it as a place to shower and sleep. The rooms were really warm with no AC. the 2 rooms seemed a bit run down.. The price was right and the location was good. Thats all i have to say about this place.	
Jun 4 2009 	A good hotel but a bit expensive	I stayed at Hotel Maritme Plaze for 28 days for business reason. The best thing about the Hotel is it's prime location. a block away from St Catherine St, one of the most happening place in Montreal. Companies like IBM, CSC, CGI across the Road, Metro station nearby......What more....everything was good, except the price, they charged me $125 per day for 28 days....They should have given me a better deal........	
May 21 2009 	Won't be staying here again	My family and I had the misfortune to have stayed here, while on a tour of the USA and Canada. We arrived to find a rather horrid little man guiding the lengthy queue for the lifts.When we got to our room it appeared okay. However, on closer inspection, the carpets were stained, as were the chairs. The bed was clean and comfortable but the bathroom was another matter. The bathroom was tiny, the basin was dirty were it was chipped and it had burn marks on. I took one look at the shower and decided not to bother. It just had this all over grubby feel about it. I did ask if we could be moved but was told all the rooms were taken, so we had no choice but to stay put. The hotel is located in an unpleasant area, with quite alot of graffiti around. We couldn't wait to leave this hotel.	
May 21 2009 	One night at Maritime	Lovely clean room on 5th floor overlooking car park at back, hence also quiet. Very small bathroom.Some people, on same tour as, us had rooms at front and windows open due to being too hot. They found it a bit too noisy.Very pleasant front desk staff.Although the room was clean, I believe I was bitten by bed bugs. I reported this to the hotel and they replied, with apologies, saying they would look into it.Can't comment on hotel value as it was part of a package.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good value for money	Stayed at the Maritime while in town to watch the Montreal Canadiens play. Room was very clean, close to the Bell Centre, room was small but I was there for the game at not for the stay at the hotel. If you want a decent place to stay and don't want to spend a ton of money, this is a good place. I'd stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Not as good as it looked!	Ok just to tell you the hotel in all was good but... the rooms were terrible. My family could bearly have two people in there at once brushing their teeth. The beds were so low down to the ground that I had to squak to get into bed. The room service was nice because my children were happy to just have dessert after a long day of walking and looking for a restaurant to eat at. The cheese cake was awesome! The parking is nice because you can leave your car there all day. The gift shop was nice because we could get postcards of Montreal. My children were in Montreal for their first time. I wouldn't suggest going on when there is a hockey game. There were people in the hallways at 2 in the morning waking up my kids and me. One of them was frightened from the screaming and yelling. The staff was so friendly at nightime when we wanted room service. They came right away. They told us good places to go sightseeing and restaurants. The staff was awesome!!! All in all I would most likely not stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 7 2009	great location-hotel is perfect for a few day stay	You probably will not find a better priced hotel in this location.Hotel has everything that you would want for a short stay.Woman cleaning rooms on 7th fl was great,she made everyone feel at home-not often do you run into such a friendly helpful worker-bar tender and restaurant staff also nice.Front desk staff could take a lesson from the rest,not always friendly-a smile and hello would be nice-never happened at arrival or check outOverall-nice place to stay	
Feb 15 2009	Not too bad	Actually we have stayed at this hotel every year for the last 9 years.. We go up to see two NHL games every year during Super Bowl Weekend.. The rooms are clean, and neat.. They got a great pool i dont really know what more you can ask for.. You are in Downtown Montreal, close to the Bell Centre... honnestly for the amount of time your in this room, its worth it and then some..	
Feb 9 2009 	good location but quality of rooms lacking...	We stayed here recently love the location right near everything, but the quality of the thin walls from previous reviews wasn't lying...! Everytime someone slammed there door in the hallway i thought the were in my room if your not used to noise don't stay here! The location rocks it quite good....	
Jan 19 2009 	NIce room thin walls	I found the hotel very clean and charming. Good downtown location. My only complaint would be that the walls are quite thin and I could hear everything happening in the neighbouring room. Also, there was no bathroom fan that I could turn on to drown out the noise. I am going to try another downtown hotel on my next trip.	
Nov 11 2008 	Does the job for the night	We booked the room by Fast booking but the reservation did't work. The hotel contacted us directly then we were able to do it with our credit card, if they didn't reach us we would have ended up without a confirmed reservation. The hotel is ok but is definitively a 3 *. We were given a 2 double bed then they switched us to a king bed as initially requested (after getting to the eight floor then back). Friendly hotel staff ie. front desk &amp; restaurant.Room clean but could be better, dirt in bathroom corners + tiny curly hair in the bath tub (seen them when I put my glasses on!)General state of the room OK, bed comfortable if you like it firm.Rooms not sound proof...can hear pipes when somebody takes a shower...not much an issue for us.Took the breakfast in my package: buffet style, food could have been warmer (scramble eggs, bacon &amp; potatoes) but OK.Beside these little things, satisfactory experience	
Nov 7 2008 	A little disappointed	I was surprised to read in some other reviews that this is supposed to be a four star, 'cos it don't feel like it. The gripes were the bathroom sink tap didn't work, reported when I discovered it, as this was a sunday evening I didn't expect it to be sorted out immediately, but it still wasn't sorted when I checked out on wednesday, so teeth were cleaned using the bath taps, or while in the shower. My room was next to one of the laundry rooms, so it could be quite noisy from early in the morning. The cleaning staff didn't seem to dust or vacuum my room, just make the bed and replace towels, which seems a bit much, not that it was dirty, I just noticed.The good things are the location, easy walk to shopping areas and the metro. My room was large, and bed gave me the best nights of sleep of my whole holiday, had the breakfast one morning and it was fine, but I agree with the previous posters comment about tipping, it seems a little rich expecting a tip for poring two cups of coffee. I wouldn't break my neck to stay here again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Nice downtown hotel	Good location, clean and nicely furnished room, some good restaurants close by. There's a computer in the lobby where we could check our emails free of charge, and there's an in-house restaurant with a nice breakfast buffet. Friendly tri-lingual staff in the front desk (En/Fr/Sp). The only problem I found was the street noise since it's at the corner of two important streets.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not a 4star as advertised outside hotel but a reasonable 3 star	This is an ok hotel in a fairly good location. It is just off St. Catherine street and you get the main shops in about 10 mins walk. It is about a 3-5 min walk to nearest metro stop.Hotel says it is a 4 star but a long way from that. Bar was closed at 10.30, room service food at same time. Hotel is in need of refurbishment. Room was very big, bed was fairly comfortable but a bit dated. However it was clean. I think this is a decent 3 star standard hotel rather than anything more. It is clean and in a good location and if you get a good price it is worth it.	
Sep 25 2008 	Don't stay here!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. Our experience started off bad as our room wasn't ready for us to check into. The staff told us to come back at a specific time to check in, so we left the hotel to walk around downtown (the one redeeming quality was that it was close to the downtown area). Upon our return to check in our room still wasn't ready. After hours of waiting we finally got our room and were disgusted by the stains on the carpet and even on the pillow cases! On the second night of our stay a nice couple attempted to open the door to our room as the staff had assigned them to our room as well! Nothing about this hotel was as it seemed online. The gym consisted of a closet sized room with a treadmill, bike and getto stepper that were all so close to each other it was uncomfortable. I could go on, but I digress... only stay at this hotel if you can't afford to upgrade.	
Aug 19 2008 	Very Nice	It was a nice hotel. Very clean and the staff was very friendly. I booked through Hotels.com and got a very good price. Hotel lobby is beautiful and the gift shop great, not pricey what so ever. i would recommend this hotel to anyone and will go back myself. One bad thing, when we got to the hotel at 3pm our room was not ready and we had to wait 45 minutes. Call once you get to Montreal to make sure your room will be ready by the time you get there. A few things are expensive, like parking and breakfast. There are many cafes around, do that instead and save yourself some money. Otherwise, this hotel is great!	
Aug 16 2008 	Overcharged / deceived prices	Was quoted $80 a night - when checked out, was charged $180 plus $30 for two cars, when I only had one. They refused to back out the extra catr charge and were very rude. The room was nice, but the experience dreadful.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good stay	Spent 3 nights at the hotel and enjoyed it. The room was clean and comfortable. The decor a little dated - but nothing that concerned us. If you are looking for a modern hotel however, this would not suit. Free internet is always a bonus. The location was fantastic. I was concerned that we would be too far from the downtown but only one street back from St Catherines which was great. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great for the money!	We really enjoyed this hotel. I have two boys who had a wonderful time at the pool at the end of every day.I used the little gym a few times. It was tiny but all the equipment worked fine.The room was clean and the air con worked wonderfully and the beds were comfortable.The elevators were a little slow so we sometimes used the stairs.The breakfast was really great! Especially if you have kids. They had a huge selection of items, from eggs, bacon and sausage, to yogurt, cereal, fruits, and let's not forget the mini croissants!The front desk folks were very kind. The rest of the staff were a little distant, but professional.The location is excellent if you are a business person. For a family on vacation it's fine if you love to walk and take the subway. We booked with AAA so our parking was free so we drove around a bit. (small car is a must for their parking garage).I would have liked more and better towels all around. But that was minor.In general I would recommend and re-visit this hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	Eh	We traveled to Montreal for a party weekend. Age range of our group was 21-25. We originally booked an Executive deluxe suite (2 queen beds and a sofa bed) and another standard room (2 queen beds). When we arrived to the hotel, we found out that they didn't give us an executive suite, but just an executive room (2 queen beds) on the executive floors. Let me just say, this room was a complete rip off. The standard room that I booked was more spacious than the executive room. The hotel management wasn't that helpful either compared to the other hotels that I have been to. Their &quot;take it or leave it&quot; attitude was just completely disrespectful. At the end of the trip, we were taking our car out of their garage and found out that we had to also pay a parking fee. Please keep in mind that we had already checked out and paid for our rooms. Went to pay for the parking fee which amounted to approx. USD 15-16 per night. This was by far just adding insult to injury. If you have to stay at this hotel, I would suggest getting a standard room to be safe. Otherwise, check other hotels in the area. I am sure the Marriott would offer you complimentary parking and a much better staff.	
Jul 15 2008 	Average Hotel	The hotel was in a good position - fairly near to the main shopping area. The room was ok but had a smell of cigarettes when we arrived - keeping the window open helped. Very helpful staff on the front desk. Money grabbing staff in the restaurant, where we ate breakfast. It was a buffet breakfast at a cost of $12.99 + tax. When presented with the bill, we were reminded on each occasion that gratuity had not been included! I was only served with a glass of water and my husband had coffee. All other service was provided by ourselves as it was a buffet. We were happy to leave the customary tip but objected to keep being reminded!	
May 5 2008 	Disappointing	We have choosen this hotel because we expected a good quality due to the 4 stars. Our first impression after arriving there was good. The room was clean and the staff friendly. The hotel is situated well. The shock came during the first night: it has been unacceptable noisy. We have slept there 3 nights and just in one we got really sleep. And we were not disturbed by direct neighbours but by guests from other floors. It seems that this hotel is a popular adress for especially young people that come from all over North America to visit Montreal and to enjoy first the night live of this amazing city and to continue afterwards at this hotel. The responsible duty manager was not available and so we had to accept other peoples parties during the night for 99$ a night and an average sleeping time of 3-4 hours per night. Conclusion: for people searching for rest during the night this hotel is a disaster. For youngsters that look for party and get to know other young people it seems to be a good adress.	
Mar 30 2008	Montreal's best kept secret.	I can't believe all these negative reviews.Went to Montreal for fun with friends.This hotel was in my price range and was spotless.Lobby and rooms were first class.Great location for downtown walking about.Secure underground parking.	
Nov 19 2007 	Enjoyable stay	We are a young couple so we took a room with one bed. The bed was very large and the room was spotless and very clean. Very big windows and a balcony. However the balcony is 100% concrete and the only recommendation I would have is to make the balcony more presentable (something more than just concrete floor and walls). The bathroom was very nice as well and the water pressure was fine. I would definately stay there again. The price is competitive for the quality : not cheap but not too expensive either. Service was fine as far as we could tell but we didn't require much from them because we had all we needed.	
Nov 8 2007	Was it the same hotel?	I just had to check before I wrote this that I had got the right hotel.We stayed for 3 nights with a tour and found the hotel to be really pleasant. The room was large and very clean.We ate in the restaurant one night when we got back late and that was good value and the breakfast buffet was lovely and fresh and plentiful.I used the business centre to send/check emails and that was free of charge with very little waiting time.The location was great just a short walk away from the main shopping street.The little shop was so handy and open quite long hoursI would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2007 	Would not reccomend	We choose this hotel through AAA and the hotel webiste. Very misleading. I would not stay here again. Rooms were old and musty smelling. Had to leave a widow (with no screen) open for freshair. I can't believe that they have a 3 diamond AAA rating. Guess the inspector hasn't visited in while. Our friends that we traveled with had a soaking wet carpet. They were given a large carpet fan which remained in their room the entire 3 days we were there with no knowledgement or compenstation. Great location, not a great hotel.	
Oct 22 2007 	Website very misleading	Three stars at best. I arrived at 4pm and the room wasn't ready, staff in parking extremely rude, parking expensive for Montreal. 10$ a day for Internet in 2007? It was cheaper than that when I went at my elementary school on the first Pentiums. My room was the only one with no newspaper in the morning, and the &quot;fitness facility&quot; they advertise is comprised of a threadmill and exercise bike that are older than my mother thrown in a cramped room smaller than my walk-in wardrobe with no air circulation. Very disappointing! Will not return. Only pluses I can think of is the hotel is two subway stations away from the shopping district and easy access to A-20.	
Oct 17 2007	Good location slow service	Stayed for one night OK position easy to walk to the waterfront which is nice or Mount Royal which is strenuous but well worth it for the views.Bed rooms were OK and certainly not as bad as some of the reviews	
Oct 11 2007 	very average hotel	stayed at this hotel recently. i agree that the website does make this hotel look much better than it is. the room we stayed in was ok not what i was expecting. When we checked in we did not have any problems our room was ready for us. there was a very helpful man at the front desk who gave us suggestions on things to do and see. so pretty much this is an average looking hotel with good front desk service. not a place to stay for a romantic getaway, as the hotel doesn't have much to offer.	
Aug 12 2007 	Caveat Emptor	Beware- the hotel's website makes this place look pretty nice, and it rates between 3 and 4 stars. if the dirty, vinyl curtains don't deter you, the not so friendly staff might. The only plus is the location, which is just a block or so away from Rue St. Catherine, a heralded shopping strip. I didn't go anywhere near the shopping, and I'm not so sure that the hotel is located anywhere near the shopping anyway.	
Jul 19 2007 	The Bed Makes It All Better	The GoodLocation: The location of the hotel is great! 1 block from St. Catherine and a bank. 2 blocks from the Guy-Concordia Metro Station.Bottled water: freeToiletries: Crabtree and Evelyn (very nice).*The Bed: Softest sheets and pillows I have ever slept on. Great after a night on Cresent St or a day of shopping.Patio: Located through the pool room, the patio overlooks a quiet side street. Staff: Everyone was nice and very helpful.The BadParking: Hotel ran out of parking, so we had to go across the street and park at the Days Hotel for $4 extra/day.Hotel Exterior: Hotel building looks dated and a little dirty on the outside.Exercise Room: Really a closet with a few pieces of 1980's exercise equipment.Pool: SmallElevators: Slow; 2 elevators for 13 floors	
Jun 22 2007 	Four Star?! No Way! Three Star? Doubtful.	I was very surprised to see a four-star certification on the hotel's web page! This is a hotel in disrepair. Some areas have been recentlyrenovated with a shiny new veneer, but the underlying shabbiness shows through. My room was well-decorated, but with a dank smell. Theaged electronic key card demagnetized after every single use, forcingmany trips on the extremely slow elevator (one of which was always out of order). On the plus side, the bed was comfortable. Instead of a bellhop, they lead you to a dingy backroom where you can deposit your own bag. The wireless Internet was blazing fast (and $10/day), but the front desk staff seemed unfamiliar with selling it, and they finally had to call me back before they could give me a password. The wallpaper and lighting was new in some areas, but the carpets were worn and stained. There were many missinghangars in the closet, and the iron in my room was broken when i tried to use it.The immediate location is a treeless highway off-ramp, but it is an easy walk to St. Catherine Street were there are a variety of businesses. My overall impression is that this hotel is uneven.	
Jun 16 2007 	Bette than expected - Formula 1 Weekend	The Maritime Plaza was one of the few notable hotels near Rue St Catherines with available rooms when I made my reservations almost 6 months prior to the F1 race. From the reviews, I was expecting the worst, but was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, the staff (desk &amp; housekeeping) very friendly, in spite of the hectic weekend. Location was superb - easy walk to the subway and activities in the city. I was also probably unnecessariy concerned about where I would be leaving my car and again pleasantly surprised to see that the hotel garage was very secure - i.e .fully closed off to the public. Considering how busy they were, I did fret over whether or not the linen &amp; towels would be attended to, but once again, not a worry. The only negatives (1) street noise the night before the race was quite noticeable, waking me several times and (2) the &quot;European-like air conditioning&quot; just barely kept the room cool. If I return next year, I might try another location, but certainly wouldn't be dissappointed if I stayed at the Maritime.	
Jun 10 2007	Happy enough	Have to say I am quite surprised by a lot of the negative reviews for this place. Maybe they have done something about it since? Stayed for 3 nights in May 2007 and had no problems. Room was good size with 2 large beds, decent decor, furniture and clean. All of the usual facilities I would expect, coffee maker, ironing board, hair drier. Bathroom clean and everything working OK.No issues with staff.Most importantly had 3 good nights sleep which is rare in a hotel these days.Good buffet breakfast with hot or cold choice.Only niggle I might have is that you are on the edge of the city centre and it is a bit of a trek to the old part of Montreal and the waterfront but maybe that is why it was quiet - take your choice.Bar looked a bit cheesy but there are some excellent bars, pubs and restaurants nearby.If I return to Montreal I would look no further than this place for accommodation	
May 27 2007	never to return	We live in Northern Vermont, about an hour from Montreal and decided to go for a few nights at the last minute. I called to make the reservation because it was for that same evening plus 2 more evenings. The clerk told me if I booked online I would pay $119 but if I booked on the phone, it would be $159. I asked her if this was the case even though I wanted to come that very night. She said yes. So I booked online with my credit card. In 2 hours we were at the desk trying to check in. They had no record of our reservation and instead of just booking us in and getting us to our room, they had us stand there for 30 minutes while they scolded one another and looked at the computer. They finally gave us our keys (I've no idea if they ever found our reservation) Our room was on the 11th floor and we waited FOREVER for the elevator. We finally got to the room and neither key worked. My husband went back downstairs while I sat in the hallway with our luggage. It took him almost 45 minutes to return. The room was okay. Stuffy and the bed looked comfy enough but it was like sleeping on cardboard with a pad on top.That might we woke about 3 in the morning SWELTERING hot. The A/C was clearly broken. I called down to the desk and the clerk actually said, &quot;Well you are the only one complaining.&quot; It was July. The A/C didn't get fixed until the next night and there was never a mention of it by the staff. There were other negative aspects...enough to make us not want to return. In 20 years in the innkeeping business, I believe that hospitality makes all the difference.	
Apr 12 2007	first time at this hotel 	nice hotel, clean rooms, 2 massive beds in our room, goose down duvets, staff were polite &amp; helpful, all round good hotel. would stay there again, no problem.	
Apr 5 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever In Montreal	I'm travelling often to Montreal and it's one of the worst booked to Montreal. Very rude staff, restaurant close, and we've been stock in the elevator for more than an hour. although, the room is nice but NOT A 4 STAR HOTEL... Days Inn is better for the price.....	
Feb 24 2007 	worst hotel ever	while the beds are nice and it is clean....the staff are terrible. I was stuck in an elevator for three hours at this hotel. the alarm and the phone were broken. it took over an hour for a staff member to hear us. she assured us she was going to go and get help. 45 minutes later a second person discovered us (we had resumed yelling at this point because the first person hadnt come back) He said that she had left her shift and hadnt reported the incident. he said he would go get help. we asked that he kindly check in every 10 or so minutes because we were kinda scared and wanted to know what was going on. this man did go get help, but it took over an hour and he never checked back in. infact we didnt even know that the mechanic was there. all of a sudden the elevator lurched and we fell over 8 stories, stopping abruptly on the second floor. we all thought that we were going to die (there were 3 in the elevator). No one ever appoligised to us. we tried to talk to the staff to tell them about the broken phone and alarm but they kept ignoring us and talking to the manager in french instead. it was a terrible experiance. I realize that elevators are faulty, but the way they delt with the situation was unforgivable.If you have any other questions about the hotel feel free to email me wesley_614@hotmail.com	
Feb 4 2007 	DON'T STAY HERE!	Was totally not what I expected. Booked through Hotels.ca, looked like a nice place but it wasn't., Staff was very rude and not helpful. Parking is 15$ a night..I would have rather paid the extra money to a better hotel with free parking. Never again!	
Jul 10 2006	A pleasant surprise	I booked this hotel based on location and price but after reading some of the reviews was worried that I would be staying at a dive. I was quite pleasantly surprised. The room looked just like the photo on the website and although the hotel was very busy the staff was helpful, the restaurant was good, the pool a plus and the exercise room adequate, although small. I was attending the Montreal Jazzfest and the location was perfect whether I wanted to walk 15-20 minutes to the venue or take the Metro a block away from the hotel. There was good shopping and several 24 hour coffee shops in the area.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again if I visit Montreal.	
Jun 16 2006	Definitely NOT a 4-star hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Maritime Hotel for a weekend away and were not impressed. It is a far cry from a 4-star establishment - I'd probably give it 2 stars at most. It is very outdated and not very clean. The towels and linens are very worn and we laughed at the old, dingy bathrobe they provided. I can't complain about the location as it was in walking distance of many shops and restaurants but I would not stay at this establishment ever again!	
Jun 5 2006 	Dirty hotel and rude staff	One of the worst hotels we ever stayed in, the hotel does not look like the picture and only the lobby is really clean, we had to stay a week and the sheets weren't changed in a week , you have to call them for everything coffee &amp; coffee condiments, sink didn't drain, blow dryer didn't work, bath tub would have the same hair in it daily after the room was apparently cleaned. Vending machines for soft drinks were empty for our entire stay. Housekeepers are rude and get even ruder if you ask them for anything they might have forgotten. Housekeepers were found two differant times sitting on beds that were occupied when the people were gone out when in fact they should have been cleaning the rooms. the carpets are not vaccumed in your room during your stay there was toe nail clippings by the bed that remained there for the week. In a week the restuarant they advertise was only open three times, they didn't have set hours and you could never plan to have to arrange a meal, so you had to walk somewhere else to eat and there isn't a good place to eat for at least two blocks or more. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone that has to stay in it for more than one night! I do not believe this hotel ranks a three star rating it should be lowered to at least a two star. This hotel's location is not in a good area for a family it is right on the line of a lower class area of city.	
May 20 2006	Lovely room but management?	We arrived on tour..........48 guests........were supposed to be able to check in by 4pm.......rather late check-in for a hotel I think. However, even though it was after 4pm when we arrived we were made to wait out on the pavement for about 1/2 an hour until they were ready for us! They should at least have let us into the lobby. But once in the room it was great, huge room, great shower, comfortable bed.	
May 15 2006	Great Hotel for the Price	This hotel was clean and a great value. I have read other reviews which indicated that they would never go there again and it was a terrible experience. I thought it was fine. The people at the front desk were helpfull and polite. Yes, the bathroom was a little small, but it was clean and everything worked fine. I had a non-smoking room, but it was either very close to a smoking room or previously a smoking room. We did not use the pool or go to the restaraunt, so I cannot comment on those aspects. It was very convenient to have the parking at the hote which was $15 / day.	
May 7 2006	Worse than a hostel	Although the room itself was okay, the hotel is definitively not the four-star it is rated.Other weekend guests were drinking, smoking, fighting and shouting, even shattering mirrors on our floor. The management was helpless, indifferent at best, and did not care to offer any explanation, solution or compensation.We strongly recommend against staying there.	
Apr 4 2006	slept well showered less well	I enjoyed my one night stay at the Maritime despite one major problem. The room was small, not a problem , actually nice and cozy,bed really comfy and bed sheets really soft .Best was down quilt and no horrible cardboard who- knows- who- did- what- on- bedspread!! A fabulous sleep!Major serious problem was shower running cool then scalding !!! dangerous and materiel for law suit for burns! diverter not working.Bit small bathroom was OK but shower would deterr me from repeat visit..Otherwise nice room. Carpets need replacing.I believe I was moved to 10th floor due to Hockey team on 2nd as I am not fond of drunk noise makers at 5 am. Appreciated attention given. Older looking building on the outside than appears in photos and no great welcome at the door however the price was right and my bag was light!	
Mar 4 2006	Feeling of Dishonesty	My husband and 11 year old son spent the night in this hotel on Feb 18. For the money paid for the night, there is nothing exceptional about the hotel, nothing more than one expects. A very unfortunate incident happened though. My son left his bag of stuff in the room including ipod, gameboy, lego, etc. He knew exactly where he left it - on the floor, half under the bed, by the window. In a matter of 3 days incl that very night, I had spoken to front desk, head of housekeeping, and deputy manager. The General Manager never returned my call. In brief, they claim that nothing was left behind and that nobody else occupied the room after us. Hmmmm. Makes you wonder doesnt it?Much as cleanliness, service, friendliness of staff are important, I think it is as equally or more important to feel that you can trust anybody that works in that hotel - after all, it is home away from home. I just feel that the way they handled our situation was very inept. Instead of pacifying us, we felt more angry and cheated and lied to. Know for sure, we will never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone else.	
Oct 24 2005	3 star hotel at best	I just spend a weekend in Montreal -- at the Maritime. I've been to Montreal several tiems, but wanted to stay a new place. I based booking this hotel on some of the feedback I found on this site...as such...I felt the need to add my review...so that others will have a REAL sense of this hotel. Our room was comfortable, clean and very satisfactory. The bathroom was nice, but a bit small. It did have a big king bed which was great.Location was average at best. You are near St. Catherine Street, but you're at the far west end...so its a hike to get to the main shopping area. And you're on the boarder with the &quot;rougher side of town&quot;.Decor was much like any 2 or 3 star I might have stayed in as a college student roaming around Europe and Greece...meaning...forget the 4 star rating...its a 3 star at best. The bar area and lounge...looked like something out of a 70s slasher movie...seedy all the way.Value...look, I'll tell you straight...If you need a place to stay that is cheap and near downtown...its fine,basic...stay there. If you need a nice place for a romantic get-away or if you've been to the city before...spend $25 more a night and stay at a nicer place.	
Sep 2 2005	Loved it! Great value at discounted rate	Our experience here has been great! The room was clean, well appointed and extremely comfortable (love the overstuffed pillows and bed spread). The bathroom is small but clean and well furnished and decorated. Restaurant was expensive so didn't try. Got a good deal on the room but parking and internet access were extra. We had an &quot;executive&quot; room. Right next to St. Catherine's street where all the restaurants and stores are.	
Sep 1 2005	Great Weekend Getaway	For the price and location ($100US), this place was great. The service was good, clean, nice rooms, queen anne style furniture, one of the most luxurious mattress and pillows i've ever slept on! The pool was decent, nothing special, lobby was average, reasonable paid parking in the basement, close to everything.	
May 2 2005	Don't Believe the Hype	To say that I was disappointed would be an understatement. Upon entering the room, we found that there were no towels, unless you count the dirty towel that was left in the tub. There was also some sort of unidentifiable sticky substance all over the bathroom floor and I don't even want to imagine what it was. To the credit of the staff, we were allowed to change rooms upon request. The new room had towels and a clean phone. Unfortunatlye, whenever the shower was used for the first day or two the ceiling leaked a wet substance that we thought might be water, but we could not be sure. The size of the room was misleading on the website. Our room was modestly sized with a cramped bathroom. There was an ironing board but no iron. When the iron was brought the next morning, my friend assumed that it was safe to use. Unfortunately, she found out the hard way that the iron was not in good shape, as it left a permanent stain on her outfit. After the first couple of days of our stay, there was an ungodly stench emanating from teh hallway. The source of the odor was apparently from trash/food that had been left in the hallway for an undetermined period of time. Upon removal of the trash, the stench remained for at least 12 hours. We were pleased that there was a restaurant in the hotel. Unfortunately, our dining experience was less than satisfactory. For breakfast, the eggs were bland and the bacon was undercooked. However, the orange juice was freshly squeezed, which I suppose made the $32 dollar tab worthwhile. The front desk service was reasonable, but it became apparent that they became increasingly frustrated with our apparently unreasonable requests for decent amenities and service. I suppose we were fortunate that we were only charged $158 per night, a result of the jacking up of rates because of an international conference. All in all, this was a hotel experience I will never forget. I would strongly recommend that you stay somewhere else.	
Feb 7 2005	Here's Another Plus for this Hotel	My wife and I spent four nights at this hotel at the end of January 2005. We reserved through the internet and the rates were reasonable, about $100 Can. per night. Our room was comfortable, clean and very satisfactory. The hotel location is ideal; we could walk to most places downtown and the Metro is just a block away. By Metro, you can easily reach anywhere in the city. We ate all our breakfasts at the hotel restaurant, Le Beau Rivage. It was a hot and cold buffet, very satisfactory. We also ate two dinners there and were pleased with both. The staff were polite and helpful. In all, our holiday in Montreal was great, and we recommend the Maritime Plaza to others.	
Dec 21 2004	Setting the record straight	After having read all the other reviews, I feel the need to share my experience at the Maritime Plaza with you.I stayed there with my boyfriend in mid-November 2004 for 3 nights. We booked directly through the hotel's own website, and paid $95 Can. plus tax per night. Indoor parking was available for $11 Can. plus tax, which I must add is a very reasonable price to pay for hotel parking in Montreal. Space is at a premium here, and I have searched high and low for cheap hotel parking charges, and this is the cheapest I can find. So those people who complain about having it being too expensive have obviously not looked around. I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised by the amenities in the hotel at this price. We had a room with a queen-sized bed, with down duvet and pillows (lots of them), a cotton bath robe free of charge (unless you want to take it home with you), Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries (in generous-sized containers), and lots of space in the room and windows the width of one whole long wall. The bathroom is a little bit small, but is in line with most other hotels in Montreal that I have stayed in. It is also clean. The sheets were definitely not stained, and they have a policy not to change the sheets every day if you are staying for more than one night in order to be more environmentally friendly. Frankly, why would we expect the hotel to change our sheets every day when we don't do that at our own home? But they will change them if you tell them to.The staff at the front desk was very helpful and professional. I wouldn't say they were really chummy, but you don't go to a hotel to make new friends with the staff anyway. They were efficient and polite. What more should we ask for? They were also bilingual. My boyfriend is francophone and I am an anglo, and the person at the desk switched between English and French fluently and willingly.We didn't use the pool or the exercise equipment because we didn't have time even though we would have liked to because the pool looked very inviting. The hotel is in such a good location that we spent most of our waking time out on the streets, shopping, taking in the sites and enjoying the restaurants. It's only a block from rue Ste. Catherine, the main shopping street downtown. It's got tons of good restaurants and neat shops, and we didn't mind the walk at all. In fact this hotel is in a particularly good location because it is kind of at one end of the shopping stretch so we could just start at the hotel and went east, do the whole strip, and come back and have a capuccino at the Second Cup right at the corner where the hotel is before heading back up to our room. The coffee shop is open till very late at night, so it's great. Besides, we got our exercise out of the walk.The only complaint we might have is the heating. It's a bit excessive in the hallway. But we could open our window in the room to let cool air in, so it's not too bad. After all, this is not the Queen Elizabeth, and we shouldn't expect that level of opulence, considering what we paid. In fact, we were so pleased with our previous stay that we are going to stay there again this Christmas (2004).	
Dec 4 2004	Not as bad as expected.......	Frankly, almost cancelled my reservation after reading some of the reviews here. But decided that we were unwilling to pay $150 and up for a better hotel. Room was basic, but clean and comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful. Some of the common areas required maintenance.Generally, well located and good value for $100.	
Nov 9 2004	Great Experience at Maritime Plaza	After having read some of the previous reviews of this hotel I was a bit nervous about staying there. Anyhow, I had a positive experience. I found the hotel staff to be friendly and accomodating. Everyone spoke great English. The room (looked nothing like what's on their website) but was clean and very spacious. The hotel is in a very very convenient location. It's a block away from the nearest Metro stop (Guy-Concordia). Up the street and around the corner there's a plaza that has restaurants, ATM's (the hotel has an ATM machine also), a fresh fruit market and plenty of other stores. There is also a pharmacy and a McDonalds up the street and around the corner in the other direction. Also the hotel is located between Rue Ste. Catherine and Boulevard Rene Levesque. Rue Ste. Catherine is a major shopping area (there are plenty of stores for every sort of budget). In addition the hotel is only minutes away from Eaton Center (Underground City). There are also plenty of restaurants in the immediate vicinty of the hotel (to mention a few there is BBQ Ribs place, a Vietnamese restaurant, an Indian place around the corner on Rene Levesque, and on and on). There is a restaurant in the hotel but I can't comment on how good the food is because I didn't eat there as I found them to be rather expensive. The hotel also has a bar, a pool, and a small workout area.I found this hotel to be excellent and will definitely stay there again on any subsequent trips to Montreal.	
Oct 18 2004	Just Brilliant	My wife and I recently returned from a holiday in Canada, which included Montreal.We were rather apprehensive about the Maritime Plaza, having read a number of adverse reports after having booked there. However, there was no cause for concern as we found the hotel to be exceptionally good, well situated and the staff helpful at all times. We do a considerable amount of travelling and are firmly of the opinion that this hotel ranked with the best that we have stayed.	
Sep 21 2004	Not A Four Star Hotel	I think the canadian goverment should pay close attention to the hotel ratings. This hotel has a nice lobby but they should put more effort into the rooms. The carpet in the rooms are old with a scent of mildew. The bed look comfortable until you sleep on it to discover the struggle of trying to keep your body from rolling to the middle. The washrooms need re-grouting to keep the mildew from growing and the staff needs severe training to teach them the fundmentals of hospitality. My two night stay in August will be the last I see of this hotel.	
Sep 13 2004	Not bad nice sundeck!	The hotel lobby looks like a Vegas casino at first sight, maratime themed in blue everywhere, but the rest of the hotel is much less interesting and the staff were in no horry to check people in. However, our room was high up and had a nice view, very clean and comfortable. The pool and sundeck area on the mezzanine is great if its hot- you can swim/ lay in the sun after coming back from sight seeing! Rue Crescent is nearby, great selection of bars- but very very lively! St Laurent is probably a nicer area if your over 30, but this hotels not really in walkable distance to that (took about 45 mins).	
Sep 3 2004	Misleading website photographs!!	This hotel does NOT look like the photos on the website. Very misleading. Its much older and worn in real life. The rooms are very small, and you couldnt even swing a cat in the bathroom. However, they are clean and comfortable and the beds are brilliant - best feature. Its also in a good location for sightseeing.	
Aug 13 2004	Much Better Than Some Reviewers Indicate	Overall my wife and I had a pleasant experience at the Maritime Plaza Hotel. We also stayed at the Fairmont (5-star rating) during this same trip, and a room there costs upwards of $200US. The Maritime Plaza's amenities are a couple of notches down, but the rooms and location are comparable.Staff/Service: the Maritime's staff is friendly and welcoming. They provided good restaurant recommendations and worked efficiently to ensure lines did not build at the reception desk. Even the parking attendants were personable and informative.Rooms: the rooms are above average in decor, comfort, and overall quality. The bathrooms are nice with strong showers. I would say that the hotel is more European than some Americans are used to, so the rooms may seem a bit small. However, nothing is cramped, and space is used effectively.Location: the hotel is within walking distance to most downtown places of interest, including St. Catherine Street, Crescent Street (for restaurants), and Mont Royal Park. It's probably a 30-40 minute walk to Vieux Montreal (old Montreal), where much of the tourist-oriented shopping and sites are. We rented a car and had no trouble finding the hotel or parking. Some other reviews point out that the pictures of The Maritime Plaza on some booking sights are drawings. While this is true, the hotel looks very similar to the drawn pictures... they do not mis-represent the exterior or interior.We did not try the hotel restaurant. In summary, we would recommend this hotel as a good value within the $100 - $120 US price range.	
Aug 10 2004	Maritime great value at any price!!!	Its very simple this hotel is very very solid. I am not saying its perfect but the place is very nice. Decent pool, very very nice room and beds. My only gripe is that the ac doesnt blow out really cold air but its ok for the price you pay. All of these complainers are a bunch of cheapos who payed pennies and then expected the Ritz Carlton. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. Very very solid.	
Jul 26 2004	You get what you pay for	My husband, 7 month old son, and I just returned from a weekend in Montreal. The hotel was not in the best location - but was only a block and a half from the Metro, which will take you most anywhere you want to go. Our room was clean, the airconditioning was intermittent, but the staff was very helpful and friendly, giving us good recommendations for restaurants and better places to go to exchange our money. We spent $25C on parking for two nights. On our next trip to Montreal we'll spend a little more money and stay in Old Montreal, but for what we paid, we were happy.	
Jul 20 2004	THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER?	I will make this brief because I am wriitng this as my phones at work are ringing, and my client is waiting at reception. I am writing this review becuase YOU MUST BE WARNED ABOUT THE MARITIME HOTEL. I stayed there with a friend during the jazz festival and was horribly DISAPOINTED. The AC in the room didn't work, the ammenities were as bare as can be, the hotel DID NOT CHANGE THE SHEETS EVERY DAY, the ELEVATORS HARDLY MOVED, the sorounding Area was shady, far, and dirty. The staff had little to no idea how to direct us to events, and places. The parking was expensive, and the parking attendent even DRAINED THE BATTERY OF OUR CAR when we werent there. For some reason, a random cleaning lady kepT coming into the room early in the morning EVEN THOUGH WE HAD THE DO NOT DISTURB SIGN ON. Even a local girl said to me &quot;your hotel is ----&quot;. You can get a REAL hotel with a spa, pool, and RECEPTION And Valet in a real nice neighborhood for $10 more a night. BUT if you still want to stay here, have fun, but dont use HOTELS BECAUSE THEY WONT LET YOU LEAVE... - GOOD LUCK TO YOU	
Jul 17 2004	Hotels.com * you on this one:	Look, if you’ve picked the Maritime you probably opted not to go to the nicest place to save some cash. You probably don’t know much about Montreal and you don’t want to spend the time researching where to go. So you checked out hotels.com. After all, you’re not there for the hotel but to see the city. That’s why I can ignore the fact that the amenities were weak, the air conditioning wasn’t working, and even the room didn’t look anything like the one pictured on hotels.com. But for a few more bucks you can stay at a much classier place like the Sheraton. I stayed at the Maritime for the jazz fest and I was so far from the action that the cabs I had to take back and forth would have equaled the difference in price between the Maritime and The Sheraton. Plus The Maritime’s neighborhood is shady at night, seeing how these two haitian guys wanted to rob me and my friend. We had to sprint back to the hotel. I will admit that the people working there were cool, like the guy who works there who is the most valued customer at Woody's Strip Club. Listen, don’t be another American scammed by hotels.com!!! Do your homework. To quote a guy from montreal when asked about the Maritime, “It’s REALLY not cool.”	
Jul 12 2004	very seedy!	The pictures available on line are misleading....our room was dirty, sheets were stained, towels frayed and rust stained. The hotel staff are very rude and not accustomed to providing any level of customer service. When speaking to some locals in Montreal, the overall message was - you are better off staying at the YMCA - certainly safer!!! I couldn't agree more. We had 4 nights booked, and vacated after one night!It is not worth the money! Do not stay at this hotel.	
Jul 11 2004	Awesome Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights last summer and it was great!! Everyone was very friendly. The people at the front desk gave us directions to places and were extremely helpful. It was a wonderful hotel experience. The restaurant in the hotel was a bit pricey, but there is also a full bar which is convenient!!	
Jun 21 2004	Good Location But Not a 4-Star Hotel	The Hotel is adequate and basic but certainly not a 4-star hotel standard by any means. I travelled during the Grand Prix season so it was very expensive (even by London standards!). Paying around $CAD2,000 for 7 nights (inclusive of taxes and &quot;charges&quot;) I thought at least breakfast would be included - no it wasn't. This puts me off travelling then to &quot;developed&quot; countries when you get no value - I paid for a flight, 4-star hotel (including breakfast) to Cuba for a week which cost me much less in what I paid just for this hotel in Montreal for a week.The rooms are basic and nothing very grand. The only advantage is the location as major streets are within walking distance. This was my first visit to Montreal and my last. Next time its Costa Rica and those countries that need tourist $$s not rich countries like Canada and then you get no value and quality! Here you dont get what you pay for!! 	
Jun 21 2004	Quite Pleased	I needed a place to stay in Montreal for the Grand Prix du Canada, and had a hard time finding a room at a well known hotel, and the Maritime Plaza seemed to be a good alternative to a &quot;sure thing&quot; hotel like a Marroit, Sheraton, etc. All in all, I can't find any reason to say the stay was not well above average, and I would stay there again. My room, which was on the executive floor, was tremendous. The furniture was as nice as any room I have had, including rooms at places such as the Ritz-Carlton. The place was very clean, and although some reviews mention only one elevator working, they were both working when I stayed. This is a former travel lodge or some other type of &quot;econo&quot; hotel that over the years has been transformed into what can only be described as a paradox of a hotel. The hotel was designed with efficiency in mind, and so this place will never be a show place or a &quot;destination&quot; hotel. The lobby, while nice and clean and internesting in its current state, does not have the ability to leave the impression this is a top shelf hotel. It was not designed with that in mind, and so it does not say &quot;this is a fancy place&quot; when you walk in. The chandilier, and the mirrors amd the tile work are all ver nice and do the most that can be done with the structure, but it just is not a hotel that was designed to impress you and tell you that by enterring the doors, you &quot;Have arribed.&quot; However, in the room, one has the feel that they are in such a hotel. The bathroom, although a bit smaller than one might expect in a true top shelf hotel, has the fixtures and accomodations one would find in such a hotel. The hallways are not the spacious hallways of a fancy hotel, and there is no room for fancy decorations and furniture in the hallways, but at least on my floor, the carpet was new, the place was spotless and the use of smoking and non-smoking floors was nice.The restuarant is obviously a dinner or coffee shop in design, and now the place has a fancier use for it, but I never ate in the place, except for breakfast opn my last day in town, when it was raining. The breakfast buffet was fine, and I found the breads and sweet rolls to be very good.The staff was helpful, and friendly.The location is great. Two blocks walk to the metro station, and a few blocks walk to hundreds of shops, places to eat, drink, etc.This is not a destination hotel (not the Intercontinental, etc.), no one would go there for the cache the place has, or its reputation or to spend the weekend AT the hotel, eating room service, eating at the restaurant etc. but if you want a place that is not so famous, in a great location, and has rooms that will blow you away for the price, try this place. 	
May 17 2004 	Only one working elevator in 14 story hotel.	Hotel is OK but management is saving here and there. And it shows.Just back from two nights and the elevators are still under repair. So crowded was the one working elevator that a sign was posted warning only 10 people allowed at any one time.Only one elevator working in a 14 story building with long lines (people coming off of tour buses) in the lobby waiting to get on.	
Apr 9 2004	All in all just fine	For the price the hotel was fine. The lovely comforters and multiple (different firmness) pillows were great. A tiny bit chintzy on the towels, but then I didn't ask for more. Location great if you don't mind and are able to walk several blocks. Only experience with restaurant was breakfast buffet, which I found overpriced and mediocre. The pool may have been heated, but it was on the coooool side. Staff was friendly. Still only one elevator working. I probably would go back if I don't find a better deal at a 5 star hotel.	
Feb 24 2004	Not as bad as these reviews say...		
Feb 19 2004	Not as advertised...		
Jan 5 2004	Recommended to friends		
Dec 23 2003	Excellent Hotel		
Sep 15 2003	please don't waste your money.		
Sep 15 2003	My terrible birthday experience at this hotel		
Aug 18 2003	Great location		
Dec 9 2002	Give me a break		
Oct 10 2002	good location 		
Apr 13 2002	Accomodation		
Jul 15 2009 	Toujours impeccable		
Mar 1 2009 	pas de bon pour qualite prix seulement tres bien situe		
Jan 31 2009	très bonne situation		
Sep 1 2008 	Correcta relación calidad - precio en Montréal		
Mar 23 2008	tres satisfait		
Oct 6 2007 	Buen hotel		
