Nov 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel was very clean and beautiful as well as comfortable. The staff was very friendly. The airport shuttle was timely and the fact that I could leave my car there for a week at no extra charge was comforting. The shuttle was there again when I came back. I would definitely stay there again and have recommended it to co-workers.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent hotel great service!	I stayed here overnight and was very pleased by the personal service I found. I'd 'lost' my luggage and had no extra clothes. The shuttle driver (they pick up, drop off at the airport but also will drive you within a 3 km radius) was kind enough to ask the management if he could take me to a nearby mall where I was able to buy a change of clothes and have a good dinner -- both shop and restaurant were his suggestions.The hotel was impeccably clean, large room with 2 big beds and plenty of work space, free WiFi, good breakfast, late checkout was no problem. I was most pleased!	
Oct 29 2009 	Desperately Seeking Definition of Customer Service!	I picked this hotel based on the rave reviews so I was shockingly disappointed upon checking in and it only got worse from there. The hotel is very difficult to get to but that is not the fault of the hotel, it is the poorly designed road system but I think folks should at least be aware. First to mention is that it is not $109 per night as even their website states. As a matter of fact, the woman who checked us in said that their rate hasn't been $109 since the hotel first opened. She had no answer when I showed her a printout of the $109 rate from their website nor would she give us that price. Fine, moving on. The hotel is nicely decorated as are the rooms. But we did not appreciate finding pubic hair on the sheets. It was obvious that the sheets had been cleaned and changed and it's one of those things that I think &quot;just happens.&quot; But when we called to have the sheets changed, the attitude was as if we were &quot;being particular&quot; or something as if we found some dust – I understand enough Spanish to have picked that much up. Ok, still not going to let it ruin the weekend. I didn't mind where the hotel was located because it is close to Dorval/Lachine where there are tons of great restaurants that line the waterfront. What I did mind is that while the front desk gave a full list of restaurant recommendations in Dorval/Lachine, they failed to tell us that they actually have free shuttle service to take you there. We found this out the next day after we battled traffic and driving around looking for parking. Also to note is that the hotel is located in an industrial area so it does smell like exhaust and fertilizer.Our first morning, we went to make coffee and noticed there was no artificial sweetener in the room. My husband is a diabetic and we called the front desk and were told by Tamara that they do not provide sugar substitute in the rooms. We asked if it would be available at the breakfast to which she replied she did not know (even though the coffee stand is 10 feet from the front desk). Apparently she not only didn't know but didn't think it was in her job description to even find out for us. When we expressed our surprise, she said &quot;I WORK AT THE FRONT DESK&quot; - CLICK! and hung up on us. Are you kidding me? Obviously, we immediately called back which is how we got her name. Oh and yes, they DO have artificial sweetener at the breakfast which we only found out after we physically went there ourselves to check it out.I travel a LOT, especially for work, so I've stayed in all kinds of hotels. I can honestly say this is the LOUDEST I've ever been in - you can't hear your neighbors above, below or next to you, but you can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the hallways. We had to complain about the noise level the entire weekend and they really do nothing about it because it's usually one person at the front desk and no manager around during &quot;quiet hours&quot; and zero security. I haven't been this disturbed at all hours of the night even at convention hotels. On the plus side, they do have a pretty good breakfast included in the room rate - both hot and cold food - which we appreciated. There is no restaurant or bar at the hotel but you can purchase snacks and beer and wine next to the front desk. I will say we lucked out with some phenomenal food in Montreal so not having a restaurant at the hotel was no big deal. We did speak to the manager before we left and voiced all of our concerns. She assured us she will speak with her boss and contact us with a response and what they will do to accommodate our issues. Upon our return, I received an e-mail that said she was sorry about our stay and the inconveniences we experienced. WOW! I was not expecting a “too bad, so sad” reply after the complete unprofessional attitude and behavior of her staff. In this day and age when customer service is so critical and companies compete to separate themselves from their competitors, I find this type of laziness and abundance of excuses intolerable. Everyone knows that mistakes can be made but the difference is in how you handle those issues. They say you get what you pay for and in this case, they couldn't be more right. If there was a lower rating than 1-star for service, they would be getting that from me.	
Oct 27 2009 	Superbe airport hotel!	The usual airport hotel is old, noisy, and you would get bad service in and outdated room. Well, not at the Holliday inn express!!! We were really impressed by the desk service and the lobby in general. The rooms are very nice and carpetless! No carpet! How fantastic. The complimentary breakfast was very good, and included eggs and bacon and not only pastires and instant coffee other hotels offer you.They have 24hours shuttle and secured parking for park-and-fly. We travel throught Montreal once per season, and the Holliday inn just made it to our number one airport hotel.They will be hearing rom me again pretty soon!	
Oct 14 2009 	hard to find but worth it; great staff	Although it was difficult for us to find the place (the street signs are wonky), I would definitely recommend this hotel if you have your own car and want a nice place at a good price.THE GOOD: Our double queen suite was spacious and comfortable. There was a fridge, microwave, coffee-maker, and free wi-fi. The pool area is very nice, perfect for our teenager to burn off some energy. Unlike most places, they actually offered wi-fi and wired access for their free internet, and the staff let me borrow an ethernet cable so I could have a secure connection. They also sent a fax for me without charge. The best part, though, was the breakfast. They had protein! This is very important for a good start to the day, especially for diabetics, yet most hotels only serve sugar and starch. I was pleased to be offered eggs and bacon as part of the complimentary breakfast. They also had a great pool for our teenager to burn off some energy.THE BAD: Besides our initial difficulty finding the place, I have no complaints.THE UGLY: Driving in Montreal is an absolute nightmare, but that's not the hotel's fault! This was a great place to stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location for airport	New hotel so everything is spick and span although the sauna was already out of order. Rooms are large and contain everything you need. Breakfast was great. There is a shuttle bus to and from the airport which is very convenient.	
Oct 5 2009 	5 Star Hotel for the Price of 3 star Hotel !!!	Stayed there with Parents , two rooms , two couples , If you do not mind to Drive 15 minutes to Downtown Montreal, Sightseeing in Montreal all day , then drive back !!! It is well worth . Perfect New Hotel , Modern, Excelent room , Biggest room ever saw with Living room , sink and Fridge, Big Bathroom , very good Breakfast and Free Parking. All Hotels in Downtown Montreal are Double Price , plus : breakfast and Expensive Parking . Anyway , you will need a car to tour around . It is at Airport area but you do not see or listen Planes	
Sep 14 2009 	A Boutique Hotel hidden in an Airport Location	I have been a Priority Club Member for at least 15-20 years, so I have stayed at lots of standard Holiday Inn Express(s). This hotel is truly a different (and kinda revelatory) experience.I would up using Priority Reward Points for our 3 night stay, which would normally limit my room choice to a standard 1 or 2 bed room . But the staff at the hotel was nice enough to upgrade our room to a full 1 bedroom suite, which was absolutely perfect for our needs (travelling with our teenage son).We had recently returned from a trip to Prague and Vienna where (relying on TripAdvisor again, we stayed at 2 terrific boutique hotels) and we were more than pleasantly surprised when we entered the lobby at this hotel and it clearly gave us the impression that a lot of thought and design went into creating this new kind of Holiday Inn Express.The staff greeting upon arrival was very inviting and one got the impression that the desk staff truly cared about our experience. We were additionally impressed that though we arrived relatively late (around 11:30pm), there were still 2 people manning the check-in.The look and feel of this hotel is definitely one of far more expensive boutique hotels, and that look and feel carried over to the 1 bedroom suite that we stayed in, which was tastefully furnished, including a dining table and chairs, 2 Flat screen TVs, a large bathroom, refrigerator/wet bar and very attractive and comfortable bedding.The hotel and our room were spotlessly clean, by the way.The breakfast area is also very tastefully done with a combination of tables and counters with bar-height chairs.The breakfast choices are more typically Holiday Inn Express style, but somehow seemed to be of better quality and taste compared to many other HIE locations we've stayed in.The parking lot was huge, well lit, and had wider than normal stall markings, which helps avoid those annoying parking lot dings.Two large elevators in the main lobby meant that even though the hotel appeared sold out, there was no long wait for an elevator.I have visited Montreal dozens of times so I was not at all concerned about the airport location of this hotel because, unlike other major cities worldwide, the Montreal airport is only 8 miles from center city.The hotel was located within a 2 min drive to Rte 20 (E &amp; W) which is a major interstate type freeway which takes you directly into center city in less than 10 minutes.If this hotel represents the new direction of design and execution for future HIE projects (and also renovation), they are definitely on the right track. Boutique-style amenities at a fair price seems like a winning combination to me.	
Sep 9 2009 	Pretty neat place	My husband and I decided to stay in something familiar before we went into Montreal's old quarter. We now wish we had continued here. Our room was modern &quot;French&quot;. The floors were of a dark wood. There was a microwave, fridge and table to eat upon. The manager sounded so American that I asked him if he was from the states. He said he had seen alot of American movies! He also let us know about the food in their freezer that let our very tired selves microwave dinner there at the hotel. The breakfast was excellent. The staff friendly and helpful. Definitely a place we can recommend!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Hotel would stay here again!	My husband, baby and I just returned home from a 2 night stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Montreal. I chose this hotel because of the great reviews and it did not disappoint! Cleanliness is a must with an 11 month old crawling around, so we were extremely happy with the spotless rooms!The salt water pool area was also very clean and fully stocked with clean towels.Service throughout the hotel was great. The front desk staff, housekeeping, and the guy that continually cleaned the floors on the main floor always greeted us with a smile/hello! The only complaint I have would be with the number of staff working the morning buffet. Both mornings we had to wait while the waitress cleaned a table for us. It seemed as though this one lady was responsible for cleaning the tables, washing the dishes, setting the tables and stocking the buffet. I would recommend the manager hire one more waitress/waitor to help out during the morning buffet. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again next year.	
Aug 31 2009 	This is great value for money new and close to airport	We stayed here one night on way back home after family vacation to the US. We had been in four other hotels in 10 days and this was our favourite. Free shuttle to and from airport. Hotel is new and very modern, rooms were very nice, the breakfast next morning was great, hot and cold, serve yourself and open at 5:30 am. Only 5 minutes from airport and new shuttle bus provided by hotel, driver was friendly and dependable.My teenagers thought it was great with the new and modern decor, the lobby is very unique and beautiful, the computers were free access with large screens. Pool is a little small but as this is airport hotel and usually only one night stay that was fine for that purpose. We will stay there again for sure.	
Aug 29 2009 	Stylish hotel with a few minor glitches	We stayed in the 'Presedential Suite' but was a little dissapointed that, despite assurances from the booking agent that the room had two seperate bedrooms, it only had a single bedroom. We complained so they reduced the rate. The room was very hot as the AC was not working and it was August. The maintenance man came to fix it, but gave up after about 30 minutes. Then it suddenly started working??? The Sofa bed was very tough to assemble as they had packed it up, fully made. When we checked our credit card bill weeks later, we saw that the hotel did not reduce the rate as promised. These problems aside the room was very spacious and well appointed. We liked the wooden floors and the bathroom was pretty impressive....for a Holiday Inn. The room came with two large flatscreens which was a nice touch. Breakfast was just OK. The hotel is new and it has a very modern feel about it.	
Aug 23 2009 	stumbled upon this hotel	On a roadtrip to Montreal, we had planned to not have a plan at all and stumbled upon this hotel near the airport. Most of the hotels in the city charge extra for parking and we preferred to not have to pay for parking. Therefore when we found this hotel we opted quickly to book a room. The hotel is located near the airport and luckily the drive into town takes about 20 minutes which is not too bad at all. The room itself was clean, spacious with two twin beds, and with modern amenities and totally perfect for at least 4 people traveling together. The one complaint I would have is that the windows did not keep out the noise of nearby trucks driving by in the middle of the night, which was a minor inconvenience. In the morning, the breakfast was pretty good, I would say a small step above the standard continental breakfast. Some hot dishes like bacon, eggs, and sausages were served along with the standard breads and cereals. Lastly, the hotel seems really new and their facilities are quite modern and clean, case in point the restrooms in the lobby were comparable to ones found in higher end hotels.	
Aug 21 2009 	Its the perfect hotel!	This hotel not only has great prices but great service as well. Everything was perfectly clean. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 11 2009 	perfect when you want to be close from Dorval	We had a great time there the room are spotless, Breakfast is complementary. Parking is free fro resident. You will not miss your plane as it is 10 mins away from Dorval. they have ashuttle service and a big screen which flight departure information.	
Aug 10 2009 	what an excellent hotel it deserve at least 4 stars	I will certainly recommend this hotel to my network... Simply because it offers the best Quality/Price Ratio. Adding to that, it's a brand new stuff with qualified people trying every thing possible to let you feel home.	
Aug 9 2009 	We have finally found our Montreal home away from home!	With it's comfy new beds and hardwood floors, this hotel catered to our needs. Our 11 month old son could crawl on the floor without us wondering whether it was clean (like we would if it was carpet). There was plenty of space in the suite for all 4 of us. It was clean, clean, clean! The free breakfast was delightful and our sons enjoying the swimming pool while my husband enjoyed the gym. The staff were also very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 5 2009 	Clean Comfortable - Not close to anything	We stayed in a King suite which was very upscale in decor. Two flat screen TV's, laminate floors and a hudge bath with a glassed in shower.The bed was comfortable and the room spacious. The only thing we did not like is the A/C was loud and seemed to operate only on high speed. It was alright for sleeping but the TV had to be turned up too loud to suit me. Also there was a pool of water on the floor the next moring where the A/C had not been draining properly. I turned the unit off and reported that to the management at check-out.The staff speaks clear English which is nice because we don't speak French. Not speaking French makes driving in Quebec tricky. Luckily, our GPS took us through a maze of roads to this hotel. I don't know if we could have found it without GPS. The location seem convenient to the airport but not much else. That was OK for us since we were only passing through town on the way somewhere else.If you've had one HIE breakfast, you've had the majority of them. On rare occasions one will stand out. This was not one of those rare occasions.	
Jul 15 2009 	Terrific value!	My family accompanied me on a trip to Montreal for business, as we mixed in some family fun at the same time. Great hotel - nice new rooms, great pool, nice lobby, and polite, courteous staff. The breakfast buffet might have been the best feature - the food was excellent, and having it right there, and free with the room, saves you a ton of time and money. The price on the rooms was very competitive, and great value. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect for park and fly!	We stayed at this hotel overnight before flying out on vacation the next day from Dorval airport. We were a party of 2 adults, 2 teenagers and 1 6-month old baby. Rooms are great, large enough to accommodate all of us comfortably, had a mini-fridge, microwave and coffee maker (super handy with the baby), nice big bathroom, very clean. Free WIFI was also a big bonus for us given the kids had brought along their laptops ;-) Hardwood floors throughout the room, which I really appreciate. The hotel parked not only one, but two cars for us given that my husband and I had to drive down separately. There was free shuttle service the next morning at our convenience (no pre-set times, you reserve it the night before and its 24h service). We had to be out by 7.30h am, and had time to enjoy the complimentary breakfast buffet, which features hot items (eggs, bacon, sausage) and had a nice assortment of cereal, toast, yogurt etc. I was very pleasantly surprised by the breakfast buffet, as these are usually limited to stale croissants and toast. We enjoyed the pool the night before, and ordered out for pizza. I realised afterward that they had a nice selection of catered frozen meals for sale in the little shop downstairs, and would surely have tried that for a more healthy selection had I known. Staff was friendly and relaxed, including the shuttle driver (its just a short drive over to the airport, which is great). They came to pick us up as soon as we called from the airport on our way back, and getting our cars was easy and fast.Bottom line, you can't get better value than this hotel, especially if you are doing park and fly. It makes for a really easy and enjoyable experience. I am for sure going to do this every time I'm flying out of Montreal. You just can't go wrong with this place, especially given the very decent rates.	
Jul 13 2009 	more than you pay for	In June 2009, I want to Holiday Inn Express Hotel &amp; Suite, at Montreal Airport. I was really surprise of what you get for the price. The room are clean and really nice. They don't have carpets on the floor and the room are big. You have a breakfast include and you have quite some choice, even tough is an &quot;expres&quot; breakfast. Coffee and tea are free 24h/day.There's a pool and a nice lobby to relax. You have acess to two computers (free) with wireless internet. The internet is free and pretty fast.Bathroom are clean and nice towels.There is a shuttle that take you to the airport. Altough we didn't stay to catch a plane, it's a good place to stay if you don't want to pay the full price (dowtown montreal).There no restaurants around, but you can ask for deliveries.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent for park and fly!	We stayed here before leaving for our trip to take advantage our their stay and park option. We were very impressed with the rooms and the service. Breakfast was great, but usual HI fare. The shuttle to and from the ariport was very convenient. We would definitely stay here again if we were travelling from Montreal.	
Jun 14 2009 	They try harder - and succeed!	This facility was built in late 2008 and makes for a delightful stay. It's a little pricey, but so are all the hotels in that area. The facility is modern and perfect in every way, but it's the staff that takes it over the top. They take the time to fully explain all the amenities with each guest at checkin, and are responsive to any questions or problems. The complimentary breakfast tops anything I've seen at other hotels. The hotel is convenient to the airport and only 12 miles from downtown. It's in a light industrial area, which is the only thing I can think of as a negative. They have plenty of parking in a gated lot. I would not only recommend this hotel, I'll make it my choice in the Montreal area.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great experience...no complaints	From the time I arrived till I left the experience was great.The room had hardwood...perfect...no dust...bright and the room was spotless.I was able to arrange for shuttle services twice without issue so that I could spend the day in downtown Montreal.I highly recommend this location....staff was great...DA	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic for Business Travelers	This Holiday Inn Express fulfilled every single need I had for a top-notch business hotel. With time at a premium, the hotel was able to accommodate me in every way, providing great service and rooms all within tight time constraints. Best of all, I was able to zip right over to the airport for my flight once my stay was over. Highly recommended.	
Jun 7 2009 	Hip hotel with gorgeous rooms	I booked the hotel for its proximity to the airport and to accumulate my priority points. As a business traveller I have stayed at Holiday Inns all over North America. I have never seen rooms or amenities like this. The rooms are clean and sleek - mine came with two flat screens TVs. The hardwood floors were a great touch. I felt like I was in a uber-trendy boutique hotel in a cities downtown entertainment district. I highly recommend the hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Absolutely Beautiful Hotel	We stayed overnight at this hotel on May 2nd. We didn't arrive until after 10pm and were back to the airport very early the next morning to catch another plane. I have stayed at many Holiday Inn Express hotels but I must say this is the nicest one I have ever stayed in. The room was beautiful, I even took pictures to specifically post here. The hallways were lovely and very wide. The lobby was beautiful and the staff were very friendly. I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Impressive!	I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Hotel &amp; Suites Montreal Airport. All I can say is wow! All rooms have laminate flooring with modern furniture. Extremely comfortable bed with flat screen tv. Complimentary wireless internet and full breakfast! Some hotels should be ashamed of charging for these in this day and age! Congratulations Holiday Inn Express! 100% better than the Hilton Montreal Airport! Try it... you won't be disappointed!	
Apr 21 2009 	Beautiful Hotel and Genuine Service	I stayed at this brand new hotel for one night the first week of April.The hotel product is beautiful! Contemporary, clean and comfortable.I was welcomed by John (evening Night Audit) and was pleasently surprised. Great genuine service and felt reassured that I was at a great hotel right away.Since it is an Express hotel there is not a restaurant onsite, however; the hotel offers an excellent selection of frozen entrees and even offers wine and beer from thier pantry. Very handy.The Breakfest Bar was consistent with all other Holiday Inn Expresses and the Breakfest Bar Hostess was very friendly. The best part of my morning though was when John (the same John that checked me in) came by to see how my evening was and wished me a good day. He even remembered my name!Great hotel, genuine service. I will be back.	
Mar 19 2009 	My Airport Choice Everytime from NOW ON!	Not sure how this hotel only has a 2.5 star rating, it is easily a 4 star! I was more than impressed with the room I had, this is a brand new hotel. King size bed, wireless internet, hardwood floors and flat screen TV with High Def channels. The front desk staff was amazing, arranged my free shuttle to the airport, and the wake up call I needed. The free breakfast was great, full service with eggs and everything else to start my day right!This is easily one of the best and affordable airport hotels Ive stayed at in a long time. Definitely the place to stay at the Dorval Airport!	
Mar 14 2009 	Very Nice HI Express	Stayed here for 3 day meeting, close to airport but very hard to get to because of the road design. We rented a car, could see the hotel, but could find a way to get to it. Finally saw the hotel shuttle and followed it through the back roads. Otherwise very new, clean and spacious Holiday Inn. Hotel room had a very comfortable king bed, large bathroom with shower (no tub), microwave, mini-fridge and coffee maker, free wi-fi. Very strange, the wardrobe is inadequate, with only space for hooks, no rod. Felt like the designers added this in at the last minute. Lobby is spacious, nice size breakfast area with hot breakfast included. Several business meeting rooms are available and nice size with windows. Food is catered in and very good and plentiful. Adequate 24 hour fitness centre and also a swimming pool and sauna room. Service was friendly and great. ATe at Forcaccio near the hotel which had nice homemade Italian food at very reasonable prices. Went to Latin Quarters, Alos another night and the food was fantastic.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great experience at this hotel	Stayed here recently for a &quot;sleep, park and fly&quot;. We were two families with small children (including a baby). The hotel accomodated our request for rooms nearby to one another and also the request for a crib for baby. This hotel is new and it shows. Very modern and clean. Great big, comfy beds and just overall a super nice hotel. We caught the shuttle both to and from the airport and it was hassle free and conveniant. Front desk staff were pleasant and helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel for park and fly purposes.	
Feb 16 2009 	Ultimate comfort and service!	The only downside to this hotel is the French only road signs! :DThis hotel was amazing, I was impressed with everything. It has hardwood flooring, it is very modern and very stylish, huge lobby, clean and super comfortable from the bed all the way to the soft towels. They really exceeded the HI Express standards in terms of design. I currently am working in a HI-Express so trust this review !!!The staff was amazing as well, very warm and were quick to give us directions to anywhere and did not hesitate to ask how everything with our room was every time we passed by. Jacki and Russel in particular were great and gave outstanding service ! Thanks guys!I recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 21 2008	Great Hotel! Next to Montreal Trudeau Airport.	This is a great hotel. I recommend it without hesitation. Here are some highlights:- Brand new construction and very clean- 2 Minutes from the airport terminal- Nicely designed lobby- Spacious conference roomsThis is definitively the best choice for a hotel near the Montreal Airport.	
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel bellissimo assolutamente consigliato.		
Dec 19 2008	Top Hotel !!!		
