Aug 18 2009 	just fine	Casa Bella was a ok. Nothing fancy, but the room was spacious comparing to how we usually travel. Bed was ok; clean, flat pillows but had two per person, ac in room a big plus. Breakfast was brought to room on request and towels changed daily. Parking was free and staff were nice. No complains.	
Jul 21 2009 	don't go there...	Bed bugs found... dirty bed sheets... flat pillows (i mean as flat as a sweater)... bugs crawling around in the washroom... AC was off... dirty sofa... dirt on carpet (seems like it has not been vaccumed)... left over garbage from the previous customers... dirty comforter....even though it is the cheapest within / around the downtown area, my boyfriend and I will never go back there...2 words: extremely bad!!	
Jul 16 2007 	Average hotel good location	I agree with previous reviews that this hotel is not great value for what you get. The pillows were as thn as a folder sweatshirt, the television did not come with a remote and the orange juice that came with my breakfast could have been served in shot glass. Still, overall my room was clean, the location is excellent and there is more ambiance than in staying at a large chain. I stayed for one Saturday night in July only so the price was not great, but I'm sure in the off-season or for extended stays a discount could be negotiated.Recommended.	
Jan 12 2007 	HORRIBLE AND OVERPRICED HOTEL	This is the most horrible hotel in the world. It will be good for $30 per night, but $100 per night is just TOO MUCH.We stayed there for New years. The room was ugly. A chair was brokeThe sink had a HORRIBLE SMELLThe Bathtub was soo dirty! IT HAD LOTS OF HAIRS YUCK!Behind the toilet was soo sooo so dirty. It seemed like nobody cleaned it since long long time ago. The breakfast was ONE CROISSANT, half a cup of yucky coffee, and half a cup of orange juice. THAT WAS IT. The TV was interesting. I think my parents had that TV when I was born. The transmission stopped all the time and we had to wait a little bit until the transmission was normal again.The carpet had big stains on the floor. I had to put on my shoes after waking up. I just couldn’t put my feet in that carpet. And after all this, they charged 100 DOLLARS!!!!!!! That hotel is worth $30 MAX!After our ugly stay, I wrote an email to the hotel about my complaints and he never answered. I am sure he knows that his hotel has a rank of 0.It is just not fair that people take advantage of others. I mean, they put beautiful photos on the website, but they are way far from the reality.If anybody need more information write here and I will answer your questions.	
Oct 20 2006 	Good Location but kinda of pricey for what if offers (at least when I went)	We learned of Casa Bella Inc. from a travel guidebook. We call them directly and the guy on the phone sounded really nice, so we went for it. My boyfriend and I stayed there the week before Labor day when we were traveling trough Canada, and realized that it is probably the single busiest week for Montreal with all the movie, jazz, and rock festivals they have that week. It cost us $624 Canadian including taxes and parking for 3 nights for one queen bedroom and 1 night in a two queen bedroom (they had to change us rooms because they already sold out the 1 queen room for the weekend to another couple) We had to take it because there were no more places available.Pluses: Even though, the front desk girl didnt speak lots of English, she was very pleasant and attentive. The hotel is located near Boulevard St. Laurent and Rue Saint Dennis, both streets that have the best night and restaurant scene. The location allows you to walk to most places of interest. The rooms were surprisingly very spacious.Minuses: It says that the room has AC, but ours never worked, so I had to open the window and couldn’t sleep at all the first night because of the busy and noisy street. The room is cozy and clean, but it looks very much like a two star hostel. The breakfast is not good, cheap concentrated orange juice, store bough cheap croissants. I read that someone liked the breakfast, judge for yourself order it one day and see if you like it, I still recommend you to add in your budget breakfast outside, just in case.	
Oct 7 2006 	don't bother	The room was ok but the towels are threadbare and there are noextra blankets. The staff was indifferent and made it quiteclear that they didn't want to be bothered. When we asked foran extra room key they said it would be ready for us but whenwe went to pick it up they didn't have one. The breakfast isnothing great just one slice of toast, an obviously store boughtcroissant, and a small cup of coffee, tea, or chocolate. When there was a miscommunication about the breakfast beverageand we were given tea and chocolate rather than coffee andchocolate we tried to get coffee instead and were rudely informed we couldn't have it. One gets the feeling that theowner is nowhere around and just wants to cut costs.I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 3 2006 	cute French hotel with sweet room 	You cannot go wrong with staying at this cute and elegant French flavored hotel in French speaking Montreal, the world 2nd largest French speaking city. My room was large with a terrific shower. The room was kept cool without the annoying A/C noises (central A/C?). The family that runs the hotel attends to your every need. The hotel is smartly located within walking distance to downtown, China town, and the shopping district. It's also a block away from the metro subway! I miss it and will stay there again and I will try to ask for the wing that has a lot more traditional European decor, if I am lucky to get it.	
Oct 17 2005	Clean but troublesome	You get what you pay for. Great location, just a short walk from the Metro and an Underground City food court, as well as lots of &quot;regular&quot; restaurants and downtown attractions. Unfortunately, I arrived after hours on a Friday and stayed the weekend. The off-hours desk person did not speak English other than 1 or 2 words. I can ask &quot;Where is a nearby restaurant?&quot; (among other things, thank you) in clear French, and she just didn't get it, trying to direct me to the grocery store across the street. It was impossible to communicate with her, even by pointing at posted bilingual notices. (InfoTouriste assured me that ALL tourist-related locations in Montreal have fluent bilingual speakers available. InfoTouriste is wrong.) Rooms didn't have alarm clocks; no wakeup call available; individual room temperature controls non-existent; not even a box of Kleenex! No tub either. I'd been looking forward to relaxing from the rest of my trip in a bubble bath. But the rooms were clean (mattress was thin but comfortable enough after a hard day of walking), and breakfast could be ordered in the mornings. Their website says, &quot;fresh warm croissants baked on the premises,&quot; but the croissants were obviously those soggy store-bought things, warmed up somewhere. They were edible, though, as was the toast, tiny glass of orange juice and tea. Towels were small, thin and miserly in number, stairs were abundant and steep, and I feel sorry for people who brought their cars with them as all the cars had to be shifted around by valet every time someone needed theirs. PS: An English-speaker appeared at the desk early Monday morning -- too late for my needs.	
Sep 7 2005	Great!!	This is a nice little place and the staff are very helpful and friendly. It is also in a great location. The metro is close by and the walk to McGill is only about ten minutes. We stayed here for a few days to visit the university and visit the city. This place would also be a great spot if you are visiting for the jazz festival. Place des Arts is just a few blocks away. Parking in the back was a plus. We left the car and forgot about it for during our stay, then walked or took the metro. Have fun!	
Aug 29 2005	Very Nice Hotel	After reading all the rating reviews I decided to stay at Hotel Casa Bella for my first night in Montreal. It's a great place, the room is very clean and the staff are very kind, this is a great hotel for two stars. I love this hotel and i'll surely come back for my next trip on Montreal!	
Aug 21 2005	Casa Bella is A-OK	I read several reviews of this hotel before traveling to Montreal, including a very angry, negative one. Nevertheless, I booked into Casa Bella, and am glad that I did. It has a terrific central location. The hotel was inexpensive and very clean. The room was pleasant and the beds comfortable. The staff was friendly. There are spaces to park behind the hotel -- if cars need to be moved, at present, only the hotel-owner's family has access to the keys. Parking is at a premium in downtown Montreal, so the free parking was a plus.I recommend this hotel for all travelers who understand what a European-style, &quot;tourist class&quot; hotel is. (Don't expect an elevator or help with your luggage, for instance.) For a two-star tourist hotel, Casa Bella is good value for money.	
May 25 2005	Save yourself money time and property	My brief stay at hotel Casa Bella I must say was not pleasant at all. The issue has to do with the parking available at the back of the establishment. Upon arrival I was told that the parking lot was full (it only holds max.6-8 cars) and would only be available when a guest left. When I was making reservations I was told that parking was available on premises, no problem. The first evening my car was left on the street next to the hotel. The next morning I moved it into the Casa Bella parking lot only to be told that my keys were to be left with the front desk clerk. This was necessary in order for them to move the vehicle so that other guests could access their cars. In my car I had left (in the trunk) a bag with around 25 of my music CD's, these were the only items left anywhere in the vehicle. Upon returning that evening from a walk around beautiful Montreal I noticed the car's position in the lot had changed, just an observation. The following day I retrieved my keys in order to take a drive. I opened the trunk to find nothing. Empty. Gone. There was no sign, not even a scratch, as to forcible entry, as if someone simply opened the trunk with keys and removed the bag. My girlfriend and I confronted the owner and front desk clerk in order to uncover the issue of the bag and were told as stated in their parking/hotel policy that they hold no responsibility for stolen items. Furthermore when confronted they were condescending and unapologetic suggesting that we misplaced them unknowingly. It seems that this is a family run operation. We filed a police report needless to say spending most of the afternoon at the station. We returned to the hotel and left that day. If for some reason after reading this review you plan to stay at this establishment by all means just park on the street; there’s more security and plenty of noise! EdwardToronto, ON Canada	
Oct 23 2004	Came here to escape Travelodge!	Escaped to here from the Travelodge. Basically a crap budget hotel but clean and OK and better than the Travelodge in downtown!	
Aug 4 2004	Hotel Casa Bella in Montreal.	My wife Carmelina and I [Charles Bray] with my son and his wife we all had great time in Montreal, specially at the “Casa Bella” and it does carry its name, because the hotel was really clean and beautiful with a great service, such as breakfast in the morning. The address of the Hotel is 264 Sherbrooke Street West, the location of the hotel I found it close to everything that you like to visit in any attraction places. I took lots of pictures, in which I walked from the Hotel Casa Bella in which you could see on my website:  http://www.greatestcities.com/users/cbray5003/	
Aug 1 2004	everything is cool	This is kind of an answer to the London traveller...I find your review a little bit harsh.I stay quite often in that Hotel and eveything is said at the reception. There is a panel with the inscription &quot;ANYTIME you can reach the reception either by phone or by the bell&quot;. At the check-in the concierge explain that the reception close at 3:00 am and open at 7:00 am (that is sufficient for anybody except for you...).You talked about the Hotel you were in the second night (I know that hotel because I used to stay there before), but you skipped to mentionned that if the parking is 7$ you have to pay that amount EACH TIME you take your car! At the Casa Bella the parking is free and we have access ANYTIME !Concerning the phone charges of 1$ - 0.60 $ per call in fact, it would have cost you 0,25 $ to use a public phone anywhere in the city, including the one in the hall.Continental breakfast means Croissant and coffee (it's in the Hotel rules inside the room). Nobody ever mentionned eggs, bacon, saussage or anything else. Anyway, as you noticed it, there is a supermarket (and restaurants) just accross the street if you're still hungry. You also forgot to mentionned that the breakfast is a COMPLIMENTARY so you don't pay for it. As for the &quot;small&quot; cup of coffee, it's the regular size as in any restaurant: 8 oz ! They aren't gonna put a coffee pot on you tray...Obviously you don't have so much thing to do in yours vacations because it take some time taking notes about every lines of the Hotel rules (and you only stay one night). Maybe it was your first travel outside London...Your review was nothing except mean and unjust.Like I said, when I stay at the Casa Bella everything is perfect, the coffee is good and there is no problem if you want refill ; croissant is fresh every morning, there is also toasts, muffin, orange juice (6 oz) and jam. For something free that's sufficient !The staff is helpfull and nice. When I do (and not just myself, other guests are treated the same way) an early check-out (around 6:00 am) there is somebody at the reception, my car is ready to go... everything is fine except for somebody looking to get Buckingham Palace for 60$ (with a big breakfast).	
Jul 26 2004	Free parking though flawed is a plus (worth C$7-15)	I stayed one night at Casa Bella on 23 July 2004 based on the good reviews posted here. The Casa Bella occupies two laterally converted townhouses on Sherbrooke west, about half-way between McGill University and the Latin Quarter, each of which is about 15 minutes' walk. Location-wise, it is central in that geographic sense, but practically speaking it is neither here nor there, as the couple of blocks surrounding the hotel are quite barren, straddling the line between downtown offices and the edge of the Mont-Royal residential area. Having said that, it is quite safe and quiet to walk around at night. There is a gas station across the street, and behind it a Provigo supermarket. Construction is currently going on the site surrounding the hotel, but since I was there on a weekend I cannot tell you whether it would be noisy or not when they work. The previous reviewers were accurate to describe Casa Bella as a European style hotel - narrow, bit rundown in my view (some will say it's &quot;charming&quot;, but I'm sure one can pick out much more than just charm from the 20-year old carpeting), and no frills. I stayed in one of the cheapest rooms, No 11, a single with a shared bath on the ground floor facing the back, for C$60+tax. I've seen that the doubles (from C$90+tax) in the hotel are much larger, but my single was so narrow that it would be impossible to fit to two single beds side by side. There was a stool under my side table, but there wasn't enough space between the table and the bed to pull it out. The room had a wash basin which was useful since the bath was shared. The TV in the room was small and had a separate cable box, but it sufficed and worked fine. My window looked straight out at the construction site, and I guess when the project is done, half of the hotel's rooms in the back will be looking at other people's homes instead of the previous alleyway view. Now, the hotel gives you two keys, one for your room and one for the front door. Why? Because even though the owner and some of the staff live on-site, the reception is closed between 11pm and 8am, which means two things: (1) you will not receive any telephone calls in your room during those hours, and (2) nobody will move the other cars in the parking lot for you if you need to take your car out. I don't want to sound too petty (after all I did book the smallest room), but I think the C$1 charge for every telephone call (including local and toll-free) is a bit steep and the breakfast is a bit mean. As the hotel does not have a breakfast room, I got mine delivered on a tray to the room (never mind the TV was on the side table so I had to eat on top of the drawer chest). The breakfast ration was a small cup of orange juice, a small cup of coffee, a croissant and - I wonder why - a quarter of a muffin. I guess they believe people cannot stomach an entire or even half a muffin. Anyway, I checked out the following morning and moved to a hotel right on festive St-Denis in the Latin Quarter and got a larger single with ensuite bathroom for C$69+tax, and another C$7 for parking. I have to say I'm surprised why all the reviews here are so unreservedly positive.	
Jul 15 2004	A Vacation in Montreal	For Americans used to corporate chain motels, the Hotel Casa Bella was a delightful place to stay while visiting Montreal. Our room was clean and attractively furnished, the staff were pleasant and helpful, and the breakfast croissants and coffee were a wonderful way to start a day in Montreal.Located in the heart of downtown Montreal, close to the Metro, restaurants, coffee shops, shopping, McGill University, and a delightful grocery store on Avenue du Parc, I recommend this European style hotel to anyone wanting to visit Montreal.	
Jul 6 2004	Vive le Montreal	This old apartment/house style hotel is located right in the heart of downtown montreal. It's super quiet, clean, &amp; charming. I felt like I was being treated with real care &amp; respect from the owners. Note to get a room that faces south, so as to see downtown, trees, &amp; make sure to enjoy a beverage on the old fire escape!! I will be returning here the next time.	
Mar 4 2004	Great spot!	Impeccably clean, charming, cheap, great downtown location, and wonderful owner who lives in the building and staff. I didn't plan to be in my room a whole lot in the 4 days I was there, so I got the smallest room which is indeed small, but I stayed in downtown Montreal for $60 per night, tax in and including continental breakfast.The parking is a bit strange (two or three spots behind the building, one in front of the other, but certainly bearable. You leave your keys with the front desk in case they have to move it! It's ok though, with all the other pluses. I'l stay here again, no question.	
Feb 18 2004	wonderful stay	My stay in Montreal was wonderful largely because of the location, value, and comfort of my hotel. I was visiting my daughter at McGill University and the hotel was so convenient. I was close to her residence and I felt safe walking back to the hotel at night.	
Nov 10 2003	Great location one of the bests in Montreal	This little hotel is very charming. Located downtown, it's steps away from everything in Montreal: subway, bus and train stations, shopping area, clubs, museums, theaters... The staff was very accomodating and the lady running the place was very nice. The complimentary breakfast (coffee and croissant) is great and the coffee is so good.	
Nov 6 2007 	plutôt passable		
