Sep 25 2009 	VERY BAD BREAKFAST	regular room very bad breakfast food was scarce and rubber seemed good location and room for parking. NOT RECOMMEND	
Sep 22 2009 	Quaint Hotel Great Service but it is still a 2 star...	The truth is this hotel is great for people who just want a clean basic bed and bath. Furthermore, the staff we encountered was truly the best we have ever encountered (especially Raphael). Helpful &amp; kind, Rapheal went out of his way to make our stay comfortable and was great with tips about the area. However, it is a small hotel with small rooms; furthermore while it is in a perfect location in Montreal the street it is on is not the most picturesque.P.S . The chocolate croissants for breakfast were yummy.	
Sep 22 2009 	I made reservations for November	We travel to Montréal four times a year for vacation. This was the second time we stayed here and have made reservations for November/December. The price is great and includes parking and breakfast. The location is perfect for us, near the Berri/UQAM Metro. We use it or walk to the Downtown, Old Montréal, Mont Royal or Village districts. It is also near the Library and Archives if you are doing genealogy research. Yes if you want a luxury hotel, look elsewhere. But if looking for a good location and a good price, this is a good choice.	
Sep 9 2009 	Definitely a "discount" choice	Not a nightmare or anything, but definitely a cheap 2-star hotel.- Online photos are very deceptive. Rooms are small, simple, kind of boring.- Beds are terrible, really uncomfortable. No extra pillows.- Bathrooms: okay- It's on a busy street. If your room faces the street, drunks leaving the bars could wake you up.- There's air conditioning for the whole floor, but can't control the A/C in your room independently.If you're not picky and are the type of person that can fall asleep anywhere, you won't care. But if you're like me and you want a comfy bed and some real quiet, pay the extra 25/night for another hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good choice	I stayed at the Manoir Des Alpes for two nights with my partner. I thought it was perfect. The rooms have nice high ceilings and seem quite clean. The location is very good. right near the gay Village, but not noisy. It's also close to Old Montreal. The breakfast was very good too..cereal, bagels, toast etc. and is on offer until 11 a.m. So altogether a good experience, if you don't want luxury.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great as a stopping point between sights	The hotel has seen better days no question, but the rooms were clean, the breakfast was ample, and the price was right. From here you are walking distance to Old Montreal (10 minutes), Molson Stadium (30 minutes brisk pace), and when we went Just for Laughs was on. You're about 5 minutes away fro St. Denis St. which is where all that takes place. If you're looking to stay in the lap of luxury, go somewhere else. If you want somewhere to keep your bags and sleep, this is it. BTW water pressure is good and very hot so be careful.	
Jul 24 2009 	Not a 3 Star Hotel	This hotel displays the 3 star plaque outside the front entrance, but in comparison to other hotels in Quebec, this rating is definitely a mistake. The room we had was very shabby, with crooked walls, haphazard construction, with a typical roadside hotel comforter and bathroom accessories. The staff was nice enough, and the breakfast was ok, but the overall design, feel and experience was definitely a 2 star hotel. I don't know if this deserves a 'value' rating here....you pay for what you get in this case.	
Jul 18 2009 	YOUR STUFF WILL GET STOLEN! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	YOUR STUFF WILL GET STOLEN FROM THE PARKING LOT!!!! They smashed the window and took my stuff. I told the front desk clerk and he said &quot;Really? The clerk last night was supposed to check the parking lot every 20 minutes&quot;Well obviously, he didn't do his job!Asked him if the Hotel would cover my loss, he said that the hotel is not responsible for their own parking lot?This hotel makes you pay for everything when you CHECK IN, NOT when you check out.The room was small and you have to ask the front desk clerk to turn on the air conditioning, you can't control it from within the room. It is an old hotel, no computer, they use a log in book, no key cards, they usual actual keys. You can hear everything from your room, dim lighting, old crappy TV and obviously a BAD area since people break into people's cars. Small room, just terrible hotel!You get what you pay for. Do yourself a favour and pay an extra 20bucks per night for a hotel chain in downtown Montreal that provides SECURITY and good service.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good enough	I stayed with my husband for 2 nights at this hotel. It is not a luxury hotel, but it is very clean, confortable and the staff is friendly. The guy at the front desk speaks English and helped us a lot with directions to the places I wanted to visit. Parking is free and so is breakfast. The breakfast is not huge; just an assortment of breads/bagels/croissants/muffins; cereal; orange juice and coffee. Don't be expecting to have omelettes, bacon and sausage because its just continental breakfast. Yes, they charge your card at time of check in, not at check out. I guess basically because since the parking and breakfast are free and the room doesn't have a mini bar nor they have room service, there is nothing else to charge other than the room. Location was fine because it has easy access to the different places we wanted to see. Its right on St. Catherine (they had an art exhibit on the street when we were there), walking distance to Old Montreal and they have a metro station steps away from the hotel.I would love to go back to Montreal. Would I go back there? yes, if I go back just with my husband. If I go back with my kids I would probably stay somewhere else only because the location although convenient, looks a little seedy to be walking around with children.So if you go with other adults, and want to save some money to spend it in the wide range of great restaurants and bars in Montreal you'll be fine staying here.Oh! I forgot to say the rooms have good Wi-Fi, and its also free.	
Jul 2 2009 	Not three stars	I'm not sure who wrote the prevous reviews, but my husband and I, along with 2 friends, booked 2 rooms at te Manoir des Alpes and we were sorely disappointed. I bookd the hotel based on the rave reviews in tripadvisor. However, I should have been warned when all of the reviews spoke of how &quot;clean&quot; the place is. Yes, it is clean, but it is far from 3-star quality. We got what was billed as a &quot;better&quot; room, with a queen bed (which really was a double bed), and a single bed. Half the room had hardwood floors and half the room had some sort off outdated tile. Our room opened to the outside alley via a big metal door. The bathroom,while clean, was from the 60s, and lighting in the room was dim, to say the least. I could go on, but suffice it to say that this is a budget hotel that deserves on star at most. The breakfast offered consists of coffee, tea, orange juice and some breads. We went out for breakfast after drinking some coffee. For those on a severe budget, this hotel is fine, as long as they don't expect 3-star quality.	
Jun 11 2009 	Diamond in the rough	Not exactly what we had set our sights on, but the hotel and the staff turned out to be one of our best experiences in Montreal. It has a very friendly atmosphere, and you feel as though you've stepped back in time. Rooms are extremely clean and comfortable, with modern bathrooms. Most of all, we were amazed at the service we received. Definitely a place I would go back to.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent!	The staff was very helpful and accommodating. For example: I was not going to be able to make it to the Hotel by check-in time. I called them to let them know, and was told: &quot;no problem&quot;.The room I stayed in for 6 nights, was really nice. The different types of muffins they had were delicious. They were part of the choices, for their continental breakfast. I like the idea of free parking. The location is nice.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great staff clean and convenient hotel	We booked 4 rooms in early April and had a great stay. The rooms varied in size but were very clean and the staff was excellent. Everyone we encountered over the 3 days were extremely helpful and friendly.Great value!	
Apr 14 2009 	Wonderful little hotel with friendly staff	We stayed three nights for a weekend concert event at the L'Olympia theatre, which was within just a couple of blocks. Without exception, the staff was friendly and accommodating. The bedroom and bathroom were both immaculate, and during the chilly early spring season the room was cozy and warm. The side street the hotel is located on was quiet at night and we both slept very soundly. We would definitely visit again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very Clean Very Quaint Very Convenient	Montreal is full of so-called &quot;small hotels&quot; which are kind of a cross between a regular hotel and a smaller bed and breakfast. They often provide a free breakfast and have personal service, but they are larger and the rooms are more like regular hotel rooms than foofy b&amp;b bedrooms. These are often mom and pop outfits and can be of varying quality. On a recent trip to Montreal, our stay at the Manoir des Alpes was well worth the price: a clean, quiet, moderately appointed room, continental breakfast with many varieties of baked goods, friendly courteous staff, and best of all, more than ample parking -- which is difficult to find at a moderate priced hotel in Montreal. The location is great, it was one block from the Olympiad, a theater on St. Catherine street. Old Montreal is a 10 minute walk, and the contemporary art museum, the Bay department store and many other local attractions are within walking distance. In addition, the hotel is a block from the Beri-Uqam subway stop making it very easy to get around the city from this terrific location. We were very happy with the price and accomodations and will make this our first choice when planning future trips to Montreal.	
Apr 8 2009 	Exactly what I was looking for	Great location. The staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating. Very quiet. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would recommend them. I will stay there again.	
Feb 7 2009 	Rent by the Hour!!!!	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that it was very clean. It reminded me of the type of hotel you see on the TV that rents by the hour - very noisy at night with lots of people wandering around - need I say more?? Small rooms, very 70&quot;s in style and I would say it hasn't seen a coat of paint since the 70's either. It was quite seedy. A good central location but I would never go back there again or recomend it to anyone.	
Feb 7 2009 	Not bad for a weekend in Montreal!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights back in 2007 during an Easter Weekend. It was a last minute booking that I made over the phone directly with the hotel.I remember that compare with other hotels in the area this one was one of the few still available in our budget (about $100 per night).The room was clean, nothing fancy and met our expectations, since we were driving around Montreal and visiting places we just needed a place to sleep. The breakfast included was usual continental breakfast but it was all we needed.Parking was included as well, at the back of the building.As the person on the previous review said, if you avoid walking too far left on Rue St.Catherine as you come out of St. Andre from the hotel, you should be fine.	
Oct 13 2008 	Clean and convinient	We had reservations (pun :-) against this hotel after we had booked. The rates (115$ incl taxes - Thanks giving weekend price) seemed a little outside our budget and we were concerned about getting a raw deal. Needless to say our expectations were low. We had drawn alternate plans, in case the room fell below our expectations. The room turned out to be just fine. We looked for cockraches (as some of the other reviews claimed, had found, but found none :-). The room was smallish, yet spacious for our needs. The furniture consisted of a writing desk and a wooden cabinet and cloth hanger. The breakfast is modest, nothing fancy. The staff was friendly and helpful. As you come out of St.Andre to the left there are some sex shops. That might be a consideration if you plan to do some walking with kids in the evenings. But if you avoid walking too far left on Rue St.Catherine as you come out of St. Andre from the hotel, you should be fine.  There are two big pluses to this place - (a). It's location, off Rue St. Catherine is close to both the old city and downtown. The subway (Berri UQAM) and bus station are right around the corner. (b). Free parking in the downtown area. We found later that the hotel is rated in the Official Montreal city guide as a '* * *'.	
Sep 3 2008	Good place to crash park	This was my second stay at the hotel. It's a good value if you are driving to Montreal and do not want to be slave of your car after your arrival. I tend to leave my car and take metro at Berri-Uquam or walk. It is small, old school (room keys are actually keys, reservation book is actually a book), beds are hard (some people don't like that), not handicap accessible. There are a lot of homeless close to the hotel around the metro station, but not on the street of the hotel. I have stayed there total 7 nights in the past year and left/arrived that area on foot late in the night and didn't feel threatened. It is very clean for an old hotel and they provide continental breakfast. It's not the best but there is variety. They have supermarket waffles with fake syrup, muffins, Montreal bagels, croissant, cereal, whole and white bread (bagged supermarket variety) good coffee and OJ. If you just want to start your day but not a feast, that works for me. Both times I've stayed in the parking lot side, which was quiet. Corridor walls are not, so you do hear people coming late in to their rooms. Hot water pressure is good. Operable pane of the window was small so we used AC in the fan mode, otherwise small room tends to get stuffy. I would recommend this place if you want a clean bed to come to after a busy day in the city, where you know you can park your car and have free breakfast, all in budget. I would not recommend for people with kids, or romantic getaways.	
May 27 2008 	Very overpriced run-down and small	This hotel is extremely small and old. Furnishings are from the '70s and the place looks like it hasn't been renovated in decades. They made our reservation for the wrong week, then argued with us when we arrived (as if it were our fault). Noisy at night, and the breakfast was stale breads and instant coffee. Very disappointed, since we paid $120 for a room that was only worth, in our opinion, one star. The next night we stayed a few blocks away for $65 and got a large suite. I really wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone, unless everything else is booked.	
May 4 2008 	A bit disappointed	I've stayed here several times before (last stay: November 2007) and, generally speaking, have always enjoyed it. However, this time, it seemed to me that owner and staff have reached what I would call the &quot;threshold of indifference.&quot; Perhaps it comes with being in the business for quite some time, as the owners of the Manoir have been. A modicum of welcome and no interest at all in whether I enjoyed my stay. Key left and that's that. A further irritation was the cigarette smoke -- though rooms are all supposed to be non-smoking. Though I complained about the smoke (which sat in my room until the open window finally cleared the smell in the small hours), I was given the impression that there was little interest in doing much about it. This trip a definite disappointment -- and I will certainly think twice about returning. A shame.	
Feb 15 2008 	Decent Hotel on a Budget	Hi everyone!I have stayed at this hotel so many times, that I have lost count of the number of stays I've had here.The location is outstanding. It is in the heart of the gay village. One of the biggest problems I have is that because the price is reasonable, the rooms are clean, and the service is excellent, there tends to be a contingent of budget travelling families. (Not that there is anything wrong with that.) Some of these families tend to let the kids run wild in the halls, thus disturbing that much needed early evening disco nap that you (don't try to deny it!) and I need before going out to play for the evening.Gripe #2 in the same vein, is that you get a lot of youngish travellers who whoop it up pre and post party time. In fact, once, I don't think the party kids even made it out the door, and the jams that were going on when I left, were STILL going on when I came back at 5am. Christ in a Cab! I've stayed here 100's of times. I have never once seen a bug, and the rooms are scrubbed to spotless perfection each day. The staff is ALWAYS accommodating, friendly and polite. In fact, the owner pushed me out of a snow bank early one morning, when I was stuck! (I was in my car, goofy!)The continental breakfast is good enough if you are in a rush. I'm not a fan of hotel eats, take me someplace off the beaten track! Speaking of, there is a petit plethora of restaurants in the area (Mike's, St. Huber). Please don't disappoint me by eating at these places, when you are a just short trot away from places like Cora, Le Saloon, and Piccolo Diavolo. Ahem. Bottom line, a clean, convenient, decent place to stay for the single traveller who can deal with a few, generally noise related issues, and the traveller who doesn't require a chic, modern looking hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Not What I Expected!	I just returned from a weekend trip to Montreal, and I have to say, this place is not what I expected...AT ALL. To be fair, let me first say that if you're looking for an extremely basic place to sleep for the night, want to be close to everything, are very tight on money, and don't care what type of environment you sleep in, then this might be the place for you.We (my hubby &amp; infant daughter) wanted a place that would be in the heart of everything, near the metro, have free parking &amp; breakfast, and have a good deal on the price. It had all of that, but I was very misled by the looks of their website, and unfortunately, some of the reviews here (then again, it could have been my perception).When we drove into the area, I thought to myself, &quot;Uh oh.&quot; I knew it was kind of a seedy area from the reviews, but it was way more so than I thought. I grew up in a city, but didn't expect the hotel to be in surroundings as such from their website. Although there were plenty of restaurants open at night nearby (St. Hubert, Mike's, etc.), the area was more of a college/20-something scene. If you've got little kids, be aware that there's a 'peep show' place right down the block.OK, I'm really not trying to make this review sound very negative, but as I was saying, I was misled by the website, which makes things look very inviting and spacious. When I walked in through the entrance, I was surprised by how cramped the place was. It smelled of cigarette smoke (one of the two owners was puffing away despite the &quot;thank you for not smoking&quot; sign less than 3 feet away from him). Their &quot;reservation system&quot; was a notebook and pen, and they gave me a photocopied slip of paper to put on our car's dashboard for identification purposes (there was no attendant from what I could see). They also billed my credit card as soon as we arrived, rather than when we checked-out.The owners were friendly, and initially gave us a room with a queen and a twin, thinking that we would put my daughter on it at some point. But the room was so dark, cramped, and cold (corner room with two windows, and an emergency door leading outside) , I initially thought we might have to find another place to spend the night. The bathroom was better than the room, but I still didn't feel comfortable having my litte one sleep somewhere where it was so cold. And it didn't help that it seemed like this was a place where some people spent the night for a &quot;quickie&quot;, if you know what I mean.I asked for another room, and he said he only had one other left. It was even tinier and more cramped than the first, but at least the feel of the room was a little better, and the lighting was brighter. To give you an idea of how cramped it was, you couldn't move around in the room unless you closed the door. My daughter didn't have anywhere to crawl around. I kind of felt like we were a family that just lost all their belongings and had to resort to desperate means for a night or two. Hubby was kind of mad, told me never to trust review ratings again, and to stick with trusted budget motel names. :(Before going, when I read all the reviews about the ample breakfast selections, I thought that would at least make me feel better the following day. Not so. It was a pretty basic continental breakfast: croissants, chocolate pastry, bagels, cereal, coffee, and hot chocolate. The owner brought me a glass of orange juice, but I didn't have the heart to tell him I have acid reflux and it wasn't good for me. :) Overall, I wouldn't stay here again, nor would I recommend anyone (other than the single, budget traveler) to stay here. I just didn't like the feel of the place, even though the owners were friendly, and did assist us when we needed help with finding a late-night delivery place. They're nice, but it's just that the place isn't so nice for a young family. Unfortunately, it totally ruined our trip.	
Nov 2 2007 	Really very nice hotel!	This hotel is a very cute place to stay. Well located, near the subway and bus terminal, easy to go walking to all the city, even to the Biodome and surroundings (which are far from the city, about 1 hour walking). Prices are very nice to Montreal hotels. Room is very comfortable, clean, cute, bathroom with whirlpooll, and hair drier. Breakfast is delicious, with muffins, croissants, waffles, milk, orange juice, butter, jam, chocolate cake....very good! Front desk staff is very polite and solicitous. I really recommend this hotel!	
Oct 8 2007 	A Great Bargain in every way	I don't do much traveling, but I do visit Montreal about twice a year and I always stay at this hotel. $85.00 a night, includes Parking! In many places you would pay almost that amount just for the parking. Make no mistake however you are not getting 4 Seasons luxury at these prices, but it is clean and comfortable and friendly and convenient. Located just off St. Catherine in the Gay Village. Nightlife, which is what I'm there for, is located right around the corner. Yet the area around the hotel is generally very quiet. It's true that Montreal has a serious pan handler problem, not just in this neighborhood, but they are considerably less aggressive than the pan handlers in San Francisco whom I did find to be truly obnoxious and aggressive. One recommendation I would make to the management. It would be great if you supplied &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; signs that people could hang from their doorknobs. When I visit Montreal I frequently stay out all night and don't get to bed until after breakfast. Although I will usually ask the desk clerk to let housekeeping know that I don't want to be disturbed and they should skip my room I still often end up having to jump up from bed when they try to come into the room. I would sleep much better if I felt a little more secure about not being disturbed.	
Sep 12 2007 	Highly Recommended	Staff is friendly, rooms are smallish but spotless. Next time we’ll pay the extra $10 for 2 beds, if only to get the bigger room. Plenty of free parking. Good breakkie and a lovely dining area. Free WiFi that works well. Short 10 min walk to both of our favorite places: Vieux Montreal and Rue St. Denis. Grocery and liquor stores 1 block away. Major subway hub is 3 min walk. Neighborhood is borderline sketchy but not bad. Gf was fine with it, and she's picky. Anyway, one block and you're into the good section. At $102 USD including tax on Labor Day weekend, very reasonable. We stayed 4 nights.The 2 very negative posts below, obviously penned by the same hand under different names, should be ignored. I would normally have preferred to keep this hotel a best kept secret, but decided to weigh-in to help set the record straight, out of fairness .Our must do's in Montreal: Jardin Nelson in Vieux Montreal (great setting, food and service).Eduardo's restaurant on St. Denis (Italian, cheap, delish, clientele largely local, byob).Botanical Garden.Little Italy. A &quot;steamy&quot; hot dog &quot;all dressed.&quot; Skippable: The smoked beef sambo at Schwartz's Deli (St. Laurent). We didn't like it. Most people disagree with us, so if it sounds like your style, fall in line and try one.	
Sep 4 2007 	Good value clean convenient area a little dodgy	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 3 nights over Labor Day weekend 2007. The hotel is very convenient (free parking - there were still plenty of slots available when we arrived late Friday night/early Saturday morning at 1:30am) and easy to find. The rooms are clean, the staff are friendly and the breakfast is good. The only bad thing I have to say about this hotel is that the surrounding area is a little dodgy at night, but nothing that would turn me off going there again by any means. The location is really convenient, but if some beggars and late night revellers give you a fright then I wouldnt recommend it.	
Aug 24 2007 	Not bad but watch the location!	Not a bad stay, a pretty good value... especially the free parking. For some reason one night the hotel turned off the air conditioning just after midnight. A little annoying, but they turned it right back on when I called and asked about it. The biggest warning, however, is that this hotel is located very near a rather seedy area off St Catherine's. Since this was my first visit to Montreal, I wasn't sure about the specifics of that location... not really family friendly. Not unsafe mind you, just not what I expected. But if you know that going into it, and don't mind, then this place is a good find.	
Aug 22 2007 	Ok basic budget hotel	My husband and I recently stayed here for two nights in August. The room was very basic but clean and the staff was very nice. The free parking is a great asset in Montreal- and part of the reason that I booked the room. The location is pretty central - but not in a very nice area of St. Catherine's. I was unpleasantly surprised by the number of strung-out beggars in the area- some who were rather aggressive. We always took a cab back to the hotel at night. I personally would not feel very comfortable walking this area at night- and I have lived in NYC and other urban areas. The hotel itself was fine- but the location left something to be desired.	
Aug 12 2007 	Basic No-Frills Hotel in Convenient Location	My husband and I stayed here almost a week and found it to be a good bargain in a very convenient location. We had reserved a room with a queen bed for a very reasonable price, but when we arrived we were given a room with only a double bed. This room was rather small and worn in places, but seemed clean and functional. The price was even cheaper than what we had originally reserved, so we stuck with the double bed since we would not spend that much time in the room anyway.As budget travelers, we did not expect or require many amenities, although we did notice that several items we typically saw in 3-star hotels were not available here (there was no safe, no alarm clock, no fridge). As others have mentioned, there is no elevator, but we had very few bags so it was not a problem even though we stayed on the third (and top) floor. The free breakfast -- in a charmingly set up area -- was quite filling, with many bagels, croissants, danishes and cereal to choose from (although my husband wished for one or two healthier options like fruit or yogurt). There was also free parking and free wireless internet, although we didn't make use of either. The staff was generally friendly and helpful.The hotel is a short walk from the central Berri-UQAM metro station, which provides access to 3 of Montreal's 4 subway lines. (We bought weekly metro passes, and staying at this hotel made transportation incredibly easy.) The hotel is also fairly close to rue St. Denis, which is filled with restaurants, and even the Old Montreal neighborhood is not far away (we walked there when we had the energy).Overall, we had a good experience, and the combination of price and location makes the hotel ideal for a budget-conscious traveler who does not want to stray too far from the city sights.	
Jul 28 2007 	Downtown Convenience	My wife and I came here to visit Montreal and for the Police concert. We chose this hotel for its location and the value that it provided. Check in is at 1pm. Got free parking, which is a big plus Downtown Montreal. Outside blends in with the street architecture. Inside is clean. Staff is welcoming and friendly and can provide information upon request. There is no a/c in the hallways which makes it stuffy if hot outside. Inside the room a/c is very quiet and has multiple settings. The decor is a mixture of cottage, French and a bit of the 80s. Bathroom and room are clean, which is all you need when you're sightseeing in the city and don't get to your room until midnight. Rooms are not large by any means. Ours had a queen size bed. Very close to the Metro and St. Cathrines St, and walking distance to Old Montreal. If you are driving, you might want to bring your own pillow as these pillows are very soft, like pancakes. Also, the mattress is very soft, for those of us that appreciate a harder one. For those of us who want to spend our money in the city, this hotel will be good to your wallet.	
Mar 15 2007 	Great location	My friend and I recently visited Montreal and stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We were a little weary due to some of the bad reviews on here but they're all unfounded. The room price was very cheap, the room was a good size, very clean and well kept, the free breakfast had a variety of pastries, bagels etc..., free parking was a bonus especially in Montreal and it's very close to Sainte Catherine street and a 5 minute walk from Old Montreal. We had a great time there, the staff was very friendly and accomodating, I would definitely recommend it and would stay there again!	
Mar 10 2007 	Heartwarmed	My girlfriend and I spent three nights in this exceptionally pleasanthotel. Rarely do good price, good location, great service, and pleasant atmosphere combine under one roof--and they've done it. We stayed there a whole eight months ago and still talk about how nice it was. The staff was friendly and cordial, and the manager was grandfather-esque. Bizarrely there were many oversized mirrors everywhere, including in our small (but cozy!) room, though you couldsay they only served to magnify the charm. As others have mentioned, the location, at the price you're paying, is pretty unbeatable--and for those with a car, the hotel has its own parking lot. We wholeheartedly recommend this place, and we'll be back, I hope.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great Family hotel	A few weeks ago, my husband and I decided to make a last-minute getaway to Montreal (his first trip to Canada) and after reading many reviews hear, decided to try this place. They did have a room for 3 available on short notice and at a reasonable price. (Montreal does seem a lot more expensive to me than it did on my last trip in the 80's). Anyway, the hotel is great, the management super-friendly and helpful and the rooms spotlessly clean. I've never seen such a clean bathroom. I really can't understand all these negative reviews. Our room was perfect for us with a queen bed in the main room and a twin in kind of an alcove. There was free wi-fi access and cable tv and everyone enjoyed the breakfast buffet, especially the Montreal bagels. The hotel is also very convenient to everything and two blocks from a major metro stop, but also on a quiet street. If we decide to go to Montreal again I would definitely stay again at this hotel.	
Oct 26 2006 	Gem of a find!	I spend two nights at Hotel Manoir and had a wonderful experience. Granted I was in Montreal to see Montreal not to sit in my hotel room, but it was lovely anyway. The room was small but meticulously clean and well organized. Lovely hardwood flooring in the room and great service. The breakfast in the morning is basic - pastries, croissants, coffee, juice so it 's good for a quick bite before hitting the road. Caveat - there is no elevator to the second floor so if you're older or have massive luggage it may not be the ideal choice. It is the absolute best for younger folks flying in for a weekend, or couples getting away. Can't beat the location to price ratio. It's literally several feet away from Rue St. Catherine where you want to start all your touring. Great place!	
Oct 25 2006 	A perfect choice!	I was almost discouraged from staying at this hotel by two negative reviews on TripAdvisor. Thank goodness I trusted the other positive reviews! This hotel is a gem. It's affordable to begin with, but when you factor in the free offstreet parking and expansive continental breakfast, it's an absolute bargain. It's perfectly clean and the old world decor is very charming. The staff was courteous and friendly and helpfully (for us) bilingual. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 27 2006	Wonderful little find!	We JUST got back from a 5 night stay at this hotel and it was wonderful! It's right near UQAM (and just a few blocks from the Berri-UQAM metro stop), and only about a 15-20 minute walk to Old Montreal. It's off of St Catherine, which is THE spot for after hours clubs, but oddly you would never know it if you weren't planning to hit those joints. St Andre street is quiet, and we didn't hear a peep outside any night - got wonderful nights' sleep. The bed was comfortable, the room spacious enough (it's not the Ritz, after all), the room and bathroom very clean, and the staff friendly and helpful. You get a complimentary breakfast every AM (coffee, juice and muffins/cereal/croissants - nothing fancy, but as much as you want). This was a perfect home base if you're going up to check out the city. Note: the bath towels were a little flimsy and small (I use massive plush bath towels at home). Over all, I highly recommend if you don't have to be pampered and are looking for a good $$ deal.	
Sep 9 2005	I really enjoyed this hotel.	I always enjoy my stay at this hotel. The rooms are very clean and cheery. The staff is always so friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast is a plus. It's great to stay in the heart of the French Quarter. The Metro is just a couple of blocks away so you have easy access to the entire city. The price is very reasonable.	
Jun 16 2005	We came we saw we loved it!	The hotel was recommended to us by friends of ours who go there regularly and always talk about Montreal and that little place they enjoy so much. We gave it a try.To make things short, we enjoyed everything about our stay. We had a charming room with a queen and a single bed which is perfect for a couple and their child. The bathroom had a pretty nice size and was perfectly clean. The first thing we check in a room is the bathroom. You can say a lot about an establishement by looking at the bathroom and let me tell you that there was nothing bad to say about it. You could clearly see the cleaning lady took her work seriously. You fully deserved the tip we gave you... We also had one of those expensive quiet air-conditionning units on the wall, it was a welcomed addition. The parking was BIG. They have more space then they need, I couldn't beleive it. The breakfast was enjoyable, they have lots of choices so you can always pick-up something different every morning. My kid was always after those chocolate muffins.Did I mention that all of those are included in the rate they give you? I talked to the receptionist and he told me that they had budget, standard and deluxe rooms to choose from. So wether you're on a budget or not you'll always find something.I'll be coming back for sure. They told me the Just for Laughs festival is a couple of corners away. I think it will be worth it.	
Jun 12 2005	Caution!!!!!!! Stay away from this hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for the weeekend of June 3-4, 2005. I don't think I will ever go back. The staff was rude. The room has cochroaches. The hotel has no AC during the day. Spend the extra money and stay away from this place.	
Jun 5 2005	HORRIBLE AWFUL TERRIBLE!!!!!	DO NOT STAY HERE! There was cockroaches in the bathroom! It may be cheat and downtown but that is about it! The room was so small and smelly, once our luggage was down we couldn' move. The outside street was noisy and woke us up every night. Plus the front desk staff was rude and unfriendly. Take my advise spend the extra dollars and stay somewhere else.	
Jan 24 2005	A nice quiet stay in downtown	I wanted to visit montreal with my wife in the beginning of January. The name of the place did catch my attention so I went on their website. It was a bit dated but I was able to easily make the reservation by e-mail. I went there by car and was a bit nervous when I saw that parking in downtown was almost non existent even for that time of year. How relieved was I when I got to the hotel and saw their parking. I mean, it is HUGE! They could probably build another hotel in there. Now on to the hotel itself. Well let me tell you, this place is absolutely charming. I was a bit worried because the rate they gave me seemed a bit low for a 3 stars hotel but I figured we were in the low season. I had nothing to worry about: the room was perfect! Nice queen size bed, nice bathroom and most of all, it's very clean. There's nothing like entering a hotel room and feel it has never been used before. It shows the respect the establishement has for its guests.I had a nice chat with the night receptionist while having a tea in the breakfast room. He told me they had deluxe, standard and budget rooms. I was in a standard room but for just $10 CAD more I could get an even more spacious room.The breakfast was a nice surprise too. Croissant, chocolate breads, bagels, cheese... it's only a fraction of what they offer and best of all, it's all you can eat! The breakfast room is a nice open area where you can have conversations with other friendly tourits (we met a nice couple from Vancouver).Overall I would recommend Hotel Manoir des Alpes to anybody who wants a satisfying and quiet stay. They recently installed wireless high speed internet so next time I go there, i'll bring my laptop.	
Dec 10 2004	"Eclectic" decor = "charming"!!!		
Nov 4 2004	Friendly staffl		
Nov 1 2004	Good choice if on a budget in Montreal		
May 17 2004	Nice cozy little hotel convenient to all Montreal has to offer.		
Nov 9 2003	GREAT LITTLE HOTEL		
Mar 31 2003	Friendly Staff		
Feb 5 2003	A well kept secret!		
Jan 21 2003	Mixed bag		
Oct 17 2002	Beware of this hotel !!!!		
Apr 1 2002	Nice place to stay		
May 6 2009 	extra		
Jun 2 2007 	Muy buen hotel en relación a la tarifa		
