Oct 31 2009 	Good value for money located 30min from downtown.	My overall experience was good. I booked my room on booking.com on the same day and got a king room. However, when I got to the hotel I was told that the booking site is a little off with their updates as the king size rooms in this hotel have all been booked already 2 weeks before! I was given a double room though, and I received a $3 discount for each night for the inconvinience (I ended up paying $79 a night without taxes).I was happy with my room. I had also stayed at the Maritime Plaza Hotel in Montreal, and the room that I now got was almost like an identical copy of my room in there. One of the few differences is that in this one there were no lamps on the nightstand / beside the beds - there was only two lamps in the room altogether. Also in this room there was a fridge and they served modest breakfast downstairs. The beds were good sized and comfortable. The room &amp; bathroom were kept very clean. My room was on the side of the highway but the noise didn't really bother me even though I'm a light sleeper. (In fact, the people next doors who had their TV on pretty loud bothered me more than the traffic...)I also liked the fact that they have free wi-fi in the lobby and a washing machine + dryer. The distance to the Plamondon subway station is 8 minutes by walking, and at the other end of the station there is a small mall with a supermarket, Subway, Second Cup etc. The subway takes you to downtown in 10-15 minutes (depending where you get off), so the trip from the hotel to there takes about 30min with waiting times.All in all, I much prefer this hotel to the Maritime Plaza... I rather take the subway every day than pay 50% more each day just for the central location!... And after having said all that I want to comment on one last thing that wasn't so nice though: while I was using my laptop in the lobby, I was harassed by a begger who was let inside (I'm sure the person at the reception noticed him but chose to ignore it...). The begger would go around with a cup in his hands (you see quite a lot of them in Montreal actually, but in the hotel lobby and cafeteria too?!!!). On top of all, the begger didn't go away when I told him I don't have money, but he continued to question me about how much I would want for my computer!! When I said that I'm not selling it, he said: &quot;BUT I WILL PAY YOU...&quot; Hotel management, please do something about this, you can't let this happen repeatedly (yes, I did see him there on another day as well, without anybody interfering...)!	
Oct 28 2009 	Just ok but good value	We stayed here one night after landing late at night at the airport from London. It takes about 15-20 minutes to get there from the airport. For one night, this hotel is good as it's great value for money. We made the reservation on booking.com. We had a room overlooking the highway and there was some traffic noise despite the double glazing. However, due to jet lag we slept fine. The rooms are dated and could do with a little cosmetic renovations, but they are clean and very roomy. The breakfast which is included is pretty bad and is served by the reception. There is very little choice and everything is served in plastic cups and plates and coffee is from a machine. For one night, out of necessity, this hotel served its purpose. For a longer stay, I would not recommend though.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fine for two day stay - bearable just bearable.	This hotel was located right beside the highway on the utility road, meaning getting there during rush hour was horrendous. Best bet: use one of the side roads. The highway noise did not bother us as we were on the side facing away; the other side is supposed to have noise isolating windows.Location was so-so, it was walking distance to Plamondon Station (Montreal Metro - subway) but we would not want to walk around at night. Otherwise it seemed safe during the day.The major issue was the parking available. We had to wait for parking on the day we arrived and left our car there during the next day, not wanting to fight over parking spots, while we went sightseeing during the day (took the subway). It seems that a lot of people may be eating at the restaurant and leaving, though we cannot see many people parking and staying here (parking is apparently unallowed on the street).The breakfast was okay and basic, with pastries, fruit, juice, coffee and tea. It is located next to a snack bar type area. We did try out the free internet on a computer set-up in the lobby, but it was extremely slow and we worried about phishing software and the like (if software was possibly on it, considering how slow the computer was runningOverall, it was bearable, clean enough and was obviously renovated (obvious, as the old tiles could be seen behind the new white ones). Recomendable: the price was low for Montreal, but value? You stay and decide.	
Oct 23 2009 	Short trip to montreal	I must say that Montreal is a beautiful city and I will re visit.My stay at Quality hotel was 6/10.The hotel is in a convienent location off the highway, but the free parking is limited.The smoke free rooms are smoke free.The beds are abit hard and the pillows too soft. The front desk managemnet were polite and quick to answer my questions.Never had the continental breakfast so I can not comment.The walls between rooms were very thin and I heard everthing next door and outside.Overall: ok pick for short trip.... use the discounts from AAA /AARP	
Oct 21 2009 	in the hotel now - and wish I could leave...	Wow. I have just gotten some of the worst customer service in my life. Although the hotel feels run down and damaged, and although I am at the first floor right next to the highway, I was able to deal with these things.However, when I noticed that the bath didn't plug, I went to the front desk to ask for someone to check it out. She said she'd send someone right away. An hour later, I went back to see if it was going to be much longer. I was told &quot;oh... well the maintenance guy left and we're fully booked... There isn't much we can do, can't you just stick a cloth in it to stop the water?&quot; I answered that I just couldn't see that working. Then in walks the manager on duty, who apparently decided it was ok to let out some frustration on me. I was essentially told &quot;well what the hell do you want me to do about it? Just don't soak for 6 hours and you'll be ok!&quot;...great customer service. From the duty manager. Oh, and I should probably also mentioned that although the reservation was made over the phone and we asked for 2 days starting today, when I arrived this afternoon, I was told that the reservation was actually entered in the computer for 1 day, starting yesterday, and that by the way your credit card was charged because you didn't show up. No wonder I ended up in a crappy room. Because of THEIR mistake.	
Oct 20 2009 	Unrelaible	Arrived at 10 PM with a guaranteed reservation. Was told my reservation was gone (non smoking king) and all that they had was a double smoking.I pointed out that I had a credit card guaranteed reservation so why did they give my room away? Very rude front desk person just shrugged her shoulders and turned away to answer the phone ignoring me. I was polite &amp; did not raise my voice . There was nothing she was willing to do,in fact was relieved when i asked for a cancellation,she produced one in an instant. I left and found another hotel,settled in finally at 11:30 PM. This &quot;Quality&quot; hotel is a disaster. There is almost no on site parking ,filthy lobby and they do not honor reservations. Front staff is rude and indifferent. Pay more and stay somewhere else. Do not make the same mistake as me.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice value hotel	Nice hotel for the value. In a Jewish area with shul nearby. Free kosher breakfast consisting of toast and juice although bagels and muffins were stale. Nice clean room and swimming pool	
Oct 2 2009 	On the Autoroute - good value	I needed a hotel near NDG and Queen Mary and this hotel did the job just fine at agreat price. The rooms were clean and spacious. Overall the hotel has a rather run down feel to it but there are not many other options out of the Downtown area. The free wifi in the lobby was also a plus.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great hotel since renovation  friendly people LOVE IT !	I stayed at Quality Hotel Midtown few times, but since they have the new annex section with nice couches in the room great space and nice jetstubs baths I would definetly recommend this hotel for family and friends. They having a full complimentary breakfast with a selection of Kosher food as well and have 2 nices restaurants. Me and my friend enjoyed to go in their indoor pool as well, we had great fun in Montreal. Staff was friendly !	
Jun 1 2009 	Emergency stay	I am a nurse in St agathe Des montes. A small little town at the foot hills of the Laurentian Mountains.At the beginning onf Feb, we had a patient rushed in by ambulance with head injuries, from a fall on a ski slope.Since our hospital was not equipped for this type of patient, we transferred him to the Saint Mary's in Montreal. I accompanied the Patient by ambulance to Montreal. My hospital put me up one night at the Quality Hotel Midtown.the stay was really amazing. The atmosphere was peaceful and quiet. The amenities are really superb. it was a relaxing and enjoyable stay.this upcoming summer I am planning a trip to the Quality Hotel Montreal, with my family	
May 11 2009 	business/pleasure stay	Every year, I drive up to Montreal from boston, for a Dr, Convention.I usually stay at the Ruby Foo's hotel. Due to the hard economic times, I decided to cfind someplace a little cheaper. The Quality midtown fit requirment. the rooms were atleast 30% cheaper than those at Ruby Foo's. Let me tell you, the Quality hotel has beautiful rooms, and amenities.during my stay, I made good use of their indoor heated swimming pool, and sauna. It felt like i was back at home in my YMCA.Anyways, If you go to this place next year in the beginning of May, you will definitely see me there.	
Apr 27 2009 	Amazing stay	We stayed at this Hotel for a family reunion. We drove up from Boston, with our 5 Kids.We had an amazing stay. The rooms, are really well equipped with many amenities. On our last day at this Hotel, we made good Use of the Swimming pool, and restaurant.Would certainly, encourage family and frends to use this Hotel for family gatherings, and reunions.P.S There is a very cozy atmosphere to this Hotel.	
Oct 9 2008	Good choice for budget traveller	The location is not that good (motorway just infront) but the windows keep out the noise! Breakfast is basic. Rooms are quite nice for the price. Good thing is the metro station is just 4 minutes on foot. I guess for people on a budget it's a good choice!	
Jul 21 2008 	Quality; Yeah Right!	The check in was very poor:I had reserved a room with a non-smoking king bed for 6 nights only to find out at the front desk that no king rooms were available. This is a big problem, as when you reserve something, you expect to get it. After this I was placed in a queen room. As the internet is an essential service that I require when I travel, I immediately tried to connect to it. The internet in this room did not work. I called the front desk. The attendant came over and told me to try the internet in an empty queen room across the hall. The internet did not work here too. The attendant sent over a technician who confirmed that the problem was within the wiring and not with my computer. I proceeded to try the internet in several other rooms with the technician.  We finally found a room with functional internet. It was a non-smoking king bed room exactly as I had reserved. The attendant told me that I could stay in this room since the internet worked. I was astonished to hear that this room was available, when I had been told an hour earlier that there were none available. This is extremely unprofessional and unethical to tell a guest that a room is unavailable when in fact there was one available. I was told that this room was being set aside for another guest that was checking in shortly. Why would another guest have priority for this room over me when I had reserved it online and I was staying for 6 nights? The attendant then told me that she was going to have to disappoint the other guest by not having the room he booked available... The attendant failed to realize that she had done this to me just before and that what she was telling me was not my problem it was her's...  The check out was also very poor:Shortly after reserving online, I called the hotel to request a late check out. As I was at a conference until 3pm on my last day, there was simply no way I could check out at noon. I was told on the phone by the front desk that there would be no problem and that there would be notes on my file. When it came time to check out (noon, on my last day), I was at the conference while my partner was told to get out of the room because it was check out time. This was not what we had arranged. My partner told the front desk arrangements were made to have a late check out and that the file was noted. The front desk clerk responded by saying that other guests were coming and that we had no choice but to get out. Cleaning staff walked into the locked room twice while the room was occupied saying that my partner had to get out and that they had instructions to clean. This was a clear invasion of guest privacy. I quickly became involved as I had to interrupt my attendance at the conference and call the front desk. I was furious and demanded answers as to why I was initially told that there was no problem with a late check out, but now all of sudden there was a sudden urgency for us to leave the room. This was also very unprofessional. After a few minutes of arguing the clerk did allow for the late checkout. This is all without mentionning the poor state of the room: - the tub would not drain properly - several towels during the week were dirty with blood stains or yellow stains - the toilet was unstable - the bed was uncomfortable - the air conditionning only worked intermittently - the curtains were dirty and stained	
Jul 16 2008 	Reasonable value	Very clean room and toilette.Fridge and coffee maker in the room.Free internet connection.Very basic breakfast.Very convenient location.Friendly staff.Very bad air conditioning unit.	
Apr 22 2008 	Not as advertised	I booked this hotel since it is close to relatives I visited in Montreal. I drove in from the US so the advertised free parking was important to me.The hotel is an ok hotel but we experienced these several difficulties:Free parking exist in the hotel, but is very limited. In the two cases I came to the hotel in the evening the parking lot was full, and I was directed to park in the streets, explaining to me that it should be generally ok, but if I park in the wrong place I might be towed. For someone out of town not proficient in French (the signs in the street are extremely small and in French only) this is a major problem! Had I known that I wsould need to park in the street I would have booked somewhere else.Free Internet exists in the hotel, but the wireless network works only in the first floor. In the rest of the floors, like the one I stayed in, you will have to use the wired connection, and bring your own cable (since the hotel has no cable to spare)!The hotel has daily cleaning services, but when we returned to the hotel and my wife rested in the room she got a knock on the door at about 4:00pm by the maid who told her that she would like to clean the room now, when my wife told her that she would like to rest a little while, the maid told her that she is leaving in half an hour, gave her a couple of towels and left. This was the first for me in a hotel.The toilet bowl in our room was a kids toilet bowl (~30cm/12&quot; high).Other than that everything was fine.	
Feb 4 2008	We'll be back	We stayed at the Quality Hotel Midtown in early January 2007 for a long weekend. We were very pleased.We found the hotel to be spotless, the staff helpful and the location good. We picked up a bus outside the hotel front door for our friends' home but there is also a subway close. There was a wedding at the hotel the weekend that we were there but apart from in the lobby, we didn't hear a thing.We'll be back!	
Jan 28 2008 	confortable bed	After a 12 hour plane trip, we decided to stay the night in Montreal before heading back to ottawa. Called the Choice Hotels 1-800 and got this for 80$ + tax (around 93$). We got a room with a King bed which was very large, and the bed was very confie. The hotel is a bit dated, but very well kept.There seemed to be a problem with the heat control, as the room was rather cold and I couldnt get the temperature up.The breakfast bar was rather standard, with muffins, croissant, jams, coffee and juice. Free so I cant complain.There is a pool and a small gym.	
Nov 11 2007	superb service	we had booked reservations ats at the nearby Ruby Foo's Hotel for a Two bedded room.When we checked in after the wedding we came for., we were shocked to see a one bed room.we immediately asked to change rooms , however we were informed that there was no other two bedded room available.There was apology, or any move to give compensation.At any rate we were not in the move for an argument, so we justed checked out and asked were the nearest hotel was located.we were informed that there is a Quality a couple of blcoks south.we chechecked into the Quality midtown. the staff were very accomodating and professionalthe room and amenites also suited our style.would definitely stay here again	
Oct 29 2007	nice place	I came to Montreal with my family from Poland, to try and and get the nessasry working permit to emigrate to Canada.Before arriving, i called their 800 number to make a reservation, the front desk staff were very acomodatingas and did a good job explaining the services available.I booked. I for got to mention that they also arranged for their shuttle to pick me up at the airport. this made the trip alot easier, since we did not have start looking for a Cabwhen we arrived our key cards were already waiting for us.in the end we ended up staying at the Quality for about 2 weeks.we really enjoyed ourselves. Although i did not get working papers. i would still travel to Canada again for a vacation at the Quality Midtown	
Oct 10 2007 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at!	I am absolutly disgusted with this hotel. I am not from Canada, therefore did not know much about the hotels or options that were in this area. Booked in for a weekend because the website looked nice and the pictures of the rooms looked decent. Boy was I in for a rude awakening. We walked into the lobby and were greeted by a rude woman behind the desk. Once we got to the room, I realized that the website photos were very deceiving. In the bathroom, the shower shelf was held up by silver duct tape. Then, I tried to give my son a bath and realized that there was not a stopper for the drain. When I called down to the front desk, I was rudely told &quot; we dont have those&quot;. Finally I got someone from housekeeping to find me a stopper for the drain. In addition, We were there for three nights and did not sleep at all. There were about 20 teenagers in the room next to us throwing a party. When I complained, I was told that there were &quot;elderly people&quot; booked into that room. This is the kicker of the stay----the last night, the power went out! The staff was very rude to us when we asked questions about when the power was going to be back on. I would not recommend this hotel to a DOG. It is a pure scum hotel. I did not expect the four seasons, however also did not expect a slimehole.	
Oct 9 2007 	Worse hotel ever!!!	We call for reservation and the person at the front desk was like in a hurry, the guy was rude and not nice, well I said to myself, maybe he is having a bad day, we got there and we wait for 15 min to get his attention (I guess it was the same guy) his overall response to us was terrible, his face was a face of &quot;live me alone&quot;, he finally gave me the keys and we went to the room.....worse room ever, I was so disappointed that I almost turn back and run, but it was 8:30 pm and with two very tired kids at my side, we decide to stay the night. They charge us $145 the night and they say they are a 3 stars hotel, not even 1. The continental breakfast: not even a microwave to warm up food, and if you wanted to eat after 8:30, forget it, nothing there!!!!! Horrible Hotel, Please, do not stay there if you can!!!! I am thinking of contacting the Quality Inn costumer service to complain directly, that was a rat place!!!!	
Aug 24 2007 	Some dissapointment	We went to stay at this hotel around end of August 2007 after we see a greal deal online. Well, we always stay at 3 stars hotel all around so we are kind of expecting what to expect from a hotel at this level.Quality Midtown Hotel in Montreal almost hit our bar - but not entirely. The atmosphere of the hotel is extremely lacking. At a time of arrival, we were greeted with an overcrowded lobby, and then by a very unkind and unsympatethic receptionist (initial YS). We waited for several minutes before we were allowed to checked in (he was yelling at other occupants due to their late check ou). We proceed to the corridor of our room's floor and astonished by this weird odour smell throughout. Luckily our room were free of that unpleasant smell. The room was however clean and in good shape except that one lightbulb is off and the washroom is somewhat below our expectation.Breakfast at hotel is complimentary however truly lacks of quality and quantity! Croissant was all but edible (it was hard to bite and I highly not recommend). There was small machine of orange juice, coffee and hot water. They were all located in small tiny spot so that I feel a bit overwhelmed how we need to rush in to get our food. At that time there were someone praying out loud in the breakfast area and no staffs would remind him. The housekeeper who get our room cleaned also happen to forgot to put our towel back! this was very unacceptable in our pespective and even the staff who got to our room said this to be &quot;strange&quot;.There is only one small tiny elevator that operates in the hotel who might be a bit of inconvenience for people who dont like being pushed in a cramped space.	
Aug 9 2007	Good place to stay	We stayed at the Quality Hotel partly because of the kosher restaurant and while we weren't so impressed by the restaurant itself (food was OK but the ambience was lacking), the entire experience at the Hotel was fine. The room was clean. The location was great and everyone was welcoming and took care of us well. We would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 14 2007	Nice Pool	Our stay at this Hotel was planned three months in advance.we came in from Toronto for a friends wedding.our stay was made very comfortable with the additional amenites at the Quality Hotel.we had a fridge to put our food in. the Wifi helped us keep in contact with our children at home.the breakfast is not great, however it is a standard continental.group value for $	
Apr 1 2007 	Nice ambiance	My inlaws and my family, usually travel to Montreal, once a year for a Vacation. After alot of searching we decided that the Quality Hotel Midtown would suit our needs. Check in was very efficient. The Amenities and service were supberb. During our stay my wife started suffering from a severe tooth ache. the Front desk staff was very caring. All in all we had a great time.	
Mar 27 2007 	humours people	The staff at this property have a great sense of humour.I was greeted with a wide smile by the front desk staff. the check in went very smoothly.The room although not extremely large was very cozzy and tidy. My wife and myself really felt at home. the night auditor made sure that we got our requested crib for our newborn.The breakfast was American style cuisine.Most importantly the WiFi enabled me to open up my office away from home.	
Mar 26 2007 	sweet place	The Hotel staff are so hospitable and welcoming.it almost looked like they were trained to be niceThe cleaning staff did a beautiful job on my room.My husband forgot his keys in the Car, one of the Handymen, quickely helped us open the Door.their swimming pool and health area are really enjoyable.	
Mar 23 2007 	Enjoyable stay	I stayed at this Hotel because I was bumped off my flight.the Hotel is really well located in Montreal.the Amenities and the Free WIFI were really accomadating.would definitely come back for a Family Vacation	
Jan 5 2007 	Dim Lighting; Renovating; Still Good Value	This hotel is in the process of renovation. It did seem to advertise kosher foods in it's continental breakfast (very basic rolls, bread, bagels, some cereal..that's it). The fitness appeared to be well-equipped, but it was closed for renovation. The area is not particularly dangerous, but the hotel IS located plunk in the middle of the CITY area (a girly club was spotted an exit or two off the freeway exit for the hotel). There were signs posted in the lobby (which is actually pretty spacious) to watch your belongings. My main beef was with the lighting (in terms of number of lamps and their wattage) in the rooms. Friendly staff. Okay for a one-day stopover stay.	
Aug 17 2006	Scary....	I was passing through montreal and was only staying at this hotel for 1 night. Unfortunately when I drove into the parking lot, I found garbage everywhere, large pot holes and a lady yelling on her cellphone. The hotel has a lingering musty, mildew odour that someone has tried to cover up. This was only the beginning. We checked in at 6pm and housekeeping was still cleaning the rooms on our floor. The hallway &amp; room carpeting was stained and looked very old. The bath tub had pubic hair on the walls and in the tub. The toilet was so low to the ground that it felt like I was sitting on a kid's toilet. I was so digusted by the room that I checked out immediately after supper (didn't have much of an appetite knowing that I 'd be sleeping that mess). We checked out even though we had already paid for the room. I cannot believe they charged $115 for the room and I paid for it.NB: Another client complained of cockroaches in their room.	
Jul 5 2006 	nice place	I stayed at this hotel for a family vacation.this place is a great place to be at. when i booked my stay I was a little hesitant, after looking at other reviews, but I had a faboulous stay.the hotel staff are great.I look forward to staying with the Quality Hotel Midtown in the futur.	
Jun 12 2006 	Disappointing	The only thing this hotel has going for it is location. There were no major disasters, but a long list of minor annoyances that added up to a disappointing experience. I was with a group of colleagues. Some of us had rooms that smelled. Ethernet connections in the rooms didn't work; the ancient computer in the lobby functioned only intermittently. The phone in my room didn't reach the bed. Another room was missing an alarm clock. Breakfast was awful. (Surely, a kosher restaurant in Montreal can get bagels that don't taste like wet cardboard.) On the positive side, the front-desk staff were friendly and helpful. But this place needs to do some serious upgrading.	
Feb 23 2006 	great place	I travel to montreal of bussiness. quite often. I usually stay at the Ruby foo's.Recently a friend told me to out the Quality Hotel Midtown which I did.let me tell you that this is a beautiful Hotel. It provides great acommadations. The rooms have luxurious furniture and great ammenities.I will always stay at this Hotel whenever I come to montreal in the future	
Oct 14 2005	Would never go back or recommend!	My wife and I checked in on Friday the 7th of October and was given a room next to an area under construction. Althought we complained we were never relocated. That evening when we returned from an afternoon out we were met by an individual on our floor smoking marijuana. The entire floor stunk of marijuana and the individual was seen going in and out of a room on our floor. When we went to complain no one was sent to check out our complaint. We then pointed the individual out to the front desk as he proceeded to the hotel parking lot where he contiued to smoke up in a vehicle. We were given another room on another floor, however, when we got there the room was boiling hot (someone turned on the heat full blast) and the toilet was broken. At that point we checked out of the hotel. We have since asked for compesation but have been refused. I never knew a hotel would allow illegal drug use on there premises. We are persuing this matter further. By the way we ended up at Ruby Foo's. a little more expensive but well worth the difference and there only two minutes away.	
Aug 23 2005	best hotel in montreal	i stayed at the quality hotel midtown for the frist time last night. it was right from the check in i was greet by the most friendliest guy in the world. he not only offered a few interesting places to see and do. i have never found a hotel that was adequately price that offered almost 4 star service. while they have no pool the great kosher resturant is to excellent.	
Aug 2 2004	Hotel was decent enough but some issues	The check in was delayed since the room wasn't ready. Some cracks in the tiling on the floor (not sure what one could do about that, save replacing the entire floor) and a little knob was off above the bathroom sink. I couldn't figure out which jack was for the computer if it had dial-up and which one for the ethernet cable (being a non-techie person). Although the elevator does not light the button you press when going up it does record and allows you to get off at the requested floor.Continental breakfast was ok, but no fruit available. Luckily there was an IGA within walking distance and the room had a mini fridge. Only coffee available in the room. No tea bags.The bed was decent. The room could use an airing at times (but then again, I got soaked one afternoon and smelly socks and wet sneakers didn't help the situation any).	
Oct 5 2009 	Incroyable !		
