Oct 14 2009 	It's a keeper!	Ok...so this place is not the Ritz. In fact it is very basic. There was a bed, tv, dressers, a chair, coffee table, and bathroom. But it was exceptionally clean! Really, I didn't go to Montreal to stay in the hotel. It was only used to sleep and shower. So my main concern with a room is to make sure it was clean. It was very clean. Towels were changed daily. The hotel is also not in the tourist part of Montreal but it was a nice part of Montreal. It was very close to many DELICIOUS restaurants. Across the street from the hotel is Dusty's which is a great diner for breakfast. We walked to Old Montreal so if you're a good walker you'll be fine. We were only like 2 blocks from Mont-Royal park. It was a great spot and very cheap!	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Cheap Accomodation	The hotel is fairly centrally located, right next to a huge park and is clean. Beds are fine and the hotel certainly did the job. There is no parking at the hotel so you must park on the street which can be very tricky. We got a ticket which we were not happy about but c'est la vie. All in all, a good deal for the money nonetheless.	
Aug 26 2009 	What you pay is even less than what you get	Horrible service. Hotel is in the middle of nowhere: 20 minutes walk to the closest metro station. Parking (20 $ fee!) is behing the hotel where there is grafitti all over the place. I asked the front desk for a refund after II checked in and guess what, the lady said she couldn't refund anything, not even the parking... I called the manager after my stay and same answer... Brutal service, they don't care at all, they just want to make money... Hope they won't have yours. Do be fooled by the pics the have on their website: ask some of the back of the hotel. By the way, I called Bonjour Quebec so they can relocate me to another hotel...	
Jul 19 2009 	Good value in a fascinating district	My family members have used this hotel several times but this was the first time I had stayed there. We knew about the parking and as the room rate was reasonable decided to splurge for the convenience, I emailed the hotel to reserve it and had no problem, they replied almost immediately and when we got there, the receptionist knew all about it. One unexpected charge was $10/night for our fifteen year old to stay with us.The hotel room had two queen size beds which were comfortable, the room was a good size so we didn't feel cramped, though the bathroom is small. The interior of the room seemed in good condition though there was some peeling paint in bathroom. The hallways were a bit shabby. Most of the time we didn't hear much noise as the window air conditioner while not really loud set up enough of a background to drown out most outside noise. I did notice people in other rooms moving around early in the morning. There were no extras, no iron, hairdryer, coffeemaker etc.and I noticed that there was no waste bin in the room, just in the bathroom. The shower was excellent, lots of hot water though.The breakfast that was included was just cereal, croissants, toast and jam/peanut butter and coffee or tea. Enough for a quick start but not for a nice start to the day.The main advantage of this hotel is if you want to explore the Plateau district. It is a multi-ethnic and quite trendy area with lots of restaurants, bars and interesting shopping. One evening, we watched people practicing their tango dancing outside in one of the little squares that can be found in the area. On the other side is Mount Royal Park with a steep climb up the mountain (or you can drive).	
Jul 6 2009 	Clean hotel in fun neighborhood	This hotel is very clean and is located in a really fun area of montreal. You should note that this hotel is a walk-up and has 5 floors of rooms...so be prepared to walk up the stairs with your luggage. If possible request a room facing the back of the building, it is much quieter and peaceful. The bathrooms are a little small but they are clean and modern. The shower is really good and they have plenty of hot water. The breakfast consists of some cereal and a carton of milk in a basement room that is not very welcoming. We skipped it.The location of the hotel is in the plateau district of montreal. This is not a touristy area but there are many restaurants, cafes and local hangouts to try out. It is also located a 1/2 block from the entrance to Mount Royal which is a wonderful park to walk or to jog in. The downtown area is a 20-30 minute walk from the hotel, but there is bus service on parc avenue that takes you to downtown.The hotel only has 4 parking spots (20$/night) that you need to reserve ahead of time. We easily found free street parking for the weekend on the blocks surrounding the hotel (specifically on De L'esplanade). Overall, we were very satisfied with our stay and would recommend this budget hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great little hotel	I had read good reviews and done a lot of research on hotels in Montreal before a trip up there and this one came out on top as far as price through Expedia and customer reviews through 3rd party travel sites. Yes, there isnt an elevator, but Americans are too fat anyway and could stand to take the stairs once in a while. But you can walk and get to a great deal of attractions, cabs (if youre willing to pay the fare) can get you most anyplace else in the area in under 20 min, and there are usually places to park on the streets (although they are mostly metered). The hotel staff went above &amp; beyond, all of the front desk personnel we met were very friendly and extremely helpful. They made our trip better by being able to point out places to go and how to get there. They were also responsive to some complaints we had about noise- unfortunately the walls are thin so you can hear what is going on around you if other occupants are being loud. Bathroom is small, but wasnt really a big deal to us- it was kept clean and new towels arrived daily without fail. I will stay there again for sure when we go back for another all girls vacation.	
Mar 24 2009 	Terrible Experiencie - Stay Away!	This was the worse hotel I've ever stayed in my life.Far from all the attractions in a college area. Close to Mount Royal But still too far. When I first arrive with my husband the lady with red hair ( very rude and nasty) took my CC and already charge me for my full staying...I understand that's their service but I just HATE this type of service, I think it's really rude do this to a customer and with my hotels experience with 25 countries I've never seen this... and the worse... when we were leaving the hotel the same woman was arguing with somebody on the phone really loud(Gossiping) at work hours while she was arguing we were waiting for hour taxi for our final destination back home. She said that hour taxi was in the way and continued arguing on the phone , my husband and I got discusted by terrible customer service. The only one nice there was the arabe guy, he was very nice and kind booking the taxi for us, but he's there just at night during the day is the lady who's very unprofessional. The rooms was OK the shower too you get what to you pay for. But the hotel would be more appreciate if they have people more professional during the day.I dont recomend this hotel to anybody. It's very hard when you get upset when you are looking for a good time out of home.	
Mar 3 2009 	Try it you'll be pleasantly surprised.	I travel quite often, but when I travel with my family, I pay more than I care to and stay in a 4-star hotel. This time I stayed one night, sans family, and gambled on the Plateau Royal. What a nice surprise! The hotel was immaculate, the bed comfortable, and Margaret, the service desk clerk guided me to a free parking space. The one drawback is its distance from the Metro, about a 20 minute walk down Ave Mont Royal. On the flip side, it's literally across the dtreet from Parc Mont Royal, the gem of Montreal's parks and arguably the site of Montreal's best views. And the Plateau offers a variety of eateries and entertainment venues. If you stay here, grab a breakfast at Rusty's, a local indtitution and a great place to eat for cheap.	
Feb 24 2009 	Perfect Weekend Stay	I stayed at Hotel Plateau Royale for a weekend (Friday to Monday) with my boyfriend. I searched for hours on the internet for the seemingly impossible combination of a great deal, good location, and comfortable yet simple accommodations. Finally, I came across this hotel and it completely lived up to my expectations, even exceeded them.In February, Montreal is rather cold and this weekend it even snowed a few inches, but we got an amazing nightly rate. We spent three nights at about $45 American dollars per night for a big room with a king-size bed, private bathroom, and free wireless internet... that's insane! Staff are very very friendly. Housekeeping probably thought we were so annoying, as we were never out of the room when they came by. But on return to the room in the evening - fresh towels were there. The woman who checked us in had great energy and answered all of my questions. I was so nervous that maybe our reservations were not received, or that they would stick us in some gross tiny room with no windows and a single bed. Not the case at all!!Everything went so smoothly, our room was exactly what we wanted. King-size bed was very comfortable (and I'm picky about beds). I liked the little chairs set up near the window. I generally hate hotels, especially huge commercial ones, but my boyfriend felt uneasy about a bed&amp;breakfast type accommodation for this trip - Hotel Plateau Royale is the perfect happy medium. It's relatively small and homey (welcoming, informal and intimate), but we still had a satisfying sense of anonymity and simplicity.We actually spent a lot of time downtown, as we were visiting friends and doing specific activities there. The weather was at times frigid and parking short-term (although in warmer months the hotel has parking available at a fee) so we drove to most local destinations, in better conditions this hotel seems a nice walk to rue Ste-Catherine. But we did find a cute and relatively inexpensive local bar on Avenue du Mont-Royal (Est) called Le Boudoir (nice local art and free used books!) , as well as some nice shops and coffee spots. I hate feeling too touristy, and this hotel is within a cute, somewhat trendy, neighborhood that I wish we had had more time to explore! ONLY minor &quot;dislike&quot;: I would have liked a fridge to keep juice, wine/beer, or minimal food items, but only if we had stayed longer (so we never asked about it). Towels a little scratchy for me, but nothing horrible.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great location!	My boyfriend and I went to Montreal for the weekend and we knew we were going to be spending most of our time in the mile end district so we booked this hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised as it was down the street from everything we wanted to do. Also, the staff is extremely helpful especially the man from Lebanon who works there (I didn't catch his name but he was wonderful!) It is a prime location for walking all around. We booked through the hotel's site because that was the cheapest deal. I didn't know that you could reserve a parking spot so I highly suggest that you do that. It's $20 canadian/night but it's definitely worth it. The room was very big. Bathroom is very small. The walls are very thin so if you're a light sleeper, this might not be the best place for you. The breakfast is not worth going to, go get bagels instead or something. All in all, this is a no frills place, a great bargain, and a good find! I will definitely stay there again on my next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 4 2008 	Awful Experience!	On Friday, June 6th my husband and I travelled to Montreal for a wedding to take place on the 7th. When we arrived to our original hotel, we discovered there was an involuntary error on their part regarding our booking. Due to this mistake, they kindly assisted us in every way possible to find suitable accommodation as soon as possible. The receptionist on shift searched for a hotel in the immediate vicinity and found that Plateau Royale Hotel had vacancies with a pricing of $132/night for two. She also showed us the pictures with the pricing of this type of room we needed. She contacted the person in charge and was given confirmation that they did have a room available for that price. When she transferred me to the lady in charge, the lady sounded extremely polite and obtained my information right away trying to know the correct spelling of my card and number immediately. Once we arrived to the hotel, the lady in charge, a beautiful woman with dark hair and blue eyes was waiting for us with the bill ready to be signed. When I saw the price, $546.42, I inquired why if the price quoted on their website was different. She explained that it can't be because it's Grand Prix weekend and there must have been a mistake on the website. She also said that Room 18 was the only room she had because an Italian client had called to cancel his booking at last minute because there were problems with his flight. She sounded very convincing saying that I will have difficult to find places everywhere else because hotels were full, etc. I decided to sign because I felt I had no alternatives.When she gave us our key, we went to find our room and we were shocked! It was a dusty room in the basement. It smelled of mould and the window was facing what could be called half of a wall. There was no light and the place was awful. We got really angry and of course we decided to leave. We also had the receptionist of our original hotel called the lady to tell her that they had to rectify this immediately. She also told the lady that they had agreed as to what our price would be and sent her the link with the information.When we went to reception, the lady said that she did understand our frustration. She said she wanted to make us happy and understood that our original hotel always gave them referrals and she wanted to keep things that way. She seemed to have ‘found’ a room on her computer, opened a drawer full of key passes (not that they had no rooms?) and sent us to room 52 saying that she would be looking for the link because she was too busy that moment. We were able to see lots of nervousness in her because she did all the talking and almost gave us no chance to talk. She constantly repeated, “You came here, I did not bring you here.” We went into the room and it was not a room worth $546.42 at all. The sheets were clean, but the covers had stains inside and were a bit smelly. The bathtub also had debris with the traces of an old mat. I do have pictures of what I saw. When we went downstairs to ask for the original price we saw initially or a refund, she said that she could not do that because she was only an employee who earned $10/hr and she could just not reverse the transaction and then pay from her pocket. I said, “How come you credited a client’s Credit Card and debited her debit card.” She said she did it only because the client was paying anyway. She repeated again that we went to the hotel and she did not bring us there. Then she said, “You think that the rooms in the other hotel are better? I will not say anything but … I’d rather not say anything about the rooms in the other hotel.”The worst part is that she said that the link that we saw did not open. When we called the receptionist of our original hotel, she said that she believed this woman changed it because she could not open it any more herself. It just cannot be that three people saw visions when we saw the web site with the pricing on it. In the end, when I asked to see the lady's supervisor to get a refund, she said, “I’m the supervisor.” She insisted that it was in their regulations because it’s Grand Prix period and repeated, “You came here... We did not bring you here.” However, I was not shown any papers to this effect and I in fact think she is the owner of this hotel. It also did not seem to be full at all because it was fairly quiet. My question is, how come our money was so welcome and not us by the sound of her message saying that we went there and she did not bring us there? When we called the police, they said they would send someone. After almost an hour standing outside, we could not wait any longer and decided to go back in and stayed until the next day because we were obviously not getting any refunds whatsoever.	
Jun 16 2008 	A nice budget hotel - big room free WLAN	I suddenly got an inspiration to create a TripAdvisor account while I am still staying at hotel Plateau Royale! Yes, that's right, the free WLAN actually works (right now: 24.0 Mbps, connection strength: excellent). As some of the earlier reviews said, the hotel doesn't look too encouraging from outside but the room is very clean and huge. The room service works nicely, the bed is huge and the staff has been friendly so far.I am staying in Montreal for a workshop held at McGill University campus. The campus is about 2 kilometers away from the hotel, but I like walking so that's not a problem. The hotel is just next to the mountain/Mt Royale Park, I went there today for a walk. For those who like nature, trees and parks this location may be a good choice. The hotel is a bit far away from the downtown area. The walk to nearest metro station takes about 15 minutes.My room doesn't have a proper table to do work with a computer (I am writing this from the bed). There's one table which is too short, and another one which is too tall (the TV is placed on top of that one). This may be a problem if you're on a business trip. I need to edit myself some documents while my stay in here, and it's not very convenient without a proper writing table.&quot;Breakfast included&quot;. Yes, true, it is served in the restaurant on the opposite side of the street. But it was not mentioned anywhere that the breakfast price does not include neither taxes nor service fee. The breakfast includes two pieces of toast, eggs and potatoes, and a cup of tea or coffee. The value of the coupon that they give from reception is $4.Am I happy with this hotel selection and would I recommend my friend to go here? Certainly yes! The hotel is cheap, it's conveniently located next to the park, and WLAN works quite nicely.	
May 24 2008 	Surprisingly Great!	For a budget hotel, this place is simply great. From the outside you'll think you made a mistake booking this place. But for $65 a night we got a huge room with a huge king sized bed and a short walk from the lively cafes, restaurants and bars of avenue du mont royal. Has much more character than one of the downtown hotel chains that will cost you over $150 a night. A great surprise! But don't go for the views.	
May 21 2008 	ok but bargain	It was ok-friendly and helpful staff-The room was huge for $100.00But the sheets were a bit thread bare and the furniture was old. No iron in the room, which I needed.Thin-ish walls---Clean enough but outdated.	
Mar 14 2008 	Pleasant bargain hotel near the centre of all the hub-bub	We booked this place because it was the cheapest and we were on a tight budget. When we first arrived we were greeted by an incredibly friendly staff member who went out of her way help us plan our bus routes and even gave us a free bus pass that another customer had dropped off earlier. The room was unusual shaped, very long and narrow with a tiny bathroom, two double beds and a little sitting area with some chairs and a table. There was also a door in the corner which opened to a sprial staircase that went God knows where - I'm guessing it was an emergency exit but the staircase did not look like it handle the weight of half a normal person without collapsing. Our first impressions of the room were good. It was clean, smelled like oranges - but it was freezing. We turned the thermastat up all the way but when we went over to the heater (right under the window) there was little coming out. On our way out for the day we stopped at the main counter to mention the heat issue and the owner rushed to our room to try and solve the problem. Upon returning that night, the room was warmer - but still not too warm. Also, when I went to go take a shower that night, I realized that there was no warm water. The sink's faucet gave luke warm water sometimes but the tap in the tub stayed ice cold the whole time. I did not consider this a big deal at the time and so did not mention it to the staff. I regret this now as I could have possibly warned them of an underlying problem with the plumbing that may lead to the future ruin of the hotel and the owner's family structure. In conclusion, this hotel is great for the price. The staff are unusually helpful; it's located close to downtown and right at the bottom of Mont Royal; the room are nice and clean - quiet too; beds are comfy with even comfier pillows; and the only downside is the lack of hot water (which it didn't say IT HAD so I guess maybe I shouldn't expect it). Also ask about the supposedly offered &quot;free breakfast&quot; because nothing was mentioned to us about it once we were at the hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great little hotel	Spent three nights at the Plateau Royale Hotel. (same address - 4455 rue du Parc). We loved it. It was inexpensive, clean, quiet and had a lovely king-size bed with down duvet. Staff was pleasant and extremely helpful. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk north of downtown, but that was expected. Lovely location near Mount Royal - could see the cross from our window!	
Sep 17 2009 	Correct		
May 23 2009 	Facile à trouver et prix convenable		
