Sep 18 2009 	Good location friendly staff.	During my stay my room , which was cosy, was cleaned everyday, unless I asked them not to. We were offered a free continental breakfast on the weekend and the staff was very warm and made sure we were comfortable. The location was fantastic, we were walking distance for shopping and transportation was never hard to find when we needed it. Although it was a 2 star hotel, our service was better than a 4 star hotel. We had free internet and a mini fridge in our room. The 5 star hotels I have stayed in before alwalys have a fee for access of both these items. I would definately recommend this hotel for anyone staying in downtown Montreal!!	
Dec 6 2008 	Huge disappointment	Dorion is easily the worst hotel I have stayed at. The last two days of my stay, they did not clean my room. Though they did service the room the first few days, they did not vacuum. Other problems included cheap furniture, thin walls and doors, smoke smell in common areas, hotel laundry visible to customers, and most staff does not appear to be trained in the hotel industry. Hotelling is about service. Dorion seems to have missed that. I can forgive a lot, but not cleaning the room is just not right. Only half the staff were friendly, the other half did not even respond to a friendly &quot;Bon Jour.&quot;	
Jul 28 2008	Decent price friendly staff European 2 star hotel	I did extensive research and waited until the last minute to book something because I wanted to see if I could get a good last minute deal. I could have stayed at other locations for cheaper but decided to stay at the Hotel Dorion because of the review before this one.The Good: The staff was extremely friendly. My other only experience with lodging in Montreal was at a B&amp;B and the owner was not as friendly as the staff at the Dorion. Also, the location was literally across the street from the Metro and there was almost no noise coming from the strip club under the hotel (even though my window was directly above the club).The Bad: The room we stayed in needed serious work, the sheets had cigarette burn holes in them and the bathroom room was boarded up. We did not ask to be moved to a different room because we knew the hotel was probably full of similar type rooms. Also, despite the fact that there were no smoking signs all around the hotel, two staff members smoked while they were working inside the hotel.This hotel is a European-type 2 Star hotel (you have to have traveled in Europe to know what I'm talking about). I gave the hotel a 3 star only because the staff was friendlier than most 2 star hotel staff but really the hotel is 2-star quality.	
Jul 15 2008 	The Gay Village's best place to stay for its convenience service and price.	I have been staying in the Hotel Dorion during all of my stays in Montreal for the last 15 years due to its convenient location in the Gay Village and because of its reasonable prices. During my recent stay at the Hotel Dorion, I was pleasantly surprised by all of the improvements in the hotel since my last visit two years ago. A new wing has been added which is nicer than the old section with its attractive, clean, modern rooms and with air conditioning. My room also had a refrigerator and a fabulous Jacuzzi. Other improvements are that the hotel now offers a continental breakfast on weekends, fresh coffee is available 24 hours a day and the hotel now has wireless Internet service. The most noticeable improvement is the competent new management of the hotel, especially Joanne, who is a delight to be around and who is completely on top of the situation. Raymond and Carlos were also very helpful to us and very friendly. The bilingual staff provided good service and a friendly atmosphere at the Hotel Dorion. Everyone that I encountered was very accommodating, such as helping me with driving directions or making sure that I have fresh towels and everything that I need in my room. I like the fact that the staff, obviously, cares about their guests. With the new improvements at the Hotel Dorion, I wouldn’t consider staying anywhere else in Montreal. For convenience and service at a reasonable price, it is the best place to stay in the Gay Village. I would definitely recommend it to my friends!	
Oct 8 2007 	affordable hotel in montreal's gay village	even though this hotel is located directly above club taboo (gay strip club), it is very quiet. plus the staff members are very nice and the rooms are clean.. a metro (subway) station is located very close by as well as banks, grocery store, and of course gay clubs. old montreal and chinatown are within walking distance. my only reservation about this hotel are the staircases......they are fairly steep so you'll get plenty of exercise even while walking up to the front desk area. be sure to ask for a non-smoking room if you don't smoke.the hotel dorion is a good place to stay regardless of what your budget is.	
Aug 6 2006 	Hotel Dorion Friendly Clean Great Location..	I stayed at the Hotel Dorion from Christmas through the New Year 2006 and I believe it was a good value the price..The 24/7 staff was very friendly, it has a secure entrance that you have to buzz to gain entrance..It is within walking distance of the Gay Village..The linens were clean, there is no room service, but they will exchange towels, sheets, etc. if you bring them to the front desk..They have a continental breakfast on weekends which is ok because there are some great restaurants nearby..The Metro Papeniau is across the street, a supermarket on the corner, a Drugstore on another corner, The Taboo [----] club and bar downstairs..The showers can however be kinda tricky with the hot water adjustments..I am returning this winter and I will be staying in the new addition..The rooms are suppose to be larger and quiter..We'll see..	
Aug 10 2005	The Dorion is nice if you are a smoker	The Hotel Dorion was quite nice, seemed to be recently remodeled, bathrooms were new, and there were no problems with noise from the bar downstairs from the 3rd floor, which is where I believe all the overnight rooms are located. The A/C in the room was provided by a window unit which was noisy but not any more so than units I have owned in the past. The staff were very pleasant. However the room absolutely reeked of tobacco smoke, to the point that I had difficulty breathing and felt really sick at points. To be fair the hotel has no-smoking signs plastered all over the place, so this is mostly a case of the patrons being . However one would think they could install those very sensitive smoke detectors as they have in airplanes or take some other kind of measures to solve this problem. In any case I would recommend this as a great budget hotel for those who smoke or live with a smoker and are used to the smell. Otherwise, look elsewhere.	
Feb 13 2005	Great low budget hotel in the gay village	Located in Montreal's gay village, and above a male dancer bar, this hotel is popular with gay men. Whilst the music from the bar downstairs was not loud, this isn't a quiet hotel - 'though you can certainly get a good night's sleep okay.  The gay village is buzzing with bars, clubs and restaurants so this is an ideal location for anyone on a budget like I was ($60 Canadian) wanting to be able to walk back after 3am.  The room was adequate. Clean room and linen, comfortable bed and enough space. Color TV with cable channels, air conditioning, telephone in the room. The ensuite bathroom was very small with a shower but, again, adequate.  You enter the hotel by a buzzer at the front door, reception is on the second floor. Video cameras monitor all coridoors which are clean and well lit.  Breakfast is only available at weekends, but there is a fab. cafe just across the road. Subway is just one short block from the hotel. Nearest bar is ten yards from the hotel.  Hotel address: Hotel Dorion, 1477 Dorion, Montreal H2K 4A4. Tel. ------------ or toll-free ------------ 	
Aug 2 2009 	Plus jamais!		
