Aug 23 2009 	It was like sleeping on a rock in the standard room.	The staff were all nice and pretty friendly with good English. I was staying for 3 nights on business and I tagged on 2 extra nights for leisure at the end. I wanted to have the charges go to my business credit card for the first three nights and to pay separately for the second two. I told this to them when I called to extend my stay from 3 nights to 5. Then I told them this when I checked in. Then I told them again when I asked for a room upgrade after the first night (I'll get to the reason for this in a second). After all this, I ended up with 4 nights on my corporate card and 1 night on my personal card. Was this really so complicated?More significant was how uncomfortable the beds were. I originally booked a standard room. I don't need to have anything fancy, just a comfortable place to sleep. The mattress might as well have been made of rock. I had a lot of trouble sleeping and my lower back was really sore the next morning (which made my first day of work a lot harder than it had to be). The next day I had to ask if they had anything more comfortable. I know it wasn't just me being picky since I had a friend along with me for the trip and she was just as uncomfortable as I was. We got upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra cost, but they had already booked all the deluxe rooms for the last day of our stay so we had to go back to a standard room. The deluxe room was really pretty basic. I think the beds in those rooms should be the &quot;standard&quot; ones. The standard room we got for our last night was pretty atrocious. In addition to the super uncomfortable beds, the toilet was running (though it was pretty quite), turning the air-conditioning down seemed to turn the heat on, and the sound on the tv was really fuzzy no matter what the volume was set to. On top of all that there was a constant swishing sound like we were beside their washing machines or something.The location was good for my work, but I should have moved to a hotel downtown for the rest of my stay as it wasn't terribly convenient for the leisure side of my trip. It was walking distance to a metro station, but it was a good 10 minute walk. They had a shuttle bus that would take us to the metro for free, but that doesn't help for the trip back to the hotel after a long day of sight-seeing or a night out. The metro ride itself was a good 25 minutes to get downtown, of course depending on where you're going downtown.The outdoor pool was nice. The first full day we were there the hot tub was out of service, but it was back up and running for the rest of our stay. It was good and hot. The indoor pool didn't really look very nice but I didn't personally use it so I can't say how good it is. There seemed to be a bunch of kids there who really liked it.	
Sep 1 2008 	Don't Trust the Pictures!	I booked a 4 week stay at Auberge Universel to be close to work. After one night in the musty, outdated, uncomfortable room I had to upgrade. A short list of the problems include stains on the mattress, mold on the grout, junk tv, and horrible wifi connection. I must say, in comparison, the &quot;Deluxe&quot; room (which isn't so deluxe) was a paradise. The mattress was actually comfortable, the TV was newer, and the bathroom was bigger. After two weeks I decided to cancel and re-book downtown, it's worth the cab ride. If you stay here - UPGRADE, it's well worth the $20 per night!	
Apr 9 2008	enjoyed our 10 day stay at the auberge universel	we stayed at the auberge universel for 10 days as our son was taking part in the swimming olympic trials at the nearby olympic stadium. We had a room on the 4th floor which was spacious and clean. There are no complaints about this hotel. There were no problems with the elevator and lots of stairs so getting up and down was not an issue. Because of the swimming trials the hotel was fully booked and yet our rooms were always cleaned by the time we returned from morning prelims around 11am. Food is quite pricey but was good. There are quite a few cheaper places to eat within a five minute walk of the hotel. The shuttle was great although we walked most of the time as its so near to the stadium. We paid half the amount of other clubs in the downtown hotels per night. Reception staff were very helpful and friendly. We had athletes on various floors and nobody had any complaints about this hotel. I hear the renovated rooms are very nice but we were perfectly ok with the standard rooms.	
Mar 29 2008 	Cleaning Service TOO NOISY	The front desk service was great, but we couldn't sleep! Because the cleaning service was extremely noisy early in the morning. I don't recommend it if you want to sleep. Do not park in the underground parking because the concrete structure is crumbling, and my vehicle was cover in tinny rocks the following morning.WARNING: the quote we were given upon checking was different when we checked out.	
Dec 8 2007 	WARNING: NEVER waste your money there!	I had never visited Montreal before and because of my horrible experience at the Auberge Universal Hotel, I will NEVER visit CANADA AGAIN !!!!From the outside it looks like a whore-house/motel.....Rooms:-POOR QUAILITY. THE WEBSITE IS MISLEADING!. My room resembled the projects in New York City.-Very dark, and creepy (peopled looked into our room through the windows, even with the curtains.-Smelt like smoke (even though non-smoking). My asthma was at its worst here.-Thin walls allowed me to hear the &quot;moans&quot; of my neighbor and the screams in the hall way.Location:-IN THE MIDDLE OF NO WHERE!-Nothing interesting in the area (not even the dome, so much so the government is considering closing it).-Few restaurants are NASTY, DISGUSTING, and EXPENSIVE!!Amenities:-POOL: disgusting water, paint chipping off the bottom and rubs off on skin. EXTREMELY shallow (best to swim in a bathtub). -JACUZZI: water never hot, needs cleaning, only 2 persons can be &quot;jetted' at a time.-SAUNA: cramped, room for 2(a very intimate 2), not hot at all.-GYM: no problems; pretty basic.Staff:Receptionists: Very nice, but MAKE SURE YOU DOCUMENT AND READ EVERY TRANSACTION MADE THERE!!!!!-English is ok, but be very specific!! I asked for the TOTAL of my stay at the hotel and was told &quot;the total stay for both nights would be $130.&quot; At the end of my 2 night stay I was charged close to $300. (They meant the total PER night was $130, but did not even apologize for the misunderstanding).Administration- Not reliable. Very hard to reach, and EXTREMLEY aggressive and RUDE over the telephone. As an excuse for their incompetence, they LOVE to stress that their staff speaks &quot;BOTH English and French&quot; very well. Don't let them use this excuse with you.	
Oct 20 2007 	a disgusting dump from the 70's	I normally only stay at franchise hotels but I was booked in here as part of a group. The lobby and restaurant are very nice, but that is where it stops! We were put in a room on the 5th floor and the minute I walked in it was like a slap in the face. The room is totally unrenovated with stucco on the walls, a worn out FILTHY carpet, black mould on the bathtub grouting (A LOT OF IT), old worn out bedspreads that were pilled all over and in general very disgusting. Old is one thing but if it were clean it may not have been too bad. In this case the dirt collected behind the furniture and around the carpet baseboards had been there a long time. i pulled out the night stand, OH MY GOD! then I pulled up the chair cushion and trust me you would not want to know the filth there. I have seen cleaner motels. The next step is to either check out and find another hotel or see if there is a better room. After voicing my disgust with the front desk I was moved to a room on the 7th floor and I must admit that this room is up to most of the industry standards. So if you are planning to stay here it's BUYER BEWARE! The duty manager did mention that the 7th floor has been renovated, so ask for that floor. The rest of the place is a DUMP!	
Sep 4 2007 	No problem but avoid the smoking rooms	This is a large hotel with conference rooms but located a bit away from downtown Montreal. The lobby is good, the hotel restaurant is VERY good. The location is ok; it's near the Botanical Gardens and the Biodome and Insectarium but it's a long walk. The hotel offers a shuttle to these places and also one to the subway.The rooms are ok - nothing special. We had to take a smoking room and it smelled as expected.We left another hotel for this one and this was smaller, smellier (because of the smoking room) and less conveniently located but the lobby and the slightly more modern furniture suited my family better - though I preferred the original hotel. So we compromised - which means they had their way totally...	
Aug 11 2007 	No problems at the Auberge Universel	Booked hotel through [-] which I highly recommend as they have some great deals! Upon checking-in the front desk even commented, &quot;Wow, that's a great rate, how did you get that?&quot;. Stayed in a King-bed non-smoking regular room #526 to be exact. Room was as described on their website, clean, comfortable though a bit dated but certainly not bad. Front desk was friendly and helpful, spoke english very well. When we called for extra pillows and towels they were delivered within minutes. Bath soap is &quot;european-style&quot; - in a dispenser inside the shower/tub and for body/hair. If you have longer hair that needs conditioner, bring your own. We did so no issues there. If you will be there for 3-days to a week, buy the 3-day Tourist pass for the Metro or a weekly pass. Hotel provides free parking and a free shuttle service to the Viau Metro Station which is also about a 10 min walk away (not bad). Grab a card from inside the shuttle if you are tired or the weather is bad, you can call the hotel from the station and they will send the shuttle to pick you up again. Hotel has restaurant which we didn't try so I can't comment. Interior pool was on the small side but fine, also has hot tub and sauna in same area. Exterior pool looked good but we didn't go in as it was a cool evening when we went to pool. Hotel is within walking distance to the Olympic Park, Botanical Gardens, Biodome and stadium also you can walk to a couple restaurants on rue Sherbrooke (turn right from hotel lobby). Nothing exciting but at least there are options. Overall, this was a good deal considering what the hotel offered and convenient location. Please note, this is NOT in the heart of Montreal but the metro makes it very quick and simple (and safe) to get there. Also, it is NOT the Ritz either, but certainly a decent place to stay if you are on a budget and want a safe, clean, convenient place to stay. I would stay there again.	
May 16 2007 	was good to be back	Used this hotel in late 90's when travelling for buisness and catching the odd Montreal Expo's baseball game. (short walk to Olympic park). I Drove in from Quebec City for a hockey tournament with my 9 year old and my wife . Couln't believe the change as I had not been in Montreal lateley because of less travelling for work. The Service was very good as in the past and the rates stayed rather competitive for the location. Also pleased to notice many familliar faces still at their post from my previous stays. Many improvenents such as new furniture in rooms , beautiful lobby, pool, parking for free is also another + .and good restaurant too. Good work..	
Mar 5 2007 	Best kept Secret In Montreal	Booked directly through the hotel after being impressed with the website. Jennifer who took our resevation was sweet. The room we booked was as extraordinary as discribed by the pictures on the web and moreso in person.New upholstered rooms with soft underpadding, high-end simmons pillowtop mattresses (we peeked), duvet cover white on white with pin stripes with matching pillows to boot. New TV, new lamps, free WIFI which was great, his &amp; her kimonos on the bed when we arrived...simply fantastic for a 4 star property (no name brand) at a fraction of the price of the major brands.The Front Desk Staff should be commended as well as the restaurant staff with their buffet breakfast starting at 6:30AM which my husband thought was great...and I loved the price at less than 10$.We truly recommend while in Montreal! Doris!	
Nov 17 2006 	Would never stay again ~ even for free!	Stayed here two nights this month for business. The hotel was recommended by a local business collegue. The outside of the building is tolerable at best. Even the lobby isn't too bad. It has a nice bar area, restaurant etc... But the nightmare begins when you step onto the one and only elevator to get to your room. Checkin is on the 2nd floor, so beware that you could end up in the &quot;basement&quot;. Whenever the elevator doors opened I thought I was going to die. Dirty, Dark, Dingy carpeting. Stucco like filthy walls. Drab, Old and tired looking. It almost looked as though I should be on television, shooting a movie in a &quot;seedy motel&quot;. Totally disgusting! Our room was dirty and in serious need of a remodel. We marched right back down to the desk to change rooms and they let us see two other rooms. Unfortunately... Our room was in the best shape out of all of them. I considered sleeping in my car. We needed to stay because it was late and this hotel is within close proximity to the business meetings. The air conditioner blew in a steady stream of stale cigarette smoke and when you turned off the air, the heat kicked in and heated the room to an intolerable level. Strange, suspicious looking characters walking the halls looking like they are robbing rooms too. Did not feel safe and slept with a chair holding the door handle. Horrible experience...never again. Not even if it was for free. Restaurant food gross and expensive. If there was one positive thing, I'd have to say the free parking. As long as you lock your car!	
Oct 21 2006 	Old tired weak	I stayed here one night on a business trip and booked this only due to my client's recommendation as the closest hotel to the early morning meeting I had.And that's the only really positive thing I have to say: it was close to my meeting. The building exterior is a 70's-soviet-block-style concrete bunker.Once you're inside the lobby area is relatively nice.The hallways are drab with low ceilings and institutional feel, as are rooms. All the basic amenities were there (TV, minifridge, etc.), but the decor and ambience were depressing, the bathroom and vanity area was very small, the ironing board was the flimsiest thing I have seen in the hundreds of hotel stays I've had in the last decade and so forth.Service was OK, but indifferent. No 'automatic' checkout that business travelers expect, had to stop at front desk to check out.I did not eat here so can't comment on the restaurant.Everything in the room was basically clean and serviceable, but I feel the 4-star / AAA 3-diamond rating is off by at least one point.The other other hotels I've stayed in Montreal have been fantastic in comparision (Le Saint Sulpice, Auberge Bonaparte).	
Sep 19 2006 	Rude Staff	I booked two rooms for eight people at this hotel to visit the nearby LaRonde amusement park. After visiting the downtown area for a few hours, we returned to our rooms around 2am to grab a bite from the restaurant (which is open until 6am). Within a minute from arriving, a woman down the hall left her room to complain to security about the &quot;noise&quot; coming from my room, though we had just arrived. A minute later, security banged on my door to tell me that if we did not quiet down, they would &quot;evict&quot; us. Than they proceeded to the other room registered in my name and threatened to evict my friends, who were sleeping in their beds and were making no noise. The next day, security called to see how many people were in one of the rooms. At the time, two people from another room were visiting, so there were six people. Security asked how many people were in the room, and assuming he meant how many people slept there, my friend said 4 people. Security told them they were WATCHING THEM THROUGH THE BEDROOM WINDOW and knew there were 6 people. Later, as a friend left one room to visit another, a security guard again threatened to evict us for having more than 4 people in the room. My friend asked if it was okay to visit the other room, and the security guard just glared at her and stormed off. In addition to having a complete INVASION of privacy, the staff was rude and hostile, especially because we are American. I'll gladly take my $200 elsewhere next time. I have never been more infuriarated with a hotel in my life!	
Jul 10 2006	The lobby is nice that's the only part	We stayed here for 5 nights. It was a softball tournament. The lobby looks nice for the money spent, still a little expensive for what they have. The rooms are small &amp; need to be updated years ago. The beds are uncomfortable (hard as the floor ) The a/c didn't work well either. In the morning everything had a wet feel to it, which when we left the hotel your clothes would have a odor to them. Our bathroom sinks water did not turn off completely, so you had to be careful using the blow dryer, the outlet was right next to the sink. We had a few issues with our room, the fridge &amp; tv didn't work. we notified the front desk 3 times over a 5 hr span, nobody came to fix them. So they just switched our room. The indoor pool is small compared to the pictures they have advertised. The so called hot tub is not that hot, only reached about 90 degrees one time durring our stay. Another inconvience is that they only have 1 main elevator for the 7 floors. So you always had to wait for the elevator. The hotel gift shop will convert money for you but I suggest that you go down the street to the bank. The gift shop would give you 1.05 can for 1.00 us the front desk would give you 1.08 can for 1.00 us . On the way home @ the border they will change 1.10 can for 1.00 us . be careful check the exhange rate. I would not stay here again unless it was free.	
Aug 17 2005	If you like your vehicle - Do Not stay here!	The hotel is located in a poor section of Montreal. Yet, it does not have security cameras in the parking lot or any secutiry guards. Our Chevy truck was parked directly in front of the hotel next to large dark color windows where the bar is located. The hotel wants patrons to think it is secure because the parking lot has a gate. However, anyone can pull a ticket and present it to the desk for a token. The token is then used to open the gate to leave. We noticed plenty of tokens are sitting in a bowl on the desk. We went to a police station to file a report with a family from Michigan who had there plates stolen. A few months back Montreal police were assigned to watch the lot until the lefts trinkled done to a few now-and-then! The hotel also states that they have sprinklers (for fire prevention) in there brochure , but we could not find any in the hallways and they were none in our room. If you value your life and/or your vehicle-- this is not the hotel to choose.	
Apr 1 2005	NOT a Four Star Hotel	The web site for this hotel is very misleading as it only gives pictures of the new renovated suites but only the suites, the lobby and the restaurant have been touched since the hotel's opening. The halls and regular rooms are dark and the halls clearly haven't been painted. Even with all the lights on during the day the room is still dark. We requested to be moved in to a suite and it was better but smelled horrible. We returened home to find our clothes smelling like the hotel. While the executive suite seemed nice and luxurious, many things are broken and the stained-glass doors barely open. The bathtub no longer had many of the installed features but at least the suite wasn't as dark as regular rooms. However, it is one of the few hotels in the east end and the others are for the most part motels. The Auberge Universel isn't the advertised four star hotel but it serves a purpose.	
Jun 4 2004	Good hotel in useful east side location	I enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Auberge Universel. Everything was in good working order and my room had a fine view of the Olympic Tower (also the Pom Bakery next door...) The hotel bills itself as being across the street from Olympic Stadium, which technically is true; it is across the street from Parc Olympique, and one only needs to cross the street once to get there. However, the stadium is a ways south in this large park from the hotel, and if you're seeing the Expos, and need to go in the one place where tickets are sold, it's really the equivalent of at least a five-block walk. Still, the location is very useful; this probably is the closest place you can stay to the stadium, and likewise it is very handy to all the attractions in that area, like Biodome, the botanical gardens and insectarium. (It's also across the street from the large Olympic Village apartments). It's not terribly far from the metro either if you want to go downtown. Free parking (they give you a ticket to come and go at the front desk) and a reasonable rate give it a leg up on the pricier downtown hotels where parking can be very costly. There are several large restaurants within a few blocks going up Sherbrooke away from the park. Externally, it's grey, cementy looking construction--which fits in kind of well with the Olympic era things built a decade or so before the hotel. Not a beautiful hotel from the outside by any means, but the area is clean and safe. I'd gladly stay there again--I just wish the Expos would still be there next year!	
Nov 1 2009 	A recommander		
Jul 23 2009 	Séjour estival		
Mar 31 2009 	Bon service - Bon repas		
Aug 15 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Dec 27 2007 	Respectueux ses gens		
