Oct 21 2009 	Cheap centrally located clean - what more could you ask for?	First the one negative: it's surrounded by strip clubs and sex shops, so if you have kids or are easily offended, don't stay here!Now the outrageous number of positives: if you book ahead with the web deal it's insanely cheap compared to anything else. It's located walking distance to a huge number of tourist attractions, and it's .5 block from the Metro station if you need to go further. The staff have been very friendly, and finding out it was our first trip to Montreal have made sure we knew about all the places we should go see. Parking is right around the corner in a guarded lot, and only costs $12 CAD a day. The rooms are lived in, but clean, with a sink and towel racks in the room itself. The bathrooms are huge and clean and well lit. The heat works very well. There is free Wi-Fi with a strong signal.It is an area that gets a little rowdy at night, so sleeping with the windows open is definitely out, but each room has an A/C in the window.Oh, and bring your own alarm clock - that isn't provided. All the other usual stuff is.I would definitely stay here again, if coming to this area.	
Aug 28 2009 	Don't You Just Love A Bargain	First let me say I am used to traveling alone and all over the world. I am a (young) 45 year old female business owner that is in shape. You'll understand shortly why this info is important.I found this hotel on the Web. I shop first location then for price when looking for a hotel. I dont like spending a lot of money on a hotel room because you only sleep and shower there (at least that's all I usually do!!!) This place was less than half the price than the other hotels. And in my opinion well worth it.I did read the other reviews on TripAdvisor and I want to address both the bad and good that other people had to say. Its always intersting that people can have such conflicting opinions but be in the exact same place. Some times even at the same time!!!I wanted a hotel that was close to everything so I could walk. This hotel is centrally located: it is about a 10 - 15 minute walk to Old Montreal, 10 minute walk to the Quarter Latin/Chinatown and 10-15 walk the other direction to all the shopping. (OMGoddess is there SHOPPING! it is dizzying!) For what I wanted to do on this first trip to Montreal this hotel was perfectly located.Now - just where it is located: right on St Catherine and yes, people, there is a sex shop next door (I took a picture for you to see). And an Opera across the street. And Plaza de la Arts on the next block. If that is going to freak you out then stay someplace else. Yes, people brought children into the hotel. We all lived. The reception desk is on the second floor. You do have to go up two flights of stairs to get into the hotel. You will have to go up two or three flights of stairs to get to your room. This was not a big deal to me as I exercise for a living. To many people it would be a big deal to not have an elevator. I suggest you start a regular exercise program - then you'd have no issues with a few stairs.The room was clean. I did a shared bathroom which was clean as well. And so was the bathroom below which I used if someone was in the one next to my room. I would stay here again if I came to Montreal. The staff was very nice and friendly. And no, the place was NOT A BROTHEL. If it was I certainly didn't notice. And it certainly didn't affect (effect?) me if it was. If you want a fancy hotel, with an elevator, a spacious room with expensive linens, lotions and potions and fancy soaps, etc. this is NOT it. But you aren't paying for that either. So please don't complain if that isn't what you get. HELLO!!!!!!!Parking was not available on site. There is a $10 outside lot you can park in. I have a BMW so I chose to park in the Plaza De Arts secure underground lot for $15 a day located 1 1/2 blocks away. (Note: you cannot get into this parking area on Sundays to park but you can get out!! CASH ONLY) You can unload your luggage in front of the hotel then go park your car.Be sure to eat at Boccacino's on McGill College - awesome food both breakfast, lunch and dinner. And right next door is Les 3 Brausseurs (spelling) great beer and great food! Old Montreal is really beautiful. I enjoyed the shopping on rue St Paul much more than all of the junk stores in many of the underground areas. Sitting in the park is quite pleasant. I can't tell you about nightlife because I have been there, done that 15 years ago and I'm not interested in doing it again.Montreal is an extremely easy city to navigate. I used a map. No problems what so ever. You can get this map at this hotel.I hope folks find this review helpful. Happy travels!	
Jul 13 2009 	Everything alright	Nice place, right in the center of the city. It's a great place, since it is located right at the main road, you go for shopping or dining. Even night entertainment is all around. Rooms are ok, nothing fancy, everything is rather old, but everything is clean, bathrooms are recently renovated. So it is nothing special, but for that price everything is alright.	
Jun 9 2009 	Best budget location	We stayed here during the Grand Prix, and you can't beat the location for the price. Metro and bus on the block, or walk to the downtown shopping, Chinatown, trendy restaurants up St-Laurent or Vieux Port.If all you need is a place to rest your head at night because you'll spend the whole day touring the city, this hotel cannot be beat.	
Apr 23 2009 	Clean Budget Hotel very conveniently located	I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions (whenever I visit Montreal)... The convenience of its location for the price is astounding! No matter your interests - museums, art galleries, cultural performances, shopping, festivals, old Montreal, Chinatown - all are withing walking distance! As well, everything that is not within walking distance is conveniently accessed through the Metro located across the street from the hotel, so you can easily find your way to the Bioderm, the Casino, numerous parcs, etc...The rooms of the hotel itself are quaint, historically decorated, keeping with the 'European' theme of an Inn. The bathrooms are shared but cleanliness is outstanding. The studio rooms are quiet, each has its own kitchenette and bathroom facility, and are quite roomy.... The airconditioning gives comfort even in the hottest months!And the review would not be complete if I would not mention the front desk service - always willing to accommodate your needs (towels, extra pillow, etc...), as well as giving you information about the best attractions and places to eat, and directions as to how to get there. They even offer to make your reservations for you, or call for a taxi!Yes, there are nightclubs, street dwellers, and prostitutes around (just like in any big city center), but you can feel safe walking alone even at night because you will also see the tourists as well as the locals with their families enjoying the night life, the restaurants, the festivals... and you can feel assured that once you've entered the hotel, you truly are home!	
Apr 13 2009 	It is a brothel!	We received a recommendation from a friend who said it was a good hotel for the price. The rooms and bathrooms are clean and the service is nice. Everybody is very attentive and polite. Unfortunately those are the only good things in this place. The location is close to a lot of Montreal top ten places to visit, but it's a very weird neighborhood with lots of protitution and drugs. Like other users said my husband also saw lots of protitutes going up and down to the rooms. We had to stay in the first floor and it is very noisy, the hole night we could hear people talking, loud music, cars and I don't know what else. It was two very terrible nights and nobody could sleep properly. It was really not worth it!	
Sep 9 2008 	Great for an overnight getaway on a budget	Visiting friends in Vermont...We drove up for an overnight stay and grabbed the last room available here. My friends had stayed there before. The 3 of us shared one of the &quot;suites&quot; that have small kitchenettes included. For our purposes the hotel was great - within walking distance to everything we did - dinner, drinks, clubs, etc... Was great for a quick getaway on a budget. We certainly had no grand expectations, but the service was friendly and the room was comfortable. Did not notice any loud neighbors, and our room did not overlook a street. The window a/c unit was great white noise.	
Sep 1 2008 	It is actually a brothel!!!	At first I thought it was a great price for a hotel...Ok let's try it...but I when I walked in (the front entrance) I saw two prostitutes walking down the stairs. I promptly walked out... I continuously saw prostitutes walking in and out and hanging around the entrance to that hotel. If you don't believe me, just pass-by there around 6 a.m. every morning.	
Aug 6 2008 	A home away from home	I have stayed at the Abri du Voyageur every summer for the past 13 years. I have travelled the world and have stayed in low budget to five star rated hotels. All I can say is that I have consistently been thoroughly impressed with this fine boutique hotel. What I have enjoyed about the hotel is the European feel it has...reminiscent of stays that I have had in Paris and Rome, with shared bathrooms on every floor. Yes, the bathrooms are shared, but I have never once felt that they were unsanitary or lacked &quot;hot water&quot;, etc. I find that this hotel is fantastic for people of all ages and backgrounds, and since many European travellers stay here, it is a fantastic opportunity to meet new people from all over the world.The staff at the Abri du Voyageur hotel are fantastic--from the front desk staff, Carole, Nicolas and Diane in particular to the cleaning staff, Sylvie, Veronica, etc. As you can see, the staff put in the extra effort to make you feel like the Abri du Voyageur is a home away from home--so much so that they consistently remember my name when I walk in the door, ask what I was doing during the day, and make suggestions of daily and evening activities.Yes, the Abri du Voyageur is located in an area that historically has been rated as a &quot;red light district&quot;..but the area is changing drastically. I've actually enjoyed staying here because this area has been extensively written about by famous Quebec playwrite Michel Tremblay as &quot;La Main&quot;...this is a very historical area. With the changes in the area, this hotel is located right in the middle of the entertainment district. The last time I stayed here, I decided to stay in one of the studio apartments. How lucky was I to be able to walk out of the building and right into the middle of Les Francofolies, a French Canadian musical festival...right outside the door!I really don't understand people's lower ratings of this hotel. As I have said before, this hotel has a very European feel about it..and it is inexpensive. Really, I can't understand when people have five star expectations for a lower budget hotel.In all, as I have said, I truly feel that the Abri du Voyageur hotel is a wonderful place to stay in Montreal...it is in an amazing location...right in the middle of everything. If you are willing to be open-minded and open to having an fantastic time, then this hotel is for you! Give it a try!	
Jul 24 2008 	Unusual but pleasant	L' Abri du Voyageur is a funny place in downtown Montreal, where to spend few days if you want to visit this town being based in a very lively place.The hotel is placed in the &quot;hot&quot; quarter of sex shops and nightclubs but don'be neither scared nor impressed! It's bland indeed, there's no risk and the area is quite safe. When I chose this hotel I felt confident in what reported on the Lonely Planet guide and must confess that description of this place is really truthful. My husband and our two kids (10 &amp; 8 years old) rent one of the &quot;studios&quot; of the Abri du Voyageur since we preferred to have a private bathroom (Hotel rooms have shared services). Despite the access to the studios can appear a bit disquieting(located in a more desert road at the rear of the Hotel), we were positively surprised by our little apartment: basic but spacious and clean, big bathroom and a very useful kitchenette that we used for breakfast and dinner . There was also an air conditioner (a bit noisy but necessary during those hot days in Montreal). The lady at the front desk was very nice , friendly and helpful taking care to inform us about all attractions, activities and Jazz festival in those days . The kids were so delighted when she offered them two beautiful pens as welcome present of the Hotel for its guests!Overall, I can say that if you are looking for tranquility far from noise, luxury &amp; comfort, or any sort of amenities, don't choose l'Abri du Voyageur , but if you are looking for a simple and funny place, in a lively and nicely chaotic area in the heart of the town at cheap rates , absolutely go to l'Abri du Voyageur!	
Jul 24 2008 	It ain't the Ritz but a good budget option	I was a bit nervous about this place after reading the negative reviews on TripAdvisor, but my stay was totally fine. I booked this hotel for my mother and myself after finding it in Lonely Planet and checking out its website. We were looking to save a little money but still be well located within the city, so we thought we'd go Euro style and book a room with a shared bathroom. It was $80 a night for a room with 2 double beds-- and this was during Jazz Fest. So all seemed well, and we were set for three nights. The good: $80 for two people in a downtown hotel is not too shabby, even considering the shared bathroom. The location was right in the middle of Jazz Fest, super close to the Place des Arts, half a block from the metro, and about a 10-minute walk to Chinatown and Vieux Montreal. Parking in a secure lot around the corner was $10 a day, excellent for a city. The bathrooms were clean and relatively private, if a bit small. Our room was large, with 20-foot-high stamped tin ceilings, vintage moldings, and huge windows on two sides. The staff were on duty 24 hours and were always incredibly friendly and helpful (and fluent in English). There's a convenience store just around the corner, which is handy if you want to grab a water or something.The bad: Our air conditioner was CRAZY loud. It would cycle on and off continually (which was distracting at night), and when it would suddenly cycle on, it was kind of startling. And a little hard to hear someone across the room. It did keep the room perfectly cool during some hot, muggy days, and we never did ask to change rooms or have it looked at, so I guess it wasn't the biggest deal ever; but it was probably the worst thing about our stay.The reality: The hotel is in the &quot;red light district&quot; of Montreal.... which is pretty tame. Yes, there is a sex shop next door, and there may be a transient sitting on the steps from time to time. If that's something you cannot deal with, this hotel is not for you. If you want something clean, safe, affordable, and well located, this is a fine option.	
May 13 2008 	Disgusting	My boyfriend at the time booked this hotel for our Valentine's-week holiday. He booked everything and assured me it was going to be a great place. My biggest thing is cleanliness, and this place did not deliver. I was grossed out first by the washroom. We could hear people having sex (loud and clear) through the paper-thin walls. When we found out our stove in the kitchenette didn't work, we asked to be moved (we had to go down the hall, down the stairs, out the building, around the corner, up the stairs and waited to be buzzed in to the lobby. You know the hotel is in an unsafe area when you have to be buzzed in to the lobby during rush hour). We were given a new room a floor up from the first. So back around the corner, etc, etc. When we got up to the new room, the bathroom was just as grungy and the bed had pubic hairs in it. We again demanded a new room. The third room was down the hall from the original. When we tried the door, it had been chained from the inside and someone said &quot;Hello?&quot; from the dark. At that point I decided we were finding a new hotel.Being Valentine's Day, we had to stay there one night as there were no other rooms to be had at a reasonable rate. The night we slept at this place I kept all my daytime clothes on for fear of touching the linens - so much for a romantic Valentine's Day! The next day we booked into the Travelodge, which was slightly smaller, but had the cleanliness standard I expect. It was only $100 more for the week and still close to everything. And best of all, we weren't given an already-occupied room! Moral of the Story: DO Believe the bad reviews. They're true.	
Mar 2 2008	perfect for travellers on budget..perfect downtown location	i stay here everytime i visit montreal. the standard rooms are not the best if ur looking for quality bubecause of shared bathroom but its private once u get inside,. if youre looking for more upscale, you can try the studios in the same motel for more money, but theyre much much better. you get private washroom and kitchenette and room is much cleaner and newer looking. perfect location right in downtown, great helpful staff, and couldn't ask for more. i tried other low budget motels in mtl and this one is the best value for your dollar. feel free to contact me further for details.	
Dec 17 2007	Not quite the Hilton!	We stayed here on a recommendation from other travellers but we think they were confused about the location! The place is cheap and clean enough but not really much for relaxing in. Its in a red light area that during the day is OK but less inviting at night. I did not really feel safe in the hotel, fire trap and re-enforced doors make you wonder about prior events and that you should hatch an escape plan but all worked out OK. Oh the hole in the wall above the bed was a nice touch! The staff were friendly and helpful and its in walking distance to attractions. I wouldn't stay here again but if you want cheap, wont spend much time in your room and not too worried about the rowdy night life outside the window then maybe it would be OK. Otherwise Don't stay here!	
May 20 2007 	Excellent Budget Hotel	This is an excellent budget hotel. The rooms and common areas were spacious, clean , comfortable and well maintained. The shared bathrooms were also spacious and clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is on the intersection of two major roads - one takes you to downtown, shopping areas and theatres. The other takes you to Chinatown, the old town and the Mount Royal district. Bedroom windows have double glazing so the noise wasn't a problem. Most of the tourist attractions are within walking distance. The hotel is in a small strip club area, but I (a female) wasn't harassed and I felt safe all the time. There is very good securtiy at the hotel - someone is onsite 24h a day, the front door was locked and the rooms had decent locks. Some of the floors are on a slight slope and there is no elevator, so if you have mobility problems you might find it easier to pay a bit extra and stay elsewhere. I enjoyed my stay here and woud defintely stay again when I return to Montreal.	
May 3 2007 	Appalling - would never go back	I cannot understand how this hotel has ever had a positive review - some of the rooms must be better than the one I stayed in! My room faced out onto the street, and because this is not a nice area (it really isn't), there were frequent, noisy fights outside during the night. The second night this erupted into some pretty serious violence.The room itself would have been quite good (spacious and reasonably decorated) but the floor of the room was on a serious slant - so much so that I got a sore hip from my bed being on an angle! This is pretty reflective of the overall standard of the building, which also seemed to have dodgy floorboards and stairs.The communal shower in the hall didn't have hot water. On the second night the electricity to the building disappeared in the middle of the night and still hadn't come back on by the next morning (this appeared to be specific to the building because the rest of the street looked fine).The one good thing was that the staff were helpful and friendly and when I asked to leave on the second day of my ten day stay, they refunded my money without question. I would never go back though. I suggest that if people can afford to spend slightly more, they go the the Hostelling International place in the city centre, which is a great place and where I enjoyed the rest of my stay!	
Dec 4 2006 	Not worth it	I stayed at L'Abri Voyageur for three nights in November/December 2006, and don't plan on making that mistake again.First, the good: my third-floor room was spacious and clean. The hotel staff were very nice. The hotel is in a terrible area, but is walking distance away from most of Montreal's main sites (Old Montreal, the port, Chinatown, the Palais de Congres, etc).The bad: The neighbourhood is dangerous. Homeless people congregated on the steps of the hotel all the time and I had to step around them to get in. There are two nightclubs very close to the hotel, and the noise kept me up all night. The walls are very thin and I could hear everyone walking by and the person in the next room opening and closing his drawers, watching TV (my set didn't work because the reception was terrible), and talking on his cell phone. The bathrooms were gungy. There's two per floor.There's no elevator, so that's something to take into consideration if you want to stay here, and I also advise you to bring your own alarm clock if you want to be woken up on time. The hotel doesn't provide it.	
Jul 3 2006	Quite an adventure	Visited in May (single male traveler) and have to say that this really is a great bargain. I stayed in the suites section and had a large bedroom, kitchenette (with all appliances and conveniences - for those who want to shop and eat in occasionally), private bathroom and plenty of space. Portable air conditioner, TV included, no telephone and no internet capability in room - some kind of intercom was on wall but didn't have to use. Room was very clean and quiet for the most part. Not straightened up one day during my 9-day stay. Finding hotel was easy once you understand all the one-ways and maneuver the traffic (which is menacing). Arrival was hurried as parking in front of hotel is limited, then you walk up flight of stairs and quickly check in. Suites are around the coroner, and parking (private but very inexpensive) is a block behind. Once you get parked, you have to bring luggage back to the suites (roadwork going on and confusing entrance). I had a room on the 3rd floor and the climb was daunting. If you are elderly or have problems getting around, this is not the ideal setup for you. Parking was okay on weekends, however, weekday parking filled quickly with people who worked in the area. Sometimes have to leave key and have attendant park when space opens up. Not a big deal though. Conveniently located in &quot;center&quot; of town within walking distance to China Town, Old Town, and most &quot;tourist&quot; sites. Walking distance to all kinds of restaurants and major malls nearby. Yes, the area does look kinda seedy, but I felt pretty safe, and I wandered about all hours of day and night. Rental car came in handy because I wanted to visit Quebec, otherwise, the metro system and buses are everywhere.	
Apr 13 2006 	Hotel With Personality!	Hotel is within easy walking distance of the convention centre and wonderful specialty shops. The rooms are clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rates are very reasonable.The hotel has personality. The room I stayed in had hard wood floors, an original oil painting, and an old bank vault for a clothes closet.The neighborhood has tatoo shops and sex shops, but felt very safe, and I was out until around mid-night fairly often. The odd night there was some noise when the bars let out, but that did not keep me awake. People concerned about night noise can ask for a room away from the street.I would give his hotel serious consideration if I was going to Montreal again. The hotel is one of the few travel bargains available.	
Jan 7 2006	Not what you expect	First, the location: Next to a tatoo/piercing place, accross from a romantic(?) shop, and a street off several sex shop! It is however a block or so from the Desjardin complex which is nice and convenient.Second the room. We decided to go for the renovated studios with private bath. Those are not in the same building that the main hotel, but off a side street. There are 4 of them. The studios are nice and clean. The sound proofing is terrible so your stay will depend on the other customers. We stayed four long nights there (We had paid in advance!...big mistake!). The first two nights, we didn't sleep! Third, there are not elevators.The steps are very steep and made of metal. Finaly, the safety in that building is lacking.If I can advise you, check out the Hyatt regency hotel in the desjardins complex (their room were only $20 more and so much better!)	
Nov 28 2005	This place is great!! Don't believe the bad reviews!!!	I'll start with a disclaimer-- this hotel is probably not that well suited if you're travelling with children, but otherwise, its great. We stayed at the studio apartments, so i don't know how the other rooms are, but the studio is great. The reason this hotel is so cheap is that there IS a sex shop right nearby, but this in no way should deter you from staying there. The area is safe, it's a 5-10 minute walk from the Old Port area, a 10 minute walk from downtown, and barely a 20 minute subway ride to the Montreal Casino. The subway is literally up the block, less than a minute walk.The studios are great, and include a fully equipped kitchen. Our studio was very clean. The only downside was that there was no phone, so bring your cell phone.Overall, i greatly enjoyed it, so don't believe the bad reviews about the &quot;area&quot; that its in. The location is incredibly convenient to pretty much anything you'd want to see in Montreal.	
Oct 5 2005	beware of location	For the record, I did not see the rooms. Once we arrived, we were so turned off by the surrounding area, we just decided to pony up, pay some more &amp; go to a cleaner, more decent location. Street is full of sex shops, prostitutes, and druggies, homeless people. Just not want I want to be around when I'm on vacation. Was trying to save money, but it's really not worth it, if you're going to be scared to venture out or even not have a lobby or somewhere to hang out when you're done with the tourist thing. As far as the location, the places we ended up with were just as good. Metro makes everything convinient.	
May 24 2005	Abri du voyageur : Nice and Clean	Price and location are this hotel's main selling points, but it also manages to squeeze in some unassuming charm: high ceilings, bare-brick walls, original pine and maple floors, and paintings by local artists. Excellent value for my little budget !	
May 23 2005	really liked it	Stayed here for 3 nights in a single room w/shared bathroom. As they advertise, I found the place really clean. Was surprised to find well-kept hardwood floors in the guest room. Air conditioning worked well too, but didnt need it much... TV didnt tune much in though, but no big deal.The shared bathroom is one where you walk in and lock the door and have all to yourself... its not the several showers and sinks in a row like you might find at the ymca or a youth hostel. Quite nice.Staff was great too. No problems here. Great budget choice; suited my needs just fine. Would consider returning!	
Dec 20 2004	Great Location! Great Deal!	Just returned from having stayed a couple of nights at L'Abri du Voyageur and would highly recommend it. We stayed in one of their studio apartments. It's located around the corner from the main establishment. The room was clean and comfortable, and you can't beat the price: $70 a night (that includes the taxes) for an apartment with kitchenette and private bath.Yes, the neighborhood is a bit of a red-light district, but as a woman in her 30's, I never once felt uncomfortable. One of the universities is nearby (UQAM), so there are many students around. The Metro stop is less than a block away. Chinatown and Old Montreal are an easy walk. Great location! Great deal!	
May 27 2004	great location great staff convenient clean safe.	Upon reading the other reviews here, I was a bit nervous about staying at this hotel. Budget was my main concern, and I decided to go ahead and risk it -- I'm so glad that I did. For $50 USD / night this hotel is the best value I've ever come across. The bed was very comfortable, the room was clean and air conditioned, and while the bathrooms were shared it was possible to lock yourself in -- no gang-showers or anything like that. The other thing this hotel has going for it is location, location, location. It is right in the heart of Montreal walking distance to everything, centered at the cross roads of downtown, chinatown, old town, le plateau (St. Dennis), cheap parking is close, as is the metro green-line. Yes the hotel is in the &quot;red light district&quot; but this is a very different thing than a similar neighborhood would be in the united states. I was traveling with my girlfriend and at no point did we feel offended or unsafe. The extent of the district is about a block and a half -- very small. Probably not the best location for a catholic family vacation, but for singles or couples not offended by the presence of strip-clubs this is a great stay. I liked this place so much that I'd stay there again even if I had a bigger budget in the future. 	
May 25 2004	Wonderful hotel!	I'm somewhat surprised at some of the reviews of this hotel. I found the room to be comfortable and affordable. The varied residence added a great deal of flavor to my stay. The whole hotel has a great Old World feel to it and the rooms and bathrooms were all very clean. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful offering numerous suggestions on good pubs and restaurants in the area. All in all a wonderful experience. In these days of cookie-cutter chain hotels it is a great pleasure to find a hotel that actually possesses some character.	
May 1 2004	Comfortable clean	Great Price, comfortable, clean stay. Rooms were a bit small, but the location was perfect.	
Apr 9 2004	Would not stay there again!	The room was painfully small, and not as clean as we would have liked. The bed was very uncomfortable. The price was right, and though you get what you pay for, we have stayed at other places in Montreal at the same price range with better results.	
Dec 27 2003	Get what you pay for	I've read other reviews about this place complaining about the hookers in the lobby and the 'activities' you can hear going on at night. If you are looking for something a bit classy you have to pay more than $25 a night! The hotel is surrounded by sex shops, cinemas and shops and they DO rent out the rooms by the hour. But we never felt unsafe or offended.The staff were courteous and the room was clean and serviced every day. The bathrooms are shared but they too are clean and the shower is good! The location is perfect for everything - downtown, old town, china town and all restaurants. If you want a dirt cheap price for a private room rather than a hostel dormitory this is great.	
Dec 24 2003	Horrible hotel! Do not stay there!	Do not stay at this hotel unless you like a hotel lobby that doubles as a prostitute waiting room. HORRIBLE experience!!!!	
May 30 2003	Awesome Studios	The Studios are awesome, clean, and have a really nice little kitchenette with everything you need to cook. There are even washing machines and dryers in the bathroom, with detergent and even fabric softner sheets. It was 87 canadian with taxes, which was like 55 for me. It is on a scary looking street but after looking around I realized it has to been one of the greatest hidden locations in Montreal. Station Saint-Laurent (The Metro) is about 3 minutes away, and the Quartier Latin (Latin Quarter) is only 5/10 minutes way. The Desjardins Complex is like a mall and has an awesome super market, which is also about 5 minutes at the most away from the Hotel,Stay here, you wont regret it!!	
Apr 14 2003	For the budget excellent clean stay	For the budget, excellent, clean stay	
Jul 6 2009 	Fidèle à sa réputation		
Oct 28 2008 	Contrairement à qu'on dit!		
Sep 14 2008 	Le pire hôtel de notre séjour aux US		
Aug 18 2008 	Horrible expérience!!!!		
