Nov 16 2009 	Good Business Hotel	The hotel is located very close to Atwater Metro station and is nicely located very close to Montreal Downtown. This is a pure business hotel with decent breakfast and good rooms to stay. The building is very old. However the rooms are well maintained and there is a pool and GYM at the top floor of the building. There are no restaurants inside the hotel but a 5 minute walk from the hotel gives u lots of options to eat out. A very nice and good Value for Money hotel for business travellers.	
Oct 24 2009 	Residence Inn Montreal Westmount: Good location! friendly helpful staff!	This is not your standard Residence Inn like ones in the U.S. A friend recommended this Inn based on its location. I had my doubts since I didn't have good experience at Residence Inns in the US on two previous stays. I was pleasantly surprised by this Residence Inn for its cleaniness, good location, and friendly staff.What I liked:+ Full breakfree+ Helpful, friendly bilingual staff + Good location - close to downtown Montreal business districtWhat I disliked:- parking	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly helpful staff. Good breakfast and good location.	Hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. Hotel lobby was very clean and inviting. We stayed here because we needed the separate bedroom and kitchenette for a family (parents and toddler). Hotel offered a crib free of charge, but we had our own. Our rate included free breakfast in the lobby restaurant which was very good. Offered was eggs, waffles, pancake, bacon, sausage, variety of breads and bagels, cereals, fruit, yogurts, coffee, tea and juices. Nice location on a quiet residential street near Dawson College. Two blocks away is Atwater Metro station. If you have a car, there is a nice outdoor lot two blocks from the hotel on Rue Sherbrooke. The rate is 7$ CAD per day. You pay by leaving exact change in an envelope in a mail slot. Lot is very safe and spaces are always available. No attendant, come and go as you please. Also two blocks away is Rue Sainte-Catherine. There you will find all sorts of restaurants; easily walk-able. Also, where Atwater Metro station is, there is a shopping mall that offers retail stores, a supermarket, and even a discount store similar to a Wal-Mart.	
Oct 13 2009 	A great hotel in a nice area of the city	Located in a nice quiet residential neighborhood on the west end of Downtown. Withing Walking distance of the Atwater Metro. Clean, nice spacious rooms with kitchen. and a complimentary breakfast buffet. Underground parking, and a nice friendly bilingual staff. 	
Jul 10 2009 	Not the best Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 10 nights with my husband who is in Montreal on business. Here what I wish I had known before being stuck there.The pool is very small, the photos on the web site make it seem much bigger. The &quot;sauna&quot; is a closet sized room in the individual bathrooms. The pool and fitness room closes relatively early (as do most places in Montreal). i asked if I could sit on the Patio, apparently it is more commonly referred to as a terrace, but no I could not sit outside in the sunshine, this was reserved for special use by the hotel. Several times the elevator got stuck on our floor, the doors would open, close, open, close. When we told the front desk he just said the elevators were old and sometimes you had to jump up and down a little to get it to work...c'est la vie!! Unbelievably I actually tried this, it didn't work. The balconies off the rooms seem like an after thought in the construction of the building, slabs of concrete, jutting out and pitched slightly at an angle downward, I assume to let the water run off from the cooler, which seems to be a swamp cooler, in a place with 80% humidity??? It was very, very noisy. The internet works well enough, but it's not wireless, like wireless internet is some newfangled technology in Canada. There was no table to eat at in our room, which was smaller than the suites. My husband's employer PRE-PAIDED for this room, but they tried to check him out prematurely twice. They also charged $200 to the credit card he gave (for things we might charge to the room) 5 DAYS AFTER WE CHECKED IN!! The explanation given by the front desk was they had to &quot;make sure the card worked&quot;, so they arbitrarily charge $200, 5 days after we check in, without informing us they are going to do this. Front desk guy defended this logic saying &quot;all hotels do this&quot; and that &quot;What if we put a hole in the wall&quot;...Ummm, not any I've stayed in. And finally, the parking in expensive, $17.00 a night.OK, here are the positives, for me, anyway. The beds were comfortable and the pillows down. The maid would do our dirty dishes for us. The room was clean. There is a laundry downstairs, $1.50 Canadian to wash and dry. There is a pretty big free breakfast. It's close to the metro (Atwater) and Starbuck.Here's my advice, if you're over 22, stay in old Montreal. This is a college neighborhood, a little weird, and not a lot for a tourist to do.	
Jun 28 2009 	Well run hotel	I'm staying here for a long period, for business travel. The rooms are large, reasonably well fit out, and with a simple kitchen, and balcony. The staff are helpful, there is a good breakfast included, and the rooms are clean. There's a basic gym and pool on the top floor.. with a nice view of the mountain.An extra lift would be appreciated... 2 lifts for 20 floors leaves you waiting quite often.	
May 11 2009 	Nice people hard beds.	If you don't mind sleeping on a brick, the place is nice. Another drawback is no hot tub, (which you will need by the end of the long walks you will be taking). Good breakfast with a lot of choices.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not up to par at all	Stayed for a weekend at this hotel. I usually check reviews for any hotel that I am planning to stay at and this was no exception. This hotel has very decent reviews here and other places. I was very disappointed however and I am not a picky traveler, just want to get my money’s worth.I was surprised at how small and uncomfortable the rooms were and how old/dated the rooms/things in the room were. It was nice to have a kitchen but everything was old. The bed was small and uncomfortable, the sheets old and torn in some places, same with the towels. You don’t expect this at a Marriot.The room was clean but old and uncomfortable. This hotel is advertised as 3-4stars but it is no way even close. It was like staying at a decent motel. However the price of $150.00 per night is insane for this place. It is not worth half that price. I stayed at 4Seasons last year for the same price in a much better hotel in a better location.Location is ok but nothing to write home about, you are better off staying on Sherbrooke between University and St. Laurent. There was always street parking available nearby so that is a plus. it was also nice to have a balcony, but it was not very useful since they dont even have any chairs or anything out there and you cant even smoke cigarettes on the balcony. I am not a smoker but it seemed like a strange rule for an outdoor balconyOverall it is a decent motel experience but really bad for the value. For 150 a night, I expect way better rooms.	
Sep 2 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever...Ever	I personally prefer to stay at the Residence Inn (Business or Leisure). This was the worst hotel I have stayed at so far. Our stay started with the horrible parking experience. There were about 10 parking spots per floor in the underground parking. I had to wait there for about half an hour to find an empty spot. Then there was the elevator wait. I stood by the elevator for 15 min every time for it to arrive(I was on the 7th floor and started using the stairs in and out after experiencing the same problem about 2 times). Then there was the room. The fridge was at least 20 years old with a loud squeaking noise. Old carpet with a nasty smell. The balcony was filthy with algae on the floor from the water leaking out of the air conditioner. The front doors squeaked. The thermostat did not work. There was no exhaust in the washroom. The sofa bed was the most uncomfortable nights sleep ever. And they charge $1 for every local call.Upon complaining about the above the response from the front desk was &quot;We are working to make things better&quot;. They did not offer any fixing or regrets.Never again will I stay here. I travel quite a lot to Montréal. I would suggest the four points hotel (Same price much better service with the valet parking).	
Sep 2 2008 	Location OK Service Great Lots of kids	I booked this hotel with Marriott Reward Points, so I cannot comment on prices and value. This was a last minute trip as I re-routed to avoid Hurricane Gustav and did little or no advance planning on he trip which required a higher level of staff assistance than I would normally ask for.Getting there: The hotel is located in a residential area of Montreal about 2 miles west of downtown. If you have two or more people, its probably not a bad idea to get a cab directly to the property. The flat rate of C$38 is competitive with the C$30 fare for two people on the L'Aerobus shuttle service from the airport. If you do take the bus, you will get dropped off at the main bus terminal. From there you can go downstairs to the Berri/UQAM metro station and ride to Atwater. Come out of the station on the Rue Maisonneuve side and walk a half block north on Rue Atwater to Lincoln. The hotel is a block down past a couple of old apartment complexes.Check in: Slow. The hotel had a couple of groups checking in at that time and the check-in desk has room only for two agents to handle the load. They did the best that they could.Room: Small. When I was promised a double room, they weren't joking. Its a double bed rather than a queen which is a good bit smaller than I am used to. Appliances in the kitchen look really old, but are functional. There is a small den area with a desk and a large balcony. Internet is free in the room, but as is the case with Marriotts I stay at, it is not wireless. But when its free, I will take what I can get. The toilet did not flush when I arrived. But it did get fixed almost immediately after I notified the front desk.Staff service: Really great. As I said, I was in a bot of a pinch and did virtually no advance planning. The staff was able to help me out with opening and closing times, directions and recommendations. This was pretty key since Labor Day is a holiday in Canada at the same time as in the US. Everything is closed on Labor Day. Overall, very friendly and cheerful folks and I am glad they were there.Breakfast: Big fan of the free Residence Inn breakfast. But this is a family hotel if every I stayed at one. Breakfast was overrun with kids and the atmosphere was more Romper Room than hotel. I suppose that makes it &quot;family friendly&quot;. But it also means that I also lost my breakfast plate a couple of times dodging the kiddies running around. Still it was a generally good selection of breakfast foods.Overall impressions of the hotel were OK. The biggest problem here is not something that will surprise the staff if they read this. Its the elevators. If you are above the 10th floor and want to go downstairs, plan ahead. If the elevator is not headed in the direction you want, get on. Ride it up and then back down. At least you are on, which is more than I can say to some of the poor souls who found a full elevator when it arrived at their floor.This really isn't a pheonomenal location for exploring Old Montreal but its OK. Atwater requires a change of train to get to the Orange Line and it can be a bit of a walk at the end of the day when you are beat to get back to the metro and then back to the hotel. Still, you are only two stops away from Peel Station which is where a lot of the action is on Ste Catherine Street. Given the choice, I would have tried to get a room downtown or in Old Montreal. I think the prices are generally competitive with the 3-star set downtown.	
Aug 28 2008 	Reasonable rates and very comfortable	This hotel is a little out of the way - but close to the metro station.It was very reasonably priced and includes a fully equipped kitchen and a little balcony.The staff are really friendly and helpful - even to an English speaker like me.Very reasonable and comfortable,	
Aug 28 2008 	Clean Comfortable Good Value	I stayed at the Marriott Westmont recently for four nights. I was with my wife and 11 year old son. We got a special deal so the rate was very competitive, particularly because it includes a full hot buffet breakfast every day. The breakfast is not “brunch at the Ritz Carlton”, but it was always a nice start to our day. Our room was a suite with a fully equipped kitchen as well as a balcony offering a panorama of the city. It was clean and in very good condition. The hotel has a nice rooftop indoor pool which we used a couple of times. The parking garage with in/out privileges was another nice feature. The only complaint I share with others is the elevator situation in the hotel; there are only two and at peak times you may wait for up to five minutes to get one. I travel frequently and in general I am a big fan of Marriott, they are very customer focused and their product is very consistent, The Westmont is no exception.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights recently. The room was neat and clean - we had a bedroom, living room, balcony and kitchen stocked with everything you'd need if you wanted to stay in and cook. The breakfast was wonderful - hot and cold food, lots of variety and nicely laid out. The staff were very friendly and helpful - the front desk recommended several nearby restaurants - we tried two and they were great. It's located in a very pleasant neighbourhood. The metro is only two blocks away, and from there you can get anywhere in Montreal quickly and efficiently. Old Montreal and China town are ten minutes away by Metro, and the botanical gardens about twenty minutes away. Overall - a great place to stay.	
Aug 2 2008	Great Service!	This is a great hotel with excellent service. Right near Attwater subway and huge shopping centres, its close enough to the city and restaurants. The service is fantastic and we enjoyed a great apartment with kitchenette and spacious surroundings. We would recommend this hotel for its functional rooms, great staff, good breakfasts and position.	
Jul 21 2008 	Residence Inn Montreal Westmount not up to par	I generally prefer staying at the Residence Inn chain. I don't know if the standards for the properties is lower in Canada versus the United States but this place was expensive for what it offered. First, while the room had a kitchen(outdated!) there was no dining table nor chairs nor a sofa and coffee table (as I have experienced at other Residence Inns). Secondly, the bed was hard as a rock and the carpeting was so thin, there was no doubt you were walking on a concrete slab floor. Thirdly, while the public spaces were newly decorated, the rest of the space felt like an old apartment building that had been converted into a hotel. If you like Residence Inns, I wouldn't recommend this place. If you are looking for a nice hotel, I would shop around because this wasn't even a nice hotel.	
Jul 12 2008 	Good hotel but OLD and not close to anything	The hotel was good, but the elevator was not working for a while, and there is only one computer downstairs to use for internet.Room was clean and nice... but you can tell the hotel is OLD.When I flush the toilet the sink does not have cold water until the toilet fills up.And this hotel is not close to the good stuff in Montreal, so look for other hotels if you want to be close to all the big events in Montreal.I paid $149, would only stay here again for $120 tops.	
Jul 9 2008 	Just OK - family with young children	This hotel has a lovely lobby and a wonderful breakfast. The staff were very nice.The room we were in was in bad need of renovation, though. It smelled of smoke (gross!!!) even though it was supposedly non-smoking. The rooms were redecorated maybe in the 80s, so things look a bit tired and old there. Also the toilet kept clogging. All the thresholds of the doors we saw had these huge bump-like lips, making them difficult to traverse with a stroller (and I'll bet a wheelchair too). Wheelchair accessible door button did not work from outside the hotel, either.	
Jan 21 2008	Good apartment style hotel	I've stayed in this hotel multiple times for business and it is a nice apartment style hotel. There have been times when the room that I was given had problems with hot water. I mentioned this and was told to keep the water running for awhile. Othertimes there weren't any problems with the hot water. The reception desk will call you about 30 minutes after you check in to verify that everything is okay. This is the only hotel that I've stayed at which does this. The gym is okay (1 treadmill, 1 stairmaster, free weights). Being an apartment style hotel, it has a full size fridge (with freezer), a stove, utensils, pots, microwave, dish washer, etc. which I find to be very useful. They sometimes have free early evening snacks depending on the day (schedule posted on fridge). The free breakfast buffet is very good. The parking is indoor (pay $) and underneath the hotel (accessible from hotel without exiting). The parking allows for multiple ins/outs and you pay per day/stay. The hotel is located in a quiet 1 way side street at the outer edge of downtown (near westmount). It is considered to be downtown for all intensive purposes. The hotel is completely non-smoking. The free internet is wired.	
Aug 8 2007 	Very Good Value	I recently stayed at the Residence Inn in Westmount for two nights on business. I am from Montreal originally and know the area well. The location is very good, being close enough to downtown without being &quot;too&quot; close. It is on a quiet sidestreet and although the building looks fairly ordinary (cement highrise) the interiors are spotless. Check in was fast and efficient, and the rate of $129 / night was more than reasonable considering what other downtown hotels charge. Their underground parking is for small cars only (they warn you about this), and there is plenty of street parking nearby which is free from 8 pm to 9 am. I would save the $$$ and park on the street.The rooms are very well kept, with full kitchenettes (a microwave, a range and a fridge). The only minor issue was with the noise level of the AC, which could be better. But it was not something that kept me awake. The hot breakfast (included) is outstanding and far superior to the usual boring fare. Very good quality buffet-style food, with yogourts, breads, cereals, etc. Top notch.This is not a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, but is an excellent value. I will certainly stay there again and highly recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great room and view	Our family stayed here during our recent summer vacation. We arrived quite late (22:00ish) and the girl at the front desk gave us a reception that we thought we were in Paris :-( However, the next morning, the continental breakfast is something else; the waffle is so good I can sit there and eat them all day. The room are comfortable but for those who are afraid of height, get the room on the lower floor. Otherwise, the view from our room is marvelous (we are on the 18th floor) ! Don't expect the american standard of Residence Inn (ie. soap, tissue, ... ) there's none whatsoever. One precaution: imo, the room may not be sound proof ( I can hear my children running in the room from the elevator). The swimming is small but if your room does not have the view, come up to the PH floor and have a great tan !	
Jan 12 2007 	Wonderful Property	Stayed at this property Jan 5-9, 2007. The location is a little ways out from the &quot;tourist&quot; areas, but it was not a bad walk to Rue St Catherine or Blvd Maisonneuve were one could find plenty of restaurants and shops. The metro (which gets you to many sites in the city) was only 2 blocks from the hotel. The neighborhood is not beautiful but encountered no problems, hotel exterior is blah but the lobby/public areas are very comfortable. Checkin/out was very quick and efficient, the hotel personel were very friendly - greeted everyone in English &amp; French and then in the guests language on subsiquent meetings. The room was basic - but all I need is a good bed and a bathroom. The room had those plus a balcony and a fully equiped kichen. Our room was next to the elevator but the bathroom blocked any noise from it &quot;entering&quot; the rest of the room. It was nice to have the option of the buffet breakfast - the menu was scrambled eggs, potatoes, sausage, waffles, a variety of cereals, fruit, yogurt, and breads/pastries. Very good selection. The pool was on the top floor and very nice (on a clear day probably had a great view). Will definately stay at this property on future visits to Montreal.	
Oct 29 2006 	Wonderful stay	when i arrived at the hotel in Montréal i was greeted by the housekeeping staff on strike... apon checking in the hotel and arriving in the room i open the curtains and to my shock there was dirt on the outside of the window (there were doing renovations on the balcony) breakfast was good the staff was not very helpful at all sent me in the wrong area twice when i received the proper directions the front desk manager i was quite pleasant and gave me the directions for the area I was looking for. I will say this staff over all was exactly was I expected in a Marriott property.	
Jul 24 2006 	Not bad but not really a hotel	I have to say first that the Residence Inn was once a medium sized apartment building that has been converted into a hotel. So, keep that in mind. First, the hotel is very clean; rooms, foyer, etc. I never saw any problems whatsoever, and I like rooms clean! My friend stayed there 3 years ago, and I stayed there (with same friend) in July 2006. I'm not too sure about the $175 cdn per night, think it could be more like $120?The lobby is just like in the pictures. As mentioned by others, there are only 2 elevators, so you may have to wait a little bit, but not terrible. The free breakfast wasn't bad. My friend mentioned that is was a continental breakfast, but there was cereal, yogurt, small pancakes, sausage patties, scrambled eggs, bread, bagels, juice, tea and coffee. You could eat here no problem, but the pancakes were a little dry and flat :( They also have free hors-d'oeuvres about 4 nights during the week. One night they had chicken nuggets, salad, mini quiche, bread rolls, juice, and coffee/tea. So, having said that, I will say that if you are used to big name hotels that have the nice buffet set out, looking all pretty, you will not find it at the Residence. It is much more casual fare, something you may throw together for yourself and your kids if your were at home, but still laid out okay. The room in which they serve the food is small, and can be a bit noisy. There are a number of tables out in the lobby area, which are more quiet, and cooler. We had a room on the 14th floor, which was clean and bright. The furniture was clean, did not appear well used at all, and was comfortable. I slept in the king size bed in the bedroom, and my friend slept on the pull out couch. You have to make up the bed in the pull out, so be prepared for that--bed stuff is in the hall closet. I read stuff about the A/C being loud, but you know, that is with a lot of hotels, but not the big name ones. It wasn't extremely loud, but it reminded me of when my family and friends have stayed in motels with window A/C, so it is about that noise level, but it didn't bother us. There was plenty of space to put away clothing, etc. There is large closet in bedroom, along with drawers in chest. Also chest of drawers in living room in front of pull out couch. The kitchen is great, having all utensils, plates, pots, etc for you. Great size fridge, but microwave probably should be replaced. Stove was older, but very clean. There is a balcony for each hotel room, but, it is a standard apartment balcony, with no chairs or anything, and there is some water which is just from the air conditioner unit. Also, people may go out there to smoke, and our balcony had not been cleaned of cigarette butts. I didn't really care, because I would never use the balcony anway, but the &quot;dirtiness&quot; of it could turn people off.Now to the comments about the general area. Yes, this area of Montreal is not like being directly downtown. You walk down the end of the street, and you see graffiti, and some people don't take care of their gardens. It almost seems dirty looking sometimes. There are a lot of panhandlers/beggars, whatever you want to call them. I think Montreal needs to do a clean sweep of these people. That was one thing that turned me off, and may turn off a lot of tourists that are not used to that. You will have to walk by them (most of them are sitting) but be prepared for some of them to come right up to you. Again, just make a point of walking away. Most of these people were on the main streets, and also in downtown Montreal. This is a Montreal problem, cause they are everywhere.I will say that I never felt unsafe. I think the area might make you feel that way, just because it doesn't look great, etc, but my friend and I walked at night a few times, but there were also other people out, and we were okay. If you are someone who really likes the large name hotel experience (room service, large foyers, restaurant, lots of elevators, immaculate rooms, etc, etc), then do NOT go to this hotel. Go to one of the hotels in direct downtown Montreal. If you can handle the idea that for your stay, it would be like living in an apartment building, but with free food, and front desk help, then you could probably handle staying here. You have to remember, this is a RESIDENTIAL area, not the pristine streets of a metropolitan city. If you want shops, be really close to old Montreal, etc, then go to the downtown hotels. Have I made you understand what type of hotel this is? Like I said, it would be like living in an apartment in a residential area of Montreal. No fancy shwancy stuff. It is quiet, there are no problems there. Again, I want to prepare you that Montreal is not always clean looking, the graffiti, etc may turn you off as you start walking down to the main street, and which you may see at their Metro (train station), but other than that, Montreal is a busy, interesting place, with MANY places to eat. If you want some interesting nightlife, go to Crescent street. Montrealers love their patios, and this street is full of them, and is THE partying place at night, mostly Friday and Saturday. For a great breakfast, go to Burgers&amp;Benedicts (at the Pepsi Forum, just a couple blocks down). I had the 2 eggs with meat plate for $6.00, and it came on a big plate. Lots of bacon and grilled potatoes, etc. Very good food. Have a great time if you go, and make sure you visit old Montreal, it is fascinating with the architecture, cobbled streets, etc.	
Jul 12 2006	Quiet but inconvenient location	I should first say that I don't travel much and have only stayed at a few hotels in the past. The reviews I read didn't seem too bad, and since this hotel is run by Marriott I decided to give it a try. I was going away for just the weekend so I wanted a nice, comfortable place to stay. My room was indeed comfortable, clean, and quiet and also spacious. I booked a one bedroom queen suite and there was a separate bedroom, living area including a dining table and desk, and kitchen. More than enough for just one person. This hotel is ideal for families and others who plan to stay in Montreal for over a week. I was so busy, I didn't even have time to use the kitchen, which was one of the main reason's I chose this hotel. If you are only going to stay in Montreal chose another hotel. Residence is on the very edge of downtown, and I was very disappointed to be so far from the action because I had hoped to walk to most places, but the only way to get to any attractions is by taking the Metro or a cab. Stay somewhere more centrally located. But I will say that there is a Metro station close by and the front desk staff are very friendly. Also, the room I stayed in, room 1703, though the balcony was closed for repairs, I had a great view of the mountain, so be sure to ask for a room on that side of the building.	
Jul 10 2006	Somewhat Disappointed....	We stayed at the Residence Inn this past weekend and I can't say it was a miseralble time but I have stayed in much better hotels. This was a last minute trip and this hotel was right for the price and it had a small kitchen where we could make our own breakfast. The staff was super nice and friendly. My only problems with this hotel was that the parking garage was horrible. Too small and cramped and very expensive for what you have to go through to park. But better than getting a ticket for the residential area parking.I was really upset to see that on top of the 34+ dollars I was charged for the parking, I also had to pay for local calls!! I had no clue that calling a restaurant around the corner would cost me nearly $1.50. And we called several. Nice surprise when ready to check out! Overall the hotel was very clean and neat. I brought my own pots to cook in and the cleaning lady did not put them into the dishwasher, uuuuurrrrggggghhhh! But all of the other dishes that were in the sink were put in. Was also ticked that the hotel advertises that each room has a private balcony. You cannot go onto the balconies as there is construction going on. If you need someplace to stay on a whim, for not too much money, then this is your best bet but I am sure there are much better hotels in the area. Note: This hotel is really close to a university and thus the neighborhood is in not such a good condition. Seemed somewhat safe though.	
Jun 26 2006	As bad as they say	We stayed there for a few days for a wedding. It is a good location near the old Forum. The hotel has lots of problems. The construction is one - first the garage is a mess. Bad to begin with, add the braces and it is awful.Union is on strike - hope you like a choice of contruction noise or union chants. The temporary housekeeping is not great. They left tthe door open on my parents room.We had a hotel room. Should have stayed in Old Montreal at the Springhill suites - and had a nice room.We had a cubby kitcken. That was fine. But no place to eat - we had a desk chair (and desk) and another chair but no table to eat at. Also, only 2 dresser drawers. When I asked they said that this type room did not have these things and it is a Residence Inn so no place to put suite cases. KInd of worse of all worlds. We stayed in Syracuse at the Courtyard and in Toronto in a Courtyard and they where much better. Marriott should get rid of this blemish on their reputation. I would never stay there again.	
Mar 12 2006 	Not as bad as some describe (for me at least)	I can't say I was much impressed with this hotel. On the other hand I have little to complain about either.Something that will help you understand the previous reviews: this property used to be an apartment building. That explains why there are only 2 small elevators.The room I had used to be an apartment, so it had a large bedroom, a living room, and a kitchen. The price included a breakfast but it was pretty basic. I went the first 2 monrnigs and skipped it for the rest of my stay -- it's just not worth it.To be sure there are better hotels in Montreal, but this one is not all that bad.	
Nov 16 2005	Disappointed Stay	I am a Silver Member and travel a lot during the year, i have stayed in different Marriott in Canada and USA, this is the worst one. Residence Inn Downtown (the one close to Peel metro station) is a lot better. We have reserved 2 rooms more than a month in advance and have requested close to each other , but when checked in the staff said the 2 rooms would be at different floors. Only after i repeated my request that they said there were 2 rooms next to each other, how come they did not arrange that in the first place! Then the breakfast room was crowded and there was a kitchen lady who was very rude. As the room was crowded, so we took food upstair but she questioned us in a very impolite manner. This ruin the start of the day. The a/c was very noisy and the lighting in living room was not sufficient. Have to wait the elevator for a long time, sometimes i have to use stair even i was at 8 floor. At check-out day no invoice was at our door at 7am, (but we have asked the front desk that we would got one at 5am on day of departure). There were errors on the invoice and the staff did not know how to fix it and asked us to wait til next shift to ask the day time staff. Would never stayed in this hotel in future.	
Aug 27 2005	Don't stay at this hotel...very dissapointing for a Mariott	As a silver elite Mariott Rewards member I stay at Residence Inn properties very often. This one is not deserving of the Mariott name and is certainly nowehere near the standard of your typical Residence Inn. Quite frankly, it was a dump. I must say however that the front desk staff was very friendly but that is the only positive comment I can make. Here were the problems: noisy a/c, tiny room, insufficent elevators (waited 20 mins to get to our room), no ice machines except for the top floor and the ice tray in our freezer was empty, crumbling outside deck without any chairs, uncomfortable bed and linens, poor quality towels (2 of them were stained). I would never stay at this property again. If the Mariott folks ever review it themselves I'm confident they would dump this place. I still trust the Mariott name, but certainly not like I did before staying at this hotel. Do yourself a favour and stay elsewhere in beautiful Montreal.	
Jul 28 2005	worst Residence Inn I have stayed at	I read some complimentary reviews but maybe those folks don't travel much or have kids and just want a place to crash and eat take -out pizza.Depends on what you are looking for, but I have stayed at some very good Residence Inns in the southern part of the US and outside Toronto. This was not one of them. The front desk was very nice and helpful-that I agree with. However, the room left a lot to be desired. Noisy A/C, shabby carpet and uncomfortable bed. Balcony outside looked like it was ready to crumble (no chairs even if we'd wanted to sit out). Think this was a reconverted apt bldg. My husband called it a &quot;dump&quot;.The elevator situation is horrible-constant waiting for 2 tiny elevators. Breakfast was a fiasco. They'd run out of lots of items and I got down there when they still had 45 min to serve. Very noisy and crowded. I grabbed 2 boxes of cereal and milk and took to our room. We ended up stopping for coffee and a muffin.And yes the area is kind of seedy-lots of students living in big old homes converted to apts. with probably cheap rent. We did walk back from central downtown at night and didn't have any problems though. There are quite a few depanneurs (little groceries) in the area. We were supposed to stay for 5 nts and checked out after 1 night .	
Jul 13 2005	Residence Inn comfortable but overpriced	For $198 CSD/night, we got a standard suite (queen bed, sitting area, kitchen) and a view of the water, plus breakfast in the morning. The bed was comfy and everything was functional but overall the room and bathroom appeared quite used...would have suggested a price closer to $120/night for the level of amenity.Good walking distance from St Catherines and tons of noodle houses (it's a student area).	
Jul 9 2005	Wonderful place!	Our family traveled from Florida to Montreal for a week (end of June - early July) and stayed at the Marriott Westmount. As a family of four, we travel on a budget, not luxury, so perhaps someone used to the Ritz would not be impressed - but we were! As other reviewers have mentioned, the included breakfast was wonderful, but somewhat crowded. The manager herself was helping to move things along by tending the waffle makers on Saturday morning. In the suite, our kitchen was fully equipped to make and serve dinner for four - something we have rarely found in places claiming to be 'suites' with kitchens - and the housekeeping services include washing the dishes! There is also a free grocery shopping service. We didn't use it, since we wanted to see what was available in the local grocery for ourselves, but on a long-term stay it would have been nice. We were in Canada during a heat wave - 90 degrees and humid - and our a/c kept up just fine.We thought the place was very clean, our housekeeping staff was great, and we had plenty of room when the sofabed was folded. The rooms and lobby really look just like the photos on the website, so there were no 'surprises.' For families like us, who do loads of laundry even on vacation, the laundry room was sparkling clean and pleasantly decorated, and the clothes were actually fully dry at the end of a cycle! Buy your detergent, etc at the grocery though - even if you only use half of it, it is cheaper than the $2 a load in the dispensers.The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. They had great advice about everything from where to get a pizza on Sunday night to the best viewing place for the Canada Day fireworks. Two things keep this from being an 'excellent' rating: the elevators and the location. There are only two small elevators in the building, which the staff and guests grumble about equally. Since we were on the 16th floor, stairs were not an option, and there was usually a very long wait. The location is not bad for getting around - we could walk or catch the Metro to anywhere we wanted - but it is not in one of the nicer neighborhoods. There were a lot of graffiti, weedy yards, and trash around that we did not see in some of the other more central neighborhoods. There were panhandlers and drunks on the streets in the evening - no trouble, but I wouldn't want to be walking alone. I guess people used to living in large cities wouldn't notice so much, but it was uncomfortable for us. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it and return there. It was a great value and very comfortable for family travel.	
Jul 3 2005	DISAPPOINTED - SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE	$200 CAD for this suite hotel was a rip-off! I guess I can see why someone would consider this nce if they have never stayed in a suite hotel before or have had a bad experience in the past. I would only spend $100 CAD here. I have been a part of Tripadvisor for a while now but this is the first time I felt that I needed to speak out about this hotel so others are not mislead like I was.The picture gallery of all the picures I've found on the internet showed this hotel being really nice. Good thing about this hotel: nice lobby, free breakfast, free high speed internet if you have your own laptop. The parking is tight with columns dividing every space so you must be careful driving your car in. Good thing about parking is that there are elevators in the parking lot that goes straight up to your floor ONLY ON PARKING LEVELS 2 AND 5. The living room space is only the size of the sofabd. The linen is old, pillow case are washed but pilows are NOT and they smell. We open the balcony and there is water leaking from who knows where. If you have young children, becareful because there are spaces in the balcony---the walls of the balcony are not attached to each other. The washrooms are too tight for a suite and for the hallway, everyone can hear what you say in your suite! I've read on the internet that Old Montreal is about 30 mins walkign distance but the front desk says dont' walk it, take the subway because it is too far. So overall this hotel is not worth your money, go elsewhere .	
Jun 3 2005	It's not bad...	My husband and I traveled with a friend to Montreal and needed to find a suite with two separate rooms (hard to find in Montreal). So we found what we needed in this hotel. Two rooms, a shared bathroom, and a common area. The location was ok, near a Metro stop, convenience store, etc. The lobby was nice and modern. The staff was very helpful and the breakfasts were plentiful considering they were free. But the rooms themselves were bland and lifeless, the bare minimum, and not like what you would find at a Residence Inn in the states. So if you need the suites, go for it. But if you are traveling alone or with one other person, you might want to try to find something with more character.	
Apr 19 2005	Decent Hotel Hospitable Good price	The four of us (two adults, two young children) stayed here for two nights in April 2005. In whole, it was an enjoyable experience. The hotel is very well located (right near the old Montreal forum and the Atwater metro, although about two Metro stops away from the major business and shopping attractions downtown) and we were able to find parking on the residential street where the hotel was situated. Be warned, however, that if you have an SUV or minivan and cannot find parking on the street, the hotel will direct you to a public parking lot about a block away as the hotel garage cannot accommodate any vehicle taller than 5 feet 6 inches. The lobby and breakfast area were trendier and more European by far than the Marriott Residences that we have stayed in the U.S. The breakfast was very good, with many healthy choices (and unhealthy ones too).The Penthouse pool was a little small, and the gym consisted of a number of treadmills and a few free weights. There is an excellent view from the penthouse floor where the gym and pool are located. The staff was very friendly and very hospitable. The price for the hotel was about $130.00 (Canadian) per night before tax, which included one master bedroom, a living room with a pull out couch, and full kitchen applicances. The hotel provided a nice crib for our under two year old with clean sheets, all put together for us, at no cost. The down side to this hotel is that the interior of the rooms seemed a little dingy, as do the floors where hotel rooms are located. The carpets look like they can use an upgrade and/or a good cleaning. However, the rooms themselves are kept clean, as are the sheets, towels, kitchen etc. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, however, to those looking for a romantic weekend away or for a sophisticated hotel experience, this is not the hotel you are looking for.	
Feb 14 2005	Nice but not great	I have stayed here a few times. I was impressed by how fresh and hip the lobby and hallways were when I arrived, only to be somewaht underwhelmed by the rooms, which were previously apartments. The rooms were clean and fresh but were rather old and had undergone a &quot;soft&quot; renovation rather than a &quot;hard&quot; renovation prior to conversion into a hotel.  Parking under the hotel is handy, but limited overhead clearance is tough if you drive anything but a car. And, be sure to unload your bags on the street level, as it's a labyrinth of stairs getting the bags from the garage into the elevator.  The staff was friendly and accommodating and the breakfast above average. 	
Oct 14 2004	Nice not spectacular.	As other reviewers have said, nice but not spectacular. I spent one night here and it wasnot a bad choice. Rooms &amp; kitchens modern &amp;adequate if a little cramped. The 20th floor fitnesscenter &amp; pool were crisp ,clean &amp; enjoyable, as there is a great view from the outside terrase.The hotel is on a quiet, semi-residential street.Good access to Concordia, McGill &amp; la salleUNiversities. Lots of good takeout (or sitdown) restaruants. Plenty of small grocers (&quot;depanneurs&quot;) to fill your refrigerator. Double check if your room will havethe balcony promised. Staff is pretty friendly &amp;helpfull. Pretty good choice if you arestaying more than a few days &amp; are willing to walk a few blocks.	
Sep 17 2004	Solid but dull.	Stayed here for 4 nights (Aug 04) and it is a solid suite based hotel. Upsides were 1) walkable to center of Montreal 2) balcony 3) friendly staff 4) breakfast was included 5) clean and presentable Downsides 1) no character whatsoever (realise it doesnt claim to have any) 2) no washer in room (was one in basement) and dated white goods 3) lift was incredibly slow and small (got the stairs more often that not) 3) breakfast was over subscribed as the opening times were too short 4) were next to the lift which while slow could be heard. Wouldnt stay here again, not because there is anything wrong with the hotel just because there is no reason to and Im sure your money could be better spent elsewhere.	
May 11 2004	An excellent hotel	I stayed at the Residence in early May. It is a great hotel. The lobby, and public areas are very clean and appealing. The rooms are excellent, as well as the bathrooms. Even a kitchenette, if one desires to cook up something. An excellent buffet breakfast is included. The staff very nice and helpful. A huge shopping mall two blocks away, as well as a 22 screen movie complex, and a Metro stop. Could not have been a better place to stay for the price as far as I am concerned. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.	
Mar 30 2004	thanks to Front desk staff	I just returned from a long stay in Montreal at Residence Inn Westmount. I did love the free grocery service provided with efficiency by the Front desk. I wish I could have the same at home. Room nicely decorated and comfortable. Not to mention the Lobby, very european. Breakfast is big and delicious. I do commend it.	
Jan 6 2004	Nice Area But A Bit Removed	I spent three nights at the Residence Inn Marriott Mont Westmount (Jan 1-3). The hotel is situated on a nice quiet street (Lincoln) just below Sherbrooke. The room was okay but like many Montreal hotels is in need of renovations. I normally stay in the Latin Quartier or around Crescent St so being all the way down in the Atwater area was a bit inconvenient. The pluses are the AMC Forum is nearby so you can see great movies in a colossal theater and the Atwater Metro is right across from the Forum. The room had a great kitchen but the sleeping area needed sprucing up as did the bathroom but it was all clean. Also each room has a balcony. But the best part is the breakfast which is served daily and is included with your room rate. There were waffles, eggs, fruit, muffins, and numerous other items. Very economical. This hotel also charges a dollar for each outgoing call even local so that was a bit disconcerting but since I had made quite a few to friends, etc. Please note that all rooms that end in 6 or 7 are located right next to the elevator shaft so the constant droning can make you nuts. I was lucky that they had another room available on a lower floor which was much quieter. All in all not a bad place with a great staff and adequate rooms.	
Oct 23 2009 	Schönes Hotel gutes Frühstück		
May 19 2009 	Besoin d'une bonne révision au niveau des suites		
Jul 30 2008 	gute Lage und ruhig		
Jun 4 2008 	Gut nicht mehr und nicht weniger!		
