Oct 26 2009 	Save your money...	I stayed in this hotel recently with my partner. We understood it was a budget hotel and weren't looking for frills. We've both stayed in many hostels and have traveled a lot however, we were still greatly disappointed. The room was stuffy and dirty. Dark black stains in various areas of the carpeted floor were a huge turn off. There was rust and mold around the wall vents, and cobwebs along the ceiling. There wasn't even a towel rack in the bathroom to hang our used towels - what an easy thing to provide your guests with. When we left the room during the day we'd come back to find that the cleaning lady would totally turn our heat off - not down, completely off. The walls are so thin that you will hear EVERYTHING from the neighbouring rooms - from casual conversation to water sloshing around the tub when they take their shower. This hotel is not even worth the budget price it offers. I'd definitely put some cash towards a better hotel next time.	
Oct 7 2009 	never going there again!!!!!	never again..Dirt ...Smaell... No parking.....Unfriendy .......Forsing people pay tips!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	be carefull!!!! ... they tried to scam us out of the deposit!	when we booked the hotel over the internet they charged us a 25% deposit ... which was fine ... but when we got there, they charged us the full price for the room!!!! ... when we went back to complain, they suggested it was common practice to not refund the deposit unless you ask them to! ... the owners were rude and very unfriendly, blaming us for the error! .... not to mention the rooms smell, the bathrooms stink ... and the walls are paper thin ... if you have people that want to party all night next to you ... you'll be kept awake all night and try to find some sleep during the day! ...	
Aug 20 2009 	"PLEASE READ BEFORE BOOKING - A MUST"	First, let me say DO NOT book this hotel online as they have a hidden 25% cancellation fee and they will CHARGE YOUR CREDIT CARD IN FULL even though you are suppose to pay it in CASH when you arrive (I booked through HOSTELWORLD.COM).I went through numerous phone calls back and forth with this hotel to try and talk to someone about cancelling my room. They told me I have to send an email to cancel. So I did. Simple right? Think again.When I did get a hold by phone the manager/owner lets call him &quot;Hady&quot;...he told me to check my email as he was just sending me a return message. This is the &quot;exact&quot; message he wrote:&quot;Bonjour:We acknowledge receipt to your e-mail message informing us about your request to cancel your booking.As per our cancellation policy, your card will be charged in full, and we grant you a credit which is valid for a full 365 days from today.Please advise us at least 15 days prior to your next arrival date and we will do our best to accommodate you provided there is availability.When calling for re-booking please mention Ref.No.: *********&quot;---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ridiculous eh? I wanted my money back. I phoned back and asked him if this was a joke. I told him I may not be able to travel there next year and he says send a friend to use it. Then I mentioned to him, I would like a FULL return of my money as I never used any of your hotels services and I cancelled the next day with THREE WEEKS NOTICE!!! I then mention to him this 25% cancellation fee I received AFTER I booked in an email, and he says then send an email saying you want to cancel....RIDICULOUS!!! So, I go ahead and send him a cancellation message AGAIN and to credit me the full amount back on my credit card. He then send a return message with the amount I will be credited back and guess what - It was more like 35%. I didn't care what this crook was trying to do as I knew I would get my full amount back due to the faulty misleading cancellation notice and fee. BE SURE NOT TO USE YOUR VISA.....and please read further reviews, especially the REAL ones (you will get everything you want to know). WORST SERVICE AWARD to this hotel. ....apparently the rats running through the vents and crank addicts using the rooms ain't a selling point either!!!Thanks tripadvisor for providing this service to warn fellow travellers.Yours truly,-M-	
Jul 23 2009 	Fabulous location lovely staff	We had a two day stay with three other people in mid July and found this hotel to be a very good value for the money. The location could not have been better, the staff delightful and helpful, and the showers superb! The rooms are small but fine with all the necessary amenities. The breakfast was tasty and the staff encouraged us to relax and drink as much coffee as we wanted. I would recommend this in a heartbeat!Jacquie	
Jul 18 2009 	A Bargain	This hotel is a bargain if you're not looking for frills or luxury accomodations. When I arrived I was told my room was on the second floor. Being in the process of healing from a fracture and travelling solo, I asked the desk clerk to help me with my suitcase. While she did it, she wasn't very happy about it.The room was very, very small but did have a nice view of Rue Berri. The bathroom was probably nicer than the room. I have to say, everything was very clean. My corner room was very quiet.The included breakfast was &quot;American style&quot;. There were five options to choose from, e.g. eggs, meat, fruit, toast and coffee or tea. The restaurant ambience was okay.The location was very good. You can walk to most everything.If price is your first concern, I would recommend this hotel. If you're used to a little pampering and luxury, this wouldn't be the place for you.	
Jul 7 2009 	Worst Service Ever Dirty and had a RAT in room A/C vent!!!	I booked a five night stay at this hotel via their web site back in January 2009. I was immediatly charged 25% of the total as a non refundable deposit as per the hotel policy. I was happy to do so to secure the room. In February plans changed and I needed to cancel one of the nights. I was prepared to eat the 25% deposit on that night as I had agreed to those terms. I sent an email to the hotel via their web-page with this request. I waited for about 3 weeks and got no response. I callled the hotel and was unable to communicate in my broken French with the lady who answered. I called back and used my French speaking friend to translate. We spoke to the manager and he agreed to cancel the night but that I would have to pay the 25% which was fine with me. He left me a message on my voicemail confirming this agreement.When I arrived at the hotel to check in there was no reservation under my name. I had my copy of the booking confirmation email that showed the initial booking of 5 days. The lady at the desk said that I was deemed a &quot;no show&quot; for the previous night which is the one that I had cancelled months earlier. I told her that I had cancelled and that the manager was aware. I was given a room but charged 100% for all five nights. I complained and was told that I would have to speak to the manager in the morning.I went up to my room and could not BELIEVE that I had just paid for such a dirty, small and smelly room. The carpet was filthy, the furniture was broken and the places smelled of recent extermination chemicals. The bathroom was marginally better but was extremely dark and dingy. It was also very loud and not condusive to sleeping without earplugs. On the second morning I could hear a persistent scratching coming from the ventilation gate. I got up on my bed to look and observed the rear end and tail of a rat scurrying away. The rat made only that one appearance and I don't think it left the ventilation and got in the room.Later in the week I met with the manager. He denied ever talking to me even tho I had written his name at the time and that there was a phone message on my machine from him! He told me that I was LUCKY that he decided to give me the room as my &quot;no show&quot; on the first night cost him hundreds of dollars has he could have rented the room for more. I kept reminding him that I had paid in full and that I (along with him) had cancelled that night per his hotel policy more than three months ago paying the 25% penalty. He eventually gave me $50 back which is about half of what I should have gotten. It was very frustrating as he knew I was stuck and used that as leverage. I asked to cancel the entire reservation and he said that I would get no refund for the entire 5 nights! He was EXTREMELY RUDE and blamed everything on me.The icing on the cake so to speak was the last day. I asked how to get to the airport bus. The manager said he could sell me tickets and book that bus for me and I agreed thinking that he was trying to make up for all the other hassles. I was wrong. He arranged the free shuttle bus to pick me up and sold me a ticket for $16 for the airport bus. When I got to the bus station I was advised that the ticket I had was FRADULANT and INVALID. I had no time to return to the hotel to complain and was forced to buy another ticket so I didn't miss my flight.Needless to say I warn anyone who stays at CHAMPS DE MARS that the owner is a scam artist. Once he has your cc number he will charge at will and then berate you and yell at you if you try to stand up to him! STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL	
Jun 23 2009	Cheap clean and well located	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel on a recent trip to Montreal. I had known that there was no elavator but was not prepared for the number of stairs! That aside, the hotel was clean and the staff was extremely helpful. I would return to this hotel without hesitation	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice trip -- till the end	I really liked the hotel. It was in a fantastic location and the room while spartan, served our needs as a young couple. The staff was friendly and the free breakfast was a great way to start the day. Unfortunately, on our last night, there was a mix up with our reservation. For whatever reason, they had accidentally failed to record the reservation for our last night in the computer. Luckily, we had a receipt from expedia showing that we had paid in full and specifically for what dates. It could have ended amicably there with them just letting us stay (hotel not full). But alas, the owner was so rude. SO rude. He said that he was being kind to let us stay and he could kick us out and send us to another hotel and that we should be grateful to him for his generosity at honoring our reservation which was not in his computer. (which was their fault). I said, well, if we went to another hotel, you'd have to give us our money back. To which replied &quot;not really, I wouldn't. And you'd be on the street&quot; or something to that effect. I made a horrified face. As one would. And he said something like &quot;just don't make that face, stop making those faces. just be glad that you have a room&quot;. I was shocked, I mean... we reserved and paid for the room months prior. It's not like I had just raided his living room to sleep on the couch for a month for free and eat his groceries. My boyfriend told me to drop it. I did. But it left a bad taste in my mouth to the extent that I felt I had to write this review. I would have said 4 stars, now it's down to 2. Also, they charge $1 for picking up the phone and making a call, even if the other person's line is busy and the call doesn't go through. So don't try more than once to make a call (you better know they'll be home!) or you'll end up with lots of $ in charges.	
May 29 2009	Staff - extremely polite and helpful; location - ideal; rooms - grim but adequate.	I stayed here with a friend having read the reviews (we couldn't believe Lonely Planet had described it as having a &quot;lovely, timeless style&quot; when we saw the room - furniture out of a junk shop more like!). So I knew that: 1) I may have to drag my large suitcase up 3 floors (I did, but that was OK), 2) the rooms would be small and noisy (they were, but I wasn't there to linger in my hotel room and kept my bag packed ready for a quick getaway (wishful thinking!) and had earplugs (my friend didn't though and she didn't get much sleep)), and 3) the breakfast would be great (but since I don't eat a cooked breakfast and breakfast wasn't included in our deal, I considered $10 a bit steep for a croissant and coffee and took my custom elsewhere). What I wasn't prepared for was: 1) the dried chewing gum on the carpet by my bed when I arrived (yuk! Was that to make up for no breakfast included?!), 2) the two enormous ants frolicking over my sheets in the morning (fortunately, after this grim first night's experience in the dark and dingey room 103, the manager moved us to the lighter, brighter and chewing-gum-free room 305 with a view as he said they needed to do renovation work in the bathroom, and the ants didn't follow us), or 3) the propensity of the toilet to get blocked (this wasn't a problem though, the manager kindly offered us the use of another room but as it happened on our last night, we didn't take him up on the offer). However, the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful despite our rudimentary schoolgirl French (at least we tried!), the location was fantastic for the metro and walking around the old town, and it was VERY cheap (we rang them and were offered a 3 nights for the price of 2 deal). So given the price and the extreme courtesy of the staff, I put up with the tattyness of the place, but I wouldn't return and would only recommend it to those staying for one night who aren't overly fussy about cleanliness (carpet needed vacuuming, but sheets and bathroom appeared clean enough) and aren't planning on spending any time in their room.	
Feb 25 2009 	Don't go This is a Hostel with private bathrooms	Went Feb 14th, room just fits the double bed plus a foot on each side. Check in before 10pm or else you must make a phone call and then wait around. No elevator. Dark and creepy throughout. Found an Exstacy tablet on the floor of our room. Bathroom is sub par and needed a good cleaning. Check is at 11am and they ring the room to remind you.The breakfast was pretty good. The service personnel were courteous.Nice place if you are or have been homeless.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great location great value great staff!	I travelled to Montreal for business/mini-holiday and booked this hotel prior to reading the reviews. The only mistake I made was to read the bad reviews! Staying here was fantastic for the amount of money you pay! The location is superb and the staff were very friendly - for those travellers who said the staff were rude/unhelpful, perhaps it is your attitude that stinks! For one reviewer who said that they take a copy of your ID or passport - well of course they do! What if you trash the room or don't pay your debt etc. How do they find you? You obviously don't travel much because if you did, you'd know this happens everywhere and is not a scam to steal your identity.There are definitely NO bedbugs here! It was extremely clean and the toilet and shower were cleaned daily. The cleaning lady even arranged all my cosmetic bottles in height order every day to make things neat. Yes, the rooms are tiny and the woodwork chipped, but what do you expect? If you want 5 star quality you'll have to pay for it.So, all in all, a great hotel, plenty of character, VERY clean with friendly and helpful staff, great breakfasts and a sensational price. You will not regret your stay here.Champ de Mars, a great hotel, Montreal a great city! Loved it!	
Jan 4 2009	the hot and the cold	I will make this short, as i hate to write very much :)Ok, the service was great, the owner was professional and so was the people working for him.The free breakfast was good (I am a Chef as well). Though, a note on the free breakfast, This is not a buffet, it is operated like a small restaurant. If you book a night you get one free meal for this night, though you must pay the tip for the lovely spanish cook lady. (as a note: perfect service in french english or spanish in this hotel, great stuff)The hotel was very clean, and smelled great with a nice xmas decoration.The only thing that bothered me was that the rooms were cold, so was the hallways. This is an old Hotel and i guess more cold can enter than it can give away heat.Though the situation inproved a bit better as the outside temperature did shift to higer degrees. So if you travel from a tropical location, do not rent a room here in winter plz..Ok, this hotel did not spoil the great time i had in montreal, but i would sadly not go back :(	
Dec 8 2008 	Not very impressed.	I booked my hotel stay online. The pictures on their site looked pretty good and it was close to the train station. When i got to the hotel...we checked in and inquired about any nearby restaurants from where we could order from. The only response we got was that we could eat there...no other help was offered to 2 people that are not from Montreal and not familiar with the area. After checking in, we went up to the hotel and found a room that looked like it had not been taken care of in a while (cracks in the walls, heat off, dirty walls and even facial hair left in the sink). This was a very small room with a bed, desk and bureau in it. Since there was no fridge...we went downstairs and asked for ice...of course no ice and nothing was available for us. I told myself that i only there for 2 nights and the first night stay hadn't even started and i wanted to leave ASAP. The first night i was there...we did hear quite a bit of noise that a semi sound proof room would not hear. The second night....little did we know...there was a Christmas party booked there with live music. I had been out for business all day and returned a little past 8 o'clock at night and was extremely tired. All we heard for most of the night is loud music, people yelling and walking around in the corridors. The next morning we got up...had our &quot;free&quot; breakfast. Owners of the hotel inquired if we slept well due to all the noise. YEAH RIGHT! Never again will i stay in that place. I would have expected much more for the price i paid. Next time i will make sure to shop around much more.	
Nov 18 2008 	Beautiful romantic getaway	I found myself with a vacation week and no plans but then I noticed this little hotel online and was so thrilled with the price I thought it was worth it to spoil my hubby and I. WE ARE SO GLAD WE DID IT!Yes the rooms are small but the high ceilings, large windows facing the city, very well insulated almost sound proof walls and the cleanest hotel room I have seen in quite a while make up for the lack of wasted floor space.You get a free breakfast in the wonderful restaurant each morning and a key to the hotel front door if you are staying out late...(as she said &quot;this is not your momma's house&quot; when we asked about the curfew)Beautiful old building in the old section of Montreal so well located that we walked everywhere except when we visited the underground city for some shopping. I will never book with a major hotel chain in this city because the wonderful hotel made me feel part of Old Montreal.To another review...&quot;Yes Dallas, the city is French so that shouldn't have surprised you.&quot;	
Sep 19 2008 	The value of reviews . . . or not	I read the reviews of others carefully before finally choosing this place for a 10 day trip to Montreal, purely pleasure. It looked ok from the photos, and seemed a good location, but some of the reviews were disturbing. Had I not read them, I would have just booked it. In the end I went with my intuition and did. It was wonderful. Helpful, pleasant, caring staff, great food, clean, quiet and quaint. Walking distance from Vieux Montreal, the Places des Arts, the Latin Quarter, Chinatown, the Village, the Metro,all the sites along the river and many restaurants. Ok, the room was small, but who goes to Montreal on holiday for the room?	
Aug 20 2008 	Good location that's all!	My husband and I spent two nights at this place. Since we read all the reviews we knew what to expect. The room are extremely small and had the smallest TV I had ever seen. They are, however, nice and clean for the price you pay.This place is good if you are hoping to spend most of your time outside. The bed and the floors are creaky. I think the building is slanted and looks very old. Sometimes you can hear the noises outside and in the passageways. This hotel is in Old Montreal and all the attractions are within walking distance. You can also take the bus right in front of the hotel. We had a room on the third floor. Surprise! there's no elevator. We had to drag our heavy bags up several short staircases. So don't take heavy luggage if you can help it. The breakfast was surprisingly good and so were the items on the dinner menu. As for friendliness of staff, I couldn't care less! Just make sure that you are positive about your booking and that you don't need to keep deposits and don't have to deal much with staff. If you travel from the US, you will find most French Canadians quite rude in comparison. Don't expect them to smile or share friendly greetings. Most of them just don't! If you ask a question though, most people are willing to help. Most of them do speak English. Parking is not cheap in this area. The hotel does not have parking. There is a parking garage on another street close to the hotel that charges $16 per day. However, parking is free on the street at certain hours on weekdays and after six on Saturday, before 1pm on Sunday. You just need to understand the signs in French. The parking meters will take around $2 per hour for parking. Remember that most signs (not all) in Montreal are in French. So knowing your north, south, east, west in French as well as the days of the week will be a great help. Most highway signs are in French too!	
Aug 16 2008 	For the price and location it was worth it.	I read all the reviews about this hotel on so many other websites and finally I decided to make my reservation. Some things were right on the money. The front desk people are not the friendliest or as bubbly as some of us might be used to but the always gave the information you requested and made other suggestions when asked. The room was really tiny, I could barely move around and often stood on my bed to turn on the TV :) But I realize that it is a local, family-owned hotel in an old building and it was just meant to serve as a place to rest my head at night. I barely spent much time in the room. The location was more than PERFECT!! I could walk to everywhere, there were 2 metro stops within a stone's throw from each other. The hotel gave you excellent scrumptious breakfast. The french toast was just the way I like it, without the powdered sugar and the maple syrup was so good. I bought a couple bottles to bring back to the USA. In general, I probably will stay here again if I go back to Montreal as it was perfect for me. There are no elevators though so you have to carry your luggage up some stairs, but that is part of being in an older building.	
Jul 26 2008 	Perfect in Every Way!	I read the reviews, too, and I think some people need to get a handle on what they need in a lodging place and book accordingly. The Hotel Champ-De-Mars was in a PERFECT location -- near everything, but super quiet. You should, indeed, know that check-in is before 11:00 p.m., when the doors are locked; but if you make arrangements for late check-in, they are happy to accomodate. THIS IS NOT A LUXURY HOTEL, duh -- isn't this obvious from the price? What it IS is a clean, well-kept, safe, and charming place to sleep while you visit Montreal. I went with a good friend, and we knew in advance that the room would be small and only have one bed (a queen). That bed was comfortable and clean; pillows fluffy, and even though we had brought our own pillowcases, the sheets/pillows seemed clean and soft. We had a third (fourth) floor room, but being from Chicago, we live in walk-ups anyway and this wasn't a big deal to us. The room had a fabulous window, lots of light and nice view. It had a wall-mounted TV; no phone, no clock or radio (we had brought our own). Radiant heat was in-room, with full controls, which was nice, as it got a little chilly at night and in early morning. Not sure if there was AC; it was never hot in the room, so, we didn't look. The bathroom was clean, well-appointed (enough towels, TP, shower cap, soap, shampoo, cups), and the shower was a reasonable size -- and the water was SO HOT (unexpected, and wonderful). Didn't hear noise from any other rooms; don't know how full the hotel was, because we tended to get up and out early, and come back late (sometimes dropping in the afternoon for a rest/refresh/change of clothes). Housekeeping brought fresh cups and towels and restocked daily (and cutely neatened up our stuff for us). Note: for anyone who doesn't know, housekeeping staff changes daily (at all hotels), and it is always a good idea to leave a dollar or two each day rather than one lump sum at the end. It's polite, and it may get you better service. We didn't notice any security issues, but, we didn't bring anything of value, really (no laptops, jewelry, etc.) -- i left my ipod, passport and some cash in my suitcase after the first day carrying it all, and it didn't disappear. I would've liked a deadbolt on the door for sleeping, but didn't feel unsafe for myself or my things, especially with the locked doors downstairs and the requirement of walking up four flights to steal things from our room! We arrived at about 11:00 a.m. on Thursday July 3rd and were allowed to check in early (we had just been planning on leaving our things and coming back at 3, the posted time). The keys are REAL keys, a separate one for the front door (locked at 11, like i mentioned), the stairway, and the room itself. The woman at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. A couple ahead of us didn't like their room and she changed it immediately (don't know how they felt about room #2, didn't see them again). No problem with reservations or extra weird or unexpected charges. We booked through Travelocity and got the lodging for 4 nights plus air from Chicago for $574 each over the July 4th weekend. Don't know if the front desk has a safe; meant to ask but didn't. Glad we didn't put our passports in it, though, since we left too early for anyone to be there and the front was locked up. I wrote a note, wrapped it around our key, and left it out on the counter; I didn't get charged extra, so apparently that was okay. In retrospect, we should've made arrangements for early check-out.Breakfast comes included; you get your choice of 6 or so options, all with coffee/tea and juice included (e.g., bagel with cream cheese and fruit, waffle or pancakes with bacon and fruit, eggs with bacon/sausage and potatoes, cold cereal or oatmeal with fruit, etc.). Breakfast is only served from 8 to 11, and the dining room is right downstairs. It seemed to be a restaurant during the other times, with bar, but we didn't eat there otherwise. Breakfast was good and service friendly. The staff seemed to all be family, or at least close friends. They were very pleasant and it was a good way to start the day. If you are used to the Denny's grand slam, this will not be enough food for you, but we were very satisfied. They give you coupons for your breakfast at check-in; don't lose them, you have to present them upon being seated to the server to get it free. Tip is not included. (Generally, we found, tip was not included in Canada, and we hear 15% is adequate, but we're from service backgrounds so we probably overtipped.)The best thing about this place is that it is so close to everything. We flew in and took the aerobus from the airport (runs ever 1/2 hour and if you buy a round-trip ticket it's $25 CAD -- don't need reservations for either way, pick it up right at baggage claim). The bus stops a few places (the train station and one hotel, I think) before coming to the main bus terminal - UCAM/Berri. This is also a main transfer point for the city train lines, which are pretty much just like Chicago's, organized by color and destination, e.g., a brown line train to kimball (northbound) or a brown line train to the loop (southbound). Maps are everywhere. A day pass costs, I think, $8? Maybe $6? A ride is like $2 or so. Sorry, I don't remember the specifics. (That part was less easy to figure out! I'm pretty sure there are transfers with single fares, in some way, but don't know for sure.) The city trains go out to the islands and around the city. They are fast, clean and nice. The UCAM bus terminal is also where to get the buses to other cities; good luck finding a schedule on your own -- just ask the information people and they'll hand you one. We took a bus up to Quebec City one day at like 6:00 a.m. -- slept on the way (3 hours) and returned home that night (last bus back leaves Q.C. at 10:30 p.m.) for about $85 CAD. Definitely worth doing, although if we had more time I would've liked to stay another day in Q.C.From the UCAM bus terminal, it is about 1/2 - 3/4 mile or so to the hotel. I'm sure a cab would be cheap, but the walk is safe and fine if you are a walker. Be careful, the sidewalk is a bike lane in places, and those folks FLY -- pay attention! Head &quot;south&quot; toward the river; it's across the street from the giant castle-looking building with the copper roof turrets (never could figure out what that used to be, some sort of government building, apparently, now abandoned).From the hotel, it's maybe 1/4 mile to the old town and all its restaurants, shops, and other tourist-y stuff. We stayed out pretty late most nights, and never felt unsafe walking back, either. It's just enough out of the bustle to be quiet, but close enough to be convenient and safe.We are both women in our 20's and weren't looking for luxury, just somewhere safe and clean to sleep while we played tourist. I recommend this hotel 100% to anyone who is looking for the same. I have nothing at all bad to say about this place, would stay there again without reservation, and would recommend it to my closest friends, although it probably wouldn't suit my mom, who likes a little more creature comfort with her hotel suite.	
Jul 24 2008 	Didn't even stay - and hated it!	I booked this hotel through Bonjour Quebec after seeing the fabulous price (65 dollars a night) and looking at the website of the hotel. I understand why it was so cheap now!After getting a little nervous at the contradictory Trip Advisor reviews, I decided to cancel my reservation 2 weeks prior to my trip. Unfortunately according to their policies, there is a 25% fee of your entire bill (for all the nights you would stay) that is non-refundable. It is 100% non-refundable if you cancel within 48 hours. (I should have been a little suspicious already of a hotel with such policies!) Anyways, with 2 weeks in hand, I wrote an email to the hotel to cancel, deciding to suck up the 25% cancellation fee. They wrote me back (which CONFIRMED they received my email) offering me a special deal to come. I declined in a subsequent email, to which they never replied. At this point, I got a tad worried since I didn't want the full amount charged to my credit card, and called to cancel. I had to call twice, because the first time, the receptionist told me that she was unable to cancel the reservation and that I would have to contact the head office, to which she didn't have the number. UMMMM WHAT?? I'm quite sure that this little hotel has no head office, to which she strangely could not connect me to. The second time I called I received a different receptionist who cancelled my reservation. So, imagine my surprise when I ended up receiving a ~$150 dollar charge from the hotel after I 'failed to show' up for my reservation. I ended up having to contest the charge through my credit card company (of course the hotel didn't fight it because they had no means to, I'm sure they just do this to everyone, perhaps some people wouldn't notice or wouldn't want to deal with it). I'm just a student so that did affect my budget!Anyways, I never stayed there, but after an experience like that, I would never want to and would tell everyone else never to go!!	
Jul 24 2008	Champ de Mars in Montreal	My daughter and I traveled to Montreal in July for a quick getaway and stayed at the Champ de Mars. Location was our primary objective and the Champ de Mars is well-situated to the undergrounds and a very short walk to the hub of the Old Port.A two-star hotel, Champ de Mars is not pretentious and the facilities were clean and fairly well kept. Breakfast was fresh and graciously served each day by a very friendy and cheerful staff.Would consider staying there on our next visit to Canada.	
Jul 23 2008 	A horrible experience	Was there to stay from 11th and 30th March 2008 incl.Already on arrival I was treated very badly by the owner and hadto leave on 18th because I could not take any more insults. I was humiliated and demeaned by the him and when I askedhim if i could find any cafe or restaurant around (or for that matterabout anything), he just waved me off and said that he did not know.He refused to even look an address up for me on the reception'scomputer that was connected to internet. He was extremely rude.This he was in front of other guests his staff and his familymembers. On arrival, he took extra deposit of 100 dollars from me cash onthe side although I had paid deposit of USD 92.37 through mycard via internet initially and also paid for the Hotel in cash onarrival in advance.Even though I was extremely tired after my journey I sensedthat something was wrong &amp; I reacted to it after I went up to theroom and realising that he did not include that CAD100 in thereceipt that he gave me, I came back from the room and toldhim to give me a receipt for the 100 CAD as deposit too.He arrognatly said that He sometimes charged a deposit of 500CAD etc. and no receipt was needed for that, and if I wanted to stay there I had to follow HIS rules and I should begrateful that he took only CAD100. I demanded a receipt and oninsistence he magnanimously wrote on the paper that he hadgiven me earlier &quot;deposit $100&quot; cash.Later on he denied that I had given him extra deposit of 100 dollars, and refused to pay it back, but after several heated arguments and a long chat with his staff, who seemed to be very much afraid to tell him that I was right (hence she wouldlose her job) and on presentation of the paper he hadangriy signed, and on which he had written “$100 Deposit”, and probably realising that he was wrong, I got (at last) thatdeposit back too when I checked out On 18th. Intially he did not want to pay it back and told me to be satisfiedwith refund of the 88CAD = 92.37 USD that I had remittedthrough my card on the day I booked, or leave that too. Iperceived it as him telling me to &quot;just get lost&quot;.It was very insulting and humiliating and I really felt extremely sad &amp; cheated and I told that to one of his staff and she promised to talk with him after which (as I mentioned earlier) it seemed that he realised what he had done. It is very sad.Info about internet (that there was internet connection in everyroom) given to me by this man on the phone when I phoned from Sweden did not turn out to be correct at all.He had also told me that I did not need to a laptop with me since they had one in their cafe for guests to use.The other staff and his wife were extremely nice to me, but alas, I had to leave the Hotel because it would have culminated in a bigger row and I felt horribleand sick because of the atmosphere that this mancreated for me.He seemed to have some selected customers with whomhe was very much buddy buddy as soon as they appeared.Moreover, the rooms were very small, the water in the washroom very much fluctuating from luke warm to verycold.Nowhere to hang clothes, apart from some hooks, although Igot some hangers on requesting for them. One could hear doors banging and floorboardsscreeching on every arrival of guests late at night, walking. One could hear the guest in neighbouring rooms talking veryclearly nd also when they were engaged in acts of lovemakingwhich was a quite uncomfortable &amp; disturbing.I do not wish to make more comments on that at this stage.I would class this place as under -1 star hotel.I must, in all fairness, mention here that both his wifeand the staff tried to make it as comfortable for meas they could. I am certainly very grateful to them.But, sadly, the damage was already done.Wrote to HostelsWorld to complain and also hoped to get my money Back for the period between 18th-30th incl. But they (HostelWorld) have never bothered to reply.It was a horrible experience.	
Jun 22 2008 	Clean basic 	I was in Montreal for an event on rue Champs-de-Mars so I picked this hotel for it's location and price ($85/night using tripadvisor's search engine.. half the price of other &quot;brand name&quot; hotels). I was in a single room on the second floor. There's no elevator, but it's only four stories so it's not much of a problem to climb two flights of stairs, especially since Montreal is an incredibly walkable city and full of hills... two more flights of stairs isn't much to complain about. The room was very very small, a double bed (not a queen sized), a tiny bed side table and a 13&quot; colour tv bolted to the corner of the wall at the ceiling. The bathroom was equally small but all the necessities were there, save a hairdryer. The other rooms on my floor were singles (like mine) or doubles (slightly larger but not by much) Breakfast was free for guests and huge!!! I never managed to finish a single breakfast while I was there: fresh melons and orange slices, toast, juice, hash browns, coffee, and your choice of eggs &amp; bacon, or french toast or pancakes or cereal or bagels. The staff was friendly, bilingual, and very helpful with directions. The rooms were clean and didn't smell like smoke, something that I was expecting given Montrealer's penchant for chain smoking. The location was excellent: 4 blocks away from major metro and bus stops, 2 blocks away from Vieux Montreal and St Paul (tourist destination and great boutique shopping). For the bargain traveler that isn't picky about having a huge room and 400-thread count sheets, this was a great hotel and I recommend it if you're looking for a nice, clean, quiet place to collapse after a long day of hiking and shopping.	
May 1 2008 	Perfect for exploring Old Montreal	Hotel is just off a main Montreal expressway - very easy to find. Underground parking was around the corner and reasonably priced. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was clean and tidy. We stayed on third floor which is really four flights of stairs and no elevator. OK bed, but great shower. The hotel is one block from Old Montreal so once the car was parked we walked everywhere. The room was small but who cares because we were out on the town! There was fresh coffee when we arrived. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel because there were too many cool cafe's to explore. Regardless of earlier reviews there there NO bedbugs, NO problem with on line booking, NO problem with our credit cards. It was really a neat little hotel and we'll be staying there again soon.	
Jan 1 2008 	basic accommodation	We were visiting my sister who lives in Montreal, but this hotel was part of a package deal with airfare on Travelocity that was about the same price as the airfare alone, so we tried it. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good as others have mentioned - it is hot and made to order. The rooms were spartan and small but not terrible, although they are more what you would expect from a pension in europe and not a typical north americal hotel. keep this in mind, and you should be fine. close to old montreal and walking distance to st. catherine st. etc. there is a tv in the room as well.	
Nov 15 2007 	Low budget rooms in a decent location	Small rooms and a little grimy, but in a decent location. The breakfast that was included was a good deal however, not just muffins and cold cereal. Not a place to go if you're looking for a romantic getaway, but if you want a cheap place to sleep when exploring Montreal perhaps this is for you. Booked on Travelocity using &quot;best buy&quot; rules so I had to pay up front and they wouldn't refund when I wanted to check out early so they aren't very flexible in those regards. Book for 1 night to see if you like the place first....we were stuck for 3. uggh.	
Aug 14 2007	Total HORROR Story	I booked this hotel thru Orbitz and the price was right (shame on me) and Orbitz keeps the cash no matter what happens. I arrived at the hotel in mid afternoon, aminities were sparce and hotel was small. There were two grimy young ladies with caked makeup sitting in the lobby checking everyman who entered. I went to the desk and presented my Orbitz confimation and the credit card I used to make the reservation. Lady told me she needed my License and I opened my wallet to show it to her where upon she told me to take it out as she had to COPY my License and Credit Card. I have never been asked to do this anywhere in 45 years of traveling. My knowledge of Montreal goes a long way and Credit Card Fraud and ID theft is rampant there. I told the clerk I had given and showed her all she would need and she called the owner who told me that if I wanted to stay in his hotel I would have to follow his rules. Of course I did not stay and wonder to this day if any ID theft cases imminated from that Hotel. Orbitz told me to go to you know where as reservation is Non-Refundable even if the Owner makes it impossible to stay. Orbitz got the owner to agree to not copy my information but it was 6 hours later and I already found a more reputable hotel. That is my story folks so if your personal information is of any value to you do not ever book or stay at this hotel.	
Jul 12 2007	Good Budget Option	The Hotel Champ-de-Mars has more in common with the budget pensións I've stayed at in Europe than the commercial chains prevalent in North America, but it still provides a good budget option in Vieux Montreal. The rooms are admittedly somewhat shabby and small (we had to keep our suitcase in the bathroom), but it was still fairly comfortable and it &amp; the en-suite bathroom were clean. Breakfast was included with our room cost and was plentiful with a decent selection. Although the staff weren't particularly effusive, we found them to be helpful and friendly and the Hotel is obviously a family business. The building is quite old, formerly a sailor's pub, and the conversion isn't especially sympathetic, although some of the older features still remain in the comfortable hotel lobby. There's no lift, so if you are in the budget rooms on the third floor (as we were) you get plenty of exercise. All in all, not an especially flashy place, but a good one to lay your head in after a day spent wandering around Montreal. We booked last minute via a hostel booking site, which could account for the reasonable price.	
Jul 7 2007	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel in June 2007. The location of the hotel was excellent . it was close to old Montreal tourist attractions and the Metro statiion. The staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the hot breaklfast that consisted of bacon eggs, pancakes etc. The only minor draw back is the size of the hotel room european style. But you only sleep in the hotel room. I would recommend this hotel and would return when visiting Montreal	
Jul 7 2007 	Stay away from this 'hotel'	We booked this hotel because it looked close enough to the main city at an affordable price. We don't expect a lot from them. Just a nice clean room to rest for the night, stuff in the room are working, friendly people - that's all. But what we got was a lecture from the lady at the front desk about the importance of tipping, a horribly small room with faulty lights. The airconditioning was down for the whole floor and we had to ask them to see the rooms for themselves when they were accusing us for fiddling with the dials.I know we paid little for the room but we just needed basic amenities. And we got none from them.	
Jul 6 2007 	It is what it is....	We spent a week in Montreal in May of 2007 and stayed at this hotel. We booked it on-line as part of a travel package and the price couldn't be beat.If I had paid the full rate, I would have felt like a victim of highway robbery. But, for the price we paid, this hotel was just fine.It was a little frustrating when we arrived, however, because we were told that we were getting assigned to a smaller room and we were offered the opportunity to upgrade to a somewhat larger (but still quite small) room for an additional charge. We ended up opting for the upgrade, which was probably just a scam they use, but the room was bigger and it came with complimentary breakfast for two.On balance, I don't regret having stayed there. The location was excellent. The staff members were helpful to us, if perhaps a bit stiff. But, they were responsive and assisted us with car rentals, directions, restaurant recommendations, etc.Truly, this place doesn't have the amenities of a full scale Hilton-type hotel. There is no elevator, the decor is dated, the rooms (even with an upgrade) are small. But, if you can book this place for a very reasonable rate, you'll be satisfied with the place and you'll really enjoy the location.	
Jun 1 2007 	I loved it	First, I got this hotel for a great price. This hotel is at a great location and close to all the tourist attractions. Its a very nice and cozy hotel. The rooms are definitely not as big as your conventional big name hotles but this hotel has a character to it. It is a very old hotel and very european style. Breakfasts are amazing. If you want to spend your vacation just sitting in your room, this hotel is not your place of course. But if you want to be close to a very nice neighborhood and historic places and you don't want to spend more than 100$ a day this place is absolutely worth it it.	
May 15 2007 	just OK	This hotel has a very good location if you're looking to stay in Vieux-Montreal and it's close to a metro station, but there are some downsides. All the rooms are at least one floor above ground level and after a day of walking 5 to 10 miles to see the all the sites, the stairs are daunting. I'm glad that I was on the first floor. I couldn't imagine staying on the top level. A big negative was that you always need your keys in hand to even access the door to the stairs, no matter what time of day it is. The hotel is surrounded on all sides by apartments converted for the homeless and there are many around. You will never go a day without being asked for change at least five times. The desk clerks were pretty nice to me...contrary to what others have said on here. BUT, overall, the people of Montreal are the most pretentious, judgemental people I have ever come in contact with. The room is extremely small but not uncomfortable. I got this hotel room for a great deal on hotwire.com for about 50 dollars a night (the room is worth that but not the standard 155 dollars a night if you don't have a reservation.) But, if at all possible, avoid this city all-together. It's dirty. The people are rude and even mean at times. If you do go to Montreal, make sure you know some French because you get treated like a rat if you don't speak the language.	
May 14 2007 	Adorable Hotel!	Really angered to see so many negative (and seemingly mostly petty) reviews of this place because we had a perfect stay! Staff was very accommodating, the free breakfast was AMAZING (6 options to chose from, all made to your specifications), this was a far better stay at such a quaint place than a Holiday Inn and the like could have ever offered.Maybe it's because we are from New York City and are used to smaller rooms and lesser conveniences, but who cares if you have 3 keys? Who cares if there's no elevator? It was clean, comfortable (the rooms were smaller, yes--but we came to see the city, NOT spend all our time in a hotel room), and very convenient to walking to old town and down town. You are absolutely getting what you pay for and this place is a deal.Would definitely stay here again and highly recommend Hotel Champ-De-Mars!	
Apr 4 2007 	the lady at the front desk was mean	I stayed at this &quot;hotel&quot; for two nights. the lady at the front desk (she seemed to be the owner) was nice at first. it turned out that she was trying to make some extra money by hooking us up with some other tours and airport shuttles. when she realized that we already bought our round-trip shuttle bus ticket to the airport and we would be doing our travel independently, she got upset. she refused to tell us where the bus terminal was in the neighborhood. basically she kept telling us that she had no idea and the bus terminal was where EVERY bus goes. there was no way that she wouldn't have known that. it's called Station Centrale (505 boul. de Maisonneuve est). You can just walk along Rue Berri for less than 10 minutes. I think the quality of the hotel is just okay. it's cute, but they have horrible decorations. some molds in the bathroom. but the cleaning was excellent. the breakfast that comes with is not so bad but not so much choice. If I ever go back to montreal, I would rather pay a little more for the hotel and get bagles and pastries on my own for breakfast. the location is really good though. there was a young lady who worked in the evening shift, and she was really helpful. I think this &quot;hotel&quot; has very thin walls. You can hear people talking and coughing.	
Mar 17 2007 	Possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. At $120 it's robbery!	This is not a hotel, but the equivalent to the cheapest highway motel (except it has four floors). What is lacking here for $125 per night? Everything! The rooms are small, walls have huge cracks (in halls and rooms), no hairdryer in bathrooms, no coffee maker in the rooms, no place to hang clothes (except for a coat hook), and when we arrived I found that the sheets on our bed had not been changed. Yes, it's much worse than a hostel. On the bright side, breakfast is included and quite good, and there is high speed internet. But still not worth it! In terms of the front desk help? Defensive and ready for a complaint to happen!Oh yes, and you are asked to pay &quot;in advance&quot; when you arrive. No wonder!	
Mar 15 2007	If only they didn't have bed bugs....	It's actually pretty sad. The hotel was adorable, rooms were small, but for what you pay it was fine. We went to sightsee and not sit in the hotel so it was fine with me. Make sure you book online, the price otherwise is over $100 - not worth it. If you book through a hostel website (hostelworld) its only like $20 per person. Everyone was really nice and the free breakfast was good. They have one huge problem though - BEDBUGS!! We stayed for 4 nights and each night my friend had huge bumps on her. One on her eye, 2 on her arm, 3 on her neck. We finally complained and they tried to blame it on an allergy to the soap, which obviously would not cause huge red lumps which looked like mosquito bites. They finally changed our room but the same thing happened. She went to the doctors when we got home, and they said that they ewre bed bugs and she had an allergic reaction. We had a really good experience otherwise, but they really need to do something about this	
Mar 12 2007 	Was fine for what it was.	So I booked my trip online for 2 friends and I , I was quoted at one price and stated we would have two double beds or a queen and a single. When we arrived at the hotel we received a room with a double bed and a fold out cot. It was cramp but relatively clean. The price the told me to pay when we arrived was $100 different than the one quoted online and i being a fool and tired paid it. For people in the hospitality business they could use some work, not very friendly or warm, gave very little information regarding the area.Doubt i would ever go again.	
Feb 21 2007 	If you are a [---] - this hotel is for you!	My friend and I stayed here recently. We are students from Toronto and were looking for a clean modest hotel for our trip to Montreal. The location seemed ideal. What could go wrong? So rustic and in the old section of Montreal! I've never before been driven to the point of tears by hotel staff or the condition of a hotel. This has to be the absolute worst hotel in the world, staffed by the most vile group of people one can imagine. I was prepared to detail every terrible experience here, but as I read the reviews, that would be pointless and redundant. Do you want to ruin your trip to Montreal and never come back to this city? If the answer is yes, then this hotel is for you.	
Jan 13 2007 	The Nightmare at the Chumps from Mars	I went to Montreal to see my step daughter who is in the hospital and is very ill. When I got there I asked if there was parking, Yes was the answer 15 min on the corner so you can get your things into the hotel, but there is a guy across the street that will charge you 14.00 a day. The next thing said was, I will give you a larger room since you will be here so long, I said thank you. When I went up to the room I was devistated, it was small and dirty and there were two beds crowed into the room there was barely any room for walking. The stairs were so small I almost fell with my luggage, and when anyone took a shower you could here the water in the pipes, loud I mean really loud. The staff was so rude and snotty almost like they were better than you. They didn't smile it seems ever. Then on top of all that filt of the rooms and the rude staff, when I left and returned home, they phoned me a accused me of stealing books from their hotel, I was so upset I could have just screamed. What in the hell would I want to steal books from a filty hotel such as this. Then they told me that I had left a earring and should they throw it in the trash, what kind of people would say something like this to a customer?. I really wanted my earring but I was to hurt to even care anymore, so I guess they threw it in the trash.. These people are unprofessional and down right rude, I would rather sleep on the streets than to go back to this place. The rooms are so small you can't turn around without bumping into a wall. BEWARE DO NOT ENTER &quot;HOTEL CHUMPS FROM MARS&quot; I wonder if this is a real business or some kind of cover up for something else, because I can't see how anyone could treat customers this way and expect to stay open. On top of the rooms being very uncomfortable they stare at you all the time and make sure you speak french because they probably are talking about spitting in your food or something, with there little giggles .And the high ratings some people are giving are all lies and must be friends of theirs because there is no way a high rating can come from this place. LIES, LIES, LIES THIS IS THE WORST HOTEL I HAVE EVER BEEN TO IN MY WHOLE LIFE AND I TRULLY MEAN THIS.	
Sep 19 2006 	Some good Some bad	First the good: 1. Close (a five minute walk) to a metro station, and a 10 minute walk to the waterfront piers where the boat leave from. A $5.40 ride to the Notre Dame baslilica and about a $5 ride to the heart of the Vieux Montreal old town fine restaurants.2. A complimentary hot breakfast that was on par with much pricier hotels. Several choices too, and the waitres did not charge us more for ordering extra bacon - a generous touch.3. A fairly comfortabe - although a slightly worn - ambiece that may put some off, yet apeal to pothers due to its inherent quirkiness and charm. Now, I noticed a few posts which mentioned the rooms being too small - I did not find this was the case with our room. Well, our room was well-sized and while the facilities were certainly not what you would find in a Hilton, the room did have a certain charm about it.4. A polite, homely and helpful staff, including the proprietor.5. Well priced. I did not shop around too much, so I really cant say if this is much less expensive than the competition, but based on my limited search, it seemed to be near the bottom of the price list in the old Montreal area.Now the bad:1. There is no elevator. The stairs are steep and if you are coming back to your room after a hard day's sightseeing, you crtainy dont want to climb 3 setsof stairs, do you? Take a room on the ground or first floor, or dont bother with this hotel.2. There was no bright light in the room. Not good for someone who wants to read. Having said that, there were three lamps.3. I did not notice any parking on the premises.4. The dinner menu in the restaurant is quite limited and expensive for its class, the 'house beer' is just ok and quite expensive, and the bar closes at 11 pm.5. The neighbourhood seems to be a mix of upmarket housing and outright poverty / drug abuse. I noticed at least 40 or so homeless people in the vicinity of the hotel. I feel sorry for these people, and will be honest - at no time were they threatening or troublesome. Its just that when one is on a vacation, one tends to want to avoid having to come across these unfortunate people who are obviously in such a shameful state due to their chemical dependency. So, they are probably more a 'visual encumbrance' than a safety hazard.Bottomline: If you are a budget traveler and / or need a hotel room for little more than providing a well located place to sleep bathe and breakfast after after a long day's sightseeing, then the Champs De MArs hotel will easily suffice.	
Aug 23 2006 	Better Described as "The Night-De-Mare Hotel" - Stay away from this place.	The plan was a romantic getaway with my girlfriend to Quebec City and Montreal. It was all going to plan until we arrived at our hotel Champ De Mar (a term which should be used extremely loosely when describing it) in Montreal.I searched online and via the Montreal Tourism website and wanted to stay in or near Old Montreal. After reading several hotel descriptions, The Champ De Mar Hotel caught my attention, describing itself with a European atmosphere and having been renovated a few years ago, seemed to be ideal. The hotel online photos seemed to support their description.I've attached photo's as they'll save many thousands words.Our stay went from bad to worse to worst to absolutely terrible.The 2 1/2 star rating not-with-standing, I don't know or understand how this hotel is rated as such, because it is not a hotel and more a hostel. I've stayed in motels with that were much friendlier, cleaner and spacious.The online hotel description is grossly overstated and absolutely misleading and the photo's are certainly well positioned to hide the true nature of this place. Don't be fooled.Location: ** Your not centrally located within Old Montreal, in fact the hotel is on the absolute eastern outskirts of the Old Port and certainly not part of the Old Montreal scene and atmosphere.Reception and Service:** Front desk closes at 11pm. I checked in after 10pm and the front doors were locked, having to wait for the attendant to finally see me and open the door to let me in. ** Once I began the check in process, the attendant advised me that I had to pay for my two day stay in advance with no refund. I discovered the &quot;why&quot; within minutes. I found the staff stereotypically French and very indifferent considering we're visitors to the city. Fortunately, our service experience outside the hotel was very very different.Parking:** There is no parking at the hotel. You must park your car almost two blocks away in a public parking at $15.00 per day and more should you used your car during you stay in Montreal. The walk to the hotel at night is uncomfortable because the street is poorly lit and not part of the well populated tourist area of Old Montreal. Ladies beware.No Elevator:** Should you decided to experience for yourself this hotel, pick a lower floor which to stay. To get to your room you need to use a dark and smelly stairwell that will barely fits yourself with your luggage. And should you encounter someone coming in the opposite direction, there's not enough room someone must back up.Cleanliness:** Generally, it should be much much better. Read on.Bathroom:** See attached photos. It's small with the basic 3 pieces. We used the plastic cups because they were individually wrapped, otherwise we were very careful to touch as little as possible.Our Room:** See attached photos. Small is the only adjective I'll use. We had a double bed and only space enough to walk down one side. ** Do not expect to get a good night sleep. The mattress and pillows are the poorest quality and the furniture are not antiques, rather someone else garbage. The room is small with sealed windows and therefore no air circulation and extremely stuffy and smelly of body odor.** There is no-where to hang up your clothes and never the less decided to keep all our clothes in our suitcases.... explanation to come, read on.** The walls are paper thin and you can hear EVERYTHING, especially if you're lucky to find yourself near the stairwell. We were fortunate (not) to be booked beside a room that had same children and it seemed we were all in the same room.** The now for the best, if your able to get through all the above, that is, cramped quarters, poor mattress and pillows, stuffy and smelly enclosed room and able to close your eyes and fall asleep (more from exhaustion) then in the morning you'll find dozens of BED BUG BITE welts all over your body. Although my girlfriend and I wore our clothing to bed, not sleepware, our cloths, my girlfriend had dozens of bites over her arms, feet and torso where her sweater rode up in bed, including six on her face. Now ladies and gentlemen, how romantic do you think she felt?? Again, stay away from this place.Breakfast:** Our stay included breakfast which is the only minutely good thing I can write about, with you choice of bacon and eggs, french toast and pancakes (Aunt Jemina).** If you expecting Bistro and epicurean cuisine as described in there brochure, then if my aunt had wheels she'd be a wagon. Many many many better places to have breakfast with much more atmosphere.Renovations:** Just looking at the quality of the materials and workmanship; I would guess the material probably came from demolition sites and the workmanship came from summer teenage students with no painting, ceramic or construction knowlegde and the furniture and mattresses from garage sales.Our Escape for Peace of Mind:** For our second night we stayed at the Delta for about $20.00 less than I had already paid for at the Champ De Mar. I suggest anyone who is reading this review (and the others attached) do the same.The Champ De Mar Hotel is better and should more accurately be described as the &quot;Night De Mare Hotel&quot;. And should you decided to ignore not only my experience but the rest of the reviews on Trip Advisor, then best wishes and after your experience is over..... we all tried to warn you and we told you so. Besides, if you want to experience this type of adventure, then I suggest camping, you'll have more room in a tent, plenty of fresh air and you'll be prepared for bug bites with deet.***** The Bad ***** Finding &quot;Hotel Night De Mare&quot;***** The Worse ***** Staying at &quot;Hotel Night De Mare***** The Worst ***** You actually pay premium dollars for your stay at the Hotel Night De Mare.***** The Terrible ***** The time you'll have, if you planned a romantic getaway with that special and significant other in your life and expect any sort of &quot;amore ce soir&quot; in the &quot;Hotel Night De Mare&quot;. It will not happen ladies or gentlemen!!***** The Stupid ***** It's me, for not having consulted Trip Advisor prior to booking the &quot;Hotel Night De Mare&quot;. Having now read the past &quot;victims&quot; reviews would have saved much grief in so many ways. My girlfriend still has the welts from the bed bug bites to remind me of our romantic getaway at the &quot;Hotel Night De Mare&quot;.Now, you've all now been advised and duly warned. Save yourselves and stay away from this place, better and certainly more accurately known as &quot;The Night De Mare Hotel&quot;.	
Aug 12 2006 	3 star hoStel not 3 star hotel	This should not be classified as a hotel, but rather a hostel.The room was the size of the bed with about one foot of walking space around the bed. I had to store my suitcase in the bathroom. The bed was like a brick, pillows were paper thin.I had to do a late check-in, but the reception closes at 10pm, so they taped a piece of paper with my NAME on it to the front door with a number to call to be let in. This was a huge issue with security for me. There is NO parking whatsoever provided for the guests.I could hear the neighbours farting.. the walls were seriously that thin.There is no clock in the roomThe bathroom floor had pubic hair scattered on it.I met 2 staff members, one of them was friendly, the other was rude.I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, it was money wasted, not well spent.I ended up staying at the Delta Montreal the second night (an upscale 4 star hotel) for $20 less than what I paid for this hole-in-the-wall hostel.	
Aug 1 2006 	Good Service but watch out for the BED BUGS!!!!!!!	My family and I were lucky to have found a hotel in high season, and the service of the hotel was fine, however, each of us occupants (there were four of us) received dozens of Bed Bug bites. I had thirty on my body. Unfortunately we did not file a formal complaint, but we did mention it to the owner, hoping something would be done. All he said was &quot;That's wierd. I was in that room a couple of nights ago and nothing happened to me...&quot;Be Careful.	
Jun 5 2006	Fine for college students and budget travelers not for those older than 25 yrs	Positives:The location was great - a 2 block walk (the neighborhood was eerily empty and spooky) to the energy and populated Old Port. The hotel was just as close to the Champs de Mars Metro station, but the station was also in a creepy area, so take a 10 minute walk to the busy Berri-Uqam Metro Station where three metro lines intersect. There was housekeeping everyday and the bathroom was clean. Toiletries were fine - Pantene samples and generic soaps.The staff is also very pleasant. We booked a Grey Line tour and, knowing we would miss breakfast, they packed a bagel with packets of cream cheese and jam, and a bottle of orange juice for us.The complimentary breakfast was also nice - there are maybe 5 choices and if memory serves, the best ones were the toast, bacon, eggs, fruit, tea/coffee, juice choice or the french toast, hash brown (like french fry cubes), fruit, tea/coffee and juice choice. Fruit consisted of a slice of orange, a quarter of a banana and a slice of melon.Negatives:The hotel is yellowishly lit, and you need a key for the front door of the hotel after 10 or 11 p.m., a key to enter the stairwell (as there is no elevator - the stairwell is also dim, has creeky carpeted stairs and smelled like body odor) and your room key. They give you only one set of keys, so it will be a pain if you or your traveling companion are not attached at the hip and one of you does not have the keys and needs to get into the stairwell to get to your room.The rooms are small. We first had a two-single-beds room but there was barely enough room between the bed and the walls, and the room was dimly lit and dilapidated. There was dark flowered wallpaper, old furniture, no closet to hang your clothes, a small bathroom with one shelf to put your toiletries, and an 11&quot; TV mounted on a stand above the bed. Again, this room barely had room for one to walk. I thought that the reviews on this site about the size of the rooms were exaggerated until I saw it for myself. The noise of the heating/air conditioning system roared so much that we could even hear it through our ear plugs and after a terrible night of no sleep, had to ask to be changed. I am 30 years old. I think this place would be PERFECT for the college-aged, but not at my ripe old age when bright lighting and no body odor become mandatory requirements. After a long day, I did not look forward to returning to the hotel, which is unfortunate because I thought that the staff and the owner of the hotel were very pleasant.Tip: Do not stay in a room near the stairwell. The sound of people going up and down the stairs amplifies to an elephant stampede - I am not kidding. And the walls are so paper thin that voices from people talking in the hallway at a normal level will jolt you awake.Tip: Get a room on the &quot;first&quot; floor, which is the nearest floor to the lobby. I am accustomed and enjoy climbing stairs, but it is not a pleasure to walk up and down literally fifty steep steps in a dim smelly stairwell everytime you need to go to your room to get something you forgot, or trudge up there after a long, tiring day of sightseeing.Tip: Do not ask the &quot;concierge&quot; to book you a Grey Line tour, as she will add a $12 &quot;hotel fee&quot; to do so without advance warning nor your consent. She added the $12 AFTER she booked the tour for us and it was too late to complain since the service was already done.	
May 14 2006 	Good hotel but beware!	The hotel is nicely located and priced correctly at about $80 per night. The hotel staff is very nice and friendly and the included breakfast is great. It is indeed walking distance from le vieux port but far from many other worthwhile places in Montreal but Montreal has very good public transportation if you do not have a car. Parking around the hotel is very scarce.The hotel internet descriptions claim that it is air conditionned. That is not exactly true. You cannot control the temperature of your own room. I think the temprerature is set for the whole hotel and for me it was too hot most of the time.There is no elevator and I have not seen any staff assistance offered for heavy luggage. The rooms are all upstairs so you have to be able to handle a three story climb if you are on the top floor. You are given three keys (not the magnetic card keys, the old fashion metal keys). one to open the main door, one for the stairway to the rooms, and one for your own room. There is a charge of $50 if you lose them. There is a charge of about $1.50 for local calls from your room and internet is only available in the lobby, not in your room.The reception closes at night at 11 pm you cannot receive any phone calls after that time. The rooms are very small and have no closets or armoires to hang clothes. There are two hooks on a wall for that purpose and a very small chest of drawers. There are no desks. Just a small wall table about 18 inches wide. There are no ice machines but tap water in Montreal has a good taste and is normally cold enough.If you are in Montreal to visit and will only sleep in the room, you will probably be fine with this hotel. I expected to do some work on my laptop there and it was very difficult for me.Overall, do not expect to find the normal amenities found in every hotel room even in a motel 6 in the US.Internet bookings are non refundable so once you are there, you are stuck. I recommend booking only one night and leaving yourself the option to stay or to leave open for the other days of your stay.	
May 14 2006	Well-maintained but not for the high-maintenance types	I stayed here for six nights, at $58/night on Hotwire (rack rate is $155 CDN), and found it perfect as a base to explore the city. I had the smallest room available, but it was fine. Ceilings are high, bathroom is spacious, cleanliness is up to snuff, bed is big and comfortable. The free breakfast is excellent. Just excellent. The location is perfect: right next to Vieux Montreal, and three minutes from a Metro station. If you are there to explore the city, and want a clean, comfortable room to relax in for a couple hours each night, without paying a fortune, this is your place. Staff is very friendly, too.	
Mar 26 2006	Good Economy Hotel	I think many of the negative reviews of this hotel were generated by people expecting a Marriot for the price of a Motel 6. For what my friend and I paid, we felt the hotel was more than satisfactory. Our room was quite small, but certainly adequate for sleeping, dressing, and watching a little TV between site-seeing trips. The furniture in the room besides the bed was quite sparse (a simple wooden chair, small dresser, and night stand) but it served its purpose. Our room did not smell or appear dirty and the plumbing worked fine, as did the cable TV. Considering the large, included breakfast and the conveinent 5-minute walk to the Champ-de-Mars metro station, it is a decent value. My only complaint was that the hotel bar was kind of expensive and closed rather early (11pm). I would recomend this hotel especially to students, young people, or anyone looking to enjoy Montreal on a low budget for a few days and who doesn't mind forgoing a few frills.	
Mar 11 2006	Avoid this hotel	The only nice things I will say are that the free breakfast was good and the staff was very friendly. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone except maybe someone I didn't like. The room was incredibly small, with about 2 feet of space between the bed and the wall on 3 sides. I had to put my suitcase on the floor in the bathroom to open it and there was no furniture to put clothing. There was no clock, remote for the tv, and the reception on the tv was bad. The water in the shower turned from hot to cold and back again by itself, no ice machine and the 1 vending machine they had was broken so i had to get beverages from the restaurant which wasn't always open. Don't stay here.	
Oct 23 2005	Stay away and watch yourself	Just returned from Montreal, stayed in Champ-de-Mar. The location of the hotel is good, a few steps from Old Montreal. The second good thing is breakfast. All the other things are terrible. The rooms are small (that's OK) and extremely smelly with the strong smell of cheap odorizer. Air condition was hardly felt. And you can't open the window!!! The window is closed forever. I was unable to stay in the room more then 20 minutes. On reception I was told that windows are closed for security reasons. It was impossible to cancel the reservation because of cancellation fee of 100%. Interestingly, for additional 70$ I was given a room with a small window amenable to opening (probably the security situation in this room was different).Stay away and watch yourself	
Oct 18 2005	This place was pretty bad	When we arrived we were directed to a room that was the size of a telephone booth, and pretty grubby. Also, we discovered that it was a 4 story walk-up (this is not mentioned on their web site). When we requested a different room we were given a larger, but still dirty room on the 4th floor, and were told that we would have to change rooms the next day. The next morning (9:00 A.M.), we took our luggage (no hotel staff to do this) down to the desk, left it there, and were told to return later in the day. We returned at approximately 1:00 P.M. and were told what room to go to, but that we would have to move (again) the next day. All things considered, we decided to check out and take our chances elsewhere. The desk clerk was not helpful, and after fooling with the computer for 5 or 10 minutes, wandered off the the restaurant for coffee. After waiting about 30 minutes, I went into the restaurant and asked for a receipt of the transaction. She (reluctantly) printed the receipt, stating she didn't know I wanted one. Once I got the receipt, I immediately noticed that they were charging us for an extra night! When I requested the bill be recalculated deleting the erroneous charge, she responded that the computer automatically added the night after a certain time and she could not change it. I'm still trying to get the credit.	
Oct 17 2005	Don't stay here	Good location but very poor rooms. Very small, with an even smaller bathroom and no coffee maker. Aircon in theory but no control over it and windows locked shut. Paper thin walls, floors and ceilings - you get to know all about your neighbours without meeting them, but don't expect to get a good night's sleep. Just watch what you say! Rooms approached up a dark and dismal narrow winding staircase - no elevators.Breakfast is included, but did not arrive until 8:30. It's on the menu at $9.99 but not worth half the price.And then finally when we got home, they had put through an extra 10% on the credit card! They will not answer emails asking why.	
Sep 27 2005	Absolute nightmare		
Aug 26 2005	Hotel Champs De Mar		
Jun 3 2005	Clean basic.		
Jun 1 2005	Good Hotel 		
May 23 2005	Wonderful!!		
May 4 2005	Sufficient		
Apr 12 2005 	Hotel Champs De Mars		
Apr 13 2004	Now Champs-Sur-Mer w/ tiniest rooms in town		
Dec 9 2003	Questionable Reservation Practices		
Jul 20 2003	Worth consideration		
Oct 6 2009 	Arnaque et vol autorisé		
Aug 4 2009 	très mauvais service et propete' Epouvantable		
May 25 2009 	tres mauvais accueil		
