Sep 8 2009 	Feels more like a motel!	I stayed in this hotel over Labor Day weekend with some friends. Right away, the lady at the check-in counter was very rude! The first room we got reeked of a foul odor, we had to change our room. The new room was clean, but the furniture looked like it was from the 80's (and it felt like it too!). The beds were very uncomfortable. They even forgot to clean my room one of the days! The only good thing about the hotel is the location! I booked this hotel from HOTWIRE. They sold it to me as a 3-star hotel, which it definately was not! They charged me over $100 per night. Overall, this hotel is at best, just okay. But definately feels more like a motel!	
Aug 26 2009 	Tres Bien - Great Hotel	To be honest, when I initially booked this trip on Hot Wire, I was disappointed. I'm used to staying in 4 and 5 star hotels when I book with Hot Wire, so when I was left having to stay in the Days Hotel on Guy St., you would have sworn someone told me I was going to have to stay &quot;under a porch held up by sticks&quot;. I'm a hotel snob now...what can I say. Some of the reviews of this hotel...left me wondering...what am I getting myself into for 3 days. Let me start by saying looks are deceiving. The outside and certainly the picture that is online, are less than complimentary to what's inside...it makes it look very dated. When I arrived at check in... everyone was very, very nice and I breathed a sigh of relief after seeing the main lobby. It was much more modern and well taken care of than the posts that I've read. We had a room on the 4th floor and it was really nice. Don't get wrong, there were no robes, slippers, fridge, mini bar or Free Breakfast, but it was really nice. The decor was simple, but yet inviting. There were no rugs...it was hardwood floors and the A/C worked fine and didn't leak - like I expected it to after reading reviews. It was spotlessly clean, nicely decorated (flat screen TV, computer that I never quite figured out how to use - but on the 2nd flr. there are computers and printers) and it's in a great spot (if you like the downtown area). After seeing Old Montreal, I was partial to that neck of the woods, but if staying in Downtown Montreal in the future...I would book the Days Hotel. They also have a mini-store, spas, a small gym, and a nice size outdoor pool on site.It's $15 a day to park in their underground parkade. $15 doesn't seem like much, if you've ever parked in NYC for the evening. (I have yet to check my credit card bill, but I hope that it will reflect the price on the receipt that I received.) If not, then I'll have a problem probably more so with the bank and their foreign exchange fees, than the hotel. Cash is king as they say.This hotel is a block away from St. Catherine St. and a very short walk to the subway. Once you learn the subway system, you can go anywhere. We visited, Old Montreal, Mont Royal (go to the Tam Tam Festival on Sunday afternoons - it's a free festival where drummers come from everywhere and just stage an impromtu concert), Jean Talon Market (where the locals shop), and Olympic Park. So, yes, I'm giving this hotel a thumbs up.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not worth the price	I booked this hotel over the hotwire. With tax and everything I paid 100 dollars and a sleepless night. After I got it I read the good reviews here. I was happy. But I was wrong. We had a terrible night. First of all we found that the beds were too old and smelly. Then the air conditioner (oldschool jumbo fat one) was too noisy. I turned it off but after a while the room got warmed up so we had to turn it on again with the loudy noise. There was a computer in the room but Internet stopped working in the morning. There was a hair dryer in the washroom but doest work at all. I complained. The receptionist was rude and completely non-friendly. With this same price you will get a much better hotel. And the location was not that great as advertised. I bet you can stay at the downtown core with this same price. Don’t stay here.	
Jun 2 2009 	Days Inn Montreal	Stayed here January 2004 for a weekend with friends to visit Montreal. It was okay. I really don't have any complaints about the place. The room was clean and acceptable. I would recommend.	
Apr 1 2009 	Standard hotel close to Bell Centre	I stayed at this hotel in October 2008. Standard hotel in good location. Large rooms with dated décor. ServiceGood service.RoomsVery large rooms and clean bathrooms. The décor is dated but really not important and the location makes up for it. No fridge but they have an ice machine.Location-Great location two blocks from the Metro and the Bell Centre, two minute walk to restaurant and bar district, five minute walk to St. Catherine Street shopping.-Other restaurants and convenience stores across the street.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Location Nice Room really wet floors!	Myself and a friend stayed in the hotel for 2 nights as we came down from Ottawa for Canada Day. Now we chose this hotel due to it was the cheapest as I think most don't come down Canada Day in Montreal as we paid about $101 per night and $15 a day in parking which is a steal in downtown Montreal.The location(Guy St) is solid as it is about a block from St Catherines which is the main street in the downtown core. It is very close and about the same distance from the Bell Center if going for events. The rooms are pretty large and pretty clean with 2 double beds as we stayed in room 406 which we felt like we were the only ones on the floor as it was dead quiet all the time in the hotel which it can feel erie. The rooms are good sizes as in if you wanted to lay out a cot/air mattress for a 3rd person to save some coin. The linens are standard and the bathroom is the same as a usual hotel bathroom which is not big enough for us larger fellows. The other neat thing is rooms come with PCs for use but it seems ours didn't work and no instructions on how to use. We just figured it was broken and moved on.I gave it such a low rating due to the fact the stone age A/C unit drips water on the floor which soaks it. I really mean it is crazy how wet and annoying if walking around in bare or socked feet. Also if anybody knows anything about carpets getting wet and drying all the time is ripe for mold which is something I would feel nobody wants to endure. I also came down with a fever after returning home but I won't blame that on the hotel but take that as you wish. Also the parking stairwell is like a dungeon which made us laugh.	
Jun 16 2008 	Ok hotel Great price and location	Great 2 queen room for $110 a night through Expedia.Parking also great rate at $15.Room was plain but clean. Showing age however....Problem with room..... carpet soaked from A/C leaking onto floor. Staff not surprised..... happens all the time in this hotel they said. Changed to &quot;remodeled&quot; newer room. Only change was room had hardwood floors.Problem with staff........ chambermaid knocked on our door at 8 am........... asked me if we were checking out..... I had a few words for her and shut the door ...... checkout was not until 11 am.Complained to front desk about this...... and they turned up their nose and said she does not know who has or hasn't checked out. Said I should have &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on door. Funny, we were only booked in for one night so they knew we would be out in the morning.Outdoor pool was clean and well keptLocation perfect for our needs....	
Aug 7 2007 	Going in blind	I recently booked 3 rooms for my family and 2 other familes on one of those sites where you pay prior to finding out what hotel you end up in. Big mistake! To be fair the hotel was convienently located and some aspects of the hotel were ok. That's where it ends... I booked 3 &quot;non smoking&quot; rooms however one room reeked of smoke and we couldn't change the room. All rooms had badly stained carpets and chairs and my room actually had a section of buckled ceiling and chunks of wood missing out of the furniture. This place looked like a abused frat room. Not surprisingly both Fri / Sat night there was a lot of drunken yelling and slamming of doors all night to the point were one of the guests open his door and told them to %@&amp;% keep it down. I did call the front desk at 2:30 am to see if someone could come up which they eventually did. Ironically earlier in the day the life guard at the pool told some kids not to yell too much because it might disturb the people in the rooms above (this was in the afternoon!!!!) Seems kids can't make noise during the day but it's alright for drunken patrons to yell and scream all night. Oh yes I did see a security guard in the lobby.......just wondering where we went at night?	
Aug 3 2007 	Reasonable utilitarian hotel	I was in Montreal for a conference at the Sheraton, which was booked, so I looked for a less expensive place nearby. This hotel (a few hundred meters away) worked out fine. It's not elegant, but it was clean and comfortable. The location is great, as other reviewers have noted; just few blocks from dozens of restaurants and the Centre Bell. They have a computer in each room; it runs some service that allows internet access. It was hard to figure out, but once I got it to work, it was fine and I didn't bother to get out my laptop. The French keyboard took some getting used to, though! The staff was polite enough. Overall, I was happy with the hotel. At about half the price of the Sheraton, I don' t mind skipping a few amenities.	
May 1 2007 	Location was the selling point for me...	I've stayed at this Days Inn on 3 separate occasions (1/01, 8/01&amp; 6/03)... For me the appeal of this place is the location... It's about a block away from the Centre Bell, and intersects with Ste-Catherine right in the heart of downtown. As far as the hotel is concerned, it's OK at best. Cheap priced, back then ('01-'03) it was only around $80 CAD (AAA rate) per night. The rooms were clean and big enough to fit 4 guys. (2 beds &amp; floor space) The garage has enough room to move around in. The one down side that as stuck in my head over the years was the staff was a bit on the stuck up side, and they also had a guy posted in all the halls, &quot;shhh-ing&quot; you if you were talking at night... Not even loud, making noise type talking... But just simple conversation while walking down the hall got a &quot;shhh&quot; which really rubbed me the wrong way.All in all it's a 2 outta 5 hotel, but the good location bumps it up to a 3...	
Oct 27 2006 	Watch out if you booked through Expedia!	I have been an avid reader of the reviews posted on this website but I've never been inclined to actually post my own review. My husband and I recently returned from a trip to Quebec and had a lay-over in Montreal for one night. I had booked the Days Inn - Metro on-line via Expedia. Normally Expedia reserves the room for you then you actually pay at the hotel. In our case, Expedia charged us right away.We checked into our room at 9:30pm, dropped our luggage off and quickly went down to the buffet to have a late dinner. I noticed that the carpet in the room hadn't been vacuumed but the beds were made.Upon our return from dinner, we had to use our bathroom and I couldn't believe the mess! The bathroom counter and basin were dirty, a heap of dirty towels were strewn in the tub and a waste basket filled with feminine hygiene products littered the bathroom.I called the front desk to inform them of the condition of our room and they said that housekeeping had gone home for the night and there was nothing they could do about it. They could not give us another non-smoking room because all rooms were occupied.My husband had recently had a stroke and there was no way I was going to compromise his condition by going into a smoking room.We were not allowed to speak to management however the next day we did have a conversation with a supervisor. She was unable to give us a discount on our room because we had booked through Expedia. Had we booked directly with the Days Inn then there was something they could do. We were supposed to return for another two nights at the end of the week but we quickly contacted Expedia to cancel. They were going to charge us $40 for a cancellation fee but waived this because of my husband's medical condition.The hotel is in a good location and in general the room was OK but it was truly gross having to stay with the mess left behind by the previous occupants. I was truly disappointed by how management handled the room situation - however, they agreed to reimburse us for our dinner and breakfast.A head's up to everyone: if you find good deals on Expedia - go the extra step and log-on to the actual hotel website. Chances are you'll be able to secure a deal just as good, if not - better than offered through Expedia. Then if anything goes wrong, you are able to negotiate directly with the hotel.	
Oct 11 2006 	nice place!	OK, it's a Day's Inn, not the Radison. However, I was more than impressed during my stay at this hotel. It was very clean (especially the bathroom), quiet, roomy, friendly, and in a fantastic location. The staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions. The quality for the price can't be beat; we paid $90 per night for a comfortable king-sized bed. There was a computer in the room, and while we couldn't get it to work, we could plug in the ethernet cord into my laptop and get internet. It's less than a block away from the Guy-Concordia metro stop, right around the corner from St. Catherine's street, and has a Tim Horton's and Starbucks down the street. Downsides: no pool (well, it's outdoors), no continental breakfast (don't waste your money at the buffet in the restaurant downstairs), no pay-per-view, computer didn't work. Upsides: clean, large rooms, friendly staff, unbeatable location, fantastic price, in-room internet access if you bring your laptop. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 16 2006	Avoid this one....!!!!	This hotel is terrible. Whatever you do, do not attepmt this hotel, it is nothing that is reported to be. My girlfriend and I stayed here from 07/14/06 - 07/16/06. The outside of the hotel is drab and disgusting. The so-called &quot;renovations&quot; are to the lobby and the corporate section of the hotel. You pay $15-per night for parking. If you decided to go to the hotel, park next door for only $7 per night. Only one staff member was helpful, the rest ignored us. Our reservation did not match that of the room we were given. Upon entering our FIRST room, we smelled dirty laundry and body odor. We used the toilet to find out it was broken. The wallpaper was peeling and falling off. We had already unpacked by the time we used the toilet. We went to the desk and they said it would be fixed shortly, so we left to go explore Rue St. Catherine. We arrived back at the hotel about 2 hours later to find out that the toilet was not fixed and we had to switch rooms and move all of our unpacked items. In the next room we had been given, it smelled clean but there were burn holes through the covers on one of the beds, the radio/clock was broken, the coffee maker was broken, and the lights did not work properly. The carpet throughout the hotel was dirty and unclean. When we checked out, the staff would not give us our receipt and said since we checked out they could not help us, even though it was charged to a credit card.Over-all, this hotel was overpriced, drab, and is not what is shown in the pictures by any means. I suggest avoiding this hotel at all costs!	
Mar 10 2006 	Bad Management possible stolen property	I stayed at that hotel last Saturday and I forgot to take my laptop wireless mouse when I packed and checked out. I called the hotel the same day when I found out that it was missing and the lady I spoke to at the front desk told me that house keeping found it and asked me for my contact info, that I gave because they didn’t have it booking via expedia, so that they can ship it back to me, no problem! I was assured that this will be shipped back and also someone will be contact me ASAP. Six days later I called for an update and I was told that they don't know anything about that and the person who is responsible is away, and the office is locked. You draw your own conclusions. It is only a $30, however first I would like to alert this community about bad service, bad management and the possibly the hotel staff lying to me and second alert the hotel management this incident and lack of cooperation can get escalated to that point that there are going to be employees of the hotel who may have to answer to accountability issues to the head office. I am planning to stop by in-person at the hotel soon where at that point the mouse is going to be returned to me or a police report will be filled at the police station across the street for withholding property that belongs to me. It is nice that the internet exists, otherwise we would still be at the mercy of incompetent people like the management of that hotel.	
Mar 8 2006	Good location polite staff	I stayed at this Days Inn location in August of 2005 for a three day weekend while I attended the Champ Car Grand Prix of Montreal. The room was clean and acceptable for the price. The front desk staff were always polite and helpful. The location is great - walking distance to St. Catherine Street and the downtown nightlife. Two metro stops and the Belle Centre are a quick walk around the corner. Cabs to the airport are readily available for a flat rate. Drinks in the bar are overpriced but thats typical.	
Oct 4 2005	nice and good location	our room was very spacious (we could've done cart wheels) and we had a decent view of the city from the 7th floor, and a big tv. it was within walking distance of the interesting downtown areas (St. Catherine's &amp; Crescent). it was nice that they had a &quot;business center&quot; where anyone could use the computers for internet, but the connection was very slow and many sites could not be accessed (webpages using https, such as gmail, hotmail and even the hotel's own reservation webpage, but yahoo mail works). They also have wireless that you can use in there but there were no empty tables, just couches for you, to put your notebook on your lap.	
Jul 17 2005	Not too shabby :)	For a couple in their twenties I thought this hotel was great. This hotel is only a block away from the cafe's and shops on Saint Catherine street, walking distance to resteraunts, and it has a pool, small workout room, and a bar/resteraunt. I found them to be very helpful finding us taxi's to the casino and giving us directions to old Montreal. The hotel itself had spaciuos rooms and great Air conditioning. I've already made plans to stay there again! However, there's not much in the way of entertaining children besides the pool and it is on the main drag where children should not walk alone, but it is in a very safe neighborhood. :)	
Jul 10 2005	Nice Place Freindly Staff	Good Location from shops and restaurants, everything relatively walking distance. Staff was professional and accomodating. Gym and Jacuzzi were great ! The room was bigger than we expected but the carpet near the closet was a little bit wet when we first arrived but overall a good stay.	
Jun 5 2005	it was alright.....	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for only one night....Originally I had booked a room with 1 king size bed, but when we got there at the check in time (3pm) the room wasn't ready and we were told that it would be another hour, but we can have a room with 2 queen size bed right away, so we took that instead. The room itself was not too bad, the beds were fine, the air conditioning was excellent but the carpet was dirty looking. The bathroom was clean, only problems were the tub drain seemed clogged because the water was draining very slowly therefore I was standing in a tub full of water for my shower, but we didn't ask for it to be fixed therefore I can't say anything about their maintenance service and the sink's water pressure was very weak. The pool was great, it was the first day it was open when we were there so the heater was not at full strength yet so the water was cold, but the lifeguard was great about cleaning the bugs and leaves before we got in. They had a nice looking fitness facility and restaurant but we did not use the facility or eat at the restaurant. The parking was $15 and underground. The location was exactly as described on the website, it was steps away from St.Catherine st itself, but was really about 3-4 blocks away from the main attractions and shopping on St.Catherine st. For the price that I booked this hotel (discount on hotels) I would stay here again, but for regular price I would stay somewhere closer to the main attraction. Montreal itself was fantastic though!	
Jun 3 2005	Great Service/ Happy Place	I found some of these reviews not only unfair, but inaccurate. The carpet for instance looks brand new. I found my stay quite pleasurable and the rooms quite a bit bigger than the average hotel room. The staff was pleasant, well-informed and willing to take the time to explain things. They are centrally located and within easy access of all main attractions. I think that the only sour note was the restaurant; I was told that they are changing its management...so, I have hope for that too. Overall, quite a good experience, I would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 29 2005	Not the Ritz but a bargain on Hotwire	This is not the ritz, but I do not know what the other travelers expected. I got this spot for $34.00 on Travelocity. Room was clean, front desk was helpful. About 5-6 blocks from the action (st. catherine st, etc). Hot tub was in good working order. Don't expect a lot of whistles and bells, but this place was clean and OK	
Jan 21 2005 	Terrible never again	It was a bad experience.I booked online for $98 a night. Upon checkout I was charged more per night. After a fifteen minute arguement we split the idfference. I got my Internet booking price for one night and paid their price the other. I have tried to get some action on this from the Days Inn for two months to no avail. Upon checking in my hair dryer was broken. It took 24 hours to get one that worked.Work was being done on the hotel. We entered and exited through a puddle filled dirty garage. The only good thing I can sayis the room was clean and the location is good. It is not enough to overcome my bad experience.	
Oct 14 2004	nothing great	to expensive for what you got, dirty carpets, room and hallway, televsion sucked, mabye 6 channels,put notice on door second day stating not to clean or disturb room, when we came back room had been entered and cleaned anyway.good comments, ony the bathroom which had just been refinished.	
Oct 13 2004	Good deal ... cheap and cheerful	The hotel is in a great location and is cheap and cheerful. The rooms were a fair size and the beds and linens were clean and comfortable. There are a lot of younger people staying here, but what else can you expect in a hotel so close to Crescent St? We enjoyed our stay and will stay there again.	
Aug 13 2004	Not the best place..	Great location, but not the best accomodations. During the weekend it seemed like we were in a frat house with LOUD, annoying, drunk guests running up and down the hall all hours of the night. And the chambermaids paid NO HEED to the Do Not Disturb sign we left on the door.	
Jul 8 2004	Not worth the money!	Made a last minute reservation here, as nothing else in our preferred neighborhoods and price was available. We've been in much nicer places in Montreal for much less money, and wouldn't stay here again, despite the convenient location. The room was slightly dingy, and the other (loud) guests were all too audible in the wee hours. If you can get into a b&amp;b, stay in it instead!	
Aug 18 2009 	??????????		
