Oct 14 2009 	Econo Lodge Is A Disgusting Hotel!	If you're going to book this hotel, ALWAYS book it through CHOICEHOTELS.COM , NOT directly through the hotel, you have a better chance of getting your money back in case you change your mind, which you will once you actually see it. We originally booked for 4 nights and wound up staying only 1 night because it was so disgusting. The hotel was located in a sketchy area. The manager Gianni, and the hotel staff were rude, made up arbitrary rules (we were told to pay a $100 deposit, another woman was told to pay a $50 cash deposit and when she asked for a receipt, the staff member wrote it down on a random piece of paper) and provided horrible service. The room was disgusting (check out the photos). This hotel is not a hotel, it is more like a HOSTEL. The bathtub was filthy when we arrived. Then when we wanted to check out the manager Gianni, who pretended he was someone else when we called down to complain, told us that we couldn't get our money back because we had to cancel 48 hours in advance. Then when we asked to see his cancellation policy for patrons who cancel after 48 hours, he said that he didn't have one written down! Needless to say we argued and got the money back for the 3 nights we cancelled. This place is absolute filth! If you don't believe me, read some of the other reviews about this hotel. DISGUSTING!But on another note, instead of complaining and offering no alternative, here's a great place you can stay. If you're looking for a fantastic place in Montreal with a fantastic price and location you should go the Le 1 Rene Levesque. Great service, great rates (especially if you're a AAA or CAA member), nice room, housekeeping, internet access and computers, laundry room, kitchen, microwave and sink in your suite. You name it, it was excellent. Check it out at: http://le1renelevesque.com/index.php?lang=en	
Sep 5 2009 	Good value	Contrary to most comments here I did not find bedbugs in my bed (nor any other critters elsewhere) and I found the room to be relatively clean. It did'nt smell funny or have stains all over the place. Sure it was a little run down, but what do you expect for less than $100 a night. I don't know if I was lucky or management actually corrected their bedbug problem that other patrons have commented about here.The breakfast was garbage; just stale croissants, burnt coffee. Just sleep in and go have breakfast out when you wake up.The location was'nt as bad as I thought it would be after having read the comments. After all it is downtown and I would recommend walking along Sherbrooke rather than St. Catherines or the southern streets if you want to avoid the homeless people and the strip bars in that area. But the first night we found ourselves in that neighborhood and it was no big deal.If you have a car I recommend parking in the complex on Jean Manse and Rene Levesqe because its the same price as the hotel's and it has security and underground parking. I paid $19 per day.One of the guys at the hotel was really helpful and he gave me a map and told me where the attractions were. The others were helpful but not as enthusiastic. Overall it was an enjoyable stay on a budget. I got exactly what I expected.	
Aug 1 2009 	Was hoping for something a bit nicer	I really wanted to love this hotel. Looking at the room when I first walked in I think I was a tad optimistic when I said it was the best hotel to pick. The location was extremely decent for the price - a bit of a sketchy walk late at night but nothing I couldn't handle. The room itself was a bit in disrepair. I thought it was clean until I saw a black bug dart under the bed. Then my mind changed. The price was great but probably would spend a bit more next time I go for something a bit better. The parking situation was also a bit sketchy.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location Average Hotel	This is a budget hotel that is clean and in walking distance (20 min) to most of the sites in montreal. There is no parking in the hotel but I parked at the Library underground parking 10 mins away for $7 for 24 hrs (weekend rate). There is also complimentary continental breakfast. We had a single double bed room that was clean, shower / tv / wireless internet / AC work fine. The room comes with an ironing board and iron, a fridge is also in the room (but was not plugged in - you can plug it in if you want to use it). The hotel is in an old building but the neighborhood is quiet and we did not hear anything from the other rooms. Contrary to the other reviews we did not have any bed bugs in our bed, however there were some bums up the street when we were walking back at night time - but they did not bother us.Overall it is a budget hotel and if you don't mind it being a bit rough around the edges it's a good location for a budget price. I would recommend staying here if you are on a budget.	
Mar 10 2009 	GOOD Location	located near nite life and was a good for the price The hotel is right downtown near metro you can take a cab for little money. The staff were extremely accomodating and funny . When I asked to switch rooms on my second nite do to heating problem clerk was very helpful. For the price of the location you can not complain. I will go back.	
Nov 28 2008 	Never Again-Mediocre	The property could be nice for its scale, but the management makes it less than desirable. The check-in is less than welcoming and the entire service throughout the stay is horrible. The front desk treats you as if you were invisible, never acknowledging you at all. The night time person would rather watch YouTube than even look up to shed a glance or even attempt to say hello. You have to use a key to get in the property every time, so you think the click of the door would arouse a simple hello. Not at this property. They don't care.The property also has this extremely outdated electronic key system that enables you to unknowingly double lock yourself out of your own room. I had to get the front desk guy to open the door again for me. I have been in 100s of hotels and motels in my lifetime and I have never seen a more irrational lock system than this one.The property uses a very cheap cleaning material in the hallways which makes your senses turn.The breakfast, albeit free, consists of dry croissants, butter and jam. It looks extremely unappetizing.This place is to be avoided unless you are strapped on cash. It is unwelcoming and unfitting for a pleasant Montreal experience.	
Oct 18 2008 	Sleep tight - Don't let the bedbugs bite!	I went with a couple of girlfriends for the weekend and did not personlly book the hotel.We arrived at the hotel to find that it was situated in a sketchy area; On a hill; Parking was across the road with a crazy attendent who raised the price if you questioned it.Reminded me of a rundown apartment with by-the-hour clientele.Our room was okay enough to sleep in however as we got situated and decided on where to go next - I pulled out the pillow to hang on to and dicovered a BED BUG crawling on it...ewwww! So we took it to the night staff and asked to have new sheets - h eobliged and apologized. When we went back up to change the sheets I found more in between the sheets and cover - while do ing this - a huge commotion broke out in the hall and we thought someone was going to get hurt - so I called the Front Desk to mention it and he did not understand and came up and good thing as more bed bugs were crawling on the wall...so gross!He was able to find us another room for the night. We then proceeded to call Expedia to explain our situation and they told us either to stick it out or stay in our car for the rest of the night...so needless to say at 5am we layered on more clothing and slept on top of the sheets until the manager arrived the next morning...he was good about the whole ordeal. We will never stay there again nor will we book through Expedia again. We were told by the next hotel that Expedia may show you what you want, but process your request as &quot;what ever is available&quot; :(	
Sep 25 2008 	Rude manager and unsatisfying room	My experience with the Montreal downtown Econo Lodge (2060 rue St-Dominique , Montreal, QC, CA, H2X 2X1) was very frustrating. The manager at this hotel was very rude. I booked a 4-day stay at this hotel online with Expedia.com for September and made full payment to Expedia in early August. When I checked in, he denied my reservation with Expedia and charged for 4 days at the full hotel rates for the 3 days I actually stayed. When I tried to show him the reservation rules and policy posted at expedia.com, he threatened to call the cop and was very nasty.What made the experience worse was the room I stayed in. The bathroom sink and bath rub were clogged and draining very slowly. There were ants on the floor and possibly bedbugs, too. When I saw bug-bit rashes around my neck and shoulders the next morning, I asked the front desk if bedbugs were reported by customers. The guy said no, but his expression told me that this was definitely not the first time he heard about this problem.	
Aug 13 2008 	It is what it is	On the spur of the moment, my husband and I decided to take a mini- vaction and drive from NYC to Montreal. On Tuesday, I checked Choicehotels.com and chose this hotel mainly for the location and price. We checked in the next day at 4PM for 2 nights; our room was ready, the gentleman at the desk spoke English, and yes, the hallway leaves a lot to be desired, but the room was better than we expected. (Yes, we know the difference in hotels: in July, we stayed at the Palazzo in Las Vegas for 6 nights and we'll be staying at the Grand Floridian in Orlando next week)) Anyway, the room was pretty large, and although I didn't walk aound barefoot, the linens were clean, the bathroom was clean, shower water pressure good and the TV and air conditioning worked. What more does anyone expect from a $100 per night chain hotel? We didn't want to leave our car on the street, so we found a parking lot around the block, and paid $15.00 per day. We never moved it, because we were able to walk to St. Denis for dinner, and the next day we walked to Chinatown and Old Montreal. After resting in the room for an hour, we even walked to the Old Forum (about 40 minute walk) to see a movie.  We were on the first floor, and we didn't hear any noise, and slept just fine. So, it is what it is. An relatively inexpensive, clean hotel, right in the heart of many attractions.	
Aug 10 2008 	Never Again	Little better than sleeping on the street.The worst hotel I ever seen in my life. I booked for two nights. The toilet was not working. OK fine they gave me another room. In the second room bathtub drain was blocked. Complained and they told me to move to another room. I said no and stayed in second room.No parking in the hotel. Paid and parked in the parking lot behind the hotel. $20.00 a night. Next morning my car was broken. Some stuff were stolen from the car.Never again.	
Jul 2 2008 	This place is cheap	It cost us only $79 a night and boy did we get what we paid for. LOCATION: Smack dab in the middle of the gay, dumpy village. Drug dealers, bums, and hookers are out at night so get inside before it hits 10pm. We got home at 10:30 and there was a drunk peeing on the sidewalk as our family walked by with our eyes glancing elsewhere. No parking at all. You WILL get a ticket. If you are from the USA like us, just don't pay the ticket and you'll be fine.ROOM: Small, average. No unique amenities. View of the parking lot. Paper thin walls. We heard babies crying and (I think) a husband hitting his wife.SERVICE: It's going to be tough booking your room unless you speak French. The desk isn't helpful because they didn't speak English. Good thing we booked online beforehand.OVERALL: We could've done better. If you are a really stingy, frugal person just splurge and spend $150 a night on a good hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	this is the most ridiculous hotel !	Actually I did not stay.Let me put in this way, today is June 4,2008, I booked a room for the coming weekend-----June7 ,2008 for my friends two weeks ago. Unfortunately, my friends cannot make it. They are not coming to Montreal, and according to what the receiptist said when I booked the room, any changed has to be made before48 hours the date u reserved, I called today to cancel the reservation. Obivously, it is ,more than 48 hours in advance. However, the boss told me I cannot cancel it , if I want to do any change, it has to be before 30 days. otherwise, they will charge customers for two night, and it has to be two nights, because it is the system. what kind system is that !I told the boss that I already asked policy about make any change and cancellation, I am following the rules.His answer is &quot;maybe u did not ask. The best the way is u come and stay, and use the room! Otherwise, u 'rstill being charged from ur creditcard. &quot;( Faint!) Moreover, he told me that all these rediculous policy are written on the internet, but I never find it . I surfed on the internet, and log to the page which he told me www. econologe.com, I found choicehotel, I called to make complaints, they told me that it is a 24 hours advance cancellation policy, but they still can not do anything , because the system is in the hotel. what can I do?I read all the reviews about this hotel, it is very obviouse that they just want to grab the money from customers' pokets with any chance they can find. Such a shame!	
May 7 2008 	Good hotel at a good price	My husband and I spent one night at this hotel and found it to be clean, quiet and comfortable. We booked a non smoking, king room and were on the third floor. The check-in was smooth and fast, good service. Breakfast was included and although we were not up early enough for it we overheard other hotel guests saying that it was good. Two small complaints: there is no parking available (we found some two blocks away that was great though!) and there are homeless people hanging out in the alley next door.If you are in Montreal for the sights and sounds like we were, this is a good place for a short stay.	
Apr 18 2008 	4/10	Me, my wife along with another couple ended up at this place because we didn't advance book our trip. We looked at some other really nice places online, for a lot cheaper, but when we reached there, we learnt that there was no more rooms. So after trying out a couple of places, we ended up here. To begin with, I don't know how they renovated it. It was still very shabby. We reached there really early morning, at about 8 am, and check in wasn't until 9. The guy at the desk told us that he'll have to charge us extra for checking in early. We took two rooms for two nights. The guy at the desk told us that he'd charge us $70 a night and $20 for checking in early. I asked him what time check out was and he said at noon. So i asked him if he'd let us check out a bit late since we're paying extra $$ right now for like 1 hour, and he said sure, and told us we can check out at 3 pm. The day of the check out, we recieved a call at 11:30 reminding us that we have to check out at 12:00. So i went down to the reception to see what the problem was, and turned out it was a different guy, perhaps the manager. I explained to him how the other person (gave him name and all) had this agreement with us. And the manager told us that he doesn't care, according to rules, we have to be out by 12, otherwise he'll charge us extra. After realizing he wasn't willing to listen, i asked him to give us some more time to pack our stuff. He said 12:30. So we were out by 12:30. Now the hotel. Dirty carpets, scary hallways, dirty washrooms, dirty and smelly bed covers. Rooms were nice sized tho, have to give them that. But the overall look of the hotel and the LOCATION, is very depressing. Made me and my wife miss home very much, which is really not what you want out of an outing. There was not enough parking (only street infront of hotel) but we were lucky enough to find a spot on both days n didnt get ny tickets. My advice, if you book early, you will be able to get much better hotels (non-chain types) for much less. We found that out first hand when we went to these couple of really cheap places first and discovered them to be extremely nice and classy, but no rooms. If its just a few guys hanging out, this will do. But even guys can do better if they book in advance!P.S Our room was a kind bedroom.	
Mar 24 2008	Too noisy for middle age couple	We stayed there 2 nights March 21-23. The first night in room 308 had 2 bad lamp bulbs (we got spares at the lobby and fixed it) and later we found a non-working heater. The hotel was full and we could not change room, so we stayed in the colder room one night. Everything was working well in the second room #208.However, the bigger issue is the noise at night. This is party central in Montreal and a lot of young people stay there for the W-E, so expect to hear doors clapping and people talking loud in the hallway and in adjacent rooms from 1 am till 4 am. This happened both nights on both floors. This was definitely a poor choice for my wife and I (middle age folks) who were looking for some rest after busy days visiting this great city.	
Feb 18 2008 	Bedbugs and Bad Service	This hotel is infested with bedbugs. We had bugs in our first room; asked to be moved. Our second room also had bugs; management did not suggest another move, presumably because there are no bug-free rooms. When we spoke to the manager the next day, we were told we must have brought them (we came direct from our delightfully bug-free home in Ottawa).Having written that, there is no point writing anything else. There is no point writing about the lack of parking, about the surly service, about the filthy, overheated rooms. If you have not experienced bedbugs before, and relish the prospect of itchy welts, panic attacks and having to toss out your luggage and clothes, I strongly recommend a night or two in this premium establishment.I understand that there is a bedbug pandemic, but the way to dealing with it is not to ignore the problem and blame your guests.	
Nov 14 2007	Poor securitym service	When I checked out around 6 am on Sunday, there was no one at the desk (I rang and called out and waited about 15 minutes). The door to the outside (the one that can be opened with a room key) was propped open. While I was waiting, some people did come in from outside and head upstairs.Obviously, I got no bill. I left a note (on whatever scrap of paper I could find) asking that my bill be mailed to me. It never was.I phoned today and the man who answered offered to fax the bill to me.One evening during my stay, I ordered a take-out dinner to be delivered. The delivery man came straight to my room. No one called from the desk. Again, this is an unacceptable breach of security.Room was fine, but I will not stay there again and recommend that single women travelers, in particular, give this a pass.	
Oct 1 2007 	A cheap but OK place to rest in a great city.	A classic case of &quot;You Get What you Pay for.&quot;I booked the Econolodge thru Priceline's 2-star category, after my bids for 4, 3, and 2 1/2 stars failed (there was some golf tourney in Montreal sept. 26-29).The pros: The hotel was right in central Montreal, the room was of a decent size and relatively clean, and the shower had good water pressure and was nice and hot. The staff was pleasant enough, and housekeeping was efficient. It's about a block and a half from the St. Laurent metro station.The cons: The hotel's building, hallways and rooms are dated, with kind of a stale cigarette smell to them, the hallway carpets are worn and tired, and there's peeling wallpaper in spots. The rooms are very basic, with decent-sized but old bathrooms.In my room, the remote for the TV worked when it felt like it, and the bed's headboard wasn't fixed on the wall very well. It's basically a roadside inn in the middle of a big city.As other reviewers have mentioned, the neighborhood is a bit run-down and seedy. I personally never found it unsafe, even coming from the metro late at night because there was always people out around the St. Laurent station. Yes, there are lots of street people asking for cigarettes and spare change, but name the big city where that doesn't happen! The fringe seediness of certain sectors of Montreal strangely adds to its sexiness, and it is a sexy, fantastic city with some of the best clubbing, dining and joie de vivre on this continent.If you';re just looking for a comfortable place to sleep while enjoying the many delights on Montreal, this place is fine. It's personally not my cup of tea, but that's what happens when you wait until the last minute to book during a busy week.	
Sep 25 2007 	Bugs public hair and broken fridge	This hotel was gross! There were tiny bugs in the bathroom, public hairs in the bed sheets, and our fridge door was broken. I can understand it being worn out from age, but there is no excuse for dirtiness. On the other hand, the location was very handy to many exciting areas in Montreal. Very close to good shopping and lots of restuarants and entertainment.	
Aug 25 2007 	Absolutely the Worst!	First, I'm 70 years old, a retired U.S. Military veteran with over 22 years service, I worked for a major Industry for over 20 years after that. I've traveled extensively around the U.S., Europe and the U.K., Australia and Canada. First, the good points. Location was excellent for our purposes. We were within walking distance (even for me) to restaurants, the Jazz Festival, our venue (Metropolis), shops and other attractions. The room (Room 201), was very nice for the price (see caveats below). Amenities, such as, maid service, TV, Coffee, vending machines and ice were entirely acceptable and appreciated. The Complimentary breakfast was as we expected. Mostly, the staff was understanding of our requests. Second, the bad points. We arrived on Thursday July 5th, 2007 and stayed until the following Monday. After check-in, we proceeded to our room and couldn't find the safe. We had brought a substantial amount of American and Canadian cash for the four of us. We didn't want to walk the streets with this money nor leave it unprotected in our room. The duty clerk gave us a shrug as maybe our room didn't (or wasn't supposed to) have one. Also our request for a refrigerator again was met with a shrug. No one knew where the key was for the refrigerator. The next clerk didn't know either. The next morning we went to get a paper to do some Festival hunting. No papers. Again, shrugs (maybe they were all gone by the time we got there or not delivered). Only brochures were available. That morning our key cards became unusable on us. They didn't work and several times we were locked out of our room and we had to go down to the clerk to get into our room. This problem went on from Friday through Sunday afternoon when they mysteriously started working again. On Friday evening they gave us one &quot;Master&quot; card key from the Reception Desk. I though this was highly unusual. We didn't try this card on any other rooms, but I was uneasy just having a &quot;Master Card Key&quot;. On Saturday, while we were lounging in our room, we were surprised by other guests opening our door and walking in on us (how did their key card work?). This was extremely unsettling for my wife and our grand daughter (as you might imagine). They wanted to leave immediately after that. Of course, the other guests apologized and went back to get another room. After the Key Card fiasco, the shift manager said that it was the &quot;dead bolt&quot; lock. But they were only able to duplicate the problem with the door open and the &quot;dead bolt&quot; turned out, not under any other circumstances. As a maintenance manager, with 50 years experience, I was highly skeptical of that explanation. The foregoing was just a prelude to our most grievous complaint. We rented a car to use on this trip. When we first arrived, we noticed that there were &quot;No Parking&quot; signs everywhere. When we inquired where we were supposed to park, we were told they didn't have any parking! Not in any description of the Lodging did I read that. We were directed to a parking lot a block away. The cost was to be $20.00 per day. When I got there I was told that the cost was $80.00 and the car would be parked for two days. I couldn't get it out until two days later! When I asked why, I was told that they didn't need my business and to &quot;go away&quot;. I was also told that if I came back it would be $100.00 per night! Needless to say I was surprised that EconoLodge would recommend that parking lot as their parking lot. After two hours of driving around looking for a spot to park, I found one 4 blocks from the Econolodge. Three local persons couldn't tell me if the signs would allow me to park. It seems that there is NO parking under so many different reasons. The parking lots are few and far between in Montreal. The next morning I relayed my problems from the night before and the next clerk told me. &quot;No, No, don't got to that lot, got to the College underground garage for $10.00 for 12 hours&quot;. I asked why I wasn't told that the night before, I got the usual shrug. So, after much concern and expense, I finally was able to park my rental car. Ultimately the total cost for parking was (at least) $90.00. I think I could have upgraded to a better hotel for that price! Also after closer inspection I noticed that some residents seemed to park on the street with no problem, whereas I was told the police would be called and I would be ticketed. In my opinion, I got ripped off using the Econolodge on this trip. Other hotels in this area have underground garages for patron parking. We spent absolutely too much for the Econolodge, gasoline, walking the streets too and from the parking lot and payment of $10.00 for partial 12 hour parking fees that all added up. I am also concerned that hotel management does not really care about customer service. If I were asked to recommend this hotel I definitely would NOT.	
Aug 20 2007 	Watch out for Bed Bugs.	Take the other guys advice and do not ever stay in this [--] hole, it was seriously the worst hotel I've ever had the misfortune of staying in.Upon arriving we checked in and went to our rooms. The first thing we noticed was it was NOT cleaned after the last people checked out. Both of the beds in our double were not made up, there was used napkins on the floor as well as dirty socks. So ok this was a very bad first impression. So I head downstairs and asked the guy at the desk if this hotel had any housekeeping, all I got was some weird looks. I then asked him for some clean shits and blankets and pillows, he returned with a few sheets and some towels. Ok so i guess we don't get blankets or pillows.Now after dealing with this we figured it couldn't get to much worse, but it sure did. Now we had a total of 6 people with us, so we got 2 double rooms. Our friends didn't arrive till a few hours later and when they did they seemed to have lucked out and got a room that was actually cleaned up. Lucky them they thought... till they woke up in the morning and noticed BED BUGS may have been feeding on them. I say may since there was blood on both beds sheets, but figuring how dirty this hotel is that may have already been there.Now this was just to much. We informed the front desk, and they're response to this was &quot;You brought them from outside&quot; I don't think they apologized at all. The only thing they did was refund the money for the 2nd night for the room that had the bugs. If everyone wanted to leave that grimey hotel we would not be refunded for the room that we didn't see bugs in (though they were probably there to). They would not give any type of refund for the first night, not even a partial.So whatever you do, no matter how budget your trying to make your trip, it is not worth it to stay in this room. The homeless shelters are probably cleaner then this hotel was.	
Jul 11 2007 	Not worth the effort	Booked through choicehotels.com. CH is the parent company for an entire host of hotels. The negative aspects of the hotel were many:1. Parking was listed as $15/day offsite, however upon arrival, manager could not give accurate directions to parking lot and once found the price was $20/day and was several blocks away.2. The deadbolt in the room door did not work.3. The maid did not announce herself when she tried to enter (thank god for the door chain).4. The bathroom was filthy, mold on the tiles, etc.5. There was a whirlpool tub in the living room that had visible scum on it.6. There was no &quot;do not disturb sign&quot;7. There was no locking mechanism on the window and the window was close to the ground near a vacant lot.8. Hotel has a 30 day minimum notice for cancellation. I wanted to used my membership points for a room in another hotel in the same chain, but the local manager would not release me from the room. I travel for a living and all other hotels I stay at allow a cancellation the same day of arrival.	
Jun 22 2007 	U get what U pay for	One of several lower end Montreal hotels. It could use a recarpeting/steam cleaning for sure, but it has all the basics, and a better location than most in its price range. The wireless works well, decent beds, ok showers. I've been in several of their rooms. Its a toss up whether you'll get an iron for example.The parking across the street on St.laurent has gone from $14 to $20/night, which is way more than most places.The simple answer is if you can afford $120 go somewhere else, if $90 is your limit, then its ok. Better than the St.Andre or TajMahal for sure.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great for the price	This was the second time I stayed there. It is not the Hilton, but it is clean and safe. Check in and Check out were quick and friendly, room was basic, but clean, maid service was very good,. You can't beat the location. In between Stherbrooke and St. Catherines, as well as St. Denis and St. Laurent. Right in the heart of the action. The area around it is slightly run down, but that's Montreal. For the Jazz festival, you could probaly hear the music from your room! The location is that good-Especially for $58 USD per night. Here is a point form breakdown of the good and the bad...CONS: Parking-I got a ticket-$42 The Montreal parking police can be nasty- I don't think I was in the wrong, but the signs are in French, and I have been told that they prey upon non-Quebec cars. Pay the extra $15 per day and park on a lot. You will have to walk a bit thoughBreakfast-Not much-Croissants Orange juice and coffee. and they kept running out. but hey, it was free.PROS: Location, Location, Location- I noticed comments about being afraid in that neighbourhood. I have been going to Montreal for 30 years, all times of the year, day and night, and have never felt scared. Much of Montreal is a bit seedy, but that adds to the charm. This place was close to everything. Price-Almost half the cost of places half a mile awayCheck in and check out- fast, friendly efficientRoom-Clean, and nice (for a cheap hotel)Free wireless internetA hotel in Monteal is a base of operaions: A place to sleep. This was fine for that purpose. If I want to hang out in a hotel room, I'll stay home. I like this piace for the easy access it offers to this wonderful city. .	
Oct 10 2006	Not that bad	Large room, clean, not noticed anything/anyone strange or dangerous nearby (normal environment, not particulary well-kept, of a big city). Walking distance from downtown, near metro. Stuff quite busy, but not unfriendly. Reasanoble (continental) brakfast.	
Aug 25 2006	Cheap but you get what you pay for	I decided to write this review for the Econolodge in downtown Montreal after reading other reviews that said they felt unsafe. The hotel is not great, but you should know that based on the price. It's a clean bed to sleep, that's all. I am from Toronto and felt no difference in terms of safety. Hookers smoking pot nearby doesn't really sound that dangerous to be honest. I am curious whether or not the people that said they did not feel safe actually experienced something to make them think this way. The staff at the hotel were fine and helpful when I asked for bus directions and taxi arrangements.It was in walking distance to many sites downtown, assuming you're used to an urban setting and the walking that accompanies it.	
Aug 13 2006 	Worst Hotel Experience	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in. In an area of Montreal that didn't look safe to walk in. Unfriendly staff, not a pleasant experience. Room looked out onto an abandoned gravel lot with garbage in it. Parking was not mentioned to be a fee when booked. Couldn't park on the street (all restricted areas). Was initially told that parking was around the corner and in thru the wire fence. Couldn't locate parking so asked again to different person. Was then told parking was $15 and not provided by the hotel. Small unsecured lot. I was hoping that my car would still be there in the morning!!! Did not get accomodations I had made a reservation for. Reserved a king, got a queen. Shower curtain was tied back with a piece of toilet paper. Old mini-bar hidden in tv cabinet. Breakfast consisted of Croissants, juice and coffee. Better than nothing. Will never stay at an Econolodge again if this is what to expect.	
Jul 1 2006	Worst hotel in Montreal	Friday...First off, the hotel had lost our reservations that were made one year in advance and confirmed the week prior by Choice Hotels. The manager made no attempt to correct the situation and when I showed him my guarantee of a room by Choice Hotels and I asked him to call them immediately, he told me I could call them on my own phone, he would have not part in helping us. I insisted that he call (he did but practically threw the phone at me after dialling) and there were many worried looking customers waiting to hopefully check in. He told us he didn't have any rooms at all, and there were none to be found in the city that weekend. After my initial conversation with Choice Hotels, he miraculously found a room, with one bed for the 3 of us. That obviously wasn't an option, I had a guarantee for 2 double beds and 3 adults in one bed wouldn't work. He then completely ignored me and moved on to other people waiting. Now, I became very angry and I insisted once again that he call Choice Hotels and find us a room. He refused. He wouldn't allow me to use the hotel phone at first but then handed it to me and told me to call Choice Hotels, he wouldn't even dial the phone. After my 2nd conversation with a superivisor for the chain, the manager found us a room with 2 double beds. We had now lost an entire day, paid for, at the F1 race, which isn't refundable and very expensive.On to the room...air conditioning doesn't work and it's very hot that weekend. I called the desk and they said they would call a service technician to fix the air conditioning. No one came and we spent a sleepless night in a hot, loud room. We had the window open 2&quot; and there wasn't a screen so all the bugs cam in during the night. As well, the drunken tourists made noise all night outside of our room, on the street.Sauturday...I complained at the front desk about the air conditioning and was told no one would be comng to fix it. I didn't even get an &quot;I'm sorry&quot;. Another night of bugs, heat and loud noises.Sunday...No water pressure for showers and towels for 2 people despite the fact that on Friday I told them we'd need towels for 3 (paying for 3 people) and I had to search for a chambermaid each day to get extra towels. I went to the front desk to get the 3rd set of towels and didn't notice it but was handed a set of completely shredded towels that you wouldn't use to wash your car.Although we'd reserved for Sunday night as well we couldn't wait to get out early and find somewhere else, which we did and was 100% better, and less expensive as well.We've stayed here before but this was the last time. We've asked the staff each time we come there to tell us what the French parking signs say on the street and they refuse every time to translate them. The desk staff are rude and nasty, chamber maids were sweet and caring. The rooms are small and not worth a $100 stay per night by any means.I have travelled the world and this by far is the worst place I have ever stayed.	
Sep 26 2005	Good for the price but not in a safe area	My fiance and I stayed here to save a couple bucks rather than paying $150 a night to stay at a nicer hotel. If we could do it again, we'd pay the extra $$. There's no parking, and the lock on our room was broken. Now this made me feel a little insecure since on the cab ride there we witnessed two fights and a muggin right around the corner.Also, one of the nights we came back around midnight and there were two hookers sitting on the front steps smoking pot. No joke.One of our cab drivers said that there are alot of drug dealers in the area, so DO NOT go walking on the street late at night, for you are taking your life in your hands if you do.The room itself was clean and the staff was friendly, but the no parking and dangerous criminal activity in the area should be enough to keep you away.	
Sep 17 2005	I've stayed here three times have doubts if will again	Good points - I was there for the Champcar Racing Weekend in August. As this location is two subway stops from the race track and maybe 3 subway stops from Cresent street were all the festivities are, its a great location.The price is very reasonable all in $450 cdn for four nights.Problems/Issues - One the Saturday Night an older lady started knocking my door around 7:30pm. I ignored her, surprise to me she opened my door lucky i had the emergency keychain lock on. She sreamed open the door. I closed it and got dressed when I opened she had disappeared.On the sunday Night the cleaning staff left my door not closed properly...anyone could have walked in.Everyday and night from the Thursday to sunday there were teenage/twentish young people on the pay phone on the floor all the time. Also lots of banging of doors at all hours.Other issue is that around St. Laurent station south to St. Catherine the area did not seem nice. I have been there two other times and although there were cleanliness and other problems their, this time there were many more and more extreme. I would not recommend the hotel at all for families with children.Overall i'm not sure if I will return to this hotel. I love the location and price, but the problems in the hotel and the st. laurent station/st. catherine area are probably to much for me to return.	
Aug 31 2005	Filthy place	When we arrived at the hotel which by the way is part way down a hill, the only parking there was, was on the street. Garbage was strewn around the area - I actually asked the gentleman at the registration desk (who by the way was very friendly) if it was safe to leave our car out on the street all night.We arrived at the hotel around 6:00ish and were only able to stay the one night. Our thought was that 'hey it's only one night' how bad can it be.The room was absolutely filthy. On the floor beside the bed were beer caps - approx. 5. There was garbage behind the night table. The floors did appear to be vacuumed at least. When I went to take a bath, only the shower worked as there was no plug for the tub. There were two double beds in the room - first thing I checked was to see if the sheets were clean, and they were. If I happened to get up in the dark I would have smacked by knee on the dresser to get to the door as there was just no room to move around. No place to put luggage. The hallways did smell. The rooms were dark and dingy.Upon checking out the next morning registration desk asked how was your stay - I mentioned the state of the room and can quote her response of &quot;oh sorry!&quot; All of this for $100.00 a night!!!!!!!!The real unfortunate part of this whole story - I read the reviews for this hotel AFTER our trip. I am so sorry I did not take the time to read the reviews before.	
Jul 14 2005	I wouldn't stay there again	The staff were polite and helpful, the location was great, and the continental breakfast was free. The catch was that the room was smelly and so dirty that you could see grime on the walls. The hallway and room also smelled.	
Sep 29 2004	Best Avoided	I stayed at this hotel over a holiday weekend in September, and I don't think I've ever received such shoddy treatment from staff ever before.The individual rooms were nice, but that's where the niceness ends. The hallways, elevator and lobby area looked unkempt. A broken beer bottle sat in a stairwell for 2 days.The worst part of this hotel was its staff, who seemed to stoop to new lows in their quest to push guests out the door. I was checking out of the hotel on a holiday Monday, so it would be highly unlikely they were expecting a huge influx of guests the following day. But they seemed determined to push me out of the hotel A.S.A.P.Check-out time is 12 p.m. I left my room at 11:15 to get a coffee, and when I returned at 11:30 (the nearest coffee shop was about 15 minutes away - and I wasn't going to take a chance on the coffee in the lobby!), my electronic key card had been deactivated. Then, as I was finishing packing up and making sure I hadn't left anything behind, the front desk called to say &quot;Check-out time is 12.&quot; I felt like I was on some kind of assembly line. Believe me, at that point, I couldn't wait to get out of that dump.You may get a cheap rate at this hotel, but even though I'm a frugal traveller, I wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 2 2004	Great Place	We were greeted by the manager, &quot;Jerry&quot; with a handshake and a warm welcome. Our internet reservation was ready to sign when we arrived. Jerry let us use his parking spot right outside the door. Our room on the main floor as requested, was clean and well appointed with a comfortable mattress and great shower being one of the best Econolodges we have stayed in. We were within a 10 minute walk to old Montreal. In the morning we had a continental breakfast with other apparently very satisfied travellers. It was an extremely pleasant stay and we would definitely stay here again. Thanks to Jerry and all staff for making our stay very enjoyable and convenient. P.S. Jerry, let me know that you got this message. Doug	
Jul 8 2004	Used to be ok now run down!	My husband &amp; I have stayed here numerous times, as we like the location (although it is on a very steep hill-not for the physically challenged) and the price. Unfortunately, over time the place has gotten rather run-down and grimy (hallways &amp; rooms), and seems ever-populated by swarms of young adults who like slamming doors in the wee hours. The price no longer seems worth the ick factor--and with so many other nice places to stay in Montreal (namely, b&amp;bs), we won't go back.	
Oct 3 2003	looks run down	the place was rundown with homeless people laying around outside. prison gates was on the windowof the first floor. it looked like a prison it's also built on a hill. i had to cancel my reservations and check in to the holiday inn. the holiday inn is a 100x better.	
Jan 2 2003	Smelly	I stayed at the Econolodge for one night last May and was not impressed. For $100 a night, the room smelled moldy and the corridors smelled like...I can't even explain it...kind of like rotting sausages cooking in a vat of old grease.The service was awful. Parking was three blocks away.Never again.	
May 15 2008 	Désastreux		
Mar 5 2008 	Un bon hôtel bien situé dans une ville fantastique!		
