Sep 29 2009 	Good option for a very good price.	The locaion of the hotel its relly good for turist interest, the best its the price .	
Sep 18 2009 	interesting experience	My sleeping experience was amazing, the beds are incredibly comfortable. The hotel is very well located and as for everything else... you pay for what you get!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Exceed expectations	we went for a week-end on august.we were greeted nicely with a warm smile, fast check in procedure, rooms were amazing (nice view and comfortable beds),food was very good..rates were afordable..it was a nice experience.i enjoyed my saty and their professional staff exceeded my expectaionsA.B	
Sep 17 2009 	very enjoyable stay	Just got back from a short trip to Montreal were we stayed at this hotel. The location was great (close to major attractions), the room was spacious and inviting, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. On top of that, the quality of the service made our stay very enjoyable.	
Sep 2 2009 	A poor choice	I booked this hotel many months ago for a first venture to Montreal as a vacation area. Reviews seemed good at the time, but the hotel was in the process of changing management and brand - THAT SHOUD HAVE BEEN MY FIRST CLUE! Websites did not have all the information needed and calls were necesary, each time the person answering was not able to give information needed, but said someone else would call back. No calls, causing my recall. Third time was the charm and all semed well. Arrived on Sept 1 for a three day stay. This is the beginning of day 2 and all is not well. At check in, the staff at the desk (no one has a name tag) said the room was not ready. We were meeting with friends who were already arrived. Once that was made known, a room, already made up, was available two doors away from theirs. Room seem fine although old style and colors. Six hour later housekping showed up to make up the room - they seem to have no idea what has or has not been done. Bed was fine, view was great! Bathroom was small, in need of repair, and the ground fault interrupter for the hair dryer had to be reset evey 10 seconds of use! I am sorry to say we have two more days of this to look forward to.	
Aug 26 2009 	great hotel....very comfy retreat!	I stayed at the Grand Plaza hotel last night, and the manager was super nice! Rooms very modern, beds were comfy,and the hotel extremely quiet....great place to come back to, after a long,noisy day in old Montreal....excellent location...:-)	
Aug 17 2009 	Hot Hot Hot and not the good kind of hot!	I checked in on Friday afternoon, August 14. My room on the 23rd floor was nice. As I requested, except for the fact that it was 78 degrees in it. After a shower, I called the front desk and they moved me to a (smaller) room on the 23rd floor which was still acceptable. After hanging out there for a bit and hoping that it was a matter of time before it cooled down, I check the thermostat and it was 77 degrees. I was sweating. It was a hot weekend in Montreal. Called the front desk again and told them that the AC was simply not working but the front desk would actually not admit that it wasn't working. Eventually I got moved to a &quot;SUITE&quot;. This was their way of hoping to make good for the inconveniences. The suite is actually like an apartment with a kitchenette, dining area, sofa, foyer, etc... not what I needed or wanted but hey, it came with an assurance of being cool. The problem with this room, no WI-FI, but they did give me a cable to connect directly to the LAN which I never did get to work. They gave me a coupon for a free breakfast which was nice of them. I turned the thermostats down to their lowest level and it lacking a digital readout, I'm going to guess that the temperature in the room was 74. The fact that it was on the 3rd floor and not east-facing is what made it cooler. I have to say Laura was very pleasant to deal with. I searched high and low for a decent hotel close to the village for a good rate... I got a good rate... but it wasn't worth the heat! The bed in the room was a metal frame which was once screwed into the wall. The screws have since been completely come out of the wall and the dry-wall dust is sitting on dark blue carpet glaring right up at you when you go to make the bed. Why oh why doesn't housekeeping clean it up? Do not know. Maybe for the same reason that the tray with 6 empty glasses was sitting beside the 3rd floor elevator for 24+ hours. All in all, not a good experience at the Grand Plaza sadly. I was hoping that it was going to become my new favourite hotel while in Montreal. Guess I'm going to have to keep looking.	
Aug 4 2009 	Non-Professional staff with little knowledge!	Just go back from staying at this horrific hotel if you can call it that. The place was disgusting the pool was smelly and gross and to top it off the the sheets were ripped and the staff had absolutely zero people skills. Would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone espcially those with children. Word of advise to the hotel, try cleaning the outside windows once in awhile the crud that is building up on the edges are absolutely disgusting!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Grand = NO...Centre-Ville = YES	There is nothing &quot;Grand&quot; about this Grand Plaza Hotel. Don't let picture fool you (maybe you're not fooled to begin with). The hotel, as many reviews have mentioned, has seen better days. The first room we stayed in, the air conditioning didn't work property -- so the room was hot and the a/c made a tapping noise all night. We had to call to move rooms at 1:30am that first night!The pool is gross. The clientele is definitely budget, so keep that in mind if that's not your scene.On the plus side, the hotel is perfectly located to see all of the city -- Rue St Denis is around the corner, and we walked to all other areas -- Musee Beaux Arts, Gay Village, steps to Mont Real, Vieux Montreal. So if location is the name of your game, definitely think about this as a selection. If you were expecting anything Grand in the Grand Plaza, keep on searching.	
Jul 5 2009	Across the street from the Metro 	My teenage son &amp; I stayed here when we went to Montreal to see Radiohead. The valet parking drop off area is pretty small, maybe room for 8 cars, but the harried valet was very pleasant &amp; we didn't have to wait long for him to bring us our car back when we checked out. It's seen better days, but the room we got was very comfortable &amp; e had an uneventful stay. St. Denis St with it's cafes is only block or 2 away, but be warned, it's probably one of the most &quot;french&quot; areas, when we sat at one patio, the server had to get someone from the kitchen to speak english with us, that was a first for me in probably 20 visits over the years to Montreal. When I told some local friends where we were staying one commented &quot;You must be brave&quot;, she was referring to the neighbourhood, but my son &amp; I walked all around &amp; never felt any reason to be nervous. Although I had no problems with the hotel, it's location for access to the places I like to be when I'm in Montreal, isn't the best. I'll try to be more central to where I want to be next time. (Booked this on Hotwire, so didn't know exact location or hotel until I'd paid).	
Jul 4 2009 	Amazing value - great for travelers on a budget	This hotel cost us $99 a night, at least $50 less than other hotels in the area. We got a king size bed on the 19th floor with a huge and glorious view of the river.For the money it is hard to do better. The rooms are clean, if a little worn. The beds are very comfortable and the fitness room is very new. The bathrooms are a little spartan, but quite clean.Parking is expensive if u use theirs, but parking around the block is free.Overall, as a cheap, clean, and comfortable home base in an extremely convient location, i dont think u can beat this hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	4-Star? More like 1 -Star!	When my husband and I arrived to the Montreal the hotel was hard to find because of several street closures. Needless to say, that was not under their control. Once we finally reached the hotel, it was 2 hours past check in time at 5:00 PM (check in time was 3:00 PM). We were so exhausted from our 8 hour road trip and were anxious to get to our hotel room only to find out from the unapologetic and rude receptionist that they needed another 20 minutes to get it ready for us! Mind you we had made the reservation over a week in advance and were charged for the hotel right away. We then had no choice but to wait in the reception area and finally 30 minutes later I decided to ask them if the room was ready and luckily it was. But of course they didn't even have the decency to tell us when we were waiting in their lobby in plain sight! Any how, we go to the room to find a tiny room with a broken vent and wall paper peeling off the walls and a tiny bathroom - btw when booking the room we were told that the room will have a King bed however it actually had a queen bed. Any how I go to use the shower to freshen up only to find hair in the shower and a black floor. It was obvious the bathroom was not cleaned. I called house keeping, no answer to no surprise. I had to go downstairs to the reception area again to tell them and finally 30 minutes later the room bathroom was cleaned. My husband and I then leave to go out.We return to the hotel room 3 hours later only to find that ALL OF THE ELEVATORS IN THE HOTEL ARE NOT WORKING!! We were told by the receptionists to either take the stairs (mind you we were staying on the 11th floor!!) or the service elevator. Well my husband and I take the offer to use the service elevator, however we didn't know what was waiting for us in the elevator! In the service elevator was garbage, flies and a used plunger! They didn't even have the decency to clean it for their guests! We finally make it to our hotel room and my husband tries to turn on the TV but the remote doesn't work! We then try to call the front desk from the phone next to our bed and that doesn't work either! My husband then finally uses the other phone in the room to call the front desk only to hear from them that they will come up when they can. Everyone is trying to get the elevators working! Someone finally comes up about 30 minutes later with a new remote. Also, another fair warning it was really hot and humid in Montreal over the weekend we stayed. WE go to turn on the air conditioner and it doesn't seem to work. We go to the front desk only to find out that the hotel has a centralized A/C unit and we cannot adjust it. We were stuck in a hot, muggy hotel all weekend. The stay at this hotel nearly ruined our weekend. They only good thing about the hotel was that it was really close to the Metro so we could leave and get around easily. We even tried to leave the night we got there but everything in the city was booked, so we were stuck. To everyone considering this self proclaimed &quot;4 star&quot; hotel - save your money. It's a piece of crap!	
Jun 27 2009	Grand Plaza - minus the Grand	While this hotel claims to be a 4-Star accomodation, it has a few areas that make you questions the 4th Star... While the hotel room is really big and the bed comfortable (supposedly a Queen, most likely a Full) and the location great next to St. Dennis and the Latin Quarter, the lack and lackluster service coupled with the apparent air conditioning annd water pressure shortage (thermostat reads 62 - in reality more like 78) bring down the ambiance a few notches.For the price we paid for our Business Suite ($84 pre tax per night), it could say that it is worth it . But charge me the regular price - NO WAY!They offer a breakfast buffet in the morning - $14 reg, $10 with AAA discount, but honestly, it's worth skipping. The fruit is unripe, the eggs soggy, the sausage anemic, and the tea pots old and mangled.Bottom line, if it is luxury you are looking for, keep on looking. If a comfortable bed is enough and you can look around its flaws and get a great deal on the room - then it's worth considering.	
May 25 2009 	Adequate	This hotel is very shabby, but the location is fantastic. If you get a good rate on line, it's worth a stay. It has a decent little pool and exercise room. I've never eaten in the restaurant - why would you when you are in Montreal, a diner's paradise!? There's a great coffee shop two blocks away for breakfast. There is an entrance to the metro in the hotel, or you can walk 2 or 3 blocks down the hill to the central metro station for the whole city. The staff are friendly. The hotel is convenient to tourist and cultural sites, and is also close to downtown. It just desperately needs an update but if you're ok with tired decor, there's no reason not to stay here. And by the way the views are incredible. One downside: I did have a lot of problems with the wifi ... although it was free! It dropped a lot.	
Mar 19 2009 	Aging Doubletree But Not Too Bad	Spent 3 nights at this property (then a Doubletree). Good location, large rooms, excellent views of Montreal. Rooms could use a makeover--not awful, but not up to today's standards. Parking garage was something of a pain and a bit pricey. Had breakfast buffet one morning in hotel--expensive but pretty good. At the right price, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	One of my favorite hotels-- I have stayed there three times to catch the Just For Laughs comedy festival or just to experience Montreal's cafes. The rooms are roomy, clean and have excellent views of the downtown skyline. The service is very English friendly if you need it. It can sometimes take a while to check in if you come during the rush, but they give you a free cookie, nice touch. The location is very close to the center of the comedy festival and if you like walking you can get to several of the areas hotspots on St. Laurent and St. Denis. It's also just a few blocks to a Metro station. I try not to stay anywhere else now.	
Dec 16 2008 	Be aware of billing practices in this hotel	Recently stayed 1 night with the kids. The purpose of stay - my husband's 50th anniversary which has been spoiled later by the fact that we found $250 additional charges on Visa made by the hotel. After multiple attempts to contact the hotel billing department for an explanation, we've been told that we smoked in the room and have been charged for that!WE ARE A FAMILY OF NON-SMOKERS AND DO NOT SMOKE AT ALL! As of today (four weeks after our stay), the management of the hotel is still inaccessible for answers. WILL DEFINITELY AVOID STAYING IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT IN FUTURE.	
Nov 3 2008 	Definately past its prime but nowhere as bad as some reviews make it to be!	I'll try to keep this review pretty short as I agree with many points that have been made by previous reviewers on this site. Stayed for one night on Halloween this week-end and it was, as the rating suggest, an average hotel and stay. I would definately not pay much more than I did but around the CAN $100 a night mark, the hotel is terrific value! You won't find much better accomodation around that price range in Montreal. I also don't understand those who said it is not downtown Montreal, the Doubletree definately IS downtown, in the Latin district. The business district is a little further away but you are 10 minutes or less by foot from St-Denis and St-Laurent where you'll find many restaurants/bars and Montreal architecture. The village is also 10 minutes away walking, tops. There is a pharmacy right in front of the hotel and a grocery store about 5 minutes away (again, all by foot). Here are some points however on which I agree with previous reviews:-We also brought a labtop to take advantage of their free Wifi and it did keep cutting off or we had trouble connecting to the network. If you're just checking attractions/restaurants it ain't that bad for for a business traveler, that would definately get annoying. At least they don't charge like most fully branded Hiltons. -Rooms are definately a bit worn, but only for some things. It's funny how they seemed to have put some effort in renovating some things and others items were left untouched. For instance, our carpet looked if not brand new, very recently changed. The wallpaper had no trace of use/peeling either and the beds are the standard Doubletree fare with jumbo pillows and a very comfy mattress. Now, there are a few things I did notice as I stayed numerous times here (last time before this one in 2001 with my parents, back when I was still a teen) in the late 90s when the hotel was still a Crowne Plaza. The furniture is still the same as what they had around 1996-97 when I first stayed there as a kid. To give them credit though, our furniture was in perfect condition, if not a bit classic in style, with no scratch marks or anything. I've seen recently renovated hotels with much more worn furniture. Their's is hardwood though which is probably why it stays in such a great shape. The bathrooms were also left mostly in their original state, with some minor improvements such as new lighting fixtures and a curved shower rod. Just don't expect a nice granite countertop and floors here. Again, at around 100$ downtown Montreal, can't complain since it was clean. Be aware howerver that not all rooms are equal, since I asked to see a new one after the one I was assigned was right next to the elevator landing, even though my HHonors profile states I want to be away from elevators and it had certainly not had as much care as the first room they gave me. -The pool area is grotty and was empty both times we checked it out. This area was what seemed like it needed the most attention here. A good scrub in the change rooms and around the floor's edges definately required. -Views from the rooms are absolutely beautiful no matter where your room is, as the hotel is on top of a hill with few tall towers around.-The hotel was busy on this Halloween night and so was their Valet. I don't like using Valet Parking so I decided to stick to self-parking and not only do you have no in-out privileges, there is a 12.75 cash deposit required on arrival. They don't take credit cards. And they won't let you park within their view so you can go grab cash. Awful service from the parking's management and the hotel on that part who was of no help, unless you used their valet.Other observations:-Staff was not as cold as some made them to be but I've definately had better service in Hilton family properties before. Female staff certainly more cheerful and willing to help I found than their male counterparts that were there on the night of arrival. -Service calls were not promptly responded to. We had no wash clothes the first night and called the next morning to get some. It took two calls to housekeeping and nearly half an hour to get some.-Went down to check out the restaurant to see If they had any food left just before lunch time and the employee there was too busy chatting on the phone to even acknowledge me, even though I was literally standing in front of her. I left. -Lobby is still the same as it was in the 90s minus a new floor but well-preserved, if you like traditional flair. Elevators are quick.My conclusion? Stay here, especially in the low season when they have awesome rates and you'll get a decent, clean room, a stunning, safe location, HHonors points if you're a member, great views from the rooms and free Internet. My advice would be to just keep your expectations low and you'll be more than happy with this Doubletree.	
Nov 3 2008	Comfortable stay	Comfortable stay at this well located high-rise on Sherbrooke. Had a great view of downtown from the 12th floor. However, rooms, and in particular bathrooms, are in need of a makeover.	
Nov 2 2008 	Faded beauty- Honest yet shows its age	Booked this through Priceline for 82$ all inclusive. As one of the previous reviewer mentioned, as the Canadian dollar is going down, it may be worthwhile to check the Hilton website directly, which is in CA$. We arrived late. When I called in the morning, they told me only rooms with doubles where available, however, I was given a King upon request. Service was friendly. The hotel was very busy on this Halloween evening. The room itself was clean, spacious, with a very comfortable king bed and pillows which were not overtly soft. The bathroom is diminutive and the shower is anaemic at best, and rather dirty, due to the anti-slip covering on the floor of the bath. Toiletries are adequate. The view from the room on the 18th was quite nice, overseeing the Champlain bridge and the river. The exercise room is equipped with TV mounted aerobic machines. The pool is of decent size, however, the walls were peeling and moulding. The sauna is in each of the men and ladies room, and barely worked in both, I understand. Parking is expensive, but you can park on St-Hubert, and streets further east, or its 7 to 10$ for 24h at the Bibliothèque Nationale. Metro is very close (Sherbrooke Station). Restaurant is expensive for breakfast, so I recommend L'Évidence on St-Denis and Cherrier (4.99$ for 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, potatoes, fruits, and toasts, with maple syrup!).Overall, a decent hotel showing some signs of wear and in need of a good refurbishing.	
Oct 27 2008	Strongly Recommend	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here for our two-year anniversary for the weekend and booked a basic room through their website. It was $160.00 per night, which wasn't to bad. Check in time is 15:00 but we arrived at 10:00 that morning. Upon our arrival (5 hours before check-in time), the receptionist told us that there was something wrong with our room that we reserved, so they bumped us up to the &quot;La Presidente Suite&quot; on the sixth floor ($300.00 / night value!) for NO extra charge. They were very welcoming and polite and I would STRONGLY RECCOMEND this hotel to anyone going to Montreal. Our Suite had a kitchen, ceramic tile floors, living room, couch, lay z boy, tv, and our rooms had a queen bed with a tv as well. The bathroom was geourgeous and had Neutrogena products; which was also good. Overall, the location was great and the friendly staff were amazing. The Metro station is not far at all (once you walk out the main lobby, turn left). It was a great anniversary and an excellent hotel to stay at.	
Oct 22 2008 	Heart of Veggie Heaven	We got a good deal on this hotel through Priceline, BUT I would recommend checking the exchange rate and the rate the hotel itself is offering.This is a solid three-star hotel, as advertised. It's nice and clean, somewhat upscale and perfectly located for leisure travel. There are two Metro stops within easy walking distance, and from there, all the city's attractions are easily accessible.For vegetarians, the location of this place at the edge of the Latin Quarter is fantastic. The lower part of rue St. Denis is a very short walk from the hotel, and it offers a variety of veg and veg-friendly restaurants, including the unbelievable Le Comensal.The reception desk people were not friendly or helpful at all. Parking is $15.75 a day with NO in-out privileges at a private garage behind the hotel. BUT the hotel people will dispense no information except that the garage exists.I hasten to add that we were treated with the utmost courtesy everywhere else in Montreal.	
Oct 19 2008 	Just okay.	There is nothing spectacular for this hotel, so the price is reasonable. Valet parking is expensive (and if you park it yourself, you are charged each time you take the car out), and when we got our car out on the second there, there was a non-stop rattling-scraping sound! The receptionist who checked us in is possibly the gravest-looking woman. Not a single smile passed her face, and she was supposed to be welcoming us! The maid, on the other hand, was very nice and efficient, cleaning the bathroom without waking me up (on my boyfriend's request) and stocking us up on chocolates! The room is dilapidated, with holes on the sheets and blanket and signs of breakage on the wall. Brown stuff (either from the pool walls or from the sauna) stuck on my boyfriend's trunks. He also got a rash around his neck after that night of swimming there. I like the fact that there is a coffee-maker, but the coffee that they have is pretty disgusting. Lavazza should not taste like that. The internet connection is just awful. We have two laptops, and on both, we kept getting disconnected. The view is great, but I'm not sure if that makes up for everything else.	
Oct 14 2008 	Very Good Stay	Given all the bad reviews, I was very apprehensive about staying here. But overall, I definitely can recommend the hotel. There's no doubt the hotel has seen better days. But if you can get beyond that, it has several big advantages: --Location: The hotel is at the beginning of the Plateau area. What I liked about the location was that you were in much more of a neigborhood than downtown. Within a five minute walk, you probably had two dozen restaurants, nice apartment buildings, shops, convenient stores, etc. You were right near the Metro. You are also a 5-10 minute walk from where the Aerobus airport shuttle departs from, and probably about a 20 minute walk from the old city. --Price: When I booked, the Doubletree was at least $60 or $70 a night cheaper than comparable hotels. --Rooms: Again, the rooms are definitely a bit worn. But you had terrific beds, free internet , free coffee and cookies, and my room had an incredible view.	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't judge a book by its cover...	Admittedly, the Doubletree Montreal is an aging hotel (it used to be part of the Holiday Inn family), but I think you will find this a most enjoyable and convenient place to stay.First off it has a great location on Rue Sherbrooke Est just outside the hustle and bustle of the city center. Secondly, it has a Metro stop right next to the hotel. Thirdly, it has a parking garage connected to the hotel where I parked my car for the weekend at a very reasonable rate. Best of all there is a passageway right off the lobby that leads right into the garage. Best bet is to avoid the valet service and take your car directly to the garage. Just tell the garage staff you are staying at the hotel and they will advise you of the rate and where to park your car..As for the room, it was very nice with a beautiful view of the city. Admittedly the room's decor and amenities were dated, but the beds were new and most comfortable.The breakfast buffet was excellent and the oversized towels guests find in the health club/pool were a nice touch.Yes, as I stated above the hotel is showing its age a bit, but the &quot;little touches&quot; they have added make this a place to which I will gladly return!	
Oct 6 2008	Do NOT Stay Here	Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this place. Other than the comfortable beds, there are few nice things about this place. The check in was horrible. Our rooms weren't ready on time. I have young kids and requested adjoining rooms when I made the reservations. When they gave us our rooms, they said the hotel was full and there were no adjoining rooms available. They said maybe the next day when it wasn't as busy, adjoining rooms would become available. The next day (different staff), we were told there ADJOINING ROOM don't exist in this hotel!!! I then asked him why, when I made my reservation, they didn't tell me that? He sent for the manager. The manager did some major double talking that to this day, I still don't know whether that hotel has adjoining rooms. Just left a sour taste in my mouth. The rooms themselves were small. The decor was dated. The bathroom was atrocious for a &quot;higher&quot; end hotel. It was small and old...in major need of a face lift. The parking was terrible. The Valet parking was SOOO slow. The hotel has only a very small driveway and cars are squeezed into it. Every time you were in the lobby, you would consistently overhear people complaining about the valet parking. The self-parking was no better. It doesn't allow you in/out access. Overall, bad service and bad accomodations. Again, do yourselves a favor and stay elsewhere.	
Oct 1 2008 	OK stay at the Doubletree	My partner and I stayed at the Doubletree this past weekend for a extended weekend getaway in Montreal. We booked the room through Orbitz and got a good deal for the quality of the room and hotel. Pros: Ask for a room on an upper level floor. We had a fantastic view of Downtown, the St. Lawrence River, and Mont Royal. We spent a tad bit more for the King bed room which was very spacious. The pool, steam room, and fitness area were well maintained. We loved the location, unlike other reviews. We were actually glad we were not directly in downtown, but in the charming Plateau neighborhood with plenty of great restaurants and boutiques a block away. The hotel is connected directly to a passage way to the Sherbrooke metro stop for easy transportation to Montreal's tourist sites...And for those interested in checking out the Village, its within an easy walking distance to Rue Ste. Catherine (10 min.) along the very safe Rue Berri.Cons: The hi-speed wi-fi did not work during our entire stay despite many tries and calls to the front desk for help. Our bathroom was perhaps renovated but was small and not well-designed at all (esp. the shower). The front desk staff ranged from friendly and helpful to apathetic. And despite the convenience, don't order the room service breakfast - the eggs were powdered and runny (awful!) and the espresso cold and weak. Much better breakfast can be found nearby.	
Sep 17 2008 	Needs Updating	Good location although recommend having a car for this area. Staff was polite and helpful, valet was good little expensive .The rooms were dated and not as clean as other hotels but acceptable the washrooms were very tiny and need of a upgrading badly. Internet wi-fi service was troublesome at times and not reliable. Received a deal on Priceline and would pay that price again but would not pay rack rate for this hotel.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good hotel a bit out od downtown	The Double tree has its plus and minus points. The plus points:1. Rooms are large and the property is pretty well maintained.2. The coffee maker in the room has Lavazza coffee and the amenities in the bathroom are Neutrogena. Both pretty nice and aplenty!3. The internet is free and printing available at the lobby is free too!The minus points:1. The internet works extremely slow and is erratic and you wish you could pay for a faster connection.2. The Hotel is 2 stops from downtown Montreal (McGill and Peel) so you are a bit far away fromn the action.3. There is no fridge in the room (or atleats was not in mine!)Overall a fair enough hotel that you can trade for one which is more centrally located.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good value good hotel	I stayed here for one night. We arrived at about 1, and they were unable to give us early check-in, but they were swamped (due to the Honduran soccer team staying thereand hundreds of Honduran fans).The room was clean, view fantastic, beds comfortable (with duvets instead of awful bed spreads). Everything was as good as can be expected, particularly for $100. Good location at the top of St. Denis, easy walk to St. Laurent, right above a Metro station.There isquite a bit of street parking on the side streets - just avoid the areas reserved for local residents. This saved us $20 in parking.	
Sep 2 2008 	Excellent	This is a wonderful place. I got a king size room, on a high floor with a spectacular view of the city for just $100 on a Saturday and couldn't be happier. Everything in the room was spotless, looked and smelled new and fresh, very similat to a Marriot. Bed was comfortable, didn't see any stains anywhere, carpet included. The room was behind the elevator and still couldn't hear ANY noise. The only thing that could be a setback was, eventhough we put the heat to 75, it was kinda cold in the room, but didn't have time to deal with it, the soft and warm quilt took care of it :). There was plenty of towels and soap in the bathroom and the coffe maker came with premium Lavazza cofee!Location is also great, on the major Sheerbroke ave, just 5 min drive from Crescent street and Old Montreal, $10 by taxi, plus only one block from Saint Denis street with tens of bars and restaurants. Also, plenty of free overnight parking around the hotel.I realy can't imagine a better deal than this Dobletree in all of montreal, where even the nastiest room in a shady area will cost you at least 70 bucks. This hotel will be my only choice if I want to visit Montreal again.	
Aug 30 2008 	expecting more	Hotel was ok. I was expecting so much more. I booked an Executive room and was expecting what the Double tree hotels usually give to Executive rooms. But it seems that this hotel doesn't give those &quot;special services&quot; . Our hotel book said that our room was suppose to have robes, it did. It was suppose to have a wet bar, it didn't. It was suppose to have an in room safe, it didn't. it was suppose to have a private lounge for executive level floors, it didn't. Evening reception, no. The morning breakfast we had to call down to the front desk and ask was that included like it had said. It was, but only for the 2 adults, children would be extra. The room was large. The beds comfortable. The house keeping staff was wonderful. Room service was prompt and good. Pool was older, but kids liked it. Parking was a bit of a mess, but thanks to the excellent valets they took care of any problems. Front desk staff were helpful and pleasant.	
Aug 29 2008 	Interesting stay	I stayed at the Doubletree for two nights. The location was much better and more convienent than I had thought it would be when I booked it. It was just around the corner from the Metro stop that can take you to the eating and shopping areas in Montreal.The bathroom needed updating, but was adequate for our needs. We had a north facing room and we didn't hear a single other guest while we were in the rooms. We had two confusing occurences happen to us. The first was when our keycards became demagnetized after being in a pocket of my purse all day. According to the girl at the desk this happens when the cards come into close proximity to credit cards or a magnet. She quickly reactivated them and we were able to enter our room. The second came when our bill reflected a charge for phone calls that were made before we had checked into our room. This was also corrected quickly at check-out. Overall, a nice stay and I would stay there again if only for the close proximity to public transportation and the view.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great location 	This hotel is in a great location, directly above the metro station (this helped when it was pouring rain!). It is a few blocks from a street with many restaurants, also convenient. It is a few blocks from downton and all the sites. The location itself is on the intersection of two busy streets, so nothing romantic about that.The room was perfeclty fine, clean but again nothing so fantastic.On a night of pouring rain we ate dinner at this hotel's restaurant - I recommend you NOT do this (unless it is pouring rain!) There are not many choices and what there is is not so delicious.Now for the glitches... every night we stayed (3 nights) our room key did not work. We had to go downstairs to the lobby to get it re-activated every single day. Staff acted like this is a very common problem. Also, it was valet-only parking, and on the last day valet took 50 minutes to get our car out of the garage - and there were not many people waiting, either! Finally, they didn't give us a cookie (like most doubletrees) although later we saw others getting cookies. The latter is not really a gripe, just an observation. Key thing was quite annoying though.	
Aug 22 2008 	Excellent Stay	We stayed at this hotel for literally 12 hours as we were passing through Montreal. My fiance and I lived in Montreal for about 7 years, so we knew the location was great, and considering the good price it just couldn't be beat. We arrived late after driving, and were greeted with great and fast service. The valet parking was full, but they offered a great alternative.The room was HUGE, and we had a view of downtown/old port. It was very comfortable, and the to-go coffee cups that you could brew yourself in the morning were a nice touch. The bathroom was just so-so. In that regard, you are definitely not staying in luxury accommodations. We didn't order room service, but the menu actually looked really good and varied, so I wish we had tried it.All in all, a great hotel given the location and price. I'm not sure the value can be beat in that area.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great rooms great location great vacation!	This hotel should be rated much higher on tripadvisor. This hotel was very comfortable. Beautiful lobby, nice hallways, large guest-rooms with amazing bedding and sheets. The bathroom was just average as were the elevators and the elevator banks. The front dest staff were both friendly and helpful and had a pleasant demeanor. The location of this hotel was key! Centrally located, right across the street from the subway/metro stop, and easy as pie to find your way around the city. We walked almost everywhere from the hotel. Near great restaurants and clubs, as well as tourist sights too. Would definitely come back to this hotel. Great value, overall great stay. Recommended by me!	
Jul 29 2008	Excellent location	We had to be as close as possible to the Cegep du Vieux Montreal venue so we chose the Doubletree Plaza Hotel. We were not sure we chose a good location nor good hotel after reading the various mixed reviews here, but at least for us in the end this hotel was outstanding for both location and comfort. And since we had to be here for ten nights we had to find something reasonably priced. Staying in Vieux Montreal would cost a fortune and frankly it was too far to walk to and from the Cegep as we had time constraints. And we did not want to rely on public transportation constantly. I suppose it depends on one's personal feelings, but the Chateau L' Argoat hotel is directly across the street from the Doubletree. It's true the Chateau L' Argoat is something like what one would find in Paris, for example, as it's a converted home that's now a sort of B &amp; B. Our rate at the Doubletree actually was a bit less than the Chateau's and we got more amenities at the Doubletree.As to the hotel iself the hotel room had a bland, basic chain hotel look, the bathroom needs to be remodeled. The front desk staff ran from cold and unhelpful (some day staff) to very friendly and accomodating (evening staff). The concierge staff were all helpful however. The restaurant staff are not so good. One morning you'd get muffin with jam and butter served on the side, French toast served with maple syrup on the side, and other mornings you had to ask for them. Location-wise we were very happy with the hotel. It is located on the border of the Plateau Mont Royal and Quartier Latin districts. That means you have a ton of choices for restaurants, cafes, and bars. We loved that we could walk a few minutes and cross the Square St. Louis and onto rue Prince Arthur with its myriad of restaurants offering outdoor seating since it's summertime. Nighttime is the best with the locals and tourists out late at night eating and drinking at the outdoor tables just like they do in France. If you want to walk to Vieux Montreal it is very possible. We took about half an hour in the rain and all. And if you want to do shopping on the rue Ste. Catherine that is very possible to walk to as well. So in addition to the nice location the atmosphere couldn't have been any better.In the end, I really do not agree that the Doubletree is in a bad area at all as some reviews have said.	
Jul 6 2008 	Comfortable room great location.	I liked staying at this hotel. Of course, I have to admit, I booked it through priceline without knowing what I was getting and got a really good deal.It is a typical high-rise chain hotel. It is located at the edge of Plateau and Quartier Latin neighborhoods, right next to a subway station. Since it's in a nice residential neighborhood, there are many good restaurants and stores around. It looked like the hotel catered largely to airline crews and people coming to conferences/exhibitions. I haven't tried the ovepriced restaurant. There is a gym and a small indoor pool.My room was very spacious and had a nice view. There was a large desk and there was free Wi-Fi in the room. The only major annoyance - it was impossible to turn off the A/C. It kept blowing cold air with a loud hissing noise. The thermostat controlled only a heater by the window. I had to stick a towel in the A/C vent to be able to sleep. Also, even though the bathroom looked recently remodeled, it was done without much care for quality.But overall it was the most comfortable stay I had in a long time.	
May 27 2008 	Very accommodating	We booked 3 rooms for 2 nights this past weekend for a stay at the Doubletree Montreal. We were not disappointed. I picked this hotel mostly because of the price, I found a good deal online for the holiday weekend. The rate was comparable to many lesser rated hotels on this site. I was slightly apprehensive because of some of the other reviews, but all 5 of us enjoyed our stay. We found the staff to be very accommodating to our needs. We all enjoyed the warm chocolate chip cookies at check in. We switched 2 of the rooms after the first night, one because we decided we wanted a better view, another because we wanted 2 separate beds. The rooms that were alleged to have a single queen bed appeared to actually have a double (if you want a larger bed I would request a room with a king size). The front desk was helpful with changing the rooms and we found the second set of rooms to our satisfaction. Overall, all the rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable, bathrooms were free of mold, views of the city were nice. As noted in other reviews, the bathrooms are small (towel rack is in the shower itself). The first night I found the neighboring room was noisy (TV was very loud, people yelling), second night was very quiet. We found the location was good, 1 block to Saint Denis (latin quarter area) about 3 blocks to Prince Arthur Street area, metro stop is right next door if you don't feel like walking back after further jaunts to Vieux Montreal, etc. Our reservation did not include breakfast, although the first morning we did eat at the hotel for the buffet. We found the food was good although for about $18/person we certainly could have found food elsewhere for less money and comparable quality. Next time I would try to arrange breakfast to be included in the reservation. The parking was convenient (attached to the hotel) but also was a bit steep at $17/day. But it is nice to know your car is indoors. Also note if you decide not to use the valet service you will need cash ($12 deposit initially) for parking. Overall, I would say this is a good quality 3 star hotel (anyone looking for luxury accommodations should look elsewhere). It covers the basics and a little more very well and I would certainly consider it during my next visit to Montreal.	
May 18 2008	Not so bad......Not so great.....	This hotel is located in the Latin Quarter of Montreal. Not quite downtown in the business district, but definitely close to the great pubs and restaurants of Rue St. Denis, and right next door to the Sherbrooke Metro station which provides quick access to most places you want to be at in downtown Montreal. Got this hotel at an excellent price on Priceline (3 Star Category). Check-In was pleasant and efficient. Front desk staff were always willing to help and provide directions. No problems at all. Parking is a bit of a rip off at $16.00 a day with in and out privileges. I parked for free on the street at night although you have to be careful where to park - its tricky! Tip - For free parking at night, go 50 yards east to St. Hubert. On the west side of St. Hubert close to Sherbrooke, there is space for about 3 cars between the last driveway on St. Hubert, and Sherbrooke Street. There are other places too, however those spots were closest to the hotel and always available at night. The lobby is newly renovated and looks good, although many other areas of the hotel are still tired and worn. The elevators are dreary looking and sounding. Only the very top floors have renovated rooms. Do all you can to get one, however, unless you're paying full rate, you'll most likely get an unrenovated room. The carpet is very dull looking and the room although comfortable and very clean, has seen better days. The bathroom is horrible. Very very small, and no towel rack which I found bizarre. All towels are placed in a rack inside the bathtub. There is no counter space at all, so if you're more than one person it will be very cramped in the bathroom. There is free wireless interent, however, I noticed that availability was only intermittent and not reliable. This hotel will improve once the rooms are renovated, but for now, this is a budget hotel that should only be considered at a very deep, discounted price.	
Apr 21 2008	Average stay	I stayed at this hotel a couple of nights ago. I got it for $65 plus taxes on Priceline(3 star category). First of all, not many locals know about this hotel. It is also a bit out of the way from the financial district &amp; university area where high end hotels are located. Having said that I walked very slowly to Old Montreal in 30 minutes. It also took me 30 minutes to Holt Renfrew in high heels. Montreal is pedestrian friendly so if you like to walk then the location is not bad. Metro station is also 2 minutes away. I was able to check in at 2:30 pm. I had called the night before to confirm a non-smoking room but forgot to ask for a queen bed. I got a double bed room 1406. It had wall to wall large window facing west. The room was huge and nicely furnished. White crisp linens, lots of pillows, comfortable bed. The bathroom was a disappointment. It looked outdated, and tacky shower curtains didn't help. Still the bathroom was large(larger than Fairmont Queen Elizabeth bathrooms) and there were thick, fluffy white towels and Neutrogena toilettries. I however didn't have a good night's rest. First of all, I was having a mild skin irritation when I got in the bed. The hotel allows pets and I thought maybe that or smoke residue had something to do with my reaction. Secondly, there were large number of young people staying at the hotel. They were noisy well into 2 am. I couldn't sleep in late the next morning as there was construction going on outside. Front desk service was very efficient but they never asked how my stay was. Maybe they heard complaints about the noise the night before? The hotel is what I had paid for. I probably would not seek out this hotel the next time, but if you don't mind pet hairs and some noise, the hotel is solid.	
Apr 19 2008 	Definitely Not a 4-star	I didn't notice the hotel was under renovation. The spacious room I got was quite old and bathroom is not that clean.Beds are very comfortable.Metro sherbrooke is 2min away by walk and you can reach downtown in less than 10 min.Average price paid was 62 $ for one night.	
Apr 13 2008 	Nice stay	Similar to many other reviewers, I got a good deal on Priceline for this hotel. A last minute trip, I was quite pleased with the hotel. In regards to some of the other reviews, the hotel is now under renovation. The lobby was being renovated when I was at the hotel and some of the guest rooms had been partially updated (some new furniture, some old tvs, etc). Ordered room service my first night there-it was decent and not too terribly over-priced. Front desk was helpful with directions and the hotel in general was pretty convenient. I didn't really explore around the hotel very much, because I was busy all day, but it looked like a quieter area. It is the hotel where many of the Air Canada flight attendants and pilots were staying.	
Mar 3 2008 	Nice Location	My wife and I had a great experience at this hotel. I was a little worried after it popped up on Priceline after reading some of the reviews. I got it for $65.Located next to the Sherbrooke Metro station, and close to Rue St. Denis and Rue St. Laurent.Friendly, efficient valet. Excellent front desk staff. Fresh chocolate chip cookies upon check in.$18CA valet parking in heated garage. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 23 2008 	Acceptable....	I got this hotel for $53 on Priceline. It is not a flawless Hilton property. It is an older hotel with many signs of its former Holiday Inn days. The location is OK right next to the Sherbrooke Metro station.	
Dec 30 2007	Will stay here again.	We just got back from a trip where we stayed at this hotel for one night. We found the hotel to nice and clean. The only complaint I would have with room is some drywall above the texture wallpaper was not finished nicely. Otherwise the room was a good size and nicely furnished. My wife was bothered by people partying in the hallway and adjacent rooms during the night.For the price we paid, we found this to be a very good deal. They gave us cookies when we checked in.After I booked this on Hotwire and read some of the previous reviews of this hotel, I was worried. When we enter the room, I was pleasantly suprised.I will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and we would stay at the hotel again.	
Oct 21 2007 	Beautiful hotel.. a bit of a walk to everything	Beautiful hotel, the gym was above average, but all the clubs and bars are about 5 blocks away. Which is not as fun duriing the wintercold. The key to finding all the spots is once you step out of the place, make a right, and keep walking until you see signs of life.	
Oct 17 2007 	Avoid this hotel!	This hotel was rated a 3 star on hotwire...way too many stars. Rude front desk staff, vomit on the bedskirt, old nylons under the bed, a bathroom that I can't even describe....I am not a diva, and I do not write this review lightly. The location is okay, the room size is all right, and giving credit where it is due, the beds are quite comfy(I checked nightly to make sure they were clean). Our sheets never got changed over 4 nights. One day, we didn't get any facecloths or towels. Our glasses were rinsed under the bathroom tap and replaced. 3 of us in the room, and they would not leave us three coffee cups, only two. Room service was unbelievably horrid....ever had a daquiri rimmed with salt? Or a cosmo served in a cocktail class with a plastic spider in it(I'm assuming for halloween, but by that point, let me say I certainly didn't see the humor). I have stayed in a lot of places....this is the ugly stepsister of hilton...please find somewhere else to stay to avoid disappointment.	
Oct 9 2007 	Bad Vibes So So Location Good Size Room	I spent one night at the Doubletree Plaza (formerly Intercontinental property known as the Crowne Plaza) because I needed to be near the Latin Quarter. I also stayed at the Sheraton Le Centre (close to McGill University) and I stayed at the Hotel Gault in old Montreal.The hotel is located near the Latin Quarter and is across the street of a Metro station. Some guests told me they choose this property because of proxmity to Metro station and they prefer to stay at Hilton properties.During my stay in Montreal the weather was exceptional warm and dry. McGill is very attractive university on a small mountain.Check was okay but felt odd vibe from the check in staff. Rest of staff appeared to be efficient. My room was good size room, clean but recently was painted. The bed was comfortable and their was good size desk and television offered plenty of local and cable stations. The bathroom was a bit old looking but it was clean. The weather was moderate during my stay but I could see that the properties Heating &amp; A.C. system could be an issue (no variable controls in the room).I ate at terrible restaurant in the nearby Latin quarter that tried to add greater price to my bill - Napoli Pizzeria, stay away from there! The food was average.Also stay away from stores that have higher prices than the entertainment district, business district and old Montreal.I paid around $100.00 via the hotel website. I really did not like the area so I would not consider returning to this property plus I did not feel a good vibe staying here so I would not return. During my stay in Montreal I ate at the Hard Rock cafe (great service) and the Le Brassire chain which was okay. I even walked to Old Montreal which was not too long of walk. The location is probably the best thing about this property.In old Montreal I recommend Sport Du Vieux (casual dining), Restaurant Du Vieux Port (steakhouse with exceptional and friendly service), and Restaurant Des Gouverrid (Freinch cuisine).I would not return to this property because there are many better neighborhoods in Montreal to stay at.	
Sep 7 2007 	A place to avoid	Shabby hotel that used to be the Crowne Plaza – they did the right thing in leaving. Poor reception where we were allocated a room (one bed, smoking) that clearly didn’t meet our needs (two beds, non-smoking) – without being told. Revisiting reception (they don’t answer when you ring) we were told a variety of excuses and creative solutions (no more rooms, twin room does not mean more than one bed, it is a very large bed) we were finally allocated a room that could accommodate a party of 3. Valet parking also a mess – you have to check in first before they park the car – needless to say it’s chaos outside the hotel.Location not ideal – someway from the tourist area of Old Montreal – metro close by across the road, but still two stops and a fair walk at the end.Whilst a reasonable sized room, there was a condensation problem between the panes such that what should have been a good view was almost opaque with the sunlight on it. Facilities a little lacking with no safe and mysterious room cleaning times – 4pm on the first day and 8:30am on the day we were checking out. Pool was a catastrophe. No changing rooms – just a toilet and shower. Poolside towels had run out and the pool itself was very cold (17C/63F despite claiming 26C/79F). It was also under-filled so not clear whether it was filtering properly and therefore safe. No staff visible.Bar appeared closed at 10pm Sunday night. This was shame as it would have been nice to have a drink whilst waiting for the elevators to be repaired. I’m sure that walking up 9 floors did us more good.Overall very disappointing and the worst hotel on our holiday.	
Aug 29 2007 	Not thrilled	We stayed here August 10-13. Love Montreal and will definitely be back soon...but will not be staying at this hotel. The staff was friendly enough, but the entire hotel smelled like paint and the painters did not do the best job. The pool was freezing and cloudy.By far, the worst experience was with the shower. It took 10 minutes for the hot water to come out of the shower, and sometimes it didn't work at all. One morning I had to go downstairs and shower in the fitness center showers, which weren't all that clean.The hotel is in a good location and the restaurant/bar located a block away, Domini, is a great place to eat...but other than that, I was less than pleased with my stay.	
Aug 24 2007 	It was okay.	We stayed at the Doubletree in Montreal and had called previously and booked a room for two nights. We called for directions as we were coming from the US and got terrible directions, which caused us to get lost. When we arrived, everything seemed fine. The room was lovely. However, the thermostat did not work and it was freezing in the room. We had requested a non-smoking room. We were told there were no other rooms and then they moved us to a smoking room, which if you are a non-smoker, it is not very pleasant. Our stay in Montreal, though, was wonderful and we enjoyed the city immensely and will come back again. We will, however, be staying somewhere else.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good location good price good rooms	Contrary to several of the previous reactions, my experiences with this hotel were entirely positive. I found this hotel an excellent choice and I would most certainly stay here again when coming back to Montreal:-quiet and well-isolated room, clean and spacious with very comfortable bed-airconditining functioned very well (18 degrees all day through)-good location on Sherbrooke and Berri, next to a metro stop, close to a large selection of restaurants-very friendly and helpful service-excellent breakfast buffetI paid 129 Canadian dollars per night for a single room, booked through the hotel website.	
Aug 20 2007 	Poor Service	Me and my wife and 7 year old boy, stayed here for 4 nights in August 2007. We were in Montreal to watch the NASCAR race.It was a really hot week 35 Celcious. The air conditioning was terrible. 30 in our room. The service in the restaurant was horrible. We sat at our table for 45 minutes before we finally retreated back to our room hungry. Ordered KFC and it arrived in 15 minutes. Next night the room service was also terrible 1hour 45 minutes for wings and nachos. Could not fit my truck in the hotel parking, it's for vehicles less than 6 feet. Had to pay $20 A day for valet parking and one night my truck literally blocked the sidewalk. With some scratches.On the morning we were leaving I had to wait 2 hours to get my truck from the &quot;valet&quot; parking. Seems someone lost the keys to the vehicle in front of me which were all parked in an alley. Will never stay there again. At $230 a night I expected much more.	
Aug 15 2007 	Ok place to stay	Stayed here with my husband and 2 young boys. First thing to know is the parking is underground and the fee is $16 per day if you park it yourself, $19 per day if you use the valet, please note the parking is not the responsibility of the hotel but a seperate company. Also note that you cant fit a large SUV or truck down here, we have a Toyota Tacoma that barely fit. The hotel is nice and the rooms were comfortable, kind of warm in the room during the summer even with the AC turned all the way up, we had a great view of the city. They could probably use some renovations to the bathroom area, our toilet had a big crack in it and the ceiling looked like it was falling apart. Never saw anyone working at the conceriege desk. Hotel staff was friendly. Pool area is not the greatest but ok for a short swim. Very close to the Metro. All and all a good stay.	
Aug 11 2007 	Just Horrible	Stayed at this hotel before, but I have to say this is hotel is going downhill. No air-conditioning. I complain, and the GM who I found out after was the owner, tells me this is normal it is very hot and they are working on the situation. An employee passes by and a funny smile and a discouraged face looks at me and just shock his head. Then a funny looing man comes next to the GM and says the same story how they are working on it but all hotels with central AC are going threw the same thing! Well I told them I was checking out and he rudely looked at me and said we are better off without you! As I was leaving the hotel I saw the employee that shock his head and asked him why he did that? He looked at me in a very discouraged way and said, I've worked here for 6 years and every year its the same. The owner has to put in a new system and it would cost over 100,000$ so he just patches the problem and talks story's to the brand. I have to say i was shoked but at the same time I wasn't surprised, since the owner looked like the type to do that. Just watch the God Father and you will see some major look alike and his right hand fool next to him!Never stay here trust me!!	
Aug 8 2007 	Not a 4 star but rather a 2 star (being generous)	The Doubletree by Hilton is by far the worse star hotel I’ve ever stayed in, from the customer service to the appearance of the room. This is not a hotel the Hilton should put their signature to. We haveexperience a few incidents from this hotel and the matter should be dealt with as I am quite disturbed by the lack of professionalism from this hotel.Let me start with the Valet Parking, for a 4star hotel, there are no valet or bellboy and the door. We had to park our own vehicle and paythe valet cost, the one time we ask for Valet service, the attendant left the alley, our truck was parked in an alley where all oversized vehicle are parked, SQEALING the tires and drove rapidly onto the main busy street. He then back up into a parking sign where I repeatedly asked him to stop the truck. He did not listen and hit thesign and put a small dent in the truck. He finally stepped out of thevehicle and we pointed to him that he dented the truck; he walked away saying “it happens”. We were in a hurry, spoke briefly to the manager stating the incident and told him we would come by later in the evening to discuss the incident.Later that night we spoke to the Director of Operation, Mr. Mounir Greiss, and he mentioned to us this was not the first incident with this employee and that the matter will be resolved on Monday, once the employee came back to work. He then asked us if we were currentlyreceiving complementary breakfast with our room and we told him we weren’t. He then gave us a free breakfast and gave us an apology. I’mquite astonished that we were not compensated any more for the damaged incurred to the truck as well as the Valet parking cost. We paid for a service we did not receive since we drove it in and out ourselves. On another note, the also left the truck unlocked during the night when they moved the truck, it was mentioned and showed to the valet how to arm and disarm. We have very expensive equipment in the truck and relieved none were stolen.Now for the customer service, the biggest issue was ordering room service. When the room attendant came up and Bill opened the door he pushed the door open and walked passed Bill and asked where he would like the tray put down. It was quite embarrassing since I was in the room and lacked in the clothing area, actually, I had no clothes on and hid under the covers. Does the hotel have a policy for the attendant to ask the client to enter the room?Now other issues or concerns I would like to point out:• Maid cleaned the room but did not replenish items such as towels. We had nothing left by our last morning and had to scramble to find a main on our floor and get towels.• Called 3 times to get room service and no one answered. Even the “Careline” had to response.• We were in a non smoking room and floor and the room smelled like smoke and a wet dog. • The sheer curtains were brown of cigarette smoke and had cigarette burns.• I understand that the hotel wants to be pet friendly however the hotel should have a floor designated for pets only. This is concern for people who have severe allergies and asthma. For hygiene purposes, some pets have fleas and if you allow the dogs to sleep in every room, it will be harder to maintain and actually I’m quite grossed out at the thought of sleeping in a bed or walking on the floor thinking a dog may have done his business there.	
Aug 6 2007 	Quiet room comfortable bed	I had booked a room for 7 nights. Upon arrival, I was given a room on the 19th floor. Once I got there, I found that no matter what I tried to adjust the air conditioning thermostat, it wouldn't work. The room was stuffy and very warm. Obviously, the air conditioning wasn't working. I immediately called front desk and they sent a repairman to fix the problem, but unfortunately, it couldn't be fixed, so they offered to give me a different room. The staff was very helpful in changing me to another room. I was then given a corner room with two windows on the 11th floor with better air conditioning and a beautiful view. The room had two regular size beds which were very comfortable, lots of fluffly pillows, the shower worked great, although the counter space is very limited. I had a nice desk with a CD player, a good sized TV to the right of both beds. The maids came in daily to clean the room, the bathroom and replace toiletries, although they didn't replace the toilet paper much. However, on my way out in the mornings, I usually saw a maid working and asked her for the toilet paper and she was very friendly and helpful with whatever I needed in the room.I found the restaurant a bit pricy but that is the norm for hotels restaurants, which didn't surprise me, so I usually ate on one of the many inexpensive places on Rue St. Dennis, or had breakfast on a little pastry shop around the corner from the hotel inside the metro station.The hotel is located on a hill, so if you walk to the restaurants on Rue St. Dennis, it can get tiring if you're not used to walking much. The metro station is right next to the hotel, and there is also a bus stop right around the corner.Overall, the staff was always very helpful, and they spoke both english and french. The only thing that I didn't like was the fact that the air conditioning didn't work very well. The lobby and the restaurant were always warm and although I got a cooler room than I originally had, the air conditioning was on the warm side and some nights I woke up sweating during the night.	
Jul 30 2007 	Filthy room - packing up 4 days early!	So I arrive at ten at night with two small children. Tired, stressed, wanting somewhere nice to lay my head. I had booked this hotel for five days. Imagine my disgust at the hairs in the bathroom sink, floor, tub and the used cotton bud in the middle of the floor in our room. I believe you get what you pay for - and I would have expected to pay half the amount for this standard. We are on the 14 floor and can hear traffic like it's next door. Everything looks cheap too, except for the reception area. Don't stay here if your standards of hygeine are high	
Jul 24 2007 	Another great location in Montreal	We usually stay in the main part of downtown, so it was nice to check out a different area. We had a great time, St Denis street is a very short walk away (Just For Laughs Festival was on). 3 Amigos is a great restaurant - good food at good prices.Our room had a great view and we have no problems to report ... we would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 24 2007 	Executive vs Standard rooms	This is my 2nd stay in this hotel in 3 months. This time I had booked an executive room (21st floor) for an entire week and stayed with my partner.Basically, unless you need the &quot;free Internet&quot; in your room and plan on having breakfast (ideally for 2) everyday, the executive room is not worth it. Mine was actually smaller than the standard room in which I stayed the 1st time on the 16th floor. As a Hilton Honors member (Silver) I did not get a corner room (which are the ones that are bigger for the same price). That being said, that small &quot;executive room&quot; was ideal to watch the fireworks competition from the hotel and offered a view on the Olympic stadium.To put things in perspective, you get what you pay for. This hotel is little tired and has some issues with air cond., plumbing, and repairs here and there. But for the price it is an excellent value. The views are great because of its location on Sherbrooke St and the beds just fantastic!	
Jul 16 2007 	Mmmm Chocolate	Went to Montreal for the Just for Laughs festival, and the Doubletree had the best location (right around the corner from the festival site) and the best price I could find ($125.00 a night for a Fri-Sat stay)I saw a few megative remarks here about the hotel, but I decided to give this place a try anyway. Check in was great, we showed up early (noon) and asked if we could check in early, it wasn't a problem, the girl was very friendly and best of all gave us the famous doubletree chocolate chip cookies!!!I didn't expect much from the room, as when I had stayed at the Doubletree in New Orleans, the room had been very standard, so I was very pleasantly surprised at the size of the room, and the great view (we were on the 17th floor).The beds were incredible, and reminded me of the perfect sleeper beds at the Hyatt. The only problem I had during our stay was that the air conditioning didnt seem to work (was not a problem as the window had a small opening at the bottom that opened to provide an incredible breeze) as well once we notified the front desk they offered to move us or send up a fan, we chose the fan and it was perfect.	
Jul 11 2007 	Location vs Dirty carpet	This hotel was the weirdest mix of extremely positive qualities with some pretty unsavory ones, but I ultimately have to conclude that the good outweighted the bad. For some reason, we were put on the &quot;executive&quot; floor, which was amazing and unexpected (but may have had something to do with the person who booked the room being a Hilton Honors member). Shortly after arriving, a staff member knocked on our door with a plate of chocolate candies and raspberry sauce, compliments of the hotel. I had never encountered such a thing, and I'll be darned if I wasn't starting to plan my 5-star review that I'd later be writing on TripAdvisor. Unfortunately, that did not distract me from the fact that the carpet hadn't been vacuumed, and wasn't during the entire 3-day stay. To top it off, the air conditioner was defective and could not be fixed, meaning we had to open the windows for any hint of fresh air. That being said, though, the location was phenomenal and it's so close to the Metro, we didn't take the car out the entire time. I can see how my experience might have been colored by having some of the perks of the Hilton Honors program-- amazing room, free internet, unexpected chocolate-- and without these, I might not have been as satisfied. I am hesitantly recommending this hotel (I mean, the location can't be beat, and the staff is tremendous), but I would also suggest that you check all your options before seeing the &quot;Doubletree&quot; name and instantly being impressed.	
Jun 30 2007	Good solid hotel	I am a Diamond Hilton Honors Member so that may reflect the positive stay I had given so many of the negative reviews on here. I was given a great suite with a fantastic view of the city. the room was clean and spacious. Breakfast was good and the service was great. The hotel lobby and general areas seemed clean and well maintained. Overall a good experience.	
Jun 19 2007 	Not recommended	I stayed for business 15 nights in this hotel.Except the cookies upon arrival, this hotel is not a Double Tree quality hotel.1- Parking is very small with a lot of mess inside. Please do not let the valet to park your car. Mine was scratched. I told the valet and his answer was that he did nothing. He told me that I probably scratched it....2- Restaurant: on the hotel card, it's written that the restaurant closes at 10.30 p.m. WRONG!! I arrived twice at 9.30 p.m. and the waiter told me that the kitchen closes at 10.00 p.m. After arguing that the hotel says 10.30p.m., he offered me to have a sandwich.....3- Room Service: I ordered everyday a breakfast at 7.00 a.m. from room service. Except the 3 first mornings when they served at time, the other mornings, or they arrived at 7.30 or 7.45 a.m. or never.It's the same for room service by night, many times I called them but nobody answered. I had to call reception and complaint to get something.4- Rooms are quite clean even if the bathtub ant toilets are not really clean and are old.I would not recommend this hotel. Next time I come back to Montreal, i will choose another one.	
Jun 3 2007 	Horrible stay!	I would not recommend anyone to stay at doubletree..I read the positive comments and it was reasonable priced so I booked the hotel for a weekend getaway with my husband. When we arrived the room was not ready..and we were over an hour late to check-in and the room was still not ready. The staff were not helpful we sat at the lounge area for another hour until our was ready. The towels in the bathroom looked dirty and had hair on it, the showerhead had no pressure. The location was not great it a long walk to saint catherine and it is near the village not anywhere near the shopping district. All an all an average hotel with horribe service.	
Jun 2 2007	Exceeds Expectations	Amazing Service! My husband and I have been the victims of rude service at several hotels in South Florida, where we live. That is why we are so appreciative of the Doubletree in Montreal. The price was very cheap (we did it through their rate called the 21 daysaver). We recieved fresh hot cookies at check-in and a hand written note in our from the lady who booked our stay. The room was fantastic with a lot of space and 2 floor to ceiling mirrors on 2 of our walls. When we had to book an additional nights stay at the last minute, they graciously gave us the same rate we got for our advance purchace. I highly recommend the doubletree to anyone staying in Montreal. Especially if you enjoy walking...it is within walking distance of everything and the subway is connected to the hotel and super convenient.	
May 31 2007 	We loved the Doubletree	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Doubletree in Montreal from May 18-21, 2007. I read the reviews of the hotel before we booked our stayed, and noticed some of the reviews were a bit negative, but decided to try it anyway. We were glad we did. The rooms were very nice, not elegant or fancy, more on the plainly decorated side, but very comfy. The bed was terrific! Very comfortable with a down duvet. Reminded us of home. The room was quiet and had an unbelievable view of downtown Montreal and the surrounding areas. We had dinner the first night in the hotel and it was a bit pricey, but the food and the service were excellent. I noticed some of the reviews mentioned the parking lot being unsafe or dirty, etc. I must say that if you have ever parked in an underground parking garage in the city, that they are all the same. I didn't think it was bad at all, and not something I would have thought twice about, let alone write about it in a review of the hotel. You park your car, get on the elevator, which takes you directly into the lobby, and you don't see it again until you leave. Not a big deal at all and definitely not something that should be a deciding factor of whether or not you stay at this hotel. I would think all parking garages are the same. When touring the city of Montreal, don't drive, take the Metro! It was so easy to use and will get you anywhere in the city in a matter of minutes. It's clean and safe and much better than driving and parking. The metro is the way to go!	
May 30 2007 	Bed bugs galore...	There were a number of problems with our stay:1) at the time of reservation my credit card was charged the full and incorrect amount, although the rate required only 1 night deposit.2) I reserved a king size room and was willing to pay more for that, however, upon arrival we were given a lousy queen room with none of the services offered for the executive king rate, and we had to pay as if we stayed in the executive king room.3)The room was ok, but the bathroom was badly maintained - the fixtures looked old and worn off, there was hair in the towels and in the tub.4) There were a number of hotels in the area we could have booked, but having a 13-month old, we wanted to have an indoor pool, hence the choice went to the Doubletree hotel in Montreal. What a major disappointment that was. The pool looked nothing like the picture on the hotel's website. the lighting was dim, the ceiling had big chunks of paint peeling off and bubbling and falling into the pool. There was water everywhere. The water in the pool was extremely cold, so we couldn't even let the baby go into it. The mirrors were cracked. The towels in the pool area were too small even for a toddler, they looked like hand towels. What a horrible sight and a complete waste of money.5) and last but not least - BED BUGS. Everyone in our party: 4 adults and 1 child included (my parents booked a different room that was located 2 floors below us), got bite marks all over our bodies. We were itching and scratching our entire stay. You can expect something like that during the 18th century but in the 21st century? What a major disappointment! This is my second stay at the Doubletree hotels and trust me, I am not going back there. I usually trust the Hilton brands, but after this trip, I am seriously reconsidering ever staying at any of the Hilton properties in the future. IF it wasn't for the beautiful scenery, our trip would have been completely ruined because of the hotel conditions.	
May 29 2007 	A big diappointment!	We just came back after staying at this hotel for 3 nights and I was so diappointed. Not only the location isn't good the service was lacking. For those who want to do a lot of the usual tourist sight seeing activities this is not a good location and a transit strike doesn't help no matter how close the station is to the hotel! The only thing that it is close to is the Latin quarter and some nice shopping and restaurants/cafes on/around St. Denis. Other 3 star hotels like Hyatt and Delta Montreal have much better location that is closer to old montreal, St. Catherine and underground shopping and also have nicer amanities in a nicer neighborhood. Three days before arrival we made request for a non-smoking corner room with a king size bed on a higher floor. When we arrived we got a room &quot;next to&quot; a corner room and two double beds on 10th floor. They only met one of our requests of non smoking room. The front desk said she would change room for us as soon as a room with a queen or king size bed became available and we heard nothing from the front desk for the entire stay and we didn't bother because we're fearing we would get a worse room.  The room looked old and if it was renovated it was done many years ago. The decor looked very early 90's. Immediately upon arrival we had a problem with the plumbing. The toilet didn't flush. We called front desk and was told they would send someone to get it fixed &quot;right away&quot; or they would switch us to another room if it can't be fixed. We waited for a good 30 minutes and no one showed up. Hubby was starving and didn't want to wait and we took off. By the time we came back it was fixed but it still looked very scary and more of the same plumbing problem occurred the next couple days. If more than 1 oz of water was dumped into the toilet it won't flush or it took 30~40 minutes to go down. It was really frustrating having to deal with this plumbing problem during our entire stay. There're times we had to go down to the mezzanine floor to use the restrooms because the maintenace personnel was taking too long to get to us (probably busy fixing plumbing problems in other rooms or delivering towels to other rooms).  The next day we came back from our outing we found our bed made up and the housekeeper left a note thanking us for the tips but when I walk into the bathroom there was not a single towel in sight. The toilet paper was untouched, no triangle or anything to indicate anything had been done and there's only 1/10 of roll left and no extra roll was left. We called housekeeping but there's no answer and eventually it was routed to front desk and the poor maintenance guy who fixed our toilet the day before showed up with towels and toilet paper. The third day we're left with no tissue paper and I just made do without it since I was so tired of calling to get problems corrected. I was thinking to myself the previous review wasn't kidding and it probably happened more frequently than it was mentioned. In all my travel I hadn't yet encountered this even in a motel. The hotel can't be rated 3 stars. Both the hardware and service is just way below standard.  After the first night there I found a faint small coffee stain on the sheet at the bottom corner so I placed the card requesting the sheet be changed. The same coffee stain was there when I returned. The same housekeeper that took our tips without leaving any towels just made up the bed and did not bother to change the sheet. The next day I placed the card right next to the coffee stain and the sheet was finally changed. If there's any stain how do I know a bed sheet was changed? Was it ever changed from the prevous stay? The thought grossed me out.  Parking is $18.80 per day after taxes and the rate is the same whether it's self parking or valet parking. They seemed to be short-staffed and always encouraged guests to get the car themselves. Each time you get your car you have to go to the front desk to get your ticket validated if you want to get your car yourself. This is not convenient since there's usually not more than 2 people at the desk and you could wait a while before getting the ticket validated. The previous review said the garage has a low ceiling and boy, it's really low. The parking spaces were a bit tight but not as bad as some of the other hotels in Montreal. We didn't find any junk on the S1/S2 levels or any dog but the garage looks like it could collapse anytime and there's no sign to indicate which way to exit. This whole parking situation is inconvenient and confusing.  Upon checking out a mysterious charge of $193 showed up on our bill and the description was in French which I had no idea what it was. BTW all the other Montreal hotels I had stayed in all took note that we're English speaking and presented everything in English or in both languages. When I inquired about this charge the front desk personnel quickly told me it was a mistake and presented me with a new bills with correct charge. As far as the front desk personnel goes I think they're efficient enough but the service suffered becuase they were short handed. Overall I would avoid this hotel at all cost. It's not cheaper than any other 3 star hotels in Montreal but you get a lot less for your money. I could understand a little plumbing problem because of the age of the building but when it's a service issue there's no excuse. There are a lot more hotels in Montreal that are in better locations and provides much nicer services for the same amount of money. No amount of warm cookies could make up for the bad services and the bad locations!	
May 15 2007 	Good Decent Hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in Doubletree Montreal on Rue de Sherbrooke - it was ideally placed - right next door to the Sherbrooke Metro whichwas so handy to everywhere. The hotel check (at 9pm) was seamless andstraightforward. We had booked a non smoking room and our room had the smell of stale smoke - we were offered an alternative room straight away - which when we looked at it wasnt as good as the smoky room so staff came up straight away with air freshener to sort the room out.The room was big - TV, iron &amp; board, hairdyer, neutrogena products, robes, good powerful shower, radios that could plug in an ipod and broadband if required.The bed was huge and really comfy.Great view from our 22nd floor.Breakfast was included and it was great a good hot and cold selection. Staff were ever so polite ensuring you were called by name.The best bit - the signature Doubletree cookies - when we asked we were given a second one! Worth it for the cookies alone - warm with the chocolate chips just starting to melt - mmmmmmmmm - l want one now!	
Apr 30 2007	WOW	Never been to Canada and came to visit schools for my son. I was so happy we stayed at this hotel. Some of my collegues mentioned this hotel was reasonable in rates compared to a lot of hotels in Montreal, and they were right. My room was awesome and the bed I could have took it home with me. The staff was really nice and the hotel was full of people, so I guess the word was getting around. When my son comes up to Montreal, I will always stay in this hotel!Very happy Alabama	
Apr 19 2007 	Loved the Doubletree	I stayed for a convention and was spectacle on the the quality of the hotel since we usually do meetings in 5 star properties, but was surprised in the quality of the hotel. My bedroom was magnificent and was huge. I asked other colleagues and they were also amazed to see the size of the bedrooms. Beautiful white duvet covers and full of pillows. The mattress were amazing better than the one I have at home and I paid a lot for it! The only downfall was the heat in the bedrooms it was rather warm and I just could not get the heat to go down. I called and they came to fix it but it still was rather warm. Other than that I truly enjoyed my stay and it was a great 4 nights at this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone travelling to Montreal.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Doubletree	Booked this hotel because it fit my perdium and I have to admit I am rather picky! There were at least 100 restaurant kitty corner to the hotel and I was so happy to eat well during my 3 days in Montreal. The rooms were great and I was really looking forward to a great night sleep. The only complaint I could say is the pool was cold when I tried on my last day, and the hotel was really packed which made it a bit long for the elevators.I would recommed this hotel to anyone who wants to do more than just staying in the hotel, even if the hotel rooms were great, there is so much to do around.James	
Apr 4 2007 	Loved the Doubletree	Had a great time at the hotel staff was so nice, and the hotel rooms were great. I love the bed didn't want to leave it was so confortable. THe only problem we had is we found that we always had to wait for the valet. There was only one valet and even a man from the front desk came to help but it wasn't enough. They really need to put more staff. The parking was confusing, and they made us pay again when we left because they said they had no arrangements with the hotel. So why did the hotel makes us pay? They need to get themselves organized. Please note that they have lots of crap, old chairs, carpet tables and so on in the garage S1 &amp; S2. I'm assuming they will get this garbage out ASAP because it really does not look good.Althought this inconvience I really enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again if they get more staff and the parking in order.	
Apr 2 2007 	Double tree or bust		
Feb 7 2007	Amazed		
Jan 28 2007 	Don't stay there		
Jan 18 2007 	Towels Toilet Paper and Tissues		
Dec 11 2006 	I loved the hotel		
Dec 6 2006 	Excellent !!!		
Dec 6 2006	Wonderful		
Nov 9 2006 	Doubletree did the job		
Sep 21 2006 	Renovations done Hotel quite nice		
Jul 9 2006	A new name for the hotel and it is renovated		
Mar 2 2009 	Bien situé.		
Sep 5 2008 	Superbe vue!		
Aug 12 2008 	Bon emplacement chambres confortables		
Apr 20 2008	Uno de mis 3 favoritos		
