Nov 16 2009 	good value 	we stayed in 2 rooms for 2 nights on a weekend in november 2009.the restaurant was very good - excellent buffet for breakfast with everything you can imagine, inlcuding a hot omeltte bar. kids eat free if an adult eats as well. the service was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary.the halls and elevators are a little tired, but the rooms are great, nicely decorated, spacious, huge bathroom. the lobby is unuusal, very pretty, with coi fish swimming around.the pool area was nice, nothing fancy, but useful.on sunday morning it was closed for a while.when it re-opened, we went swimming ... my son cut his foot quite badly on BROKEN GLASS. when i reported this to the front desk, they expressed surprise, said they would send someone to look into it, but didnt offer to compensate us in any way.the spa is a bit outdated, but i had a great massage and it was very affordable - $53 for 45 minutes.the halls were pretty noisy at night. if you are a light sleeper, this might be trouble.	
Oct 8 2009 	You get what you pay for...	Great location and friendly staff. Very loud at night, fire station across the street- if you are a light sleeper, it might not be the hotel for you. Also, Holiday Inn should update the interior of the guest rooms and hallways. Breakfast was mediocre, typical hotel buffet. If you are looking for somewhere to leave your bags and sleep, this is the place!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Scarlet frankly they don't give a damn	This was my third stay at this hotel. I noticed how tired the decor was looking, particularly in the halls, rooms are a little better but not much.We stayed in this hotel the weekend of Oct 3/4 2009 and had our car broken into in the garage and several items stolen, (nothing of consequential value unless added together, cell phones, CD collection, etc) Hotel management's response? &quot;Really well that's weird cause we haven't had any other reports&quot;. I know for a fact that the items missing from the car were purchased from a shopping mall PRIOR to our arrival at the hotel. We arrived around 5pm, parked the car, LOCKED the car (we checked before walking away, the car honked AND the blue light was still flashing at us the next morning) ... it wasn't until we'd driven away that I began to notice items missing. It wasn't until we'd arrived back home that we noticed the items missing out of our trunk.  DESPITE PROMISES THAT THE HEAD OF SECURITY WOULD BE CALLING TODAY WE'VE HEARD NOTHING, NADA, ZERO, ZILCH, ZIP FROM THE HOTEL MANAGEMENT I realize they have no liability for the items stolen but they damned sure have a liability for their guests' safety. Certainly not looking to have my items replaced ... not at all, BUT..... NEVER EVER AGAIN and not cause we got robbed, what the punks got is of little consequence in the grander scheme of things. Nope, we'll never go back simply because the hotel doesn't have the BRAINS to call and say &quot;SORRY ABOUT THAT&quot; and gee maybe we should review our security policy. There is a street level entrance that is unattended and left UNLOCKED all night long (we went in that way after returning from dinner on Saturday night, around 1:00 am). So, yes the street people have complete access to the ENTIRE hotel all night long.	
Sep 30 2009 	This hotel is very good. Would go back!	I stayed in this hotel from Sep 18-21. It is ideally located in the heart of Chinatown and just 2-3 blocks from Old Montreal. In front of the hotel you will find a big subway station (Place D´Armes) and sort of a shopping complex.I arrived from Toronto at 7:30am and my room was ready. That was a big plus.Blvd René Levesque is just 2 blocks away and Ste. Catherine Street is just 3 blocks, just the center of all the shopping and nightlife in Montreal.My room was very well appointed, contrary to previous reviews of the rooms being run down. It was very clean, comfortable, A/C worked perfectly and lots of hot water in the shower. I was very pleased with the free wi-fi, which was fast enough. However, breakfast is a solid $20 plus tax, something outregaous for a first day meal. I enjoyed walking around and going to Tim Hortons for breakfast in the mall adjacent to the subway station.If you stay in this hotel you will be pleased with everything the city has to offer, just in the footstep of the hotel´s door. Cab to the airport is CAD$40.If you need any more info, feel free to contact me.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Location	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We arrived early morning by train from Quebec City and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready and we did not have to worry about storing out luggage.This hotel is in a prime location for a number of major attractions: * China town * Notre Dame Basilica * Old Montreal * I don't know what it is called but a fountain a short distance away turns into an amazing scene starting at 10 to the hour from 7 PM to 11 PM. At 10 to the hour steam starts coming out of the fountain and surrounding moat and the area becomes covered in a cloud of moisture. Exactly at the top of the hour flames come out of the water surrounding the fountain and the spray from the fountain seems to increase. The flames are not small and the whole experiance is quite amazing. The show goes on for 5 - 10 minutes at which time everything abruptly stops and returns to a normal fountain.It is definitely worth seeing and something we would not have known about if we had not taken a city tour.We were very happy with our stay at this hotel - however I would have to say that we were disappointed with the tour assistance by the tour desk. The people working there were definitely not very helpful but we managed on our own.	
Sep 21 2009 	This hotel exceeded our expectations.	Three of us stayed in two rooms for one week. There is not one thing to complain about. The hotel was updated and very nice. We were on the floor with the exercise room and pool. It was a calm, quiet week. The lobby and bar area were relaxing. The rooms were clean and tended. Our bill was settled easily and accurately. The location is excellent. The hotel is across the street from the convention center, the metro, and Chinatown. The hotel restaurant is an up-scale one, but nearby restaurants abound as well. It is within walking distance to the downtown and harbor and so close to the metro that we could conveniently go to a wide range of Montreal attractions with an inexpensive metro pass. There are usually taxi's at the front door, as well.We would stay there again anytime at the great price we got via Trip Advisor. Wireless internet was included in our room charge. That is sweet..	
Sep 6 2009 	Basic hotel... AWESOME location.	Arrived at this location early and they were able to get me into a room right away. I booked through priceline and was put into a basic queen room. The hotel is a bit dated, however, it was clean. The staff were friendly and willing to help. The one thing this hotel really has going for it is the location. It is located within minutes of old montreal. If you are looking for a basic hotel close to the touristy area, then this is it. However, I would recommend that the managment consider upgrading the decor.Free wifi in rooms, but dont count on it working.	
Sep 4 2009 	Will not do it again	It’s in the middle of the city in China Town less than 10 minutes walking from most of the city attractions. But the hotel is very very old. It needs a lot of renovations and decorations. You feel that the floor colour had changed from the numbers of people whom have already walked through. Even most of the equipment inside is really old. Plus its designed upon Chinese style so you have to be a Chinese fan to like staying there.Pros:Location Cons:Rooms are old and give you the feeling of being not clean.Hotel/equipment is old.Some of the stuff is not to the Holiday Inn level.	
Sep 1 2009 	Location Great; Hotel Old	Honestly the location was idea, but the hotel itself has seen better days. Easy to get around and walk all over from where it is situated. The room was old, dark, &amp; a bit musty. The free wireless internet barely worked. The gym looks like something out of an 80's workout video, but the pool was clean and usable. We didn't eat in the restaurant and the lobby with pagoda &amp; water features was sort of funny.	
Aug 25 2009 	A little tired but acceptable.	Decided to book a last minute getaway with my spouse for a Friday night in Montreal. I used Priceline and paid $90.00 all included for a room at this hotel. I probably wouldn't have booked here given the choice, but I knew we'd only use the room for a place to sleep. The hotel is pretty old and is looking a little tattered around the edges. Despite that, the room was clean and comfortable although ours smelled a little funky. Housekeeping had forgotten to remove a bottle of fabric deodorizer and a voporizer machine from the room before we arrived. I decided to unplug the machine, not wanting to breathe whatever chemicals it was spewing into the air, only to have the room smell musty by the end of the evening. As it turned out someone had left a window open during a rainstorm and the carpet beneath the window was soaking wet. The hotel should have vacuumed up the carpet and installed a proper dehumidifier and industrial fans to dry out the room rather than try to mask the odor. Aside from that, this place is in a great location, right in the heart of Chinatown and a couple of blocks from Notre Dame Cathedral and the cobblestone streets of Old Montreal. For the sports-minded traveller, the bike path that runs for miles along the Lachine canal is a short 500 meter jog from the hotel. Free wi-fi in the rooms.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good hotel in the heart of Montreal near Vieux-Montreal	15 minutes walking distance from Vieux-Montreal, this hotel lies directly in Chinatown district. The hotel is comfortable, the rooms offer plenty of space (only double beds in family rooms) and are very clean. Nevertheless, the hotel needs some interior renovation. Please make sure to reserve guaranteed space in the underground parking lot which unfortunately is with costs. Noise level from near road is acceptable.	
Aug 21 2009 	Adequate Conference hotel but in need of a refurbishment	This hotel was perfectly fine. I stayed here for 5-nights while I attended a conference across the street at the Palais. The convention rate was nearly 200 dollars a night including tax. I paid less than 100 dollars a night, as I purchased on a pre-buy deal, from a website called 1800hotels. While well-worth it in the 100 dollar range, it was incredibly over-priced at 200 dollars.The rooms were fine, but I think this hotel is in need of a major refurbishment. The TVs are outdated and they had very few channels. While I requested a fridge, it never turned up and by the time I called again, they had run out. For some reason, there were only 4 hangers in the closet and the towel delivery was hit and miss. Some of my conference colleagues complained of similar problems. It was a little shabby.The lobby area was very pretty. I didn’t try the restaurant due to previous reviews. The gym was okay but cramped. The guest washer and dryers worked fine and only cost $1.75 for a load. Good shower, clean with comfortable beds.It is a lovely location, especially if you love Chinese food like I do. It was an adequate hotel for my needs, but not very sexy.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location	The Holiday Inn Select is just around the corner from Chinatown, next to the Palais des Congres, and near the Old Town. There was lots to see and do within walking distance.The room was fine, the beds were comfortable, the lobby has a kind of cool fish pond, and the breakfast buffet was okay for a breakfast buffet. The parking garage is pretty seriously creepy. We were very happy with our hotel choice.	
Aug 4 2009 	Think twice	This hotel is very close to the downtown, BUT it is very old, it smells badly and most certanly is not worth the price . you would be better off booking a bit cheeper or bit more expensive hotel. The parking and elevators are also in terible condition. Think twice before booking this hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	So-So Property Good Value GREAT Location	This is a hotel that is looking a bit run down at the heels, but is acceptably clean. The location, however, is superb—a very short walk from Old Montreal, Notre Dame Basilica, Cirque de Soleil, restaurants, etc. We began our stay at Le Phillips Square—overpriced and poor location—then moved to this hotel; it's half the money and twice the location.	
Jul 14 2009 	Montreal nothing special H I Express nice.	Good location, good service, good servise, good breakfast, good deal.This hotel is located in China Town, and close to Old Montreal. I would definitely stay there again, if I ever have to go to Montreal.	
Jul 12 2009	Nice Hotel for the money....GREAT LOCATION!	When we checked in we were given a room that had problems with the air conditioning...and the beds in that room did not look near as nice as the room where we were transferred to...which had much better air conditioning!...needed in late June.THE LOCATION OF THIS HOTEL WAS IDEAL...Blocks away from the Old City...right across the street from the Metro station...and the a BIXI stand....you can rent bikes for $5 a day and drop them off ALL OVER MONTREAL....and then pick up another bike at the same or different stand ...ALL DAY LONG...$5!!....The Holiday Inn was in Chinatown....and it was only about 3 blocks from Notre Dame Cathedral....the LOCATION WAS GREAT!People who worked there were friendly.....the People in Montreal were friendly...did not have a bad meal or food the entire time..I recommend the jardin botanique and just walking around Vieux Montreal....Cirque Du Soleil and the Port was not far away either....	
Jun 30 2009 	The hotel was in the perfect location for us.	It is on the edge of Chinatown and 3 blocks away from Old Montreal. We had a great time walking and walking in Old Montreal. We went to Chinatown, and I had my name written on a stamp by a calligraphy artist so that I can stamp my artwork like Chinese artists do. At the flea market in Chinatown we picked up an umbrella and a sun hat for a few dollars. I did not care that much for the food and prices in the hotel's restaurant. However, sometimes we called room service and shared meals. The quality of the room service food was good. In fact it looked nicer and more generous than what we saw in the restaurant. I would stay there again. The staff was helpful when my wallet was stolen.	
Jun 29 2009 	Never. Again.	My family and I stayed at this property for two nights over March Break. Pluses: The rooms and public areas were outdated, but clean enough. Great location (in Chinatown, right next to the old city, next to a subway station), decent breakfast buffet if you have it included in our room rate as we did. That's about as much good as I can say about this place.Minuses: Where do I start? We ordered a PPV movie for the kids one evening and the picture quality was terrible and totally unwatchable. Notified the front desk and we were assured they would reverse the charge. At checkout, the charge was still there. Very defensive front clerk amended the bill and removed the charges, but GET THIS: they added the charge to my Amex two days later! I am still trying to resolve this through central guest relations.Other minuses...there was black scunge on the bubbles when the whirlpool was activated- total public health violation. Did not receive our breakfast vouchers at check in (though they did correct this), and after we checked out and tried to exit the parking garage, the machine at the exit would not read our tickets, resulting in over 10 cars being trapped and backed up underground. Pressing the help button did nothing, it was only when the angry driver in front of me marched up to the front desk did they release the arm.I will never, EVER stay at this property again, and possibly not another in the entire chain depending on how they resolve my issue with the billing of the movies. Wish I'd listened to the negative reviews before hand- buyer definitely beware!	
Jun 10 2009 	overrated for the value	Lobby is on 2nd floor, pictures on website is overrated.The minute you walk-in and all throughout the hallway and room the stench is of a cheap and dirty restaurant. You know right away you overpayed per night booking. Do not stay here even it is 100$/night.	
May 21 2009 	Really nothing special	I was supposed to stay for 5 nights but I decided to go to the Holiday Inn Midtown instead for the rest of my stay.The reason I changed hotel was mainly because I am concerned about the environment and it looked like this hotel isn't doing much effort for that.They have huge ventilation noisy as hell in every corridor. Is it really necessary in May??The temperature outside was never above 20... The AC inside the room was very noisy too and unneeded but impossible to stop.The breakfast was ok. Or pretty good I should say.There is a parking underground. Around 16$.I went away because for some reason I didn't like the atmosphere. Maybe I got fooled by the SELECT term. To me i sounded like it would be better than a typical HI. But it actually means that there is something special about it. And here it was a Chinese Theme HI.The hotel is at the entrance of Chinatown.The location is good. In between the old town and the busy street of St-Catherine. There is a metro station nearby.	
May 13 2009 	Recommended	We stayed here for 4 nights, and although as others have said, &quot;a bit dated&quot;, we found it to be good value. All staff were helpful and polite. A problem with breakfast vouchers was resolved with out any fuss at all. The concierge was very helpful and extremely polite, a rareity in some more expensive hotels.This is the second time we have stayed here and would again.	
Apr 26 2009 	great time	This is a great hotel for location and many other reasons.. It is close to the Palais de Cobgres and Old Montreal. Also not far from the downtown area. Great staff great rooms Try to get the top floor. Great buffet breakfast.. Pierre the congiere is amazing..All the staff are so freindly and will do anything for you... Get a good price and you will love it.. We have been there 8 times..	
Feb 16 2009 	Nothing special	I booked this hotel using hotwire and paid $56USD/night. It was definitely light on the pocketbook, but I wish I had paid double in order to stay at a nicer hotel. The rooms themselves are not horrible. Just not as nice as I would have liked. They are dated, but do have a nice big bathroom.Location - it's in a no-man's land - in between old montreal and st. catherine street. Would have been better to be within one of those areas as opposed to between them. It is near the chinatown but it's a pretty small chinatown. Pool area - gross and really dated. There is a ladder to go into the hot tub which does not seem safe at all.	
Jan 5 2009 	Clean witha Great location	Stayed at the holiday Inn between x-mas and new years.Location was great.Walk to old montreal and st catherine shopping, walk to subway and under ground pathways.Rooms where big and clean.The pool and the hot tube were the only down side and just because we were stuck inside one day due to freezing rain.Would stay again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Dated but presentable	The hotel is decorated in Chinese style, although the decor itself is dated. This is clearly an older property. Well, you can say it's a unique style for a Holiday Inn anyway. Dusty reproduction Chinese vases from the 1980's lurk in dimly-lit alcoves everywhere. My only complaint is that the light by the bed was switched from beside the front door, and shared a circuit with the front door ceiling light. You needed the switch on (and the ceiling light on) to control the bedside light, Switching off the ceiling light caused the bedside lamp to be inoperable too. And the bathroom light switch was behind the bathroom door. Strange. Indoor parking was nice in the winter, and easy to use- simply stop by the front desk on your way out to get the card from the machine validated. Access to and from Highway 10 was easy.I ate in the restaurant once. It was not great, you could do better elsewhere. Food was a little salty and oily. Maybe 2/5 stars. There was some noise transmission through the wall from the next room, and faint mechanical noises emanated from somewhere overhead. But I had quiet neighbours so all in all it was a quiet stay. I'm not wild about this property, but overall it was inoffensive with no really glaring issues, so I suppose that I'd stay here again. Certainly wouldn't go out of my way for it though.	
Sep 29 2008 	Very Bad Value - Stuck in 1987	From staying in Montreal at &quot;2 star&quot; and &quot;3 star&quot; hotels on 3 seperate occasions, I have come to the conclusion that a decent hotel room in this city is just too much to ask for. My most recent experience was at the Centreville Holiday Inn and I will never be staying at a Holiday Inn again. I called ahead and requested a non-smoking room on a high floor, which I was granted. We arrived at 1pm having driven 5 hours from Toronto and were told our room was not ready. Ok, thats fine, hotel policy states that check in is at 3pm but maybe they could have made an effort to re-assign our room to an empty one. The hotel was definately not full this weekend. The room itself was musty smelling and the decor, tv, and furniture is stuck in 1987. The comforter was old and tacky looking, why not just get a washable duvet type blanket that most modern hotels seem to have these days? The pillows were way too thick and as a result I did not sleep at all either nights. As a result I had a migrane and sore neck the whole weekend. Both mornings at 8:30am, I was startled by an extremely loud noise coming from the floor above, hammer drills. Said hammer drills did not stop until late evening and you could barely hold a conversation with someone in the room, let alone watch tv. Apparently the hotel is renovating the 8th floor. For the price, you can probably find something much much better than this! Try the delta, marriott, sheraton, or even best western. The one good thing about this hotel is the location as it is close to old montreal and the downtown core.	
Sep 25 2008 	Perfect Location	We stayed only one night at this hotel, Sept 2008. The location is great, just a couple of blocks from the Old Port and right next to Chinatown. Take the opportunity to explore Chinatown and check out some amazing food for great prices. The room itself was clean, esp. the bathroom. Free internet was great in helping us find our way around. Parking was convenient and for the $18, you aren't going to find much else for less. As for the other reviews on this place being &quot;unsafe&quot;, you are in a city, be wise about your actions!	
Sep 7 2008	The good and the bad	Hi:I am an American who stayed at the Holiday Inn in Chinatown on the Labor Day weekend as part of a wedding party; all the out-of-town guests stayed at this hotel and got a special rate.I thought the rate, as compared with American hotels in major cities, was fantastic--however, the food in the hotel's restaurant was over-priced. When I complained about anything not working in my room or asked for anything, it was taken care of immediately.I was disappointed, however, that there were no free computers available as I've had in other hotel lobbies.I didn't go to the indoor pool but other wedding members who did go told me the water was cold. I've never heard of an indoor pool before that wasn't heated.There was a coffee maker inside the bathroom, as many hotels have, and also, sadly, as many hotels have, the part where one must put the coffee was filthy.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great stay	The location of hotel was fantastic and very close to shopping and Old Montreal. The interior was clean; the bed was comfortable; the furnishings were nice; the service was great; the breakfast buffet was good (with hot and cold options and lots of fresh fruit); and the room was large. I had a fantastic stay in this hotel and would use this hotel again.	
Aug 24 2008 	Kitsch but cute!	We really enjoyed our short stay at this well located hotel in central Montreal. The 1970's Chinese style lobby is kitsch but cute, and the kids loved watching the goldfish swim around the walkway between the reception and the dining room. The room was comfortable and spacious. The indoor pool was an added bonus. We were pleased with the friendly service and great breakfast buffet. If you're still feeling hungry, don't miss the opportunity to have excellent dim sum at the nearby Maison Kam Fung restaurant!	
Aug 17 2008 	not safe !!!!	hotel is a little old and worn looking. No refrigerator in the room.. Safety is an issue, you can access any of the floors of the hotel from the public parking lot underneath it. My car was broken into and my kids lost an ipod a lap top and a DS. I believe that we were being watched as the stuff was in the car less then 10 minutes. There is a mission across the street and people sleeping on the streets very close to the hotel. Not safe ! The staff were not very sympathetic and pretended to be so surprised that we were robbed. Yet reading these reviews I can see that we are not the first. If we go to Montreal again we wont be staying here !	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice Hotel	Driving in to Motreal on good luck,picked this one because its very close to the harbor and the old city .Nice and clean room plus very nice bathroom.Absolutly recommendable	
May 31 2008 	Good location - very poor security	Probably the best thing going for this hotel is it's location. 5-10 min walk from most of down town Montreal. Probably does need a general renevation in some areas including all the common hallways. The free internet was down for 2 of the 3 days I was there. Everything else worked but as previous reviewers have noted it is dated.However, the one thing travellers should be aware of with regard this hotel is that reception is on the second floor and you can access all the other floors directly from the lift / elevator without going through reception. I didn't realise this this until I retuned late one night 01:00 am. This is a serious security lapse for any hotel . I'm sure they will give some excuse about CCTV coverage but that will do you very little good if you are followed in off the street and mugged in your own corridor ( very badly lit so CCTV would be useless anyway) or even your room by a stranger. Therefore if you are female travelling alone do not stay in this hotel the risk is too great. Otherwise be very careful when you answer your door to room service or cleaning staff. Also I wouldn't leave anything valuable in your room at all. Plus Montreal police are not known for their effeciency in dealing with tourists who don't speak 17th century french which is effectively what they speak in Quebec. I've worked there with an ex Parisian police officer and even he had a hard job figuring out what people were saying and you will find many people ( even those 16-25 ) cannot speak English at all! In my experience even the French speak more English.	
May 25 2008 	Back to the 70s	This property is located in chinatown Montreal, so the location is convenient. I was given a room on the 'Priority' traveler level - I am embarrassed for them that they would offer this room to priority business travelers. Carpeting is old and smelly, other than at the entranceway there are no light switches so you must walk to the lamps to turn on the lights, the mould in the bathroom was awful, and the sink and shower drains were not draining, so I asked for another room for the next night. Carpeting and bathroom was not much better but at least the sink drained properly. Surface was not wiped down from previous guest, and the furniture is very old. The front desk seemed more bothered to have to look for a second room for me instead of apologizing for the problems in the first room - in fact, the two people I spoke with didn't even want to know why I wanted to leave the first room. The equipment in the fitness centre has 3 bikes from the 70s, one treadmill that needs servicing, and one stairmaster that needs to have the chain oiled (so loud when in use). It's unfortunate this Holiday Inn property is not well maintained given the location and brand name.	
Jan 11 2008 	Strange but Serviceable. Take it at the right price.	This is one of the strangest hotels I’ve ever visited, especially considering it’s part of the (usually very standard, uniform) Holiday Inn chain. It’s not bad. In fact, it has some good qualities. But it’s STRANGE.First of all, the architecture: it’s a combination of modern socialist block and Chinese palace; overall, one of the ugliest hotels I've ever seen. The outside yellowish brick is worn from the Canadian winter, yet the Chinese facades on top are colorful. The lobby is pure kitsch – a pagoda and pond with goldfish surround the (pretty good) bar and (often closed, Chinese) restaurant. Carpet at the entrance and into the lobby is gritty and worn. The lobby is on the -second- floor, so don’t be put off by the convenient (yet somewhat odd) collection of merchants on the entrance level: a convenient mini-grocery/souvenir shop, and a host of shops devoted to the Chinese community (the main avenue of which seems to be on the street directly behind the hotel). Just head for the elevators by the (-really- kitschy Chinese &quot;waterfall&quot;). The rooms: standard Holiday Inn, if a bit worn (especially carpets – but I noticed in my walk through that the lower floors seemed to have newer carpet - - you might ask). Large and serviceable – ours had a nice mini-fridge, and nice view looking right at downtown Montreal. Bathroom was large and clean, with nice toiletries and a very good shower. Heat worked well, despite the bitter cold. Housekeeping was particularly good – a request for an extra blanket rendered a very nice, new duvet –and- an extra blanket. Good bed and pillows.Staff was really good - - knowledgeable and instantly responsive. I requested a room on a high floor with a view, and got it without hesitation. Concierge knew the city very well.Location is really good - - very close to the old city, and directly across the street from a metro stop which is part of the famed Montreal “underground.” There is a 7/11-type store and a Tim Horton’s, which has great, cheap food (especially breakfast), about 3 minutes away - - just go in the door next to the Metro. We got a really good price, so it’s hard to complain about anything. But, just keep in mind: this place is quite odd!	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Location	The hotel lobby is on the second floor, along with a restaurant a bar. It was always seemed quiet and deserted. There was a gift store on the street level, however it was never open early or late. Our family of four had a room with two queen sized beds, large bathroom, a seperate sitting area with a small table and two chairs which left lots of room for our luggage. The room was attractive looking, clean, and mostly quiet. The heater in our room was noisy, not white noise, but uneven noise as if it were struggling. We left it off at night and then turned it back up in the morning. The hotel is beside Chinatown and a short walk to the Old Montreal area. The metro station is across the steet at the cost of 2.75 for 13 yrs and up. If you are going a short distance, such as to downtown shopping area, the cab fare was $6.00. Cabs were always available outside the hotel. I would stay here again because the price was $102 a night and the convenient location.	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent trip.	Was in Montreal for business, picked the Holiday Inn Select because it was right across the street from the Convention Center. It was my first time in Montreal and I also wanted to make sure that I was close to shopping, I wanted to do some site seeing and I love to dine and experience new food. What a surprise, I found everything close to this Hotel. Located in Chinatown, 5 min walk to the Old Montreal Port and close to the underground shopping.The staff was the friendliest I have ever encountered. Pierre gave me great places to eat and told me where to go shop. The restaurant staff where always happy to see you in the morning and the breakfast was amazing. What a selection of food. I also wanted to experience their Chinese cuisine and had Dim Sum for lunch one day. The best I have ever eated! If I go back to Montreal I would go back.	
Nov 13 2007 	Enjoyed Our Stay	We stayed at Holiday Inn Select Sept. 5-10...taxi driver from airport knew exactly where the hotel was located, and took about 40 minutes to arrive. Check in was smooth and easy. Front desk informed us the Metro station was located (just catacorner to the hotel, inside the Convention Center). The street level of the hotel has a very small store, stocking assorted sundries, souveniers, drinks and snacks. Our room was large and serviceable, about what you'd expect in a Holiday Inn. Bathroom was quite large. Functioning minifridge, desk, and upholstered chair. AC/Heat was pretty loud, but functioned well. TV included both USA and Canadian channels. Our view was of the (inaccessible) rooftop pagoda, which is supposedly a replica of a former Emperor of China. We dropped off our bags, and ventured out to Vieux Montreal, about three blocks away. Tip: Cross the street (towards the Metro station), as the streets are one way, and can be tricky to avoid traffic.Mornings were quiet. A few newspapers were provided by the elevator bays. Only six or seven, though, so snag one early if you want one!Proximity to attractions is nice. Hotel is located just on the edge of Chinatown, which provided a nice walk through. We used the Metro often, and loved how easy it was to get everywhere. Another tip: Tim Horton's restaurant is located in the Metro station. Very inexpensive (under $5 each), and filling. We made a habit of stopping by the hotel bar every night on the way in from our excursions. The bartender was cordial, if not overly friendly, but provided light snacks, metro maps and helpful city navigation.Late check out was asked for, and granted. Although, many people must have asked for late check out, as when we came downstairs at 3, the front desk was manned by one person, and swarmed. However, many apologies were forthcoming, and they offerd to hold our bags for us for a few hours while we took a final walk around Vieux Montreal. We accepted, and our trip ended on a lovely note.Very basic hotel. No frills. If you are looking for charm, go elsewhere. But if you just need a place to sleep, this place more than fits the bill.	
Nov 5 2007 	Holiday Inn Select Montreal Centre-Ville	This hotel was good for what we wanted. It was close enough to everything that you could walk to almost everything. There is also a metro stop across the street. The hotel was clean and the staff was very helpful. My only complaint is that the hotel is on a moderately busy street and the traffic noise can get annoying.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great Hotel	Beautiful decor...very clean...wonderful location and the best staff we've ever encountered at a hotel. They were friendly and extremely knowledgable...this was our first trip to Montreal for my boyfriend and I and we can't wait to return back to this amazing city and hotel. We paid 95$ for a huge room with King size bed and we were in walking distance of everything in Old Montreal...LOVED IT!!!	
Oct 26 2007 	Ideally located! Great stay!	Just spent a few nights with my friend for a Mommy Shopping Getaway in Montreal and it was great!Everything went well from the time we walked in to the hotel to the time we left. Our room was clean and spacious. We had breakfast in the restaurant and the service was good, the waiters were friendly and also helpfull with stuff to do around the city.The hotel is well located to shop and visit the city. The staff was extremely helpfull in showing us how to get around town and was a must see or a skip. Lastly, the Spa is simply AMAZING! and well worth a visit.We will definitely return next year if not sooner for another getaway.	
Oct 21 2007 	Delighted	We were apprehensive after reading some negative reviews on TripAdvisor but in the end we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were also nervous since our French isn't good, but all the staff we encountered addressed us in fluent English.We found the hotel to be luxurious, clean and comfortable. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an ENORMOUS suite (which was bigger than our appartment at home!) with a huge bed, TWO bathrooms, vast living area (including space to work with a large desk), tea and coffee making facilities...The hotel has a great location in the vibrant Chinatown disctrict and the glamorous styling and decor reflects that, being designed to Feng Shui principles.There's free wifi in the rooms and the $17/day underground parking is convenient if maybe not designed for SUVs.The breakfast buffet was very good.We'd have no hesitation recommending the hotel, and staying here again ourselves.	
Oct 18 2007 	Not Bad for $120/Night (Discounted)...	Not a bad place, really. We used an Entertainment discount and was charged $102 CAD/night (and this was over a 4-day weekend: Black and Blue Ball). Typically it would have been $30-40 more per nightNotes: Getting there from the airport: If you're not familiar with the transit system (we weren't), the shuttle bus from the airport ($24 CAD one way)comes close to the hotel, (if you pack light, you can walk from a close stop), but the final bus stop on the airport shuttle still requires another (free) shuttle to take you to the Holiday Inn Centreville. I wasn't quite expecting that...but it was relatively efficient because we arrived at the beginning of rush hour. But don't expect that free shuttle off hours. We ended up taking a cab ($8 CAD) to the bus station , and again the airport shuttle on the return to the airport.Room was large. It's a nice big hotel on a corner lot. I asked for a view and got an exterior 7th floor nice view facing west and looking downtown. Courtyard view might be quiet, but it would be boring. Nice large modern TV (not typical for budget hotels in Canada). 2 comfortable queen beds. 2 desks/tables/spaces to work/eat. Large bathroom counterspace could easily handle two people primping at the same time. Nice.Free Wireless connection was a big line item for us. We both have laptops, and use them. Wireless was non functional when we arrived and I was perturbed. Front desk had no idea that the whole hotel was down. I had to call technical help myself, and almost had to threaten to leave if I couldn't access highspeed Internet. Hotel sincerely apologized and told me the situation would be fixed in 45 minutes. It was!! They get extra points for that.Hotel is right on the Metro stop. 2 stops to the Berri station. Convenient. Travel time to Le Village was less than 20 minutes using the subway. Not bad. Purchase a one-day subway pass. $9CAD.Only Negative: Food/Restaurants! You have to like Chinese food as that is the only cuisine that is within a quick walk. After 10pm, good luck finding quick restaurants that are open in that neighborhood. If you're ready for a real good sit down meal, Chinatown offers tons of choices. But if you want something on the level of a quick munchie, good luck. Hotel Room service food was good, fast, (reasonably overpriced) and hearty. Old Montreal is a 10 minute walk and has a lot of good touristy restaurants.I did not try the pool or the weight room. Ground floor lobby services seemed tranquil and bit subdued. But that's not a complaint.Staff was professional, friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was extremely patient in letting us vacate our room so they could clean. They gave us plenty opportunities to vacate when convenient for us. Nice.I would stay there again for $102 CAD/night as I saw nothing comparable to the Holiday Inn in terms of cost, size, and location.	
Oct 16 2007 	Not a pleasant experience	We had booked this hotel several months in advance and specifically requested a room facing the back yard. This request was declined and we instead got a room facing 2 very busy streets. The noise was unbearable! It seems that the windows are not sound-proof at all. To make things worse, early in the morning there was another extremely loud noise from the top of the room (we were on 8th floor). Whether it was the plumbing or anything else we do not know. When we mentioned it to the receptionist at check-out she just shrugged her shoulders. Aircon was also very loud so we could not leave it on at night, and Montreal had some very hot days in the beginning of October!The room itself was nicely decorated and perfectly OK. The breakfast buffet was very good as far as the quality of the food was concerned. What we did not like was the atmosphere. The pond with the fish is nice but we found it very strange that a young lady with short pants and rubber boots started cleaning the pond while we and some others were still having breakfast and sitting next to the pond. Officially breakfast time lasted till 10, but we had the impression that the staff wanted to get rid of us as quickly as possible (we were there at around 9.30). Worst of all was the coffee. Nowhere in Canada were we offered such thin coffee. So after two days we were fed up with this gargling water and went to Tim Hortons in the nearby conference center where we got good and strong coffee.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great location...	Nice hotel, clean room (great pillows) and unique lobby with the indoor goldfish pond. Great location - walking distance to Old Montreal and shopping on St. Catherine St. The only thing - my car was broken into in the underground parking garage at the hotel. Make sure you don't leave anything in your car!	
Sep 23 2007 	Holiday Inn Select Montreal	Went to Montreal to see Rush play at the Bell Center on Sept. 15. Stayed from the 14th to 16th. My two nights were average, no complaint, no compliments really, just what an average stay should be. It is located close enough to all the downtown places and I must say that Montreal seemed busy at all hours. My room was on a non smoking section and also had a note about no loud noise overnight, which was cool. Parking was the only issue. I found a spot but the underground garage is quite tight and doesn't seem to have too many spots so I left the car there and walked when needed. It did say that the hotel validated parking but still charged you so that was confusing. Validating to me meant that if you stayed at the place, it was free. Parking was $17 a day I believe, wow. So, all in all the place was fine, clean and acceptable and close enough to walk to stores and restaurants, even the Bell Center which is about a mile away.	
Sep 14 2007 	needs renovating	We wanted a hotel in Montreal for one night with a swimming-pool near the airport where we could stay with 2 small children, and this was what the travel agent found for us. It was not near the airport, but just outside the old town at the entrance of China town. The lobby area is nice (chinese theme), the staff was nice, the rooms are ok, but not extraordinary.The swimming.pool is terrible: without the kids I wouldn't have gone into the water, which really did not look very clean, and it really needs some renovation, as the rooms as well.Breakfast was ok.I would not return there.	
Aug 20 2007 	Very nice 	Situated in Chinatown, steps away from Old Montreal - this hotel is very nice~ (like all other Holiday Inns I've stayed before~) The reception staff are courteous, the room is very spacious &amp; clean (even the bathroom). They have free wireless internet connection too.	
Aug 15 2007 	Nice hotel in the center of everything	We have stayed here twice and will definitely stay here again because it is a nice enough hotel in a great location. We like to go all over the city, so the 2 minute walk to the metro is ideal. I like the Asian theme throughout the reception/lobby area and the close proximity to Chinatown (for excellent Chinese food go around the corner to the Beijing Restaurant). We are Priority Gold members at Holiday Inn so the service was excellent--they even called us twice to ask if we needed anything during our stay. We stayed on the eighth floor with a view of the city which was very nice--based on other reviews I would try to get a room on an upper floor with a city view because apparently some rooms just have a courtyard view. Underground parking is convenient and the fitness center is small and old but is useful. There is wireless internet in the room.The negatives include the small pool and spa that seemed to always be filled with people and the room decor is slightly dated. We also awoke two mornings in a row to a loud vibrating sound that was coming from the pipes/toilet in our bathroom and the housekeeper also tried to come in twice (at 8 a.m. and 4 p.m.). We mentioned these interuptions to the front desk at check out and they immediately offered to refund our entire parking charge (about $35). We also kept the privacy tag on the door on the second day and were never bothered by housekeeping again.If you are looking for elegance or luxury this is not the best choice but for convenience and comfort this is a good choice.	
Jul 25 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights and were very happy with this hotel. Check-in was fast and we were asked if we'd like a king size bed instead of the queen we had requested. The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable and the power shower in the bathroom was great. Hotel is in a good location right next to Chinatown and a short walk to Vieux Montreal for Notre Dame Basillica etc. We had the cold breakfast buffet (you can pay extra to have the hot selection) but we were quite happy with the continental selection which offered cereals, fruits, toast, cheese, ham, danish pastries, yoghurts, juice, coffee/tea, etc.The lobby is very nicely decorated in an oriental theme and has a lovely water feature with fish next to the dining area. The hotel offers free wireless internet access. Underground parking is available beneath the hotel with in/out access included for $10 per night and the Metro station is right across the road.Overall we had a very pleasant stay and would definitely stay here again if and when we return.	
Jul 7 2007 	great location	Metro right across the road; four minute walk to Notre Dame and Old Montreal; and is located in Chinatown.We arrived early and the front desk staff were able to find us a room that was ready. Room typical for a Holiday Inn. Pool area was small but nice and it is well used by guests; therefore making it more crowded than I am used to for a hotel pool.Underground parking lot is interesting to say the least and was difficult to manoeuvre our van - wouldn't want to go in and out each day.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great value	It's a great value for the price. The buffet breakfast in the morning is amazing. The hotel itself needs a bit of modernizing, but I was comfortable nonetheless. I will stay here again.	
Mar 29 2007 	Do not waste your time	We spent a long weekend in this hotel and all I can say is &quot; do not bother wasting your time staying here.&quot; The hotel pool was dirty and the jauzzi was even dirtier. The carpets in our room stunk and you could see where they had made an attempt to clean it up. We decided that since the location was good we would stay but as each day passed we regretted our decision.The last straw was the 4.00 bottle of water that was billed to our credit card. I asked for a different room but as that was said that all the rooms were similar. yuk!	
Mar 3 2007	Easily located to the Old City and Metro	This hotel is located at the corner of Montreal's Chinatown and a block from plenty of Chinese restaurants, across from the Metro - Place de Arms, a bus stop and a couple of blocks from the Notre Dame Cathedral and Old Montreal which allowed us to walk to many of the restaurants and sites of Old Montreal and along the river. The room king size room was roomy with a sofa-bed and plenty of storage space. The bathroom was equaklly roomy. The room and hotel were well maintained and clean.	
Jan 25 2007 	perfect spot in downtown montreal	My wife and I along with are 5 mouth old boy went to this hotel and it was very good the people were very helpful with finding things to do also everyone spoke perfect english so if you can't speak french its ok the only time we ate at the hotel was one morning we had the all you can eat buffet breakfast its was exelent lots of fruit and eggs beacon they even had these apple with cream cheese crepes they were awsome , again the waiter was so friendly had gave us ideas of where to go and see while in montreal.. The hotel is located right beside downtown with subway (metro) access right accross the street, so if you want to travel around the city with out useing your car this is a perfect location also one street west is chinatown i'd admit at first i wasn't so crazy about staying beside chinatown but it ended up being an exelent turn of events as we had one of our best meals there and at a very resonale price.. you are also located beside old montreal which we found to be very beautiful part of the city if your looking to buy beer or wine there are places close by we also ate at st hubert there specialty is rotisory chicken abd it was awsome also I sugest eating there if your on a budget because the prices are very good. The only bad part of our trip was that it was very cold and we ended up travel on foot in the undergound city that montreal is famouse for and i'm going back in the summer to walk and see some more of this beautiful city  overall this was a last minute disision to go to montreal and it ended up to be more than i expected  Hotel has some intersting history abut it also there is pool with jacuzzi or hot tub and wieght room if you want ot do a workout.. The room was large and the view of the city was spectacular try to get a room on the eight floor as we did its non smoking. The decor is chinese with lots of plants and steams with goldfish in it surounding the resturant and lobby  I will be coming back to this hotel agian forsure in the summer just for the location alone..	
Dec 20 2006 	Average Montreal hotel in good location.	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Select Montreal Centre-ville after getting a great same-day deal on Priceline. Checked-in quite late (around 8 pm) after visiting a friend. I wasn't expecting much but it didn't really matter as it was a place to sleep since I'd be out of there the next morning. RECEPTION: The clerk who checked me in mentionned that the room was pre-paid but nothing more. He did not ask about bedding preference but I asked If it was non-smoking and he said it indeed was. That's what mattered most to me. ROOM: My room was on the 4th floor overlooking a sort of tiny courtyard. It was very quiet. I agree with previous reviewers, the hallways are dark and certainly not very &quot;Feng Shui&quot; but the room had a certain Asian feel to it. Carpets looked pretty new and clean. The furniture was in good repair but once again, I will echo previous comments and say that they could use a change. It was pretty scratched and definately more 1990s-ish. It appears to me as If they changed the carpet and the tapestry but didn't bother changing the furniture when they last renovated. The bed was not up to par to most 3/4 star Norh American hotel these days that have fluffy duvets and pillowtop mattresses. Quite a few other hotels in Montreal charge similar rates, the Quebec government gives them a 4 star rating yet, most other chain hotels in the city have superior bedding (next to it location wise and it the same star category on Priceline, the Hyatt comes to mind but they are like day and night). Therefore, the bed and pillows were ok but not great. The bathroom is also of the older generation hotel bathrooms (vinyl countertop, pink tiles, etc) but perfectly adequate, with excellent water pressure and top notch cleanliness. Towels were threadbare though. The A/C unit was quiet and didn't disturb my sleep. Housekeeping respects the do not disturb sign. Other than the room and check-in, I spent so little time in the hotel that I can't comment on food or the pool facilities. All staff I came in contact with provided prompt service. The lobby has nice water gardens with ponds and such but same thing as the room, the furniture is very early 1990s and could do up with a change. It's clean though.My thoughts: A good rate direct with the hotel is below 125$ If you do not qualify for any discounts. Priceline, If you get it at 70$ or below, it's a good or great deal. Clean, quiet and well located. If you like Asian food, you're in the right location! Plenty of excellent restaurants within 2 minutes or less from the entrance and they're all cheap! Convention centre is right in front too. The shopping is within walking distance and so is Old-Montreal and the Gay village. Might want to take the orange line (subway) which is a 2 minute walk away (inside the convention centre) to Mont-Royal and the Plateau unless you like long walks uphill.	
Nov 26 2006 	Mixed feelings	The location of the hotel is convenient if one attends a conference at the international conference centre, just across the street, or if one wants to have Chinatown at walking distance. Waterfront area is by foot not more than 10 minutes. Reception staff very friendly, no nonsense, down to earth. Breakfast, dinner facilities quiet good, good choice, interesting setting (water ponds with plants and bridges). Bar/food service in the evening a bit slow. Rooms: no in room safe box (one has to bring all valuables to reception, getting it back is time consuming, and not possible early morning (only one staff seems to have the key to the safe). Free internet connection in the room. The hotel brochure boosts about the Feng Shui principles applied in its reconstruction, meant to bring harmony and balance. I must say that I did not feel any of it, on the contrary, overall the hotel was quiet dark and not 100% maintained (dead plants do not bring lots of chi). Fitness room and swimming pool: dark and small. Overall my impression was: fair, but I assume there are better places in Montreal.	
Jul 10 2006 	Terrible and irritant	A wrong begin by chek in : our nonsmokig room was reserved from one day to early so at our arriving we didnt get a room.After 3/4 hour discussion we got a smoking room at de 8th floor (terrible stinky).A double room with a smal bed, to big for one to smal foor 2 persons.with bad towels for one person.Next day by protest we achived a nonsmoking room at the 3th floor with a window with bidirectional wieuw at de bar and longue perhaps is an unique dream of an exhibitionist.Warning for persons with claustrofobie without daylight. Just a prisoncel...People whoe are looking for a minimal 4 star hotel Holiday Inn in Montreal is NOT an alternative.I shal it do never again...	
Jun 30 2006	Not as bad as I feared!	Due to previous reviews I was not looking forward to staying at the Holiday Inn Select but I had no option as it was part of a Grand Prix deal. I was relieved to find it better than I expected in many respects but it does have some issues which may put off some travellers from staying.The good points were - both our rooms - one on the 7th floor the other on the 8th (Executive floor) were very large, very clean, and the decor and fixtures and fittings in good repair if a little dated in style, with some small areas of wear and tear evident on the furniture. The executive room seemed a bit dark and more enclosed simply due to the choice of furniture colour. The beds were very comfortable. An iron and board were in the room as was a coffee maker. The water was always piping hot for a bath and all the staff we met were very friendly, cheerful and helpful.The bar snacks were excellent value for money, good sized portions and tasty to eat. Breakfast ranged from 12 to 15 dollars Canadian and was taken in the very pleasant dining area by the water feature in the foyer area.The not so good points - the pillows seemed very cheap lumpy foam filled ones so were very uncomfortable. The towels were thin, and not large - the 'bath' towel was not the normal hotel sized towel you expect by any means! Some were newish, others were so grey and worn I refused to touch them let alone use them!The veneer to the bathroom and room doors was in a poor state and spoilt the effect of the room. The bottom of the main door (and it was the same all along the corridor) appeared to have been hacked off as it was so uneven, chipped and the gap between the carpet and door was about 2 inches!!The air con unit was floor standing and not overly efficient - it had several settings which was good and was not too noisy but it could have been better.The hotels location was both excellent and not so good! The excellent bit was everything so was easy to walk to from it. China town just around the corner - with dancing lions, ladies, well the lot! a street market and people playing marjhong outside! the Cathedral a couple of hundred yards away, the waters edge 1/2 mile at most and shops and cafes very close as well. It was also easy to walk to the main underground shopping malls. A tube/subway station was close by.The downside to the location was the hotel's proximity to an underpass to what appeared to be Montreals main arterial road and the fact the hotel is built on the junction of two very busy roads with several sets of lights so the traffic noise was audible even with the windows shut and the traffic continued all night. The worst thing was the fire station across the road which appeared to be constantly busy as we were woken up at least 3 if not 5 times each night with the fire engine sirens going. The hotel is also near to a Mission for people suffering hard times and the little park area alongside the hotel albeit on the otherside of the road did seem to be an area they met. We were surprised by the number of beggars in the area and Montreal in general. At no time though did we feel threatened by them or did any of them do anything to annoy a passerby whilst we were there but they were noticeable.For me the pros outweighed the cons for the time and reason I was there this visit but I can not say I would stay there again if I was on a longer holiday.	
Mar 24 2006	Average Montreal hotel	Just an average 3 star hotel. A bit pricy for what you get. I stayed there during Christmas Holidays. Some American guests were extremely noisy (one &quot;lady&quot; was even running in corridor naked!). Eventually I called the front desk and security arrived promptly. They were quite nice and encouraged me to call again if there were any problems.The room itself was acceptable but I was expecting more for that price.The Chinese restaurant &quot;Chez Chine&quot; is absolutely great! But this is the only pearl -- the rest is pretty ordinary and I don't think I will stay there again.	
Nov 21 2005 	Quite Disappointing	Stayed at the Holiday Inn for 2 nights in November 2005. Good location if attending a tradeshow or if you want to visit Chinatown.Hotel itself is quite disappointing. Although it has a nice lobby/restaurant area, the rooms are very old and dingy looking. The indoor pool was small and is certainly not cleaned on a regular basis. Overall service was average, nothing spectacular. I wouldn't grade this hotel with more than a 1.5 star.	
Nov 12 2005 	Can't beat the value for the location!	My experience here turned out to be better than those of the rather mixed reviews here... not that I had any choice as my employer assigned me here for our conference from 11/4 to 11/10. The front desk was friendly and efficient as I checked in five minutes after my 1:30pm arrival. I had hoped for a king bed but the double queen accomodations I was given at least allowed me a convenient place to throw my things after a long day.I often stay at Holiday Inn when I travel for pleasure so I knew what to expect and I was otherwise okay with the room. It did seem recently renovated and the bed I slept in had comfortable (which, for me, means moderately firm) mattress and pillows. While the bathroom had a lot of counter space, it also had a shower drain that would not close. As I was looking forward to a soaking bath after a long first day, I contacted the front desk who promised to send up maintenance. They never showed but as I felt better during the rest of my stay, I did not make an issue of it. Housekeeping was good, especially in how they arranged the mess of my toiletries I had in the bathroom. LOL I mentioned this when I left my daily $2 tip in appreciation and I returned to see a more premium soap in my dish! Probably the best thing about this hotel is the location. I had a nice view of the Palais des Congres where I conducted my business diagonally across the street from the hotel. Chinatown is just one block north. The Basilica de Notre Dame and Old Montreal are a 10 minute walk south, albeit partially through an incline. The nightlife on Rue St. Catherine as well as the business district are a 10 minute taxi cab away. (By the way, I appreciated how there almost always seemed to be taxi cabs available at the hotel entrance.)I decided to treat myself to a Swedish massage at Spa Sinomonde which is located in the hotel's basement. I enjoyed a wonderful one-hour massage from a lovely lady named Oksana! The $60 charge (before taxes) is a great deal even in the States! Customers also have access to the rest of the facilities during their visit. While I liked the billiards setup and appreciated the upgraded fitness facilities, I opted to relax in one of the two whirlpools next to the sauna. I had my only hotel meal on my final morning at the Chez Chine restaurant. The $14 &quot;Complete Breakfast&quot; was a decent value for a hotel buffet. As you can guess by now, the hotel was influenced by its location at the edge of Chinatown. I read some literature that it was built on feng shui principles, a fact that may encourage some people. While the immediate area is quiet at night, I never felt unsafe. A few tips: if you're looking to exchange money, check out Ly's Jewelry Store one block north on Rue St. Urbain to the pedestrian walkway in Chinatown. The rates and $2 charge are better than the banks and and airport money exchangers for sure. For reasonable snacks or prepared meals, head a few blocks further north to the IGA supermarket. So basically, if you're looking for a solid three-star hotel convenient to the Palais des Congres, Chinatown and Old Montreal, you could do worse than the Holiday Inn Select Centre-Ville. I may be returning for pleasure in a couple months and if the rate is reasonable (under $130), I just may stay here again.One last thing: get used to the fact that, no matter what button you push, the elevator will always stop on the 2nd floor reception level... always. Cheers!	
Oct 3 2005	Great room good location!	We booked 2 rooms for 4 travelers for Sept. 27-Oct.1, 2005. Check in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful, and the rooms were huge. Each room had 2 queen beds, with room for 2 people's luggage. The rooms were clean and quiet. The hotel is just 2 blocks from Old-Montreal with the Notre Dame Cathedral. This is a nice part of town full of small shops and restaurants. The architecture of this area is beautiful! On the other side of the hotel is Montreal's Chinatown. When you've fully explored these areas, a subway(metro) stop is right across the street from the hotel, so you can get around town pretty easily. The metro only runs till 1am, so if you're heading out to check out Montreal's night life, you may have to take a cab back to the hotel (though cabs are not too expensive in Montreal.) We would happily stay at this hotel again. It was clean, quiet, and convenient for getting around. We spent much of our time in the old part of town, so it was great for that. The only problem we had was rather minor. There are not a lot of restaurants open late in this part of town on weeknights. Our flight into Montreal was delayed by several hours, and we did not get settled into our rooms until around 10pm. We went down to the front desk to ask for recommendations for dinner that night, and were told there is not much in the area open late (this was a Tuesday night - it was better later on our trip during the weekend.) We ended up around the corner at a small chinese restaurant. The desk staff said that would be all we would find at this time of night. Other than that oddity (at least, odd to us) we had a great time in Montreal and the Holiday Inn Select. We would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 23 2005 	Good Decor in the Lobby 	The lobby of this hotel is very nicely decorated in Chinese motifs, complete with a reflecting pool and an Asian garden. The guest-level corridor carpets could use some updating, but the rooms themselves are large and comforable. The candid photos seem to show only a small portion of the room. As for the the location, it's very hard to beat. It's located in Chinatown which I took as a positive. There's always a restaurant or two open any time of the day. Granted, the quality of the food varies, but that's part of the fun and it's not really the hotel's responsibility. Besides, the hotel is literally two blocks from Vieux Montreal, so if you're into fancy French cuisine, you have your pick as well.	
Aug 1 2005	An OK stay in Chinatown	Just got back from a stay at this hotel July 29-Aug 1, 2005. Overall, an average hotel - booked though Priceline for $72 USD a night, so it was a bargain - but didn't get anything exciting. Checked in late evening, had requested two beds but were told this was not available. Were provided a cot at no charge.The room was OK - the hotel is a U-shape, so a lot of the rooms face inwards. We found the hallways and public areas dark and a little dingy. The room was the same, and actually even had cigarette burn marks near the sink. Not so nice. The rest of the room was clean and tidy, but nothing exceptional. Bed was a little lumpy.Overall, an average stay. I wouldn't recommend paying much more than what we paid for this hotel.	
Jul 18 2005	Great location friendly staff great room.	Stayed here: 7 july 2005 - 8 july 2005Easy to find coming from the highway, and located near the old city this is a perfect place to stay. It's situated in Chinatown, the reception is on the 2nd floor and is surrounded by a bar, restaurant and chinese inside-garden. There is also a parking for only CA$16/24hrs.On arriving we immediately got a larger room without asking on the 6th floor. This was a nice upgrade, larger beds, a desk, very large room and extra seats and table. The only thing was it was quite a long walk to the elevator. There was free WiFi available throughout the hotel.This hotel comes at a fairly cheap price, offers a lot, friendly staff, and a great location near the old city and subway. What else would you want. I would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 19 2005	Disappointed	Stayed at this Holiday Inn recently for a week and was disappointed. While the amenities were nice enough, the price paid ($199/night) did not result in the kind of service desired. The room was okay, but the key card had to be reset after every use, very annoying during a six day stay. There was a great deal of difficulty in confirming the reservation and ensuring the proper credit card was charged. Also, while I provided my &quot;Priority Club&quot; membership on check-in, it was not entered until check-out, so any perks due were not provided.	
Jun 9 2005	avoid this hotel if you can	The only good for this hotel is the location. The service is bad. Staff is not friendly. The carpet is old. Overcharge on my credit card and get no response from hotel about this issue (the hotel staffs never return the call although they claim they will). Have to escalate to Head office to resolve this issue and get my overcharge money back. Avoid this hotel if you can	
May 2 2005 	Not impressed	Wasn't very impressed. Many little things added up to me wanting to stay clear in the future:- two lights were broken when I arrived, bulb blown in one, and the switch missing on the other. The service man replaced the bulb but said there was nothing he could do about the other. How about replace the lamp?? When I checked out two days later the lamp was still just an ugly ornament in the room- noise carries... there must have been a school group in the hotel as at 2:00 AM both nights I was woken up with a lot of loud chatting in the hallways- remote control was old and hard to use- the hotel is very dark and dreary. Not a very cheery atmosphere at all. I think it is quite old. Time for a reno.- the view from the window was of the inner portion of the building which was a bed of rock on the roof of the restaurant. Uuuuuugly!!- when checking in they neglected to give me the breakfast coupon that apparently I was entitled to.Oh, well.	
Apr 17 2005	Age showing	At one time I would have given the hotel a 4 rating but as time moves on it has moved down to a 3.5 rating. We visit Montreal at least annually (7yrs+ now) and make it a point to stay here because of its convenient location and staff. Counter to another review we find the hotel to be very child friendly with its uncrowded pool and serene fish pond which fascinates the young ones. Our first few visits ensured our return stays as the hotel was new and the staff extremely friendly and helpful (same staff over these years) , but over the years the rooms have started to show their age and the service has declined slighty as people have moved on and given these changes we may move onto another hotel as well...	
Mar 15 2005	Comfort Good Service Great Location	We are a family of four with two young children and had a very good experience here during a winter weekend in Montreal. The pool is small but perfect for young children. The lobby is delightful as you can walk on bridges over a shallow pond that is the home of a group of koi fish. The location of the hotel is excellent -- right next to Chinatown and walking distance from Old Montreal. The subway is right across the street. The staff responded quickly to special requests for extra pillows and a sewing kit. Parking is a bit expensive at $16 per night, but you have in/out privileges. We got a good price thru Priceline and found the Holiday Inn to be a comfortable place to stay while exploring the city. Special recommendation: Try &quot;Eggspectation&quot; for a great breakfast. Go to the one on St. Jacque, only a few blocks from the hotel.	
Feb 23 2005	Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel, right in China Town area. Quiet and great reception area with fish pool and waterfall. Parking was 16 dollars per day though. There was a cheaper garage one block up $12 per day. Lots of Chinese Restarants within short distance. Aviod the large buffet though (forgot name), not quite the quality that most American Chinese Buffets are. I got a great price on hotwire so overall I was very happy with my stay. Feb 2005	
Oct 20 2004	Good location	My family of four stayed in this hotel on October 7, 2004 for one night. We got a good rate through the Entertainment book.The Holiday Inn Select is in Chinatown and is close to some tourist attractions. The room itself was nice with a view of the Old Town part of Montreal. I'm not sure about the other room views. There was some graffiti noticed on nearby buildings on the other side of the hotel. There was a pool, hot tub and sauna that we used both at night and in the morning. The water was a little cool and the pool seemed small, considering how many people stay in the hotel. No one else used the pool while we were there so maybe it is big enough. The exercise room is in the same area (on the third floor) and it seemed pretty good.We did not take advantage of the spa nor did I eat at the restaurant so I cannot comment on those things. Holiday Inns don't usually have a continental breakfast. We did get an overpriced pizza from room service. The ad said something like &quot;pizza from $6&quot; but we paid a total of $18 for a medium pepperoni. The parking fee is $14 and though the guy at the front desk said that it was validated, the amount was charged to our bill. It wasn't a surprise thanks to comments I read here before I arrived. There are signs everywhere telling patrons to take your parking ticket to the front desk before attempting to depart the parking garage. Anyway, I'll reiterate that you need to add that in when calculating the cost of your stay. Also, note that a concierge controls the carts that bring your luggage to your room.The lobby area is very nice with the fish swimming in the ponds and the whole Chinese bit.One of the people that worked behind the desk rides his bike to work and lent us his air pump to blow up some inner tube ring bathing suit attachments so our pre-schoolers could swim unaided. That was pretty helpful.I'd consider staying there again in the future but would check alternatives.	
Jul 15 2004	No privacy	I stayed in this hotel for few times. Here are my experiencesa) There was no privacy at all, the cleaners just opened the doors without knocking (happened everytime I stayed)b) One time, the bathroom light was burned out, the hotel would not fix it due to no one worked after hoursThe only things I liked this hotel were close to ChinaTown, good underground parking	
Jun 5 2004	We recommend this hotel		
Apr 9 2004	a pleasant surprise		
Mar 3 2004	Hotel was good enough for our stay		
Jan 17 2004	Avoid this hotel		
Dec 7 2003	Fine hotel in great location		
Oct 23 2003	Very pleased		
Sep 15 2003	Long Time Ago.....		
Jul 4 2003	Very Feng-shue		
May 18 2003	worst trip ever!		
Jan 7 2003	Not suitable for young children		
Nov 29 2008 	Ordinaire		
Jul 22 2008 	Bastante mediocre		
Jul 2 2007 	Désolant!		
