Sep 20 2009 	Ok for 1 night or business traveller	We stayed here for 5 nights in all. The staff were very friendly and helpful but the room was quite depressing. We didn't look forward to going back to the hotel to relax, as the room was dingy so stayed out all day! Would recommend for 1 night though.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fine place to spend the night	Nice little hotel with friendly people. It was fine for a one night stay. We would stay there again. Convenient for shops and restaurants.	
Jul 7 2008 	small but nice	small hotel with nice poeple,reasonable price.that's why we would like to recommend it.	
Jul 2 2008 	Pretty average	I had to go to Montreal on very short notice, and with a very tight budget. I don't remember how much I paid exactly, but it wasn't a lot. The room was adequate for the night that I stayed there; however, it was very small. I find the pictures on the website to be a bit deceiving. The stone in the background is not real, though that is not a huge deal. The rooms are very cramped, and the bathroom is so tiny that when on the toilet, my knees touched the underside of the sink (and I have short legs!). It was also difficult to close the bathroom door, since I had to sit on the toilet sideways, so I was thankful I had the room to myself. The halls and stairways are also very narrow. The man at the front desk was nice though. It was night time when I arrived, and he told me where to go for food, and told me which areas to avoid. He also held on to my luggage the next morning after I had to check out before my ride showed up. I did not appreciate that he charged me for everytime I picked up the phone though (a few times, I picked up and hung up again without even dialing, and I was even charged for that! The charges for that were very unreasonable too, very expensive!) If I am in Montreal on a budget again, though, I would consider staying here again. I just wouldn't be using the phone!	
Jul 2 2008 	very friendly and nice small hotel	nice small hotel with friendly front desk staff..........I would stay there again for sure.....	
Jul 2 2008 	BAD BAD BAD	This hotel is very well located but is always full of TEENAGERSBUS TOURS. My wife and I are over 50 years old and they put us in a room on a floor between one of those tour.We were the only ones out of the GANG.We COULD NOT SLEEP A SINGLE SECONDthat night due to the constant visit and door knock of our neighbors.They visited each other all night and we are sure they were doing d..I called the reception twice about the situation but without any results.We checked out early in the morning my wife being furious but the direction could not care less.NEVER NEVER AGAIN.What an awful night.Denysd2.	
Jun 25 2008 	nice comfortable hotel	I would say this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and I am extremely fussy!	
Jun 2 2008 	Bed Bugs - NOT worth it!	This place was terrible. Not only were the rooms dark and musty smelling, they also had bed bugs in the bed and and bathroom. We saw at least 2 or 3 crawling across our pillows when we settled down to watch TV and in the few hours that we had been there, two of them had found their way into our bags. We had only been there for 2 hours and decided to leave promptly after that. Unfortunately, we could not get our deposit back and they were not even going to refund us the money we had put down for the second night, but we brought front desk attendant up to the room and showed the boy all the bugs. Despite the fact we had to dish out another $100 for another room, we were very lucky that we did not bring a critter home with us. I would highly recommend AVOIDING this place. It's definitely not worth staying here to save a couple of dollars.	
Nov 12 2007 	Good Value Great Innkeeper	Most of the time, reviews concern the room, amenities, etc. I'd like to give David the innkeeper kudos for being attentive to our needs...turned us on to some nice walking areas and even arranged for a car rental during Thanksgiving Weekend. The room was basic (we liked the openable door to get fresh air from outside) but clean, a block from Metro, and 20 minute walk from Vieux Montreal. Nice lounge for reading the paper and enjoying a croissant &amp; coffee in the mornings. For under $90/day including tax, this is a good value and we'll be back.	
Oct 31 2007 	Simply Awful!	I will not recommend this hotel to anyone! The room was incredibly small, as soon as the worker had my money he was unbelieveably rude. In the hotel room there was a box of rotting egg salad sandwiches left on top of the air conditioner unit on the window. When the worker (owner?) was told about this, he became very rude and thought I was trying to scam him, until he came back to the room with me and saw I was telling the truth. HE DID NOT REMOVE THEM, instead he slammed the door shut and locked it. He told me he would give me another hotel room and refund my first night only. I advised him I would like a full refund and would find another hotel, he became angry and extermely rude and told me not to write a bad review of the hotel. The hotel was a dump. Even the sign outside the front was broken! I truly do not recommend this hotel! There is a much better hotel and not expensive just up the street!	
Oct 18 2007 	tight squeeze	Very cramped, double bed up against outer wall, accessible only from one side. Air Conditioner set in window at foot of bed, not properly sealed in window result an uncrontrollable cold blast of air over the bed all night through the gaps.Toilet and shower in one unit so cramped that a slightly obese person could not possibly get in or manouvre around. Not soundproof, every move overhead audible.We had just come from the Econolodge in Plattsburgh which was, by comparison, a paradise !There must be better places than this in Montreal !Couldn't take any photos for you, didn't have a close-up lens.	
May 22 2007	La Residence du Voyageur Boutique Hotel on Sherbrooke Street Montreal	On a recent visit to Montreal...I picked this small boutique hotel especially for the rate...I would not under any circumstances give this hotel any kind of a rating. Very small...and we had the largest room...walls paper thin...bedbugs...1/2 bathtub...dirty mattresses...windows that don't open and no air conditioning. Behind the bed it looked as though it has not been vacuumed ever. We were prepared to stay as it was just a place to put our heads down after being out most of the day...but...when the bedbugs appeared that did it!!. Not even worth the $117.00 we paid for it. We immediately left the next morning...6:30 am and went up to the Doubletree Hilton only a block and a 1/2 away. They were very accommodating and they gave us a great room for just a little more than at the Residence Du Voyageur. I would not under any circumstances recommend this hotel until they have cleaned up their act.	
Mar 3 2006	People are too picky!!!	This hotel was fine. people are too snoody when it comes to traveling...hey your paying 80 dollars a night, you are not going to get the ritz!!! i enjoyed myself at this hotel, and it did the trick, i had a place to sleep on my vacation. this place is not bad, it has a great breakfast (i did not have it but it was offered) and it was clean and i had no complaints! i further recommend it for travelers who can handle being travellers if you want something extravagant than pay 100 dollars more...also its close to everything...walking distance!	
Dec 3 2005	Good stay if you get one of the big rooms	The first night i stayed there i was in the smallest room i've ever seen, i know the place is cheap and you get what you are paying for but this was extreme, you get a room with a poor New York apartment view like in the movies, mine was to a top roof and &quot;lovely&quot; air conditioner machines, i was not able to open the drawer all the way because the bed was there, i was surprise that the bathroom door could open entirely but in a moment i wonder if i was be able to seat on the toilet (thank God i could), the shower is 2x2 FEET and i'm not kidding or if you like it in another way it's 3 medium tiles per 3 medium tiles, paper thin walls? yes, you dont control at all the air conditioner so if it's your first night in -40 degrees farenheit (i saw it on TV) you are gonna have problems sleepingNext morning i went to the reception desk to ask to turn on the heat, the owner (a funny asian man) told me &quot;no problem, no problem -40 degrees just last night, not again&quot; so that sounded to me like they were not going to heat it up, after asking me were i was from for my surprise his wife was also mexican and because i was going to stay for a week he gave me an room upgrade for the same price (most of the people stay just 2 or 3 days)The new room was TOTALLY different, nice view, plenty space for 2 persons, the 2x2 shower was also there but i was so happy that i didnt care so the rest of my stay was perfect, i was leaving in the morning to see the city and coming back at night to sleep (wich i guess would not be possible in one of the tiny rooms)Continental breakfast like the other people said is cookies, croissants, coffee and orange juice (not natural)I stayed during low season so i paid 38 american dollars per night wich was not bad at all, i paid untill i was leaving and not at the beginning and for me it was very clean (probably because there was not too many people when i was there)Bottom line, if you dont fight for one of the 6-8 big rooms from the 28 they have you better go someplace else because you wont be able to rest and enjoy your vacations	
Jul 18 2005	No Problems with this hotel for me	Sure this is not The Ritz but it's adequate enough for the $85 CAN/nite for a Thurs and Fri stay. I stayed at peek season(3rd time) and I'd go back. I had none of the problems people had in the other reviews. No check in problems and no noise. Staff was polite and more than ready to help with directions and needed ice trays.Breakfast (continental) was included and was set up to our liking.We were served croissants with jam(as much as we wanted) along with the cookie assortment and juice tea and coffee Sure the bathroom doorway was small for me and the tub was also but we were given a 2 double bed room which otherwise was good enough for us(especially for the price compared to other hotels in the area). Also was clean and cool enough with a great street and city view out front. If you are going to just stay and lounge in a hotel for your Montreal stay and expect to be waited on hand and food or you are on your honeymoon don't stay here. But we go to Montreal to do things away from the hotel and did't regret buying gifts to take home for the money we saved on the hotel stay. Another plus-the local hotel workers went on strike in the big hotels around us and guess who did't have to make up their own bed and clean there own room while the$150 to $200+ a night crowd were left to fend for themselves!	
Jul 11 2005	Brutal	I just submitted the same review with the wrong city. This Hotel is located in Montreal, NOT Quebec city.Upon our arrival we were told that WE had made a booking error and all they had available was this horrible little room for the same rate as the normal room I had booked. It was obvious that the error was theirs, though they would not admit it. They were very, very unprofessional and made some inappropriate insinuations. Fortunately we were able to find another room elsewhere but not after having a very unpleasant exchange with the clerk. We spoke with some people who ended up staying in that little room who expressed the same opinion. They were also looking elsewhere for the next night.	
Oct 30 2004	Not what I expected	From their website it looks like a decent place but when you get there you can see how they twist some of the words to make it sound better.The free parking is on the street, this wouldn't bother me much if I wasn't driving but if you're driving or renting a car be wary. My car got broken into on the street and it's a residental street! The rooms are a bit small and the bathroom is even smaller. In the morning, the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is cookies, juice and coffee. You need to decide whether the price is worth it.	
Jul 8 2004	Needs upgrading full of students!	We'd stayed here in the past and liked it ok (good location near Sherbrooke metro, cheap, adequate breakfast, quiet enough, clean enough), but recently found it unbearable. Halls look filthy, walls are paper-thin which don't block out the 3am drunken students, rooms are not the cleanest either. If you can bear minimum amenities, you might be able to stand it--we can't take the student ghetto its become any more!	
Mar 29 2004	Pleasant and Convenient	I had a great weekend stay in Montreal. It was affordable, the staff were friendly and very helpful, the room was quite comfortable with a nice view, and I was very close to the shopping, restaurants, and shows. I'd go back.	
Nov 5 2003	Good for a budget hotel	This hotel isn't a 5 star hotel, and doesn't pretend to be. So, for $77 CDN (taxes included), you get what you pay for. However, for a budget hotel in a great location - it was perfect. The rooms were nice and clean, and despite the other reviews I found the staff to be very helpful. If your plan is to only sleep there and not have a romantic weekend - this is the hotel for you.	
Oct 28 2003	Awful...simply awful	I had the misfortune of staying at this hotel back in April of 2003. Despite the relatively convenient location, the entire two night experience was a bust. Tiny rooms, paper thin walls, the squeakiest floors imaginable - resembled a Cold War holding cell. Staff showed little concern when complaints were made. In fact, I called a friend the final night to help me vacate 12 hours early. All this for nearly $70 US a night. Handy Tip - try the property across the street, same price, far more charming.	
Sep 29 2003	Not Too Bad After Getting an Upgrade	I was planning a weekend getaway to Montreal. Wanted a good deal and a decent room close to everything. I made my reservation BEFORE checking the reviews. By the time I did, it was too late to cancel. The place is located VERY WELL for downtown and The Village. I did not find it to be the Hell-hole mentioned in another review. Tacky and a bit run-down? Yes. The staff was very helpful to me. Be Careful... there are different kinds of rooms. The hotel policy is to charge you UP-FRONT for your entire stay at the point of check-in. I refused until I saw the room. They didn't like this. The first room they showed me was despicable.... it was SO SMALL and dingy (this was the hell-hole mentioned). When I said, &quot;No, this won't do,&quot; they started to give me a whole diatribe about &quot;Being full (They weren't).... and it's so last-minute.&quot; When I refused to sign for the rest of the reservation, they showed me a different room, with two double beds.... THIS ONE WAS ACTUALLY NICE. Clean, decent space and GREAT SHOWER! They insisted on 10 Canadian dollars more per night. I insisited that the reputation on the internet was not a good one and that they should make good on promises. We split the difference. I ended up paying 65 Canadian Dollars per night (about US$48-50). Had a great room (LOOK FOR TWO DOUBLE BEDS-- not a &quot;double&quot; with only one bed), great location and a WONDERFUL TIME in Montreal. What a great city! You get what you fight for, in this situation. There ARE some decent rooms in the hotel-- but I snuck a peek while the made was cleaning--- NOT MANY! &quot;Breakfast&quot; was an urn of coffee and cookies near the entrance. If you sat in the crowded and ugly &quot;breakfast nook,&quot; you were served two stale-ish croissants per person. Plenty of hot water. Good, forceful shower. Would I go back? Not likely. But, this time, all worked out.	
Sep 4 2003	what a nightmare!	This is the worst place I have ever been to! A hell hole would be more accurate. A big lie that didn't come cheap: $75 USD per night bought you a dinky little room with a slanted floor, a broken mattress and a view on the garbage dumpsters. The corridors were foul smelling, the decoration concisted of a disgusting looking fish pond and a pile of rusted garbage right in front of the entrance of the hotel. And just as all these amenities weren't enough the staff was inexistent and ill-mannered. What really made the experience unforgettable for me was the waitress spraying amoniac based windex on the surrounding tables as I was trying to choke down there subminiature breakfast. And a final note on the free parking feature: you get to drive around until you find your own free parking spot! Needless to say that I was very disappointed and regret that I was mislead by some guides that were recommending this place as a decent hotel.	
Aug 16 2003	Cheap but Cheerless	If you're looking for old-world charm, pleasant Quebecois hospitality and a stress-free stay, this is not the hotel for you. The staff seemed hell-bent on redefining the words 'surly,' 'indifferent,' and 'ill-mannered.' An otherwise adequate experience was ruined by several early-morning calls from the front desk demanding that we move rooms to make way for other &quot;preferred&quot; guests. After clambering out of bed, and making it downstairs, we were given short-shrift by two charmless young ladies who gave us the keys to a second room, several floors down. Although exactly the same size, the new room reeked of stale cigarette smoke and was poorly lit. Only after 20 minutes of back and forth deliberation were we smugly told that we could have our original room after all. On the positive side, this hotel is centrally located, quiet and cheap (Note: you do get what you pay for -- spartan conditions, &quot;charming&quot; staff and a &quot;light&quot; continental breakfast -- (cookies and coffee)).	
Oct 8 2009 	Einen weiten Bogen machen!		
Oct 17 2008 	convenable mais quelques problemes		
