May 3 2009 	DISGUSTING! INFESTED WITH BUGS- HORRIBLE STAFF	I read the reviews and I thought this would be a good place to stay, but if you pay attention to the reviews, the last good one was before 2006. I know there isn't a Sam or Eddy there now. It is 3 Chinese brothers. I stayed there for a week, while I was touring the universities. The were so rude, just snooty in general, very nosy. I think they even go in your room when you aren't around. The place is infested with hookers, seriously. EVERY night, I heard guys coming in and out of rooms, loud sex. So noisy as well. Not safe, window latches broken. Fan in washroom broken. breakfast is literally bread and instant coffee.I woke up with bed bugs bites all over me, it became swollen and so itchy, and i mean all over. My boyfriend had it too. I went to 2 doctor's and they both told me it was bed bugs(Scabies). I was extremely upset. I gathered my things and was leaving, I told him I was not paying the remanding amount which was over 100, because I had to pay to see 2 doctor's ($60/each) as well as pay for a prescription. They grabbed me, my stuff, 2 guys (my bf wasn't there when I was leaving). They basically trapped me, finally I gave them half. I was so upset, crying. They yelled at me telling me It was my fault and there was no such thing as bed bugs. This isn't just the worst hotel, this family is beyond rude, no manners, disgusting people that would treat a GUEST this way. Someone that stayed over one week. They even treatened to call the cops on ME when I asked for a receipt. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE THIS PLACE NEEDS TO bE SHUT DOWN. IT IS DISGUSTING, INFESTED WITH PROSTITUES AND INSECTS,DO NOT GO HERE THERE ARE A TON OF HOTELS, YOU WILL REGRET IT.	
Aug 16 2007 	Bed Bug Central!	My boyfriend and I decided to stay in Montreal one night just for the fun of it. We walked in and asked for a room. It seemed to have some renovation going on, but we didn't care.During the evening my boyfriend kept saying he was being bitten by something, but there wasn't anything anywhere. When we finally did got o sleep he woke me at 4am yelling about there being bedbugs and him being bitten. Sure enough we throw on the lights and check the edges of the matress and there were bedbugs scurrying away as well as under my pillow. My boyfriends armes were red with the bites as was his torso. We went downstairs right away and told them there were bedbugs everwhere and we didn't want to stay there and wanted our money back. He pretended he didn't speak English. He wouldn't give us our money back. DON'T EVER GO THERE!! I would have been happy with my money back, after that I didn;t feel clean again until I got home and showered.They have BUGS! They know they have bugs, they weren't surprised. We even killed some bedbugs and left them on the nightstand!	
Aug 29 2006 	don't stay here...	This was the worst experience I've had at any hotel.the rooms are really dirty and miserable for the price you pay.this place is not recommended.	
Aug 24 2006 	Barely adequate.	I chose this place for a one night stay for my wife and I during our July 2005 vacation to Canada because of its location and price. The place appeared to be in the middle of renovation. Or rather, it appeared that our room had been recently renovated but the common areas still needed a lot of work.On the plus side: convenient location for tourist activities and the price was very reasonable.We hope to visit Montreal again but we will look for another place to stay, with the realization that it will likely cost substantially more.	
Aug 22 2006 	travel alert	This is the sleaziest hotel I've ever stayed in. Bedbugs...broken window latch...I can vouch that these are all true. For your own safety and peace of mind, please spend the extra dollars and book your stay at a commercial hotel. Spare yourself the added stress! We certainly learned our lesson.Hotel de L'Elysee should be closed down!	
Aug 15 2006 	Walked in and walked right back out!	i would not recomment this place to anyone. on the positve side, the hotel clerk did call me a taxi for me, which of course i took to a clean and safe hotel.	
Aug 7 2006 	Bed bugs!!!! Don't stay!!!!	I have stayed at many hotels in montreal...ranging from Taj Mahal to Hotel Gault, and this has to be the most disgusting experience I've ever had.We booked for the august long weekend, and ended up leaving after the first night. Please don't get fooled by the ideal location, it is a pig sty and infested with bed bugs. we didn't notice them until the next morning when I and my friend were literally covered with oozing welts on our faces and necks. We called for the manager, who never came. We demanded that someone come up to see the headboard and bed, and nobody came. We finally had to go down to the front desk and get the owner on the phone. The staff was unfriendly and spoke little english/french. I thought it fishy that they tried to charge me three nights, in advance. Do not sign anything until you inspect your room. If you don't want your vacation ruined and you don't want nasty oozing bites on your face, STAY ELSEWHERE!!!!!	
Jul 6 2006	Worst hotel stay ever	pros1)strategically located 2)reasonably pricedcons1)paper thin walls - if anyone is up.....you are up. Its not a hotel, it is a row home with hotel rooms in it.2)slightly seedy neighborhood3)unhelpful staff4)breakfast is ....no joke ...wonder bread, a toaster and horrible coffee5)hard to commuicate with front desk (english or french)....when some one is even there.I was very dissappointed with this Hotel. Where do I start. Well, let me start by saying this is my first review despite using tripadvisor many times. I felt I needed to save the next guy the headache I got with this hotel. I suspect that the ratings of this hotel may have been pumped up by friends or relatives of the owner because I usually find the reviews here to be on the money. I would also like to add that I have stayed at many value hotels before but there are certain expectations that even a value hotel should meet. First of all, it is indeed strategically well located. However, its immediate neighborhood is a little seedy. I felt like I needed to explain myself to wife as to why out hotel was in between rundown houses/hotels which homeless people are living in (boarded up windows and all) and drug deals and hookers about at nightime.Then there is the room. The toilet ran constantly and room had about two feet of space outside the parimeter of the mattress. Worst of all, the walls were paper thin. You could hear conversations going on in other rooms. We were awaken several time throughout the night by people coming in all ours of the night, coming up the steps carrying on drunk talk. Any normal hotel walls would blocked those sounds out. I tryed to converse with the front desk on several occasions and it was hit or miss depending on who was there and it was mostly miss. English or french. I got a parking ticket despite asking several times if my parking space was ok. Plus apon leaving I discovered my car had been struck while parked:(To be fareThis hotel was less then a block from the metro which is handy. It was a block from st denis which has many restaurants and shops. It was $100 +tax canadian when many other hotels wanted about $150+tax during the weekend of the 4th of July.All and all, I wouldn't stay here for free because I couldn't even get one restful night the whole time I was there.	
Mar 14 2006	It's a bit out of town	The location of this hotel was a bit far out of the city for my liking. Although only a 20 minute walk or three metro stops, it was too far for a tourist in winter with only three days to see it all. Although the street was safe and only 4 minute walk from the metro stop, I would much rather stay closer to the city centre. This is a very old building that has been recently renovated. It does need a lift however; it's not fun lugging your bags up all those stairs. The guys at the front desk are really nice, they let me use their internet for free. The room was quiet and spacious. The bathroom was rather small in comparison. I would not stay here again, only due to the hotel's out-of-town location.	
Feb 14 2006	Very Friendly	We spent two days in Montreal during our honeymoon.Since we hadn't booked any hotels we chose this hotel by tripadvisor because of its review.We have been very well. We couldn't stay there one day more because there wasn't rooms available but fortunately we met Sam (reception). He was so kind to help us to find an other hotel.This hotel could be compared with two/three stars european hotel.R&amp;G Italy	
Dec 16 2005 	Bad experience	I have just arrived from wonderful trip to Montreal. Unfortunately, Hotel de L'Elysee was not part of the &quot;wonderful&quot; equation. I had booked this hotel because I was looking for a cheaper place to stay, as I was only staying one night, and wanted the basics. I read all the reviews on Tripadvisor carefully, so it seemed to fit. I always use the tripadvisor reviews before booking a hotel, and have never been disapointed. Once I arrived I did have help from one gentleman who helped bring my luggage up the stairs. I asked him if there was and breakfast and he said no. That was fine with me, but I did think it odd, as it was mentioned in the other reviews that they provided a small breakfast. Once I got back in from my meetings, I was looking forward to sleeping, as I had an early and busy day the next day. At 2.30 AM in the morning, I woke up absolutely freezing. The weather was about -22 degrees outside, and it felt that cold inside also. I went to call downstairs to see what was happening, and I realized that my room had no electricity! So, I got up out of bed, went downstairs. While I was going down, I realized that the two floors below me were heated! Once I arrived to the main level, there man behind the counter who proceeded to tell me that the electricity was now put on again. What? Why did he turn off the electricity on my floor? How unbelievable is that? It took forever for the room to heat up. It also took me over an hour to fall asleep, this time fully dressed with my pyjamas, and my sweater on and jacket on top of the two bed sheets provided. The next morning, I didn't even get an apology from the same man who was there at 2.30 AM or was asked how my stay was. I am polite, flexible and don't have a chip on my shoulder. I am usually very happy wherever I stay. I have stayed in different types of hotel ratings from hostels to the Four Seasons(five star).I will never ever again stay in this hotel, and I will never recommend it.	
Nov 22 2005	Very friendly and clean	I went with a group of friends, 7 in total. We stayed in 2 rooms. Elysee was one of the few clean and decent small hotls/bed &amp; breakfast. Upon our return in the evening, there would be a clean sets of towels. Upon request, they would bring up a hair dryer, pretty quickly. Some of us knew French BUT were rusty. Cesar &amp; Eddie were friendly and nice enough to call local restaurants and tour places for us. We were also able to leave messages for each other at the front desk. The place is not in the center of things but it was easily accesible. Would go again.	
Nov 18 2005	Incredibly Convenient Location 	The best part of the hotel was not only the friendly service (especially Sam!) but the location. We flew into the Dorval airport, took the airport shuttle ($13.50 Canadian) and it dropped us off literally less than a minute's walk from the hotel. It was very easy to find. Sam was great and carried our luggage 4 flights of stairs - that was wonderful.We were able to walk to Old Montreal and also to Downtown area with ease. The Berry-UQAM metro stop (note this was an intersecting stop meaning it connected to other lines) was also right on the corner. The Banque Nationale was only a couple of blocks away on St. Catherine Street - it had the best exchange rate. There is a wonderful crepe place around the corner on Maisonneuve and we loved the La Brioche Lyonnaise right on St. Denis, a 5-minute walk.Service was great. When I needed a hair dryer, they came up immediately. They also assisted with using a calling card that we had just purchased. The bathrooms were clean and in good condition and we got fresh towels every day.We will definitely stay here again next time we come to Montreal.	
Nov 13 2005	Great value and location	We would definitely stay in this hotel again. The room was very clean though small. The location was great. Parking not a problem we got a spot on the street right in front of the hotels entrance. Good free coffee and croisants in the morning. The only complaint was towels the size of washcloths, would bring my own next time. Overall this is a great limited service hotel that is perfect for travelers who only like to use their hotel room as a place to sleep and shower.	
Nov 8 2005	Can't Beat Price 	A group of us stayed here over the weekend and got a great deal. In addition to it's very reasonable rates, parking was free and conveniently in front of the hotel. The service was overall very good-Sam &amp; Edy were especially helpful &amp; cordial. Thanx to Sam's recommendation, a friend &amp; I enjoyed lunch at a great Crepes place a mere 5 min walk away. You just can't beat the price, the clean rooms, service &amp; LOCATION.	
Oct 21 2005	Great hotel for a great price	We were only going for a weekend and we just found this hotel on expedia. We checked the ratings and decided to give it a shot. Who would've thought that the hotel would turn out this great. We were so impressed. The staff there was very friendly, the rooms were clean and just the right size and, the hotel was close to everything. We would definetly go back again and recommend it to other travellers who are heading to Montreal.	
Oct 21 2005	decent room surly attitude	My daughter and I stayed here for our last night of a 6 day trip to Montreal &amp; Quebec City. (Earlier part of the trip stayed at the excellent Hotel XIX Siecle in Vieux Montreal, but decided to save money for our last night.) Chose this hotel based on good reviews for value and cleanliness. Place was a bit shabbier/plainer than we expected from the reviews but overall room cleanliness was very good for the price. Unfortunately construction going on across and up the street awakened us at 7AM with very loud digging equipment, saws, etc., but that's not the hotel's fault. The surly attitude by the morning front desk person makes me give this place a resounding negative. First, he knocked on our door to inform us that check out time was 11AM--as if we had overstayed, when in fact it was 10 minutes before 11 and we were preparing to leave. Then, he yelled at us for using an upstairs exit door and stairway to bring down a large suitcase. The desk person the day before had allowed us to use this more convenient and less narrow/twisty staircase when we checked in and we assumed it was ok to take the same route for our departure. (The indoor stairway is very narrow and winding and I feared that I'd scrape the walls with my suitcase if I had to bring it up &amp; down that way.) I apologized and tried to explain to him that we had been given permission by the gentleman working the desk the day before, but he just repeated that we were &quot;never&quot; to use that exit and that he didn't care what we'd been told. (Note that I am a woman traveling with my 18 year old daughter, and we did not ask for nor expect any assistance with the suitcase.) I would never stay here again due to his lack of courtesy and overall sour attitude.	
Sep 20 2005	Hotel de L'Elysee - Highly Recommended	When we visited Montreal recently, we were looking for hotel with reasonable rates close to the Old City. TripAdvisor reviews of this hotel were consistently positive, and we decided to take a chance. We're very glad we did, and we would definitely stay at the Hotel de l'Elysée again.Not only is the location great - just a stone's throw from the fabulous restaurants of rue St-Denis and a mere 15-20 minute walk from the Old City - but the staff is outstanding. Many of the TripAdvisor reviews laud Sam at the front desk, and rightly so. Sam ROCKS! The moment we showed up, he was there to let us in and help us up the stairs with our bags. He was an invaluable source of information on everything from where to eat to where we could find a free parking spot for the whole weekend. The entire staff was friendly, and pleased to speak in both English and French (they were extremely tolerant of _mon français mal_!)I was travelling with two other people, and we had a room with one queen and one double bed. The room was small, but clean and charming with a private bath, TV, and phone, and the rate was excellent. If you're not able or willing to climb stairs, you may wish to request a room on one of the lower floors; ours was on the top (fourth), and we didn't mind the exercise. Free parking was available (including overnight, all weekend) just a few steps away on both sides of rue St-Hubert. There is also a cute restaurant practically next door that serves early breakfast - we found Montreal does not rise early on the weekend.It rained to beat the band Saturday afternoon, but the location on St-Hubert is also a great starting point for an auto tour of the city's sights, not far from Sherbrooke if you want to see the Olympic Village, or from Mont Royal if you want to tour the swanky heights. And Ile St-Helene is just across the Jacques Cartier Bridge by car if you want to check out the Biosphere or Habitat '67.Hotel d L'Elysée is no-frills, great value, and perfect for the traveller who is on the go. We'd highly recommend it, and book ahead! We will be next time we visit Montreal.	
Sep 20 2005 	Bravo!	Excellent value! The host was most helpful....recommended excellent restaurants, shopping, called taxis,... Even tracked us down at a nearby restaurant when a mistake in our room assignment was recognized...Would definitely stay at this hotel again...proximity to metro, St-Denis, St-Laurent, 20 minute walk to Old Montréal,....	
Sep 11 2005	Very Convenient Hotel.	Everything is close by. Subway, bus station, restaurants, old Montreal etc. Very very clean. Friendly staff. We had a good time.	
Sep 9 2005	Hotel de L'Elysee is the best deal in town!	My girlfriend and I spent a lovely 4 days in Montreal over the Labor Day weekend. We chose Hotel de L'Elysee due to its previous reviews on TripAdvisor.com and its wonderful location. The hotel was fantastic! The rooms were VERY clean and the staff was really helpful and friendly! The desk manager went out of his way to find restaurants and parking for us! He also gave us great suggestions as where to eat and places to visit in his city. I would highly suggest staying at Hotel de L'Elysee if you choose to visit Montreal. It is located in the heart of the Latin Quarter and only two blocks from St. Denis, one of the hippest areas of Montreal. We had a great time and will stay at Hotel de L'Elysee whenever we visit Montreal!	
Sep 2 2005	Great Place to stay	My Husband and I recently spent 4 days at the Hotel De L Elysee in Montreal, Canada. I found it through trip advisor and it had some good reviews. The hotel is very clean, the beds are super comfortable and Sam, the manager, was terrific. If we needed anything he would practically run to our room to provide it and even checked out parking spaces for us (parking is not included, but there is a lot nearby). It has little in the way of amenities, no gym, room service, etc, but for those of us who spend most of out time out of the hotel, it's perfect. The price is extremely reasonable and the location is great - several blocks from major restaurants and within walking distance of Old Montreal. We will certainly stay there again.nnooodles	
Aug 29 2005	Very Clean Great Staff Ext. Accomodating	I was not expecting much because the price was so inexpensive, but I was pleasently surprised. At arrival the host saw me struggling with my luggage and asked if he could help. I declined and he assured the help was at no cost, I guess he sensed my gun shyness. He also walked me to a parking spot on the block and helped me squeeze into a spot that would let me park for free for a few nights. The room was small but who cares it was just me and my wife and we spent all of our time except sleeping in the town, BUT most importantly the room was very clean and the bathroom was spotless. The hotels location is very convenient, the metro stop Berri-Uquam is right up the block. All in all this hotel experience left me feeling very satisfied, and the whole Montreal vacation in general was amazing- Great Fun!!	
Aug 29 2005	I am coming back here.	Everything good about this hotel has already been said. I was looking for a central place to stay... so I could explore Montreal easily. The price we got for the hotel was much less than I had anticipated it would be... so I was prepared for less than the best... but I got more than I asked for.The room was immaculately clean. I have stayed in placed 4X as expensive without the rooms being as clean. The room we had was not very large. But why are you going to Montreal anyway, to sit in your room and watch TV? We parked our car across the street for 3 days... and walked EVERYWHERE (except the Biodome, for which the subway is a 2 minute walk from the hotel) I was not disappointed at all with this place and the hospitality of Sam and the other guy (sorry other guy... I didn’t catch your name) will make you feel at ease and at home.Montreal on the whole seems to have a high level of homeless people. Someone mentioned that this hotel was in a seedy area... but to be honest... the areas that did not seem to be seedy to me, had no hotels in them either... just galleries. Hotel de L'Elysee felt very secure. I intend to return there, and as long as the price remains as reasonable as it is, I will not even shop around.By the way... very close to this hotel is an Italian restaurant called &quot;Ristorante Napoli Pizzeria.&quot; You MUST go there, buy a BOTTLE of wine and order one of their pizzas! Just thinking about how good the food was, brings a tear to my eye.ENJOY!	
Jul 14 2005	nice 	Clean room. Reasonable price. The Italian staff was extremely nice &amp; easy to communiicate, but the other guy needed professional training in his attitude. No AC, no drinking water.	
Jul 11 2005	Rude staff and extra charges appearing on my credit card	I was giving a price on a phone discussion for staying at this hotel.When I arrived there I paid the amount we agreed on but I was told I've made &quot;a good deal&quot; because am getting a &quot;different&quot; room. At the check out the service guy (Eddy) asked me for an extra charge motivated by the &quot;extra-quality&quot; of the room I was given.Having no consent from my side the final invoice remained with the initial amount.When I got home and checked my account I was astonished to see they charged the amount they wanted on my credit card without my authorization.	
May 24 2005	This place is awful	We made a reservation one evening and called the next day to change it from 3 to 2 days. They told us we could not do that because it was Memorial Day weekend, and there was a minimum stay of 3 nights. If we wanted to cancel the 3 nights we could. We said we would call back. We called back 10 minutes later to cancel the 3 nights and talked to another person who would not allow us to cancel, despite what their other representative told us. When we told them we were not happy, they hung up on us. They claimed we hung up on them. They kept insisting that we needed to check their website to know their cancellation policy. I said that we did not make the reservation through their website, and it was not our responsibility to know their policy. If one representative tells us we can cancel, we are going to believe them. The customer service was AWFUL, and we are very forgiving travelers. I would strongly recommend against this place.	
May 24 2005	Great value and location	My friend and I stayed at Hotel de L'Elysee in the Latin Quarter district for 5 days from May 18-22 and had a large room that was clean and had a nice bathroom that had been recently renovated. The location was great as this brown stone hotel was half a block away from the Berri UQAM metro station and the bus station. In addition, it was two blocks from Rue St.Denis where there are a lot of great stores, restaurants and bars.Eddy at the hotel was extremely friendly and would offer suggestions for site seeing and for restaurants. I would recommend this hotel as it is a basic no frills hotel that is clean, good value for your money, the staff are helpful and the location is great.	
May 5 2005	A great place to stay		
Apr 18 2005	Within walking distance to major attractions.		
Apr 5 2005	Amazing value great location fantastic staff		
Jan 18 2005	Such a great value!		
Nov 24 2004	We do recommend it		
Oct 17 2004	Fair enough for low season		
Aug 29 2004	loved the hotel		
Jul 3 2007	Tres mauvais hotel		
Jun 6 2007 	Beaucoup mieux que L'Année Passer		
