Oct 13 2009 	Just as long as it is clean....	I guess as long as the room is clean I am okay with it. It did have 2.5 stars on Hotwire.com, so I was happy with what we did get although initially I was leary about booking it. What swayed me is that it was the only one listed on Hotwire.com offering breakfast. My girlfriend &amp; I spent just 2 nights there.PROS:1) The room was clean and the bathroom spotless although it did not have a clean fresh smell, a little Febreeze would have been nice. 2) The room had a small frig and enough utensils and cups for 2 people but no dishes.3) They provided you dishwashing liquid &amp; sponge.4) Breakfast which included your basic continental offerings did its job in keeping our bellies full until late afternoon. You could toast your bagels or sliced bread. In addition to hot beverages, the only hot breakfast item that you could make was oatmeal from packets &amp; hotwater.5) It was close to the Metro.6) You are within walking distance to many eateries.7) Beds were nice and firm, not so soft as where you can feel every spring. It was just right for me.8) You had a coffee maker in your room but don't ask for extra coffee unless you are willing to pay a dollar more.9) Staff helpful and hospitable, although there was the microwave incident.10) Room with two double beds was roomy. In fact it was more roomy then most other 2 bedded rooms that I have stayed in.8) If you are an older person in your late 40's that loves to dance to contemporary dance music you may want to check out Club Thursdays on Rue Crescent. We found that it was happening on Saturday night, with an older crowd. Unless you are drinking shots of straight liquor, I would advise to stay with beer. The mixed drinks sucked! CONS:1) NO MICROWAVE OR STOVE even though it was listed in Hotwire.com ($65 including tax per night). As soon as we arrived we had asked for a microwave and we're told that one would be delivered to us...it never came!2) I was amazed at the number of derelicts they had in that immediate area. Although my girlfriend and I (2 females) did not feel fearful, they were annoying with their begging. We are from the NYC area and nowadays you don't see as many beggars in Manhattan as we saw in Downtown Montreal, we were astonished!3) The hotel's parking is underneath a nearby hotel, it is down a steep narrow one lane driveway (be careful not to scratch the side of your car). From what we saw there is only one way in and one way out, which is quite dangerous, since it very narrow. It is a very small parking garage with 3 levels and you CAN'T park on level 1 closest to the entry/exit. If you are claustrophobic this is definitely not for you, since the ceiling height is low as well. I don't believe an SUV would fit in it. I don't believe it is worth $15 plus taxes per day parking fee since parking right next to hotel in an open lot is just $10.75 per day but as I read on internet, the attendant (in the open lot) does not stay there all night so your car may disappear. I didn't want to take the risk especially with NJ license plates. There has to be cheaper alternatives nearby but I didn't have the chance to investigate. Parking in downtown Montreal is expensive but then again nothing beats Manhattan in terms of ridiculous parking prices. Like I once told a Manhattan attendant, &quot;I don't want to buy the parking space, I just want to borrow it for a short while!&quot;4) As tourists you can no longer recoup the taxes you paid on goods you purchased. Canada terminated that program in April of 2007 although if you purchased your hotel/tour package as part of a tour group, those taxes you can still recoup. Ah shucks!5) Getting back to the hotel there were no dressers or bureaus to layout your clothing, only closets. 6) Our box springs appeared to be filthy; mine with what appeared to be coffee stains. The hotel would be well advised to steam clean &amp; cover up those box springs with bed skirts.8) Do not take a room that faces the main streets. We were awakened to the sounds of the derelicts arguing in front of the hotel, traffic and street cleaning (in the very early morning hours). 7) It was rare to see a Montreal Police Officer in the streets, it would have given me a greater sense of security. Although I hear that Montreal is pretty safe, hey but you never know! Crazy people are all around.I have included pictures of our room that were not included in the Hotel's website.All in all, I would stay at the Hotel Le Roberval again.	
Oct 12 2009 	3 sleepless nights	So It was said that I`d have a kitchnete adn I had it, but thingk about trailer park kitchen and you can get the idea. NO ice trays in the fridge and no ice machine in the ``hotel`` plus you have to pay extra 25 to have dishes doneI always travel on a budget but I have never been in a hotel where there where 2 human hairs waiting for me in the bath tube.Them the corridors are covered in tytle therefore any woman wearing heels seemed to be stomping inside my bedroom.Being a cheap hotel atracts a cheap clientele that has no respect for other people`s need to rest and they come yieling and screaming at any hour and the staff doesn`t bother to do something.I have no idea how it is rated 3 stars as evrything is so run down.Internet use is trough a cable that you have to pick up at the front deskIt just goes from bad to worse	
Oct 8 2009 	Good for the price	No complaints. An awful lot of furniture in the room and a ceiling fan would be nice. Staff, location, amenities, cleanliness all fine. Nothing fancy, not &quot;quaint&quot; or even really modern, but a good place for the price.	
Jul 14 2009 	Suite with barely adequate air conditioning	Suite was clean but spare. Pictures on internet are misleading - suite appears larger and more spacious than it is (wide angle lens). Suite has one wall air conditioner in bedroom to service the whole suite. A/C noisy. Wireless internet access promised does not exist. Wired internet broken; staff was called, and eventually on second day, wired internet repaired. Front desk staff placed a credit card hold of $100 on my credit card, but failed to advise me that it was hotel policy. Maid service was not done until the third day of a 3 day stay. Not a good value for service received. I've traveled to Montreal for years, and, for the price, there are many other options with better accommodations.	
Jul 12 2009 	Very Clean 	I really don't know what people are talking about. This Hotel is perfect! Very clean, excellent location &amp; never experienced any problems. It's walking distance to many attractions &amp; the &quot;Metro&quot; (subway). I would definately go back.	
May 16 2009 	The hotel's name should be "How much money can we take you for"	I should have listened to the other reviewers here. This place is terrible. From the start: Get to the hotel and check in. I have to pay for parking, 15 a night plus tax. Fine, whatever, that's 45 plus tax (which I know is something like 15% here, 3% hotel tax, 5% for goods and services (GST) and 7.5% for the Quebec sales tax). Then I get something faxed to me and they tell me when I go to pick it up that it's 60 cents per page plus tax! What??? Even copying sheets at the library is only 10 cents a page so why 60 cents? Is there a paper shortage in Montreal??? Ok, so I ask about the internet and am told I need an ethernet cable. They say they'll provide me one and that it is free. Fine. So I checked my bank account online today and I see a charge for 85 dollars... I haven't use room service or anything like that, and even with the parking and the 1.20 for the 2 sheets of paper and tax, that does not equal 85 dollars. So I just went to the front desk and asked about it. They deny putting the charge there and say they only charge a 100 dollar security fee and that at the end of the stay it will be taken off. Only there is no 100 dollar security fee on my account, just this unaccounted for 85 dollar charge... Stay as far away from this place as you can. I was walking to the hotel, about 20 feet away from the entrance and there was a used condom on the ground. BAD PLACE TO STAY. Money grubbing, facetious staff and poorly maintained rooms (cracks in the floor, hole in the counter). At least we photographed the stuff so they shouldn't be able to charge us anything. I'm sure they will try though. Also, long term construction is going on right next to the hotel. Looks like they're erecting a new building and are just in the foundation pouring phase. It's sad when you spend your trip, on vacation, awaiting your return home. That's just pathetic. These people should be ashamed of themselves.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't go to this Hotel	I had a very bad experience.They are very materialist. they wouldn't consider you as a person. all they interest them is to make you pay more.Bad roomsBad serviceBad everythingPatricya	
Apr 23 2009 	Amazing Hotel	My best friend and I stayed at Le Roberval for a long weekend ... Our rooms was great; full kitchen (large fridge, stove/over, microwave, sink, cupboards with pots/pans/plates), dining table in kitchen. The bathroom was basic, but VERY clean. The only downside was the fact that we were expecting two beds, but there was only one in the room which didn't bother us at all since we're close friends. This hotel does not have the &quot;typical tacky decor&quot; seen in most cheaper hotels ... the bedroom had an exposed brick wall and a wrought iron bedframe; very &quot;european&quot; look to it. The staff were very friendly, the free breakfast was basic, but good. Another big plus about this hotel is that it is downtown; a very short walk to the nightlife/clubs/bars/restaurants. I would definitely return to this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 26 2009 	Clean Priced Right Close To Everything	After a lengthy search to find a CLEAN, place to stay for the weekend I decided on the Roberval, being from Montreal I wanted a central place to stay close to the Metro but foremost CLEAN, The Roberval did not disappoint me. We had 2 quad rooms, there were 8 of us, going to see the Habs play Toronto. Both rooms had 2 double beds, your typical TV, bathroom, chair. writing table, and an additional sink with limited cutlery. Which was fine I did not plan on cooking, I noticed they had had outlets for a stove in both rooms but both stoves had been taken out. The hotel is now dedicated to Non smoking, on every floor. The parking is $15.00 per night but is in a secured underground parking area. The breakfast was included each morning from 7-10 for all occupants, it was bagels yogurt toast cereal coffee tea orange juice. Not bacon and eggs but enough to keep you happy and on your way. The hotel is walking distance to St. Catherines as well as many attractions. The casino (I would take my vehicle there is about 15 minutes away, the front desk will give you a map to get you there if you ask). The metro which is an excellent underground subway system is in walking distance from the hotel.. We got a day pass unlimited for $9.00 each. We took the Metro to the Bell Centre, we preferred to just keep our car in the hotel parking since it can be a bit dicy getting a parking spot in Montreal, and we would just have to pay for additional parking anyway. The cost for each room was $125.00 plus tax. Compared to other hotels I had had my friends (who still reside in Montreal check out) this was by far the best. Something I should add is I hate the way usual hotel rooms have carpeting everywhere and who knows what has been on it. At the Roberval a good portion of it was tiling which is good especially if you have allergies. The limited carpeting that was on the floor was immaculate. I know other reviews have said that it was not quite what they expected and I can see by the pictures on the web site it had to have been prior to the renovation which was going on in the small lobby when we arrived. But if you want a CLEAN, well located hotel and don't want to pay $200.00 per night for a bed to sleep in this should be your pick. When we first approached the entrance it almost looked like an apartment and the lobby is a bit on the small side, but we were not there to hang around a lobby nor were we there to sit in a hotel bar (which they do not have), we were there to sleep and go out and enjoy the night life of Montreal. I hope your stay is as pleasant as our was, we could not have asked for anything better. I have told my friends in Toronto about this hotel and will be making this hotel my place to stay anytime I am in Montreal again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Never stay there they are cheats and liers	I booked the hotel for a 3 night stay through Hotels.com over the phone and asked specifically that time to the agent while booking if the parking was included because parking is ridiculously priced in Montreal and can be very expensive. I was specifically told multiple times by the representative that it is included with the cost of renting the rooms and Iwould not be charged anything extra for it. I was told multiple times since I asked multiple times specifically about the parking charges. Anyways when I went to Montreal to rent the room, I was told my Mr, Samuel who was sitting on the front desk that night, that the parking charges were not included in my hotel stay and I would have to pay extra for it; when I explained to him that I was told so specifically by the booking agent that the parking is included in the cost of renting the room, this guy agreed to it and told me it's not a problem and he would put that in the contract and I wouldn't have to pay any extra for it. Total lie!When I was checking out at the end of my 3 night stay there the front desk person tells me that I owe them $51 extra for the parking charges in additon to the room charges that were already paid and they would charge my credit card for that. When I interrupted her and told that I was assured during my check in by the front desk person that the parking charges will not be charged extra she says she is not aware of any such thing and they are entitled to being paid for the parking charges. When I asked to be spoken to with the person who checked me in she tell me that he is not here now. After much deliberation and wait I was made to talk to a supervisior on the phone who kept repeating the same thing. When I asked to speak to her in person she maid me wait &gt; 30 min in the lobby and when she did come she said the same statement as she uttered over the phone. When I asked her to speak to htis Samuel guy for clarifying the matter myself, she said she would tak to him herself when he comes back to work that night. when I asked her to call me about the results of her discussion with her later that day she said she would and she even took down by number. She also said she would not charge my credit card till she speaks t o this guy. Anyways, the outome of the matter, she never called me back,though I expected at least a courtesy call from her and after a month of my stay there, I see my credit card being charged for their exorbitant parking charges. The name of their supervisor was Viviane. I advise anyone going to Montreal to be aware of this parking scam where they make try desperately to make more money;And if you have to pay for it, you can use other open garages that are much cheaper and/or stay in a better hotel that would charge for the parking but at least would have better services.Total liers/crooks.	
Mar 18 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews... it's FINE!	I don't know what these people are complaining about. Le Roberval is a 2.5 star hotel and is much nicer than most other hotels with that rating. For $96/night we got a spacious suite with living room, bedroom, kitchenette, bathroom with tub, and balcony. It also included high-speed internet (wired), breakfast, and parking. It was clean, relatively comfortable, and the service was fine. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants to stay close to the village. It's an easy 5 minute walk. It's also an easy 10 minute walk to the old town. Just be aware that the parking lot is off-site. It's across the street and the parking garage is very small and scary. I didn't mind, but I wouldn't recommend women traveling alone to use the garage.	
Sep 10 2008 	Absolutely Terrible - Spend the Extra Money and Never Stay Here	This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I stayed here with 5 friends at the end of August of 2008. We loved the idea of the family suites where we could all stay in the same unit together. We should have went with two rooms at a Best Western.When we go there we were immediately a little disappointed.. the room was very dim and not as large as advertised. Only one bathroom as well. The floor was cold and the bathroom didn't steamed up very quickly. Since we thought we were getting a good deal we let that slide. The next day we realized that staff didn't come and clean the rooms, once again we let that slide. We asked for more towels, none came. Let that one slide too. We were in Montreal having a good time and didn't want the hotel to ruin it. We checked out at the end of our trip and thought that would be the end of it.About a week after we left my credit card was charged for an extra 141 dollars. After calling the hotel I was informed that this was for:a) a 25 dollar charge for leaving dishes in the sinkb) a 100 dollar charge for a leak in the bathroom.Now, if you were paying 800 dollars for three nights at a hotel room, would you not expect that if you left a few cups in the sink that would be alright? We saw no documentation of this charge.As for the leak in the bathroom, we had been having troubles with our toliet for the entire stay and had mentioned this to them on check out, but alas, that doesn't matter apparently. When I called them they repeatedly denied that we told them about the leak or that there was no documentation of the dish rule present in the rooms. I've found their staff very difficult to deal with and would never recommend this hotel to anyone.Spring for one of the other hotel's in the area. The rooms will be nicer, the service better, and you won't wind up with a whole lot of stress after your vacation.	
Sep 2 2008 	Good value but only smoking rooms	The room was large and had a clean kitchenette. The only problem is that I booked a non smoking room to find out that most rooms are for smokers and so we also got one. It was clean, but the smell was terrible. We had found a last minute offer so the price was good and the location is amazing but I would not stay there again unless I have a non-smoking room.	
Sep 1 2008 	Super value	Very clean and large room. Good location near interesting attractions. Very good breakfast.	
Aug 20 2008 	Ok for the price	We drove from NYC for an Independence Day vacation, stayed for 3 nights. Overall, if you did some traveling in large cities you know that you can't expect anything special from $140/night hotel. You get what you pay for - basic (and hopefully) no-nosense service.Good things about Roberval: location - couple of block walk to Rue St Denis (and the rest of Latin Quarter) colorful restaurants/shopping, 5 min drive to Old City; rooms - we had a clean suite w/ kitchen, tiny bedroom and sofa/pull-down-bed in another room; breakfast - fresh and nice: croissants, bagels, coffee, fruit salad; no problem service - rooms cleaned (garbage taken, towels changed, sheets changed), girls downstairs always friendly. Kitchen was Ok - gas oven, fridge, no dirty plates or pots as others wrote (even though we brought our own little pot - just in case). Oh, had we known that smoker rooms had balconies we would have opted for one.Not so good: underground parking ($15) is in the building accross the street/around the corner - very annoying b/c you do need a car to move around Montreal (not exactly a tiny city); TV - old tiny hardly visible, 15 louzy channels (half French); view - on the parking or a street, nothing to write about.	
Aug 3 2008 	Better than expected..	I stayed there for a night with wife and 2 kids. Room was small but clean and kitchen had all basic appliances. The bed was in a separate room. The kids slept on the sofa bed (when of those that open up). Internet access was complimentary with excellent speed but required an Ethernet cable (no Wi-Fi). Breakfast was and excellent and also complimentary. There is also a computer in the lobby anyone can use. Parking costs $15/day. You may park for free overnight on a back street until 9:00am. Hotel location is very convenient and close to many attractions. Staff at front desk was very friendly and helpful. This hotel was great deal for the money. Definitely recommended for budget travelers.	
Jul 29 2008	some glitches-but ironed out!!	over all a good value but webooked it thru the quebec wayside booth and found they had wanted 15 extra for our daughter to stay even though we had a reservation printed for 3!! i insisted we hold firm and they did that but what a hassle entering after a long drive and getting the stonewall there! not professional- the night staff. we liked the clean rooms but were upset that the kitchen was there and that we had to clean the cups and coffee maker or not get our 250 usd deposit back! good location for the village, old port and china town the metro is right behind ! oh and the parking is very compact so if you are bigger truck use another lot! good breakfast and coffee!	
May 14 2008 	Not a bad hotel for the price	Overall stay was a pleasant one. The staff were helpful and friendly.We booked our hotel in Montreal this time based on price and location (we were heading to the Jacques Villeneuve circuit the next day) and kept in mind that it was only going to be used for one night to lay our heads. This was a good choice for that. It is in the vicinity of the University of Quebec, and must have been residences during the school year or something because each room was a mini-suite that came with a separate bedroom and bathroom from the kitchen and living room area. We ended up having to switch rooms 3 times because the first room had no working air conditioning and the second room had the same plus there was work being done to the stove and kitchen area (they should have really check on this room before we tried it). Once we got settled into our third room, it was deemed satisfactory, a working airconditioner, appliances and clean bathroom. The TV remote needed a change in batteries but then again we were not spending lots of time there.Outside the building was a little shady in that the buildings around it were a little dilapitated and when you walked up to St. Catherine street, there were quite a few homeless people close by. But being at the corner of Beri St and Rene Levesque we were very close to shopping on St Catherine St, St Denis St. and St Laurent where there are many great cafes and restaurants to choose from. One restaurant on St Catherine we enjoyed was called De Giovanni's where they served awesome pasta. They must make it fresh daily, and you should see the meatballs!! Here is a review: http://restomontreal.ca/restaurants/index.php?section=viewresto&amp;resto_id=601&amp;show=ratings&amp;lang=enWe only paid $92 for the night and got a huge continental breakfast included with the price in the basement floor of their building in a little cafe restaurant. Served was juice and coffee, hot/cold cereal, yogurt, real Montreal bagels with jam or cream cheese, toast, fruit salad muffins. A real tasty treat first thing in the morning! Advice: don't settle ont he first room you get, there are also hotels int he area like the Hotel Lord Berri and another around the corner that are all part of the same company but I think a slight bit more expensive.	
Oct 16 2007	not so good	The concpet of a kitchen in the hotel room is great but if it is not cleaned it is a disgusting idea. It does not make any sense to pay extra money to have a kitchen cleaned and it makes even less sense to not clean it at all. The room was big and comfortable, but we had to kill some bugs when we were there. I am now having trouble sleeping in my own bed becuase when I returned home from this vacation with a rash I learned that these were bed bugs and now fear that my own home is invested with this disgusting insect. I will never stay at this hotel again and if anyone reading this decides to stay here I would suggest not staying in room 510 becuase the couch is infested with bed bugs.	
Jul 31 2006	good value	We crossed the border from the States into Canada and called at the Tourist info. They were very helpful and booked us into this hotel. We were a little worried about the distance from the centre and the external appearance. However once inside we were pleasantly suprised, helpful reception. Our room came complete with fully equipped kitchen, the room was basic but very clean and a good size. The walk into central Montreal was fine.	
Sep 6 2005	Basic hotel- but not recommended	Upon checking in we got a small, dark room with lingering nicotine smell, with windows that face directly to the next building brick wall. We insisted to switch to a better room! We then finally got a decent room, only to be surprised that maids do not clean the kitchen area. So you can imagine how dirty the pots, glasses, and utensils are. I mean do guests really care to clean stuffs they use? It's not like they'll use it again.The breakfast was OK. But on first morning there, my b/f found lipstick marks in his juice glass. That just put an ick factor to the meal.The hotel doesn't seem to be professionally run either. This is just not what I expect from a hotel. It looks more like a cheap motel. The bed is uncomfortable and the linen looks dirty too. The best thing abt this place is location. The Berri Metro where 2 other metro lines intersect, is right around the corner. It's also 15 mins walk to old montreal, abt 10 mins walk to chinatown. The hotel is located in the latin quarter area. The location can't be beat. Next time I'll stay somewhere else. I will never come back to this hotel again!	
May 24 2005	Enjoyed stay	Cute very very clean hotel, full kitchen in the rooms and table and chairs. Breakfast was ok but you have to stay in the small breakfast room and eat instead of going to your room.	
Oct 4 2004	Great Location and Price	I have stayed at Le Roberval on two occasions and have a reservation for a weekend in November. The hotel is located in the Latin Quartier near the UQAM-Berri subway. The suites are nice with hardwood floors, exposed brick walls and plenty of windows and nice little kitchenettes. Most recently my bedroom was located on the front of the bldg but it was quiet since the rooms are soundproofed with double windows. I used to stay at the Gouverneur Place Dupuis just down the street and the prices there just keep escalating. Le Roberval also has apts for those who need a place for longer stays. I highly recommend this establishment for the great location, price and friendly staff.	
Aug 27 2004	Nice hotel Great Location	Hi, i recently stayed at the Hotel Le Roberval (August 23-26). The place had good value for your money. The rooms were comfortable, and clean. The kitchenette didn't have a lot of plates and such, but was good enough. The hotel is located in a good area, close to many of the popular streets. The area was safe--there was no hesitation to walk around at night. I would reccomend the hotel, and plan on returning.	
May 8 2004	Not too bad	I've stayed at Le Roberval twice, most recently in April 2004. Lots of good things about it. The location is outstanding (it's on a quiet corner, yet is only one long block from the busiest Metro station in Montreal, and walking distance to the lively Quartier Latin to the north and even Chinatown to the west). I believe all the rooms are studios...roomy, with kitchenettes (including a large refrigerator). The staff is very pleasant and helpful. It's not perfect....towels were very worn and linty, for example....but if you can get a good rate, it's an excellent value.	
Nov 12 2009 	insalubre		
Oct 24 2009 	Quelle belle découverte!		
Sep 3 2009 	parfait		
Aug 19 2009 	à recommander		
Aug 7 2009 	Un très bon compromis		
Jul 25 2009 	Je n'y retournerai pas...		
Feb 25 2009 	Superbe accueil		
Feb 7 2009 	Très bien		
Nov 17 2008 	bon rapport qualite prix		
Sep 18 2008 	banal		
Jul 4 2008	Tr?s bon rapport qualit? prix .		
