	This was a beautiful hotel with impeccable service.	I have stayed in many five star hotels, but none with service as good as at the Hotel Le St. James. From the doormen, to the front desk clerk (and the absolutely beautiful room keys - not plastic cards) and to the restaurant servers - nothing was lacking. I felt as though I was their most important guest. Very different from the next night when I stayed at the Chateau Laurier in Ottawa, though I usually am a fan of Fairmonts. I stayed in a junior suite which was very large and had very, very good amenities. Every detail was very well done. No scrapes on the walls or dust on the furniture. The bathroom was spacious with a separate and immaculately clean tub and very nice shower. I am a sound sensitive person and did not hear a peep from outside the room, though I was close to an elevator.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 26 2009 	Divine.	Everything about this hotel was simply divine, I have nothing bad to say about it what-so-ever. It's gorgeous, and it has very well-trained staff, and the food is amazing. It's ramontic elegance, with modern chic added in. Exquisite.	
Nov 25 2009 	Superior Luxury Accomodations and Service.	Simply superb! Couldn't ask for better service or more comfortable accomodations. My wife loved the Molten Brown bath products, our suite was spacious and melded the old and new seamlessly. Situated in an old bank building, Le Saint James features high ceilings (12 feet?) and period architectural details combined with modern amenities...and it all works spectacularly. Well worth the stay, especially if you can get a deal for a little more than $200/night, as we did. And, the hotel's restaurant, XO, is very good.	
Nov 21 2009 	Old world charm but also ultramodern	This building is grand, intimate and old. But it is so completely renovated. For example, in the room by every phone there is a master controller for all of the lights, temperature, etc., so you don't have to get out of bed to control the temperature. The room is really spacious with very tall ceilings and ornate molding is everywhere. But the decor isn't victorian or dated, it's like if you combined a W hotel with a Fairmont.It's rated four star, but I think it's a five star. Especially the spa. When I got to the spa, the therapist said, &quot;we'll be going into the vault&quot;. The massage room is literally inside a safe, but it's not claustrophobic. There is a lit floor (lighting is dim and amber) and the walls are really aged brick. It's the best spa I've ever experienced in terms of cool.Pricing is extremely reasonable for what you get. Room service is fast and accurate. The potatoes would be my only complaint but big deal.Oh the restaurant is spectacular. Huge, ornate staircase and opera balconies, but with neon lighting effects where the colors blend and change every few minutes. That restaurant would be a great place to have a wedding or reception. This is just a great hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	we've been treated like queen and king	we've been treated like queen and king as we walked thru the main door! our stay as been wonderful! all the staff is very friendly and make you feel good! the restaurant was an indescriptible experience for epicurians like we are!	
Nov 4 2009 	Elegant Hotel	My friend and I stayed at the St James for 2 days after a cruise. We shared a room on the 7th floor for $200 a night through Expedia. The room was lovely with upscale amenities such as slippers, robes, heated marble floors in the bath and evening turndown service with chocolates. The beds are comfortable with a down cover and soft pillows. Our room did not have a bathtub and the shower, while large has an annoying lightweight curtain that wraps itself around your wet body as you shower. Breakfast was expensive $32 for lox and bagels with coffee and juice. A better solution is the Eggspectations Restaurant down the street for $8. The hotel is located close to the museum, shopping, and the Old City. Coffee and tea are available in the morning with newspapers in the library. The bar is lovely at night with lights that change that highlight the high ceiling. On the negative side, I found the traffic noise from the windows in our room irritating and the front desk failed to tell us that we needed to leave our key in the morning at the desk or we would not have room service. I needed to use the Internet for a web conference and found the codes for access did not work. While the correct codes were finally found by calling the service provider it took 20 minutes before the manager was able to get the issue resolved. The Internet is free and is fast. If you need to do any business while in Montreal I would stay somewhere else as the hotel is not equipped for business travelers (or they do not expect you to do business). The bell men are wonderful and attentive in handling luggage and answering questions.	
Nov 4 2009 	Spectacular across the board	We had a difficult time hailing a cab when we left on Sunday; no problem, one of the doorman ran down to a busier street, hailed a cab, got in it and rode it back to the hotel for us. Talk about service. The hotel itself is beautiful, the rooms are huge &amp; elegant, but with all the modern conveniences you would expect from a top end hotel. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The restaurant XO, if oddly outsized in proportion to the hotel is beautiful, and we could have easily spent all afternoon there drinking wine and relaxing. The hotel has a very private feel to it which explains why it is favored by celebrities, of which one was staying while we were there. While we didn’t love Montreal we would return for the hotel itself.	
Oct 7 2009 	Superb	That is the only word that can come close to describing the experience of this fabulous hotel. There can no possibly be another hotel to compare with the charm, refinement, service and staff attitude than at Le St-James. The staff actually thinks and anticipates your requests. Rooms a generously sized .. bath is perfect and quality and selection of amenities are excellent. Small breakfast buffet is perfect and ambience is better. You will not have enjoyed Montreal if you do not stay at this gem. We paid about $200 and I have never been as satisfied nor have I been as reluctant to leave a hotel. We will be back!don.brown@brownchild.com	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Service	My husband &amp; I stayed here 2 nights in September for our anniversary. The service is truly remarkable; the staff are all professional and courteous. The building is beautiful and our room was very nice. We stayed in one of their basic rooms and found it to be quite large and comfortable. The bathroom was roomy with a separate tub and large shower with multiple shower heads and great water pressure. The dining room was closed for renovations so we didn't eat at the hotel (it re-opened the day after we left). We had a couples massage and I highly recommend their spa experience. The spa is beautiful and the atmosphere truly one of the best I've experienced. The location of the hotel is quite central to all. We live in the Montreal area and knew we could walk to most attractions, restaurants we wanted to visit. It was expensive but you do get what you pay for here. The one item I found a bit off was the amount they charged for parking but it would not deter me from staying again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Beautiful experiene	M ife and I had th great pleasure of being guest at Le St-James. We have travelle th world and have stayed in may fne hotels. Le St-James i a pearl. Not only because of the physic aspects but because of te personel. Simply, professional, friendly and warm. We highly recommend this boutque hote and we will definately be back.	
Sep 22 2009 	Treated like royalty fabulous hotel and staff!	When my husband and I arrived for our weekend getaway, the door was promptly opened for us by a man who looked as elegant and ceremonious as a Buckingham Palace guard but shared a gracious smile with me. We were dressed casually ( very casually!!) but we were treated exactly as well as the other guests who were dressed impeccably and on their way to the penthouse. This was just the introduction to one of the most delightful relaxing weekends I have had in years! We were spoiled- all of the staff spoke to us by name and any questions, or more importantly, recommendations and reservations for dining or entertainment were taken care of for us by the very approachable concierge. Turndown was perfect, our room was kept impeccable and I have not slept as deeply as I did this weekend since before I had children! This was an A++++++	
Sep 17 2009 	Elegant Small Hotel in Heart of the City	This hotel is a real gem. It is small and tucked away on a busy corner, but boy does it have a lot to offer. Starting with the doorman Martin, all the way through the entire staff, this hotel aims to please. The lobby is elegant and offers tea and coffee in a gorgeous library. The rooms were amazing -- large and decorated with very old world style in keeping with the building and sleekly modern skillfully mixed in. The bathrooms were stunning with one of the best showers I have ever had. I also understand the restaurant is one of the best in Montreal. Unfortunately it was closed for renovations on our visit, but looked like an extraordinary room and is said to have fabulous cuisine. And the spa is worth a trip even if you opt not to have a treatment there -- it is a gorgeous room worthy of a picture on its own. The hotel is located in proximity to several wonderful restaurants and sightseeing areas. I cannot say enough about this hotel ,and while our stay was short, I plan to rectify that and return for a longer stay to better enjoy the property.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Hotel almost perfect	Just stayed at the St.James for 3 nights. Very friendly, courteous staff . I paid a little over $200/night on Expedia, a relative bargain for this hotel. I also received a much appreciated upgrade to a junior suite which was a very nice room. The restaurant in the lobby of the hotel is closed and under construction for another few weeks which is probably why the rooms were inexpensive. No matter. The only time you heard noise from the construction was in the lobby at the front desk which is right near the entrance to the restaurant. I don't know if noise can be heard from the lower floors in the hotel as I was up on a higher floor. Check with the hotel regarding this. The hotel's 5 star status does draw a little &quot;snobby&quot; type of customer, but that is expected. The only problem we encountered was the first night we couldn't get the room to cool off properly although the a/c was turned way down. The hotel sent someone up and unlocked the windows which solved the problem. The other nights the air in the rooms was fine.All in all, great hotel,especially if you can &quot;steal&quot; a room for under$250/night.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel !!!	Everything was lovely!!! Rooms &amp; Decor was absolutly marvelous. Best Housekeeping staff I have ever seen...People are very welcoming and are always there to help you. I will defenitly recommend this property for all business travelers and leisure travelers. The rooms are very spacious with vibrant decor and outstanding amenities.	
Aug 26 2009 	Perfection	I am a business traveller, so I am in hotels all too often. I've stayed in hotels randing from 1 star to 5. I have stayed in many 4 or 5 star hotels/resorts that should have not earned their respective ratings. Being a AAA/Mobil guest service trainer, I know about guest service. The Hotel Le St-James is an outstanding guest service provider. It is only because of the htoel's physical attributes (i.e., swimming pool, etc.) that hinders them from receiving the fifth and highlest level. Every guest is greeted by name, escorted to their guest room upon check-in, and pampered throughout their stay. The rooms have very high ceilings. It feels as though one is sleeping in an old Victorian mansion. The shower has both a handheld shower head and and rain shower. The bathroom is completely marble. Free wireless internet is provided for each guest room.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great boutique luxury but a few hiccups	The only negatives at this hotel were the check-in staff, and no one told us the XO Restaurant would be closed during our visit, so the breakfasts were spartan to say the least. WHen we arrived, our room wasn't ready &amp; I asked the front desk where the bathroom was - the Asian woman there informed me that the restrooms were closed for renovation, and I'd have to go down the street to find a bathroom. I explained I was 8 months pregnant, yet she did nothing to help me. She could have just told me to go downstairs &amp; use the one at the spa.Other than that, the rooms are superb - luxurious, unique, with great artwork &amp; comfortable beds. The concierges are top-notch &amp; went out of their way to help us. The bell boys &amp; valet were also excellent as were the maids.	
Aug 21 2009 	Fatou is my HERO!	I had the opposite experience of the previous reviewer. Fatou could not have been more helpful and was kind and considerate and sent emails within seconds of our conversations. She secured a room for us for our 20th anniversary when the hotel was completely booked for several of the days of our stay. I cannot thank her enough for her helpfulness. She had no reason whatsoever to be so accommodating but chose to be exceedingly helpful. For that, I am eternally grateful. Our anniversary celebration was perfect and Fatou was instrumental in that. We had a few problems with the wireless internet access which shouldn't have been a big deal except we were there to attend the Canadian Open and needed to access the schedule each day which is available only online. The concierge, Simon, went to extraordinary measures to help us obtain the schedules. Both concierges we encountered were unbelievably helpful. We were not thrilled with the restaurant recommendations of Boris Bistro and it's sister restaurant, Harvey; however, both were adequate. All meals that we had in Montreal seemed to be sub par for the value. We had a few very nice meals but all were VERY expensive compared to similar meals in the states, even NYC. Our two favorite meals were at Le Latini and Le Locale, both within walking distance of the hotel. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did use the WC after checking out and before our flight home and were very impressed with the facilities. When I am Roger Federer, I will hire the interior designer that came up with the decor in those restrooms! The subway was just a block away from the hotel so very convenient. It was extrememly safe (as was all of Montreal that we could see) , clean and simple to navigate--color coded just like the Paris metro.The accommodations (Room 605) were spectacular, the room, five star. I believe the room we were in was a step above standard. There was a special anniversary treat waiting for us when we arrived. The housekeeping staff were invisible, from a.m. clean up to turn down service. Two problems with the room were that the tv was so far from the bed that the remote did not work from the bed. We forgave this inconvenience because we didn't need to be watching TV on this trip and most channels were in French. Also, had we spent less time at tennis and more time sightseeing around the hotel I would have been disappointed that there was no real lounge to sit around in sipping cocktails and people- watching. There is a beautiful library with cocktail service from the restaurant but I never saw another person in there so it would have been more like having a cocktail in our room. The bathroom was 5 star and the shower was extraordinary. There was no bathtub which was fine with us. We never saw or heard another guest on our floor in the four days we visited, though the hotel was fully booked. In regard to the complaints about windows and light, we left early each morning and arrived back late each night so the windows really weren't of much value. I believe we had 3 heavily-draped windows in our room and one in the bathroom, all facing other buildings, but it just wasn't an issue for us. I knew in advance, from reading previous reviews, that I needed to bring higher wattage light bulbs and didn't bother. The light and make up mirror in the bathroom were just fine. The bed was five star with white Frett-style linens, sumptuously comfortable. We were overwhelmed with the beauty, comfort and hospitality afforded by this hotel and will return again, God willing. Thank you to the entire staff and especially to Fatou.	
Aug 14 2009 	Pure Incompetence	I had stayed at le St-James 3 years earlier, so we thought we would stay again for our night off without the kids. I read about a Montrealer special rate on a trusted website , so i called the hotel. I was transfered to reservations, who had heard nothing of this package.they asked that i call the hotel directly the next day. The next day, after being transfered 3 times, I spoke to Fatou, who said she had never heard of this package, then said it wasn't available yet, but that she could get me a good rate. I booked a deluxe room for 220$.After browsing online, i found the specific details of the package , so I called back to give them the details. Fatou agreed to all I said, but she still had no idea what the package was. So she added breakfast , and offered reservations to XO , the hotel restaurant, which I declined. As i had not received her previous confirmation by email, she said she would send a second email. Two hours after this, i finally got her first email. The reservation was for the wrong date. I called back to complain : not only did they not know the packages they offered, they got my reservation wrong ! I was transfered to Malika's voice mail. I left her a message to inform her of the situation. She called me back, apologising, saying that the services I had gotten were certainly not up to a 5 star hotel ! I agreed, and she gave me an upgrade and changed the date on my reservation.THEN she called me back again, stating that the restaurant was to be closed on the day of my stay, for remodeling. That, by the way, was not mentionned on the website. She offered a free brunch voucher , olr that I could keep the inroom breakfast on a limited menu. She did not know what the menu would be however . So 2 days before the restaurant closes, management has no idea what their menu for room service will be ? She offered to call me back with menu details , so i said yes.I was trying to get a reservation for 1 night, not plan a wedding ! So here we are, the next day, still no call back ! I just called to cancvel my reservation, no one was sorry, no one cares ! Granted, I am a small client. But i think my situation says a lot about how the hotewl is run!	
Jul 26 2009 	Service par excellance!	I stayed for one night at Hotel le St-James, and from the minute I arrived in the taxi, The doorman/bellman were right on the ball, addressed me by name after just reading my luggage tag, and I was always addressed by my name from then on out by everyone of the staff. I got a room upgrade to a suite, and WOW! Fantastic suite, and the cleanliness was amazing! Everything was cleaned and polished and well presented in the room and bathroom. A welcome note and chocolates awaited me, after being showed to the room by Christine who kindly showed me things in the room, how they worked etc. and immediatly got some ice for me and some information I had requested about the Spa. The Concierge set up a dinner reservation for me, and presented the info. and address on a card for my convenience. This hotel is definitely top-notch with glamorous decor, fantastic service and great location .	
Jul 15 2009 	The Only Place to Stay When Visiting Historic Montreal!	What attracted us to Hotel Le St-James was its location to historic Montreal, its luxury guest rooms, and its reputation of being the top hotel in Montreal. They exceeded our expectations in all 3! However, I've been left speechless of the 1st class service we received during our trip. Everyone, from bellman to concierge to managers, made us feel unique and special during our first visit to Montreal. A special thank you goes out to Simon from concierge services, who's knowledge on restaurants, wine, and shopping created memorable experiences that made our trip absolutely wonderful. I work in the luxury hospitality industry and fine myself very critical when visiting other properties. However, my visit to the St-James created a wonderful experience of luxury with service. We are already planning on coming back next summer to part take in the local festivals and enjoy the fine dining, which we will stay at no other place then the St. James.	
Jun 18 2009 	Perfection	My husband and I had a most incredible stay at the St-James. We went for two days just to get away and relax and to enjoy some great food and wine. The hotel, which used to be a bank, is located in Old Montreal so we were within walking distance of the port, shopping and restaurants. The jewel however is the XO Restaurant right there at the hotel. Chef Mike is an amazing young talent who prepared us a tasting menu that was beyond comparison.Every detail was attended to at the hotel from the moment we arrived until we left. We plan on returning again in the fall and hopefully stay for longer than two nights.	
Jun 17 2009 	Don't eat the food	The staff are generally very congenial and attentive, though we were disappointed by the misinformation given to us by the travel desk about local museums (i.e. hours of operation).The hotel's restaurant, XO, has a very strange sense of decor (almost fake-sophistication) and the enormous letters &quot;X&quot; and &quot;O&quot; bizarrely stand in the center of the dining space. The food was utterly disappointing and not of 5-star caliber. We breakfasted in the restaurant each of the 3 morning we were at the hotel, but it was merely for convenience's sake. A previous review that noted items on the adults' room service menu were strange was spot-on; the dishes had very strong, distinct flavors that ruined otherwise simple dishes/plates. Both my fiancé and I were disappointed with the sandwiches we ordered (just a burger!), in addition to the desserts. You're certainly not getting what you pay for in terms of cuisine.The room was very comfortable and we really had a great short vacation in Montreal. The hotel is very close to a Metro station, which was perfect for our day trips around the heart of the city. Overall, very pleased with the experience at Le St.-James...I'd just recommend dining elsewhere whenever possible.	
Jun 14 2009 	Best Hotel in Montreal	My wife grew up in Montreal, we return frequently and have stayed in a good many of the top hotels. Friends who live in Montreal advised that the best in the city is the St. James. We found it to be exactly that. First rate in every respect. You will not be disappointed.Best restaurants? Toque - 2 minutes walk. Le Pimet Rouge - 15 minutes. Boris Bistro - 5 minutes.	
Jun 8 2009 	Top notch in every way!	My husband and I just came back from our long weekend to Montreal where we stayed at the Hotel Le St. James. What a great experience! From the moment we arrived we were greeted by our names. We were given a Junior Suite that was absolutely beautiful and appreciated being escorted to the room and having all the amenities explained. The only thing I could fault with the room is the small window, but it is a historical building and that is how it was made. Other than that, lots of room, huge comfy bed with Frette linens. The phone systems in the rooms are cool too because you can control the lighting, temperature and many other features Very nice not getting out of bed to turn off the lights. And every night they would do a turn down service where you would get a fancy chocolate and a note describing the weather for the next day. Molton Brown amenities were divine! Breakfast came with the room and we were able to choose any thing we wanted from the XO restaurant inside. Hands down, best coffee and croissants anywhere! This was also the first time that my husband and I stayed somewhere and chose to eat room service lunch two days in a row because it was THAT good. The hotel also has a great location. I was amazed that we were only a few blocks (I think 2) from the Notre Dame Cathedral. And so close to Old Montreal. It made it so easy to walk around and see the sights. The doormen were always so welcoming. And the concierge was extremely helpful. There was one in particular that not only helped us with suggestions for restaurants but then asked us the next day how that particular restaurant was. A really nice touch that shows they care about you having a good time in their city. Went to the spa on Saturday afternoon and we had a great experience. The spa is something to be seen as far as it's decor. We both had 60 minute hot stone massages which were the best I have ever had. As for facial treatments, the &quot;mask&quot; is literally just that and not a traditional facial like I am used to. Next time I will take the 90 minute massage instead and skip the face treatment. I wouldn't hesitate recommending this hotel to anyone and we am already planning a visit back this Fall!	
May 21 2009 	Best Service Ever	I usually do not write reviews, but I thought I must share the pleasant stay I had at the St. James. Me and wife just returned from a 4 day stay (along with our 7 month old). Each and every staff member went out of their way to make our stay comfortable and enjoyable. The concierge service was excellent and they mapped out each day for us in terms of places to visit and restaurant recommendations. We casually asked if we could take Route 7 while driving back to New York and we had printed directions slid under the door of our room when we returned! The XO restaurant had an excellent French breakfast (croissants, eggs) and we were surprised to see that the staff remembered what me and wife ordered the 1st day, when we went down for breakfast the next day. We had dinner once at the XO, and the food was delicious. The appetizers were a very subtle and clever fusion of various ingedients. We live in New York city and have received such excellent service in any hotel in the U.S. The only downside is that the building entrance is not very baby friendly, but we found that to be the case with most buildings in Montreal including tourist atttractions. Would definitely stay at the St James if we visit Montreal again.	
May 11 2009 	awesome hotel	I agree with the other reviews. this hotel was a true 5 star. The service was the best ever, from the concierge to the front desk. The rooms were great. The beds, pillows, sheets, huge towels, free shoeshines and really awesome shower just made it even better. Their breakfast which was included in our rate was called a continental breakfast but was a full breakfast with choice of eggs, bacon and the most delicious pastries and croissants. I have stayed in other 5 star hotels and this is up there with the best. The location in Old Montreal was also good, near lots of restaurants and shops.	
Jan 8 2009 	Service Service Service	Being a very discerning traveler with high expectations, Le St. James did not disappoint. Excelling in all areas, this hotel clearly raises the bar in hospitality excellence. From the moment my door was opened by their valet, to the time we exited their lobby, this hotel intuitively knew how to please us and went out of their way to accommodate our every need. Definitely a place to visit for those who expect the best!	
Dec 15 2008 	Best in Montreal	I go to Montreal every month and this Hotel is the BEST in Montreal - and can complete with any hotel in the world. The service is European - they know what they are doing. Over the top? Perhaps, but isn't that what you want. Who complains when 2 staff come out with umbrellas when you drive up. Service in the restaurant and bar is quiet and professional - but friendly. This hotel is for those that want, and perhaps remember or pine for, the great servie from the great hotels.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Service	We like to be pampered and we were pampered... Dinner at XO restaurant was great the first night despite the initial wait in the lounge. the morning complimentary coffee was a nice touch on the way out. My wife loved the flowers in the public areas (quite unusual and very impressive) I was able to have a smaller version of the arrangement delivered by the concierge and surprised my wife.The location in old Montreal allowed us to walk around and shop for the kids. This is a five star hotel and not the cheapest in Montreal but a great value if you look for service and romance.We usually pay more in the US for a similar experience.	
Oct 29 2008 	Absolutely lovely small hotel; great location	This is a wonderful small elegant hotel (only about 60 rooms).   The location is great -- very close to Old Town and close to a metro entrance.     The staff is very friendly and gives great service, especially the concierge group.     Our room was quite large.    There are no views from any rooms, which makes the rooms a little dark and I never felt there was enough light.   The bathroom was very large, with a shower (no tub).     The one dining room (XO) is quite elegant and I'm sure quite expensive for dinner.    We did not eat dinner there, but did have breakfast one morning.    Other mornings we ate at a small coffee cafe down the street, because XO had been just too costly for breakfast.     There is no &quot;hustle and bustle&quot; feel at this hotel, just a very well-run, upscale small hotel in a great location.     The only reason I gave it 4 vs. 5 stars is that I personally DO prefer a little &quot;hustle and bustle&quot;.	
Oct 25 2008 	Best hotel in Canada	We stayed at some of the best hotels and this was the closest to our preferred hotels in Europe, The`Ritz Paris and The George V.the service was exceptional and not pretentious. people are friendly and polished but we were able to relax. the lavendar scent by the pillow at night is a nice touch. The food was great and the restaurant surprisingly modern ( buddha bar ambiance) with amazing flowers! models in the lounge and a &quot;in crowd&quot; ... A place to be seen I guess...it is too bad they don't have a real bar but it was ok. the dining room is overwealmed by a huge XO sign? In North America we usually stay with Four Seasons and glad we found the St James. It was very expensive for montreal but much less than similar hotels in other cities and a good value. We will be back.	
Oct 23 2008	Location location location	The property is absolutely elegant! My daughter and I went there for a &quot;girls getaway.&quot; From the moment we arrived we were treated like queens. Our room was very well appointed with all the comforts of home and more. Le Spa was wonderfully private and relaxing. Next came a creative Tasting menu in XO, where we enjoyed Wine pairings with each course and every dish was tasty and unique! We ordered Room service for breakfast and it was delivered hot, on time and delicious! The location is one of the best parts for me, away from the crowds and traffic of downtown , a great walk around Old Montreal to shop and dine. Our stay went too quickly! We will definitely visit again, and next time we will plan to stay longer. We enjoyed every minute of our stay.	
Oct 18 2008 	Try every other hotel first	My wife and I found the service pretentious and of poor quality. We had planned on spending almost all of our down time at the hotel, however, we realized we would be treated better dining elsewhere. When we voiced our concern, we were ignored. The management is preoccupied with showing and selling the glitz and not focused on the customers; we could not wait to leave.	
Oct 14 2008 	Beautiful hotel great service BUT not good for young family	This is a wonderful hotel, with great service and location. We stayed in a suite connected to a deluxe bedroom (for 5 of us) and felt it was claustrophobic. We are used to much more space than that, usually same configuration (2 bedroom suite) and these rooms were tiny (but elegant). We looked into other suites but nothing would work for a family with 3 young ones. Anyway, I would highly recommend this hotel for couples, but not at all for people with children coming along. There is basically no common areas, and the restaurant XO is very odd. Room service is out of control: no kids menu, and in the adults menu the selection is exotic. Couldn't get a mac-and-cheese, we got very close with a selection of pasta and white sauce that cost us $30 and the kids did not like it. Room service took about 1:30 hours to deliver - including our sandwich and a salad - no drinks, not even soda - the bill was $170. Even wine or champagne from the room service was a looong wait.Now, you may call my kids spoiled but they were sad that there were no little special gifts for them - you know how the Ritz offer those little lions, Four seasons leave a beautiful tray of cookies on arrival and other little gifts, le St James basically just absolutely ignored them, not even trying to know their names (and they are usually greeted by their names everywhere we travel). All in all, this hotel is at our level of luxury but it is not for us. We left one day earlier than planned.	
Aug 30 2008	Perfect Weekend Escape	Le St. James is a beautiful, little jewel of a hotel, which sets the standard in Montreal.The owners have incorporated various elements that one would expect to see at the best hotels around the world. The hotel was filled with beautiful art and antiques.Above all, there is also a very, very high level of service here, with a concierge desk which is one of the best that I've come across.Our Jr. Suite was quite nice. All of the rooms are different, and we were told that repeat guests are careful to select certain rooms. This was our first time, and we didn't know to do this. The room was great, but I'd be interested to see the other choices/layouts as well. The white marble bathroom, with a combo rain shower and body shower, is one of the best I've seen.The spa in the basement is something out of a james bond flick. It is worth checking out even if you don't get a service, Reminds me of the basement pool at L'Hotel in Paris.The &quot;sleeping mist&quot; which they leave bedside is a nice touch.We didn't try the restaurant, so can't comment there.We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again for a weekend getaway (less than 5 hrs from Boston). Much better choices than the other prime spots we've stayed in Montreal such as the Ritz and Loews.	
Aug 18 2008 	Another reason why I love Montreal	The suite was beautiful, the maid service was impeccable, breakfast at the hotel restaurant was delicious, and the hotel staff treated us like we were demi-gods. Add the fantastic location - close to all the old Montreal attractions, but away from noisy nightclubs, and you end up with a truly great place to stay. I will be back.	
Jul 10 2008 	Lovely Le Saint James	My husband and I recently stayed at Hotel Le Saint James over the July 4th holiday. We were looking for a place to spend a relaxing weekend that did not involve traveling a great distance. Montreal proved to be ideal. Only 57 minutes from Philadelphia, take off to touch down...and you're in France! How great is that?We have become spoiled at some pretty amazing 5 star hotels in the past. We always read the review on tripadvisor.com before we make a reservation and since this hotel got some pretty rave notices we thought we would treat ourselves to 4 nights. We paid $355 per night for a queen room. Well worth the price when you consider that renting a car in Montreal is not necessary and public transportation is inexpensive and easy to navigate.We drove up to the hotel well located in the nicest part of the old city...walking distance to everything... and were immediately taken with the lovely exterior. The door men greated us by name when we exited our taxi and we entered the warm and inviting lobby with its beautiful wood work and inviting decor. My test of a great hotel is the feeling that I'm home when I enter the building and when I get into bed in the evening. This hotel hit the mark! On our first evening we were too tired to go out and decided the stay in and order room service. When we were shown to our room we loved the cozy interior, beautiful antiques, classical music playing on the CD player and a stack of CD's to fit anyone's taste. We unpacked, crawled into bed ,,,,,,,Ioved the Frette linens...and ordered room service. Although we did not order it........ there was Caviar on the menu. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door. The maid welcomed me, handed me a small bottle and wished me a good sleep. Where else do they leave sleeping spray in the room?? How did I ever live without it?The next morning the concierge directed us to Olive and Gourmando for the most delicious pastry and Cafe Ole'....and dinner later at Bonaparte....everything in old city was an easy walk...and the Victoria Station Metro station is right under the hotel....how convenient is that? We wanted to see Montreal from the top of Mount Royal and walk down to the Beaux Art Museum to see the Yves St. Laurent exhibit ( to die for!!)...it was about a 20 minute walk...but Phillipe, the helpful concierge suggested we take a cab to the top...and insisted that we take a hotel business card so that if we could not make the climb down we could call and they would send a taxi for us. Now that is service! There are many reasonable places to eat in Montreal. We avoided the hotel restaurant although it looked lovely. Being in the coffee business I could not imagine what would make a cup of coffee worth $8.00 .....and a hamburger worth $30.00...I never saw many people there so perhaps I was not alone in thinking that it was over priced. The hotel might want to rethink their pricing.The last thing to note was the tremendous contrast we felt between the people of Montreal..and perhaps all of Canada...compared to Americans...we found EVERYONE to be extremely helpful. From the lady who owned a very small icecream shop operated from a window...who graceously let me use her small restroom when I desperately needed one....rather than making me go to a public one.....to the warm and friendly airport personel who post a passenger bill of rights at the enterance to the security check point...and hand out the small plastic bags that they want you to put your liquids in...and offer to help you in any way they can. Most of all I wanted to transport these kind people back to the state with me.....but aha!....in 57 minutes I can return for another fabulous and romantic holiday.Visit Montreal and stay at Hotel Le Saint James....it will make you smile...and take a bottle of the sleeping spray home with you!	
Apr 10 2008 	Wonderful Weekend Getaway	My husband took me to Montreal for a weekend getaway to celebrate my birthday. We chose the Hotel Le Saint James because we wanted some quiet luxery, and we wanted to be close to old Montreal. It met both needs perfectly!First, our room. We booked a deluxe room, which was the lowest category. It was surprisingly large and beautifully furnished. Because it was on a lower level, with buildings right outside the windows, it had these lovely plantation style blinds that offered just the right amount of privacy while also providing charming lighting. We really enjoyed our room and found ourselves returning early most evenings to snuggle up in the sumptuous bed and watch movies.Second, the spa. It's one of the more unique spas I've visited--it's in the hotel's basement, very dark and secluded, and it only accomodates a couple of guests at a time. I had a wonderful vichy shower treatment from an incredibly gentle and professional masseuse. Expensive, but luxurious.Third, the location. We really enjoyed being able to walk to so many places in old Montreal. There are many art galleries nearby, as well as churches and cafes. The doorman is always at the ready with a taxi if you need one, and there is a subway station within a few blocks, so it's easy to visit other parts of the city. Fourth, the service. Overall, we were very pleased with the service that we received at the Hotel Le Saint James. The doormen were gracious, as was the concierge. I'm taking off one star in this review for a little bit of pretentiousness, though. My husband and I are both vegetarians, so we asked for directions to an underground vegan restaurant that was in an admittedly unglamorous part of the city. The concierge's reaction? &quot;Are you sure you want to go there? I could book you into a much nicer place.&quot; Grrr . . . . we felt a little judged.All in all, it was a wonderful stay, especially for a weekend trip. And if you've never been to Montreal before, you really should go. For those of you who live in the U.S., it's like going to Europe for the weekend, with a much more favorable exchange rate and no jet lag!	
Feb 3 2008 	Loved this hotel!	We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The service was amazing and the food was pretty good. They also have a huge selection of amazing wines in the restaraunt. The room was very cozy and we ended up spending half a day just relaxing in bed and watching movies. Very good location. Le St James is definitely underrated.	
Nov 14 2007 	Very good hotel	We booked on the Hotel's website, and due to a pricing error, we ended up staying in the Royal suite (normally $3000 CAD per night) for only $300 CAD. There was some discussion with the hotel manager, prior to arrival, and the resulting service was a bit... cold. However, they did end up honoring the rate their website confirmed, so kudos to the St James.The suite was indeed very nice, with beautiful antique furnishings, and spacious rooms. The bathroom had a great multi-head shower and separate oversized tub. There were full size Molton Brown and Hermes products in the bathroom, which were very nice. However, we have stayed in nicer suites at other hotels, for a fraction of the retail rate of this one. The service was a bit lacking, but perhaps this was due to the fact that they gave us the suite for 1/10th of the regular price.Overall, a solid choice, and a good upscale hotel, but we will likely try someplace else on our next trip to Montreal.	
Oct 28 2007 	Can't give 5 stars but great hotel...not inviting enough	Booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; room on the hotel website. Reservation went fine, though I had written a note as part of the reservation for them to call me about renting one of their cars, never got the call. Arrived on a rainy day to no doorman at about 2:30pm. Went in and concierge quickly took control, with an umbrella, came out, and doorman appeared. Check in was quick and smooth. Escorted to our room which was a nice touch.Room was good, I have never stayed in their standard rooms, it was a corner, probably same as standard but bigger. Room is great, but not what I expected based on pictures I had seen. A little less luxurious, unfortunately. Though the bed was comfy, bathroom is beautiful with both bath and shower, slippers, bathrobe, magazines, stereo playing, not a great TV. Despite different that expected, great room. The phone controls all lights and TV. That was super cool. We did notice the lack of pay per view and with a quick call had a DVD player installed and a selection of movies. Not the newest releases but great service.We decided to go down for afternoon tea at the XO resto (the hotels resto). We got there and they said they were full, couldn't serve us, despite 12 people and 4 of the tables taken. They said there were many reservations of people coming in the next 30 minutes. The front desk saw us turn back and stepped in and made sure we got a table. Pretty stupid. We enjoyed the tea, pricey but excellent service and great food. Service was too cold for us. The &quot;reserved&quot; people never did arrive, by the way. We watched our movie and went out for dinner later. They didn't help us as we are from Montreal andknew where we wanted to go. We got back and turndown was excellent, chocolates and bottles of water, room cleaned. Had a nice light breakfast from room service in the morning. Called for a massage but no room. All in all we had a great time, great hotel, but certainly high class. This adds on some fronts but for us was uninviting in other ways, so I don't think I'd run back, especially at the price. You can get a great suite in Montreal for $200 or 300, and the room would probably be better.	
Oct 23 2007 	Try somewhere else...	Disappointing stay... Some positives to the hotel - the washrooms are great, good toiletries, sixty rooms, friendly employees, good location, ornate fixtures... Now the problems: Room service was poor. Food was bad - St. James club had almost no meat in it (if you want to name a sandwhich after your hotel, it better be good) they forgot the french fries with my sandwich, took twenty-five minutes to get them sent up. There is a flat-screen tv in the bedroom, but it's tiny - smaller than my computer monitor - maybe 12 inches... tv in the sitting room was old. No pay-per-view movies. Service was inattentive at breakfast. Literally the only person in the restaurant, and I couldn't find a server for about ten minutes to get the bill. Doorman didn't know which direction St. Catherine St. was. I wanted to like this place - clearly most think it's the best in Montreal - but it just wasn't up to my standards. Two and a half stars. My complaints may sound small - I realize that - but for what I paid, and what I'm used to - this hotel doesn't cut it.	
Aug 29 2007 	Unbelievable!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the St. James. To say that this hotel was amazing is an understatement. I am very well traveled and this is absolutely the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It is over the top superior in comfort, service and has the &quot;WOW&quot; factor that has been missing in other 5 star hotels I have stayed at. The room was very large and had a lovely sitting room with plasma TV. The bed was extremely comfortable. The shower was fabulous, 3 attendants came in each evening for the turndown service and brought anything we needed and tidyed up the room. The overall architecture was fabulous. The location was absolutely perfect for walking to the old part of Montreal and to Place Jacque Cartier. No expense was spared at this hotel. I will not soon forget this hotel!	
Aug 24 2007 	Sublime!! Best hotel in Montreal....	The hotel is charming, cozy and absolutely spotless. The decor is wonderful and the staff polite and welcoming. I have stayed in some of the finest hotels in Europe and the St. James is comfortably in their league. I can honestly say it is one of the few times I have had no complaints with a hotel...quite rare for me!	
Jul 12 2007 	Decadent luxury	We’ve stayed at some of the best hotels in Europe – the Hotel Le St James is clearly in their league.The hotel is small and sophisticated. The lobby has the air of a gentleman’s club.The two suites we had for three nights were magnificent – large, comfortable, and decorated in an old world charm. The service was impeccable.The old city location is convenient to both the old city and downtown, which is a 10-5 minute walk.This is the perfect hotel for a couple’s weekend getaway to Montreal.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great! Stay here!!	I am very critical of hotels, and this one, surprised me. I have nothing but glowing things to say about this hotel. It was first class all the way. The location was superb, the concierge was fantastic, the room exceeded expectations. Everything was impressive. Stay here, it's expensive, but worth it in the end. You will have great memories!PS: Don't miss Gibby's for dinner!	
Jul 6 2007 	Charming Hotel Warm Staff	Wow. A truly wonderful hotel in Old Montreal. Worth every penny; the service and staff alone make this a winner. Add in fabulous rooms, especially the suites and this is not just a great find in Old Montreal, but a great place period.Even traveling with an infant, our stay was easy and enjoyable. The staff (all of them from the housekeepers to the concierge to the general manager) went out of their way to make our stay perfect. The concierge were amazing. They arranged for great, kid friendly dining options that did not involve placemats with crayons and hot dogs. Speaking of which, Eggspectations is a great breakfast option and just steps away from the hotel.If you are in Montreal, might pass by Montreal or are just thinking about Montreal run don't walk to the St. James.	
Jun 23 2007 	Great hotel	If you like European grand hotels ( Connaught/Claridges in London, Ritz Paris) you will appreciate the St James. Not a chain hotel but very personalized service. Name usage very impressive.Beautiful rooms and amenities. Efficient service.	
Jun 14 2007 	Tasteful but not attractive	The location is very convenient, close to everywhere in Vieux Montreal. I stayed at a regular guestroom, which doesn't have a bathtub -fine by me-, and the decor and cleanliness was impeccable. The toiletry was Molton Brown and was very enjoyable. My room faces an extremely small garden surrounded by other rooms, thereby lacking sunlight. It was a disadvantage because you have no idea what the weather is like outside -- this is very critical in a place like Montreal. Also, be advised to set up an alarm, as you are not likely to wake up to the bright sunlight in the morning. Fortunately for me, I was there on vacation, not for business. Staffs were very helpful and professional, although they were at times not so friendly. I do think it is a top notch hotel with good service and amenities -- a natural thing considering the price-, but in my personal opinion, this hotel was not so inviting. I've stayed Four Seasons, and other top-class, old-school hotels, and I've stayed Ritz-Carlton most of my recent trips, but none of them were so uninviting.	
Apr 11 2007 	Fantastic Experience in Montreal	Le St. James is expensive for Montreal, but we felt it was worth every penny given our travel style and tolerance of paying a bit extra for convenience and comfort.We booked Le St. James hotel as a last-minute choice based on a positive review in the New York Times.We did our same-day booking online at the hotel's web site. This was an average experience. Our main complaint is that the website form is so integrated into the design of the rest of the site that it's not as clear as it could be. Although we were able to complete the reservation quickly and without problems, next time I will probably call since the employees are so enjoyable and capable.We drove from New York to Montreal and arrived at Le St. James at night. Although the doorman was absent at first, he re-appeared as we started to make our way to the lobby desk. From there, service was top-notch every step of the way and in no way could be considered lacking.Front desk clerks recognized us and greeted us by name when we returned from our time spent outside the hotel. We had a couples spa treatment, and the women who did the treatments both worked silently and in excellent coordination. We also had room service and enjoyed flawless, courteous service from everyone who we came in contact with. We also had a strange incident with a window that blew open because it had been improperly latched--the hotel sent up someone to fix it within minutes.The major negatives about Le St. James are the workout facilities (poor, cramped, and limited) and a temporary, but unfortunate situation in that some of the rooms have windows that permit construction noise from across the street where a Westin Hotel is being built. We were originally in one of those rooms, but we were graciously switched to a room that was silent.Overall a great experience and one of the better hotels we've stayed in over the last few years.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Service-No bathtub in room!	Disapointed I didn't have a bathtub in the room. When I asked the front desk they said there were no other rooms available, though I really doubted it. The shower was great but there was no bench in it. Shower curtain was too small and water ended up all over the floor. Service was excellent. Watch out for additional charges like $30.00 a night for Valet parking. Room was a bit small. Gym was almost non existent, no pool. It's good if you want to pay lots of money for spa treatments. Although the service was great, you really paid for it.	
Feb 22 2007 	Best hotel in Montreal!	Fabulous hotel and a great location. I stayed in Hotel Gault last year due to the rave reviews on this site. What a disapointment, totally over rated. We went back to Le St James last week, What a difference.The service was friendly and efficient. we had a suite which was large and well furnished, huge bathroom with walk in shower. Comfortable and warm furnishings, not like the minalimist office chairs and furnishings at the Gault. If you are going to Montreal stay here......the Rolling Stones do!	
Jan 31 2007 	Great Service	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the long weekend in January. We requested that the concierge recommend a few restaurants for us for dinner while we would be there. Alain e-mailed us a good amount of choices, with comments about each, and booked our final choices. All his recommendations were wonderful. While at the hotel, our stay overall was great. Housekeeping kept our room extremely clean, the concierge helped in every way he could, and honestly all of the staff was extremely helpful, and warm.I would recommend this to anyone whishing to stay in Montreal.	
Nov 20 2006 	Wonderful!	I just returned from a long weekend in Montreal at the St. James. This hotel is quite beautiful and located in the old section of Montreal. Quite convenient to the airport - about a 20 minute ride with no traffic. Upon arriving at the hotel when you enter the hotel you get the feel of yesteryear as this was once a bank - very grand. I must admit that they do pay attention here to the little things regarding their guests. When I arrived from the airport via cab the doorman proceeded to remove my bag from the trunk of the cab - in doing so he made note from my luggage tag of my name and was quick to address me by my name - a little thing - but it definitely shows you something about this hotel. When I was brought to the reception desk for my check-in it was handled efficiently - though I had to wait a few minutes to make sure that my room was ready (which was odd to me as it was 5pm). My room which was a deluxe king was lovely - large and tastefully decorated. My only qualm was that I was given a room that was right near the elevator (I had made my reservation through Leading Hotels of the World where I am a member - my profile and reservation state to be placed away from elevators - reception needs to pay attention to this - though I will be honest as it did not become a problem because it was extremely quiet and I never heard any noise in relation to the elevator). In detailing my room which was large, there was a large king bed with delicious linens (very European), a desk, a small sitting area with two chairs and a large closet. The bathroom again very large with soaking tub and spa shower stall (with the rain shower fixture) with wonderful products for use. My room was extremely clean - and one very odd thing is that there were no do not disturb signs for ones door - but that did not matter because housekeeping never interrupted you while you were in your room (this usually happens in most hotels at around 7pm as they will come around for turn down service) - but when you went out in the morning as well as in the evening for dinner - you came back to a room that had been attended to. The hotels dining room &quot;XO&quot; is breathtaking (I believe some refer to this as the Grand Salon). Very stately for all meals as well as a formal afternoon tea or for drinks (there is also the Library for drinks as well). Please note - if you plan on having breakfast a the hotel do not bother with their continental breakfast (which consists of juice, coffee, and pastries) as their breakfast menu is superb! From presentation to taste - I never had such a fantastic breakfast. I did not dine in the restaurant for dinner but can only imagine how wonderful it must be and next time will try it. The concierge staff is tops. Prior to my arrival I had phoned with some dinner reservation requests which were taken care of perfectly - even a reservation in the top restaurant in Montreal Toques'. The location of the hotel is really quite convenient and just a ten minute walk to the historic area which is filled with shops, galleries and restaurants with a very Eurpoean feel. In summarizing, the hotel is lovely, very European, perfectly situtated and well worth the expense.	
Oct 18 2006 	Best hotel we've stayed at in years	Amazing place. Amazing restaurant. Amazing service. Everything was perfect. Location is topnotch (Vieux Montreal). The buildout of this former Merchant Bank is at a level seldom reached by boutique hotels. The linens are beautiful - high threadcount sheets, down pillows, little Italian floormats and fresh slippers at your bedside at turndown. The staff is expert, confident, and friendly, to a person. The concierges sent us to Milos, the best restaurant we've visited in a long time.	
Sep 17 2006	Service lacks a lot	This hotel totally lacks the service of a 4 or 5 star operation. The property is everything the other reviewers say it is but the service is so basic that the overall experience is spoiled. Want more details - feel free to e-mail me at fhartigan@sbcglobal.net	
Aug 17 2006 	Incredible Attention to Detail	I brought my then girlfriend to Montreal for the weekend to ask her to marry me. I wanted to treat her to an incredible hotel and I must say that the Le St. James fully met my expectations (by the way, she said yes).We stayed in what was referred to as a &quot;superior room&quot;, though not exactly sure where this ranks on their scale as it was my only choice unless I wanted to go even more expensive (I believe we payed about $250 a night after taxes). The physicals of the hotel are absolutely amazing. Though I'm not at all a snob about where I stay (perfectly happy sleeping in a Motel 6 or Super 8), I do tend to notice everything. I'm particular about a room being clean, well maintained, having quality maid service, and I always tend to do a cursory inspection of the craftsmanship and quality of workmanship that went into a hotel. The Le St. James did not disappoint in any of these areas. The room was spotless, decor was beautiful and elegant - an excellent melding of classic luxury and technology. As far as the staff goes, I would describe them as professional. I come from a working class family, but I also incorporate some extravagant living into my life. I'm fairly down to earth and I enjoy joking and casual conversation. The staff of the hotel tends to treat you more like royalty... which for my personality is not necessarily a positive, but I believe that the crowd they cater to probably expects this. Personally, I'd like to see them loosen up a bit, but it didn't take away from my stay (I'm sure you're envisioning &quot;the Beverly Hill-billies go to Monreal&quot;). Overall, I don't think you can go wrong staying at this hotel, especially if you're like me and tend to notice the little things. Your entire stay will be filled with unexpected niceties.	
Aug 9 2006 	An EXCEPTIONAL hotel!!!	My husband and I stayed at the St. james on August 2-5, 2006.Upon arriving at the gorgeous facade of this hotel we were immediately greeted by a warm and professional doorman who quickly retrieved the luggage out of the cab. The doorman complete with shiny brass buttoned coat and white gloves escorted us through the lobby to the front desk. An equally sophisticated front desk staff awaited us there. The check in was quick and we were on our way, but not before being presented with the most beautiful hotel key I have ever seen! A heavy brass key chain with a luxurous red tassel. The luggage was taken up to the room by yet another professional staff member. Upon entering the room we found soft music playing, the perfectly made bed with crisp Frette sheets and the beautiful overhead halogen lighting glowing made the room look absolutely divine. IOur room a junior suite had a bedrrom area with an adjacent sitting area with a desk and chair. The bathroom, a large marble one had a separate shower and deep tub with dual sinks. Everything in tis hotel is of the utmost quality! The towels are thick and gorgeous. The sheets are Frette and the quality of the decorations and furnishings was over-the-top. Upon returning to the lobby area where we found the hotel's restaurant, the XO. The XO is exquisite! A breathtaking dinning room with very high cielings and chandliers. A mezzanine level sits over the restaurant where one can either sit or have coffe, drink etc. The first day, we had breakfast and the service was exceptional as well. The breakfast was beautifully and artfully presented. The portions were small but adequate. It is slightly expensive but a real nice treat of refinement to start your day off right! In the evening, the library adjacent to the entrance is an absolutely divine place to have an after dinner drink as you let your eyes be dazzled by this beautiful room. The hotel houses a rare collection of books and many newspapers are available every day, along with current magazines. It is just a treat to sit down here in the evening or on a rainy day a great place to read a book and cocoon yourself away! The hotel is also very centrally located in the heart of the old section. Its a 5 minute walk or less from all the sights. Notre Dame a gorgeous Basilica is just a couple of blocks away. When in Montreal DO NOT miss the dramatic light show which is presented nighly at 6:30 and 8:00. It is beautiful, dramatic and educational. It will present the history of the church and of Montreal and it is a MUST do! While we were there we did not have a bad meal. I would highly recommend the Pierre du Calvert Restaurant, housed in a 300 year old mansion. Food, Service and decor was outstanding! Gibby's a steak house housed in the Youville Stables is excellent as well. Another hit was Bonaparte which is open for both lunch and dinner. By the way, the Concierge at the hotel named &quot;Phillipe&quot; is wonderful (I wanted to take him home with us!) Very knowledgeable, refined and service oriented. He seemed to know what we needed without asking and always gave great recomendations. Along with Phillippe the entire staff was outstanding and we cannot rave about this property more. It was a wonderful 3 days in heaven. I would go back tomorrow! Do yourselves a favor and stay at the St. James when visiting Montreal. A tip: The website lists rack rates which are quite high and Expedia never seems to have them available. I called the hotel directly and spoke to the genral manager which gave us a very reasonable (for this 5 star plus hotel) price of $350.00 (canadian) per night. They upgraded us to a junior suite which although not huge was spaciuos and very comfortable. A great stay at a great hotel!! Congratulations to the owners and staff for &quot;getting it right&quot; on this one!!	
Jul 13 2006	well appointed	After a glitch with the room, and a conversation with the hotel manager, the situation was set right. The hotel is beautiful, with great art and excellent food. It could easily be stuffy but the staff is helpful and gracious. Exercise room is small but adequate. Junior suites are spacious, and if booking through expedia, are a good value.	
Apr 23 2006	Just amazing	The nicest hotel in Montréal in the heart of the city, between old montreal and the finacial district. Remind's you of the great hotels in Paris, the streets the ambiance etc The rooms are just gorgeous and I found a gem a littel jewelery store in The International Trade Centre called ALEXANDRE &amp; FILS if your looking for a deal the got it!!! and the have just gorgeous stuff a must see. The hotel is also 5 minutes from the palais des congres where you have all kind of shows. A 15 minutes walk from the Bell Centre if you like hockey 10 minutes from st laurent street(go east) if you like to dine well and party and 10 minutes from the famous cresent street if you just want to party till dawn.	
Mar 16 2006	Amazing Location! 5 stars plus!	I stayed there with mu husband early march for a nice week-end break, by far the best hotel experience in Canada, only commensurate to palaces like the Bristol in Paris or the Oriental in Bangkok. Service: perfect. The new restaurant deserves to have more sophisticated menus, but overall it is much better than any hotel restaurant in Montréal.Location is great, in the heart of Old Montréal, nice european feel in the small streets, amazing art galleries (luxury french-inspired furniture at Esthete shop for a fraction of what it would cost in NYC, just in front of the hotel), and some interesting cafés.Will definitely be back!	
Nov 27 2005 	elegant and regal	beautiful,elegant hotel,very close(one block) to the convention center with perfect staff and very good restaurant--which we found to be the strangest part of our trip--it was quite possibly the worst restaurant town we have ever experienced. Verses was average with awful service, Moshes was like any other steakhouse in any other city(and we live in Iowa where a good steak is on every corner), and the other restaurants were totally forgettable.The St. James however was quiet and unique, the spa is wonderful, breakfast buffet was outstanding-for a change of pace(and price),try eggspectations one block down the street.	
Sep 18 2005	Simply the Best!!!	I have stayed in numerous properties in montreal and by far the best is the Hotel Le St. James! The staff is extremely warm an receptive. They will do or get anything you need with a touch of a button. I forgot my camera in my car, and with out hesitation they went and got it and brought it up to my room. WHat service. The room was very spacious and elegant. The beding is frette and is one of the best sleeps I have had in years. There are no complaints about this hotel, you will not be disappointed.	
Sep 7 2005	Amazing hotel in a beautiful city	My husband and I spent 4 nights at Le Saint James during our first trip to Montreal. I picked the hotel based on other TripAdvisor reviews and was not disappointed in the least. On the contrary, the hotel exceeded many of our expectations and we are both hotel snobs to the extreme. We will typically choose a Four Seasons if we can and our standards for service are set by those experiences. We booked through the Leading Hotels of the World site and received a &quot;Stay 4 nights Pay for 3&quot; deal. The hotel doesn't discount at all when you book directly. Even so, we were pleasantly surprised to find that we'd been upgraded to a Junior Suite from a King Room when we called to request an early check-in due to a flight change. They were very gracious and even treated us to coffee in the beautiful restaurant while our room was prepared.The room was extremely quiet (no view, but the hotel is downtown and surrounded by other buildings) and comfortable. The decor varies from room to room and we had a more modern decor, which suited us just fine. Our bed was super comfortable and the turndown each evening was wonderful, with bottled water, slippers, robes, chocolates and the next day's weather forecast set by the bedside. One of our favorite things was not having any interruptions when we were in our room from housekeeping, yet our room was always done to perfection when we returned from a day of sightseeing and the turndown was complete when we returned from dinner.The concierge and front desk staff were professional and very well informed. We went to use the small gym every day and only saw one other person working out during our 4 day stay. The hotel is just around the corner from Toque, which was the dining highlight of our trip. Treat yourself and stay at the St. James in Montreal! We can't wait to go back.	
Sep 4 2005	Sublime experience at the St. James	We wanted to see Montreal from the view point of a classy, sophistocated and stylish hotel. The instant I pulled up at the curb I knew we had made a good choice. Every detail has been tastefully considered. The hotel -- even the elevator -- is furnished with magnificent works of art, designed into little nooks that make dining with family or having a business meeting a special experience. The location is good too -- just down the block from the Cathedral and close to some good dining. (OK, dining costs a fortune in Montreal, and the meals take hours. However, on a minute-by-minute basis, I figure it's cheaper than McDonalds!) Strangely, the place was almost empty. We dined alone in the dining room, but the lamb and French wine were terrific. Go got a corner suite that was large and very comfortable, and I enjoyed playing with the peculiar electronic telephone that allows you to control every aspect of the room -- including the TV. We got a discount rate from Hotel.Com, but it would have been reasonable at the list price of about 540 a night, in my opinion. The views are not too special, but otherwisde an unforgettable experience. And if you have just a day or two, don't miss the Botanic Garden!	
Sep 3 2005	Beware of Expedia booked rooms	After booking a last minute AA flight to Montreal for a long weekend, I of course checked out trip adviser for reviews on Hotels. Decided we wanted to stay in Old Montreal. We were going up there for an &quot;event&quot; weekend, the CART race was on Sunday, many hotels were charging more than their usual rate. Le St Sulpice would have been my first choice, but at rates of $700, they were just too pricey. Le St James seemed to have even better reviews, so decided that was a good choice. I checked out online booking, and their site, which had no online reservations. I always like to check with the hotel for their rates, often they match or are lower than online. When I called and asked about rates, the person basically told me to book on Expedia, as I would get a much better rate.On Expedia their “standard” rate was 299. But after reading the fine print, these rooms only had a queen bed.. Their “deluxe” had a king for 359. So I booked the Deluxe.I have to include the fact my husband and I were getting away for a much needed R&amp;R weekend, we own our own business, and have gone through a very very stressful few months in preparation of opening a second location. My husband enjoys going to CART races and this seemed like a good short get-a-way. I really wanted the hotel to be perfect. When we arrived at the hotel and the staff was very gracious. A manager showed us to our room, it was very nice, but didn’t seem as large as was indicated on Expedia. When he left, I realized we only had a queen bed. Since I paid $60.00 more per night for the king, I requested we get a king room. I did have all my Expedia info printed out. Had to give it to them and they moved us to another room.This room was much larger, had a separate sitting area, the only downside was there was absolutely NO view. The room had four windows, 2 in the bedroom area, and two in the sitting area, both looking out at a brick wall. But we had our king bed, so was ok, but I was wondering if because we booked through Expedia we got a less desirable room? We walked around Old Montreal that night, had a great dinner at a nearby Italian restaurant, but were very tired and looking forward to relaxing in our room. My husband was a little disappointed they didn’t have cable or any pay per view movies, but he got over it.It was getting a bit chilly in our room, the air was off, we set the temp to 75. It just kept getting colder. Over night it got cold in our room. My husband was MISERABLE. The room temp went down to 66.(Thermostat was still set to 75) I know this isn’t horrible, but when your paying 360 a night, I think you should get the temp you want! I told the desk person first thing in the morning, and they said they would make sure this wouldn’t happen again. I told them how completely stressed out we have been, &amp; my husband was really uncomfortable. They said they would get a tech to fix it.We were out of the room all day Sunday at the race. After we got back checked the temp, it was still set at 75, the room temp was up to 71, but it was still nice out. I checked with the manager, they said they thought they had it fixed, if the temp didn’t raise in an hour call back.Went to dinner, got back and the room was getting cold again. Called the desk, expressed my concerns again, and they promised me it wouldn’t go below 72.. Since they don’t have cable they will put a DVD player in your room, and let you rent free DVDS.. We did that. By 10:30 the room was down to 69 again. Even though we were both uncomfortable, we were both so tired and just going to bundle up and hope for the best and go to bed, but the toilet seemed to be filling up... my husband flushed it(without using it) and it didn’t stop! By now it was after 11 at night and we were exhausted. He turned off the water, and I called the desk. They said they would send someone up to clean it up! With the room temp still falling, at this point I insisted on being moved, again. I really think they would have left us there if we let them.SO we moved to our 3rd room in 2 days. This room was exactly the same as the 1st, but did have a king bed. It defiantly seemed more of the square footage size of the standard room. This room did stay at the temp we set it at, so we were comfortable. I have never booked a hotel room through Expedia, or any other online agent before, I am wondering if we got some of their least desirable rooms? And why didn’t we get a king in the first place after paying extra for that? I saved about 30$ a night booking through Expedia, but this savings was not worth the frustration. I don’t want to trash the reviews of this hotel, because it did seem like a nice place to stay, I think we just might have had bad luck.I was just a little disappointed in the fact that after the 3rd move, and having to move after we went to bed for the 2nd night, I think they could have given us a nicer room. The hotel was not full and this definitely was an inconvience. This certainly wasn’t the relaxing experience I had hoped for.	
Aug 26 2005	Perfect end to our honeymoon	We stopped over earlier this year to the St James, at the end of a 3 weeks honeymoon of winter sports activities.......It is a very nice hotel and the staff are a major asset. Concierge were exceptional, got us tables in the best restaurants in montreal with one days noticeAt no point during our stay did we have any problems, housekeeping was excellent as well, very rare these days......Loved the phone in the room that controlled all the lights , tv, etc etc, great gadget....Also the welcoming fruit basket as we were honeymooners.....	
Aug 4 2005	By far the best in Montreal	Having stayed in over 20 hotels in Montreal, the St James is by far the best hotel, comfortable beds, excellent service and relaxing atmosphere. A definate must - see for travellers to MTL.	
Jul 28 2005	#1 reason to visit Montreal	Having never been to Montreal I was most impressed with the St James. It is the #1 reason I would return to the city. The staff never presented themselves without warmth and a smile. I might have to say it was the best experience I have had in a hotel. The feeling was a cross between a Grand Hotel and B&amp;B with the best of both. Location was key in the old section of Montreal. The rates are very resonable considering what is available to a guest. The room at any other Hotel in New York or Paris would start at $700, our rate was considerbly less. Walking distance from any type of restaurant (formal - casual). My wife and I looked at the Negilan and the Ritz Carlton when we were there. The Ritz Carlton appeared to be tired, The Negilan had a heavy smoking ordor. If it were not for the St. James I probably would not return to Montreal. My only complaint is that there are not any other locations.Westport, Ct.	
May 18 2005	A Gem in Old Montreal	We stayed at the Le St-James May 13-16 - our second stay (first was in 02, the yr it opened)...everything about this hotel is first class - it's really a small Four Seasons for 2/3's the price......staff was extremely helpful and professional - we had a deluxe junior suite which was spacious a very well decorated - housekeeping was thorough (including turndown)....ate dinner in the Grand Salon, food was very good....don't have a bad thing to say......suprised they only have 4 diamonds, when the St-James clearly deserves 5 diamonds. We will definetly go back.	
Feb 19 2005	only one problem	We stayed at this hotel Christmas 2004, arrived quite late, very welcoming on arrival greeted us at the taxi. Service impecable, rooms and general decor outstanding, concierge very helpful. Meals and room service great, resuarant staff great. We just thought it a bit strange that we enjoyed a half bottle of wine one night from the mini bar in the room, enjoyed it so much that we ordered full bottle (room service) that same night, when we examined the bill we had been charged $27 for the half bottle in the room fridge as published and around $72 for the full bottle, We thought this very odd.	
Sep 19 2004	Best hotel experience ever	We stayed at the Hotel Le St. James from 9/10/04 thru 9/14/04. I expected that the hotel would be beautiful but it was more than I imagined. I can't say enough about the staff --from the front desk to the wonderful concierge to the front door men each and every one couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The hotel itself is incredibly beautiful and comfortable and the staff makes each and every guest feel like it's their home. My husband and I can't wait to return.	
Aug 17 2004	Star Gazing at the 5 Star Le St James		
Jul 22 2004	My Best Hotel Experience		
May 6 2004	Absolutely Pampered!		
May 3 2004 	Montreal's Gem		
Apr 20 2004	A true definition of class.		
Mar 23 2004	Far from the ordinary		
Jan 4 2004	Elegance Charm and Friendliness		
Jul 16 2003	See it to Believe it		
Jul 7 2003	Very nice but for the price?		
Oct 15 2002	Perfection		
Nov 14 2009 	Un séjour de rêve!		
Apr 8 2009 	Qualité et service impeccable		
