	First Class All the Way!	When my boyfriend and I booked this hotel, we did not realize that it had only opened in Spring 2009. We stayed in a King Deluxe corner room, which was absolutely stunning. Service was first class and the staff were very professional and polite. The hotel is also a mere 8-10 minute walk from St. Paul in Old Montreal. The breakfast buffet was also impressive with top quality food and service. We would definitely stay there again when we return to Montreal.	
	Great Value	Stayed for a weekend with my wife, hotel location is pretty amazing, right near downtown core. After you get there pretty much anything is within walking distance. Got a great deal with flight from West jet. Hotel was still under construction so the pool was not open yet, but the rooms are fairly large, quiet and well decorated. Bathroom is also very nice, with higher end finishes. Overall great room for the value, would def. stay again.	
Nov 12 2009 	A couple of new hotel hiccups but great value and a beautiful room.	Best rate in the city by $75 per night. A brand new hotel - everything was very clean. The room was beautiful (great beds and bedding, large, well appointed, excellent bathroom), the buffet breakfast was great, and the public spaces were lovely. The gym was the best in-hotel gym I've seen - the equipment was state of the art. On the downside staff communication didn't seem the best - the front desk gave us coupons for the bar (because the Club was closed) and the bar staff didn;t seem to know what they were. The in-room movies aren't in place yet - annoying when travelling with kids. But all in all this would be our first choice next time we go to Montreal if the rate was right. Great location, too - couple of blocks from the harbour in one direction, couple of blocks from St. Catherines in the other.	
Oct 10 2009 	Overvaluedvery poorly managed shouldn't be a Westin	Stayed at Westin Montreal for two nights during labor day weekend. The hotel was somehow crowded and although I asked a high floor room and checked in at around 1pm, they weren't able to find a room higher then the 3rd floor. Obviously we got waken up early in the morning since there is a lot of traffic noise coming from St-Antoine st. Staff at the reception was a total disapointment, rude, indolent and wouldn't speak to me in french (do feel more comfortable speaking french). Also, when we checked-in our room, I checked the sheets to make sure they were new (as I always do) and I found some red stains that looked like lipstick on it. We also got surprised when we asked for bathrobes and that the delivery man, about 7 seconds after knocking on the door, got into the room although the do not disturb sign was on the door, this shows how well managed this hotel is... On the plus side, they brought (after two requests), a nice dog bed for our pet (30$ a night). Beds are also very comfortable. Very limited selection for room service. Won't return..	
Oct 8 2009 	Brand New Clean and Good Location	We stayed in the Westin for 3 nights in early August. It was brnad new and very clean and fresh. The staff tried top b helpful but being that it just opened there were a few glitches...but we still enjoyed it.The buffet breakfst was great and the location was good. It was right across from the convention center and a short walk to the old streets of Old Montreal	
Oct 8 2009 	Centrally located hotel with a Great Breakfast!	We had an excellent stay at this hotel. The room was clean &amp; spacious. Breakfast buffet was generous and delicious. The architecture of the pool being right above the main entrance was very cool...kids loved it! Our only complaint was that because it was so new, some things weren't working (the hot tub) and the staff, although very accommodating, didn't have it fully together yet. I am sure that by now, things are running very smoothly.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Luxury Hotel in Excellent Location	Excellent modern hotel in the center of Montreal, on the edge of the old town and a short walk to the city center shops.Had a great room, with a nice view up to Mont Royal. Clean, modern, spacious, very comfortable beds, well equipped bathroom, cable TV, AC, etc. Seen gripes about the staff on here, but they seemed fine to me.I can't vouch for the price as I didn't pay and I didn't eat in the hotel.	
Oct 1 2009 	Brand New -- very comfortable	Everything you'd expect in a new Westin property. Perfect for business travel, even though it is about a 10 min taxi ride from downtown or for a couples getaway. Service was personable. Rooms are brand new and fresh. The hotel is so comfortable and pleasant. Excellent room service for breakfast. Get the yogurt parfait and fruit platter-- heavenly. Bathrooms are modern and clean. Go now before more people find out that it has opened!	
Sep 15 2009 	Amazing beds! lousy front desk personnels	great location, very clean, renovation done, best beds in all of the hotels that we've stayed in...and we've stayed in many.....not very helpful front desk people, especially this one guy...we wanted to extend our stay one more nite at the same rate and i didn't like the condescending tone of speech...no smiles...I said i needed a cab to one woman and she just asked me to flag one on the street....i asked the same to the porter and bellboy outside and they were so helpful in calling a cab for me...and even recommended restaurants for me to go to when I asked....they were much much more friendlier than the so called &quot;friendly staff at the desk&quot;.....and the nice Korean lady who was the part-time lifeguard there was very personable and also gave me ideas for food.....oh internet is 49 cents a minute!!! forgot to mention, the cleaning lady was so nice that she even folded my daughter's clothes left on the sofa!!	
Sep 11 2009 	still underconstruction	We stayed Le Westin Montreal on 9/4 and 9/5. We were really looking forward to staying at your place because we heard that this hotel place is bland new, and we really enjoyed stay at Westin hotel when we lived in Japan. However, we had a miserable night at Le Westin Montreal. First, after we checked in, a porter lost my wife's jacket while he brought our baggage to our room, but he never admit that and claimed that she had left it in the car. My wife went to &quot;lost and found&quot; by herself and found it. It turned out that the porter had dropped her jacket on the hallway and somebody had found it. Second, this hotel is still under construction. There were tons of tools everywhere. The pool looked good, but the changing room was not ready. no shower and no locker there. The water was so cold and we couldn't stay there more than 10 minutes.Third and most importantly, the service was awful. We came back from the pool to our room shivering with cold and we wanted to take a shower in our room, but we could find bath towels. I asked room service to bring them, but they never came. I had to make a call to room service three times (we had to wait for 2hrs) To make it worse, no hot water came out.So I send an email and complained, and I got auto email reply saying &quot;we will give you extra starwood points for your inconvenience&quot;. We have decided never ever choose Westin for our next trip.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Location - Nice Hotel	My husband and I spent three nights at the new Westin Hotel in Montreal. There have been some bad reviews on this new hotel, but I'd like to say that we had a very nice experience. The room was very spacious and the bed and bathroom were truly &quot;heavenly&quot;. We didn't have any lines for breakfast, check in, or for the valet. So, I'm assuming some of these issues have been worked out. Additionally, the location is perfect. You can walk just about anywhere in the city. It is very centrally located. The only negative would be the pool. It is very small and cold.	
Sep 8 2009 	Gives Westin Chain a Bad Name	We got a really good price for the Westin, and that is probably b/c they have trouble attracting customers w/all of their problems. They can't get basic things right like refilling the coffee service, cups in the bedroom, or say, hot water (we had none for 2 days--which they compensated for w/a day of free parking at least). The staff seemed apologetic and nice, but they can't do anything about the fact that the hotel is so strangely built; if you get a cheap rate, you'll be in the short tower, which is an escalator ride and about .5 mile away from everything; the fact that it's not busy enough to sustain a bar that stays open; or that the hotel is in the middle of a sterile part of a city, a part of the city that feels and looks surprisingly dead. One great thing: the bed was heavenly at least, and for the most part, it was quiet.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Service Response to problems	We just stayed at the Westin and the bed was fabulous. We had a few service blips, but each time the hotel staff handled everything extremely well. They definitely have some kinks to work out but I feel in time it should be a fabulous hotel. Make sure to eat at the hotel restaurant the Gazette for dinner. We had a fabulously delicious dinner. The appetizer of mushrooms with polenta was excellent.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great new Hotel	Despite reports of poor service at this recently opened hotel we decided to try it having been very satisfied with Westin Hotels elsewhere.We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. Service was excellent...no problems at all.The rooms are on the large side and have the usual Heavenly Beds and Shower.Location is perfect on the outskirts of the old city. (There is a back entrance that enters directly into the old city ).Buffet breakfast was included. Plenty to eat and high quality. Fruit was outstanding.Located conveniently on the Metro for those who do not have a car or want to avoid Montreal's horrific traffic congestion.	
Sep 2 2009 	Beautiful hotel wonderful service great value!!!	August 11-14, 2009 - My husband recently had to go for a training in Montreal. The kids and I tagged along- ages 13, 5, and 4 weeks old. I chose the Westin based on being new and I thought the kids would like the pool (it has glass bottom panels that allow you to look below to the entry way of the hotel). We did the opening special which was $209 per night and included valet parking and breakfast for the 4 of us. (I think I heard that the price of the buffet breakfast alone was around $20 per person, so this deal was quite the savings!)The room- When we walked in to our room on the 16th floor, we thought it was beautiful. An oversized hotel room, with 2 heavenly beds (very comfy), a large desk, 2 chairs and side table. Lots of room for the 5 of us to move about. The view out of the huge window was of the city. It was a gorgeous view! The drapes on the window blocked out so much light that my kids slept in and had to be awakened at 930 every morning. You would have thought with how dark it stayed with the drapes pulled that it was night time - this was a very good thing, no peeping sun in the morning! The bathroom was large with a very large walk in shower. The vanity was granite and overall the lighting in the bathroom was very bright. The only bad thing is that they didn't have refrigerators yet. The bellman said that they would be getting them and there was a place for them in the dresser drawers cabinet. The place was very clean and housekeeping was more than accomodating. The service-Not speaking any French had me concerned as I heard that this may be a problem for us. Not so, everyone was very friendly to us and most in the city as well as the hotel spoke decent English. We had trouble getting our laptop to connect to the free high speed, and the front desk was very helpful with connecting us to the people to get it working. Within 5 minutes we were able to access the internet. Also, the concierege was very helpful in pointing out areas of interest and the best routes to get there.The location- This hotel is within walking distance to the pier and about 4 or so blocks away from the Notre Dame Basilica. The metro was right across the street. This hotel is located in Old Montreal.The pool- Although very small, it was great for the kids. There were also 2 &quot;hot tubs&quot; on the other side of the pool, but because all of the water was soooo cold, they were more like small pools. The kids would shower to get warm and then run and get into the pool. We never found out if there was a problem with the heater, but construction was still going on in the building close to the pool area.Construction- We did hear some construction noises but not until about 9 am and never in the evening. This was not a problem for us.Parking- It is all valet parking! I think it was $20 or so per day, but we had it included in our package. It only took about 5 minutes for us to get our car when we needed it! Quick service.Restaurant- This was a 4 or 5 star restaurant and had a wonderful breakfast buffet with everything you could want. The omelets were the best! Room service was very expensive, but isn't it always? Very good food though and only about 30 minutes wait. Dinner was very good and we received coupons for buy one entree get 1/2 off of the second along with kids eat free coupons when we checked in. We still spent $40 with tip included, but it was very delicious food with excellent service as the restaurant was pretty empty at 7 pm.Overall impression - Even though this was a very nice hotel, there were lots of families there. You would have never known it though because the hallways were very quiet! It seemed as though we were the only ones there (but we saw our neighbors going into their rooms a few times). I am very picky in my taste for hotels I stay at and this one definitely met and exceeded my expectations. I would recommend this hotel to everyone and would stay there again if I ever go back to Montreal!!!	
Sep 1 2009	It's ready -- best sleep ever until the 7am fire alarm	Had a free night at this new property. Reading the reviews, I was worried but figured the hotel construction would be over by now. It basically was. The room was spotless, brand new, etc. Great mattress. Got a quiet room facing another building. The location was great if you are at the Congress convention center--otherwise it would be a bit of a walk in the winter. Only one complaint--they did a fire alarm drill at 7am ! I ran downstairs only to find out it was a test of the fire system at 7am. PS The hotel does not have a mini bar or other food for sale in the room. Also, it is not owned by Westin. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	
Sep 1 2009 	Beautiful new hotel across from convention center	This hotel and decor are really lovely and the rooms very large!! We were just getting our Montreal sea legs however and I would comment that while it is equi-distant to both Old Montreal and St. Catherine, it is really not super close to either (15-20 minute walk). It really is located super conveniently across from the convention center which was not of interest to us. With that said, the hotel value was fantastic and the breakfast amazing!!! The hotel was very busy with all types of travelers and they did a great job accommodating all of the needs. Best features: large lovely clean rooms and wonderful breakfast in a hip urban environment.	
Aug 30 2009 	Champagne Hotel for a Beer Budget	Just got back from 4 days in Montreal. The Le Westin is still under a little construction, I only saw a few things and none had any impact on our stay. I traveled with my wife and 4 yr daughter. We book a standard king room and I brought a inflatable mattress with us for the little one. However I was the one that ended up in it. The rooms where larger than average and brand new and very clean, a nice double shower in the bathroom too. I have stayed in a lot of hotels that cost alot more and where no where near as nice. Great location just a block from Notre Dame Church, We didnt eat at the hotel and followed recommendations for eggspectations just around the corner, breakfast was really good.Do not eat at Le Pyrennes, the carriage ride guy that took us for a ride recommended this place and it was horrible.The Bad, The bar closed at 12 each night we where there, the pool was a little cold for me too.	
Aug 30 2009 	Worderful hotel #1 choice in Montreal	Our family of four spent 4 nights in July and we loved this hotel. We were somewhat skeptical because of the previous reviews but were pleasantly surprised. From the service to the location, this hotel is a great choice. The staff was extremely helpful and the rooms were spacious, clean and nicely decorated. We arrived after a 5 hour drive, and were supposed to drop off the rental car at the airport. The young man who greeted us suggested we drop it off at a location near the hotel, so we would save the 45 minute drive and the taxi fare when returning to the hotel. He called the company himself and made the arrangement. We met with him later in the lobby and he gave us wonderful restaurant suggestions. It turns out he was the food and beverages manager at the hotel. It goes to show how much effort they are putting into service, when the food and beverages manager pitches in wherever he is needed. The location is hard to beat. We walked everywhere and after a long day our daughters enjoyed the glass bottom pool. Very unique indeed.We highly recommend this hotel when visiting Montreal.	
Aug 26 2009 	Not Ready For Prime Time	In time, say 6 to 9 months, this facility may be ready for service. Until then I wouldsuggest you try another property. As a Starwood member, we usually select a Westinwhere available because of the outstanding service provided. However, this hotel isfar below the high standards of The Westin. There are so many problems with this hotel that it is difficult to know where to begin.Rarely have I ever written a critical review of a Westin Hotel. The facility has great po-tential but is not ready for prime time. I has opened far too early with inadequate training of staff, completion of work in progress, and poor design.Several previous reviews have mentioned some of the difficulties they have encounterede.g., poor concierge service, lack of adequate staff, inconsistent service, long waits togain &quot;access&quot; to your car even after paying over $25 a night for parking. My wife and Ilove Montreal and Quebec, appreciating the people and the culture; but this hotel doesnot give a good first impression of such a wonderful city. We travel to Quebec for pleasure often and have never been disappointed. Management really needs to takenote in a very serious way the needs that are to be met. While I received an apology from the hotel for the poor service, that is fine but it won't &quot;cut it&quot; if this is not addressed.While the few staff we dealt with were very pleasant and did the best they could underthe circumstances, smiles and kind gestures need to be met with service.At this point, I would not recommend this hotel to my friends. Perhaps in another 6 to12 months, with a hit and miss here and there, this facility may be ready for &quot;prime time&quot;.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location lovely service clean and rooms to perfection!	We just barely got back from Montreal and couldnt wait to write a review. Service- Amazing, always polite and helpful. The concierge gave us maps to everywhere and just about anything. Valet parking was very helpfull.Rooms- Lustrious beds, comfortable pillows, bi-lingual stations on the plasma tv, and extremely spacious.Location- Le Westin is located smack center of all of the attention. All restaurants are within walking distance. very close to Subway for fast travel. This by far was one of the most elgant and relaxing hotel i've ever stayed in.	
Aug 24 2009 	Le Westin Montreal is the best!	Just got back from spending two nights in Montreal at the newly opened Westin. It was fantastic! We were greeted at the door by a very pleasant parking valet who whisked our car away, while another valet carried our luggage into the hotel. The hotel lobby is breathtaking as is the decor throughout, including the restaurant, bar and our room. Every staff member that we encountered spoke flawless english and made us feel very welcome. We will be going back!	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice building good location not quite finished.	Stayed there for three nights in early August. Everyone there was very helpful and the hotel is located in a very convenient location in Montreal. It is a brand new hotel and is somewhat trendy and well designed.Several problems came up over our stay. First there weren't refrigerators in every room. We order one from the front desk but they were all taken. They put us on a waiting list but we never received a fridge.Also the wireless internet was broken on our floor. We couldn't find any do not disturb signs and were constantly being bothered by the cleaning staff. While there is a pool in the building it is rather small. The heater for the pool was broken during our stay and the general pool area is not all that nice.I wouldn't stay at this hotel again unless I was 100% certain all of these problems were fixed.	
Aug 21 2009 	Fabulous location clean pleasant stay wouldn't stay anywhere else upon returning to Montreal	My boyfriend and I were a bit hesitant to book this hotel after reading reviews of incompleteness, elevator malfunction, etc. But, we ended up booking a standard room, king size bed, for our two night/three day mini-vacation to Montreal. It was one of the better experiences I have had while traveling. To begin, the location is WONDERFUL. If you walk one way, you are at Old Montreal/Notre Dame Cathedral, and if you walk the other way, you are downtown, right on Sainte Catherine street. It seemed to be only a max of 20 minutes from anything and everything. We have extremely high standards for dining, and every restaurant we went to (each within comfortable walking distance of the hotel) was outstanding. The GPS brought us right to the entrance of the hotel on Sainte Antoine street, and we had the car valeted. We had booked through hotels.com, and since I brought a copy of the confirmation email, check-in was easy. We received two keys for the 15th floor. Upon arriving in the room, we were pleased with the simple, elegant decor complete with a flat screen TV, and an iHome speaker/clock radio. After two nights I can say that the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on. Everything was extremely clean and new!We had brought some juice and beverages to have in the hotel and were a bit surprised to find that there was no mini-fridge. However, we called concierge for some ice buckets and they were brought up promptly by an employee. This ended up making the drinks colder even quicker, so it ended up working out nicely. For $142 a night, this was super comfortable, clean, and a great location. It would be great for a businessman as well as it would be great for a family vacation. I would ONLY stay here if and when I return to Montreal! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Aug 19 2009 	Terrific Stay Great Location	We recently stayed for a week at this hotel while attending a conference at the Palais de Congres across the street.The hotel was also in easy walking distance of the Notre Dame basilica and Old Montreal. Thanks to my husband's Starwood Gold status, we were upgraded to the club lounge level. (We had also signed up for a great pre-paid deal, where every other night was half-price.) Our room was fantastic: comfy beds, double-headed stall shower, good blackout shades. The workout facilities were open and provided various machines, plus a pool. The only sign we had that the hotel was still not complete were workmen around during the day (although we didn't hear them in the morning) and the elevators malfunctioned a couple of times. However, I would highly recommend this hotel: the room was great and the staff were all helpful and friendly.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great spot wonderful bed	I arrived late for my meeting. Fortunately, I was greeted in the lobby and my car was taken promptly for valet parking. I checked in, went to my room, changed and was back on the street in 15 minutes.Everyone was polite, courteous and efficient. I felt like I was staying with friends. The rooms are new, the bed is comfortable and the food at the hotel restaurant was excellent. It was hot in Montreal (!!) but the room was nice and cool. Excellent location both to reach by car and to visit the old city. I will definitely stay there again. It is an excellent Westin hotel. Wife agrees.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice stay still not ready	I was excited to stay at this new Westin property in Old Montreal. There still seems to be a bit of work left to do to make it an inviting hotel experience. The style is very nice, I liked the grand entrance and the glass bottom pool. The room was fairly spacious and well appointed, very nice bathroom with glass door shower and very comfortable Queen-size beds. You can tell the hotel is not ready yet because: lack of signage!! I had no idea how to get to my room! The hotel is very big and feels like a maze! There are two &quot;towers&quot; in this hotel -- I was in the rear tower. To get to my room, I needed to climb the escalator to the restaurant/lounge level, then find the elevator -- of which there were several. The first bank of elevators I tried, nearest to the escalators, brought me up to an open and unfinished space which was definitely not my floor. It looked like unfinished convention or office space, which was strangely unrestricted to curious or lost guests. When I returned to the lounge level, a security guard approached me and instructed me to go down another hall to find the correct elevator. On my floor, I also noticed a number of rooms with sheets of paper taped to the door with room numbers on them, and boxes of materials (light bulbs, signs, etc) just sitting around. Trying to find the pool/fitness room, involved going down the elevator to the lounge level, walking through the lounge area, and going up another set of elevators in the other tower. Again, no signage, so I had to guess where these other elevators were and what floor the pool was on. Some travel tips... the Metro is just across the street at the Palais des Congres. You can also park there for half of what the hotel charges for parking. There is an Eggspectation restaurant around the back of the hotel, where you can get a good breakfast or lunch for a fraction of what the hotel's restaurant charges. Aside from the problems experienced -- which I can overlook now that I've explored and figured out where everything is -- the staff were very polite and helpful for any questions I had or issues I couldn't resolve on my own. I'd like to see what this place will look like in another 6-12 months from now, after these issues have (hopefully) been corrected.	
Aug 13 2009 	Westin was okay but still has a few problems.	As previously posted, there is still no fridge in the room, the hardware on the dresser fell off and the elevators in the main tower are slow. The main problem with the elevators was in the morning and the evenings (around dinner time) during the weekends. There are only 3 elevators to service the main wing and, even thou the floors aren't that big, the elevators are always busy. During the week days we didn't have this problem with the elevators. The snack shop in the lobby had very little of offer and you had to go to the front desk to pay for your items. This was a real turnoff, especially when there was a long line of guests waiting to register. Also, there are no ice machine on the floor, so I called the operator to have someone bring up some ice. After about 20 minutes, I had to call again about the ice. Another 10 minutes went by and, finally, the ice arrived.The pool and fitness center were open, but there is still work needed in the immediate area (i.e. the bathrooms). Overall, the room was nice and clean. We didn't have to wait that long at check in and the location is great, close to Old Montreal, but the hotel still has some issues that it needs to work on.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location great staff but overall let-down	Great location &amp; great staff - friendly and helpful. But there are things that spoil the overall experience in this hotel which is out of the control of the staff.Whoever designed this hotel should not be designing another one. First of all, the drive-in drop-off area is too small - put 3 big cars and a taix in there, and you have urself a traffic jam. It is much better to park temporarily on the street to unload - kinda defeat the purpose of staying at this luxury hotel. During check-in checkout times, despite the valet/bell boys working flat out, it still takes 50 min to get my car out of the carpark. C'mon Westin, we are paying $26 for the valet - at least provide some service. This is not a matter of valet/bell boys being lazy (they aren't), but a matter of having a better system. Same goes to the checkin checkout counter - you should expect a longggggg queue during &quot;peak&quot; hours. Express checkout solves part of the problem.2nd bad design: if your room is in another tower at the back, you have to haul your luggage from the lobby up the lift or escalator one floor up, then haul it 100 metre to another lift, then haul it up to your floor.3rd bad design: the king bed room is tiny with hardly any room to move. Trying to squeeze so much furniture in is stupid. Switching on all 3-4 lights in the room still does not provide adequate lighting - but I guess some people like the room dim. The light surrounding the ensuite bathroom mirror is nice but stupid - it is too glarey to the eyes.Everything used in the room is genuinely good stuff though, from linen to toileteries to the heavenly bed. The room is also very well-made up each morning. But, if you're paying that much, you'd expect that much.So, overall, it's a good hotel, but I won't go there again just because there are too many little things that add up to spoil the overall experience. For similar price, you have heaps of options around town. But if the helpful and smiley staff makes your day, then go ahead and stay there.	
Aug 10 2009 	Still not ready for primetime...	Don't believe the reviews saying that this hotel has worked out it's kinks, anyone there this past Sunday (when the elevators were all broken again and the valet area was a complete disaster) would disagree.The rooms themselves are large and nice and ready for guests, at least for the most part, but the property as a whole still seems like it hasn't undergone a final check through with Starwood, in preparation for actually opening. As a result, as with any franchise, it kind of tarnishes the brand as a whole.The underlying problem we witnessed over four days was a management/manpower one: this property needs desperately a competent general manager and then it needs to hire many more workers, especially on weekends. The staff we encountered were helpful and great but there just weren't enough of them. This caused a horrible tie up in the valet area with guests waiting an hour for their cars and an employee passing out from being overworked. This also caused long check-in lines and in actuality no real dedicated concierge, as they were expected to check people in, too. As for the elevators, the property should act like the airlines and give some sort of credit to anyone staying there when they are broken. It really isn't fun carrying kids up dozens of flights of stairs. This isn't all the property's fault - I'm sure it's Thyssen Krupp - who installed defective elevators - including designing a system that could take down all of the three elevators at once. But as consumers we don't think about the bad service work of Thyssen Krupp, but instead blame the hotel.It's just not the only little design flaw of the hotel . Aside from the parking debacle and lack of sufficient space, I don't understand how someone could have designed a swimming pool that small for a property that large. The heat still doesn't work so it now appears that there are three small pools but at some point in the future they will eventually fix the heating problems and then the sole remaining pool will be tiny (even if the glass bottom is very cool).Whether it's space in the cabinet of your room empty begging for a small refrigerator or an exercise room lacking earphones, this hotel still doesn't live up for the westin name. Which is ashame, because the hardworking staff, few of them that there are, are nice and make a great effort and should be recognized. Time for a management change to actually get this property to the level it should be. Hard to believe someone spent thirty plus million dollars to leave it at this state of functioning. I'm surprised at Starwood for allowing the property to open and operate at this level - it's a nice property.	
Aug 10 2009 	Worse Valet Service Ever	Missing soap, missing cup, missing bathrobe, the room has strange loud cracking sound that was irritating when trying to sleep, but most of all...the valet service! you pay 25 dollars a night and you expect some quality valet service...but don't expect that here...first day...20 minutes...okay...acceptable...2nd day...30 minutes....alright pushing it....3rd day...1 hour and 30 minutes to get my car! even if they pay me 25 dollars to park my car with them I wouldn't. Not to mention the last day of my stay...all elevators had broken down...so we had to wait forever for the employee elevator..and then i had to deal with the 1 hour and a half wait for my car....STAY AWAY if you need to park your car.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location Huge Rooms Wonderful Stay!	We stayed at the Westin Aug. 5 through 9 and were pleasantly surprised--especially after reading the less than stellar reviews. Positive:Our room was huge--two queen beds--not doubles--with a seating area, desk, etc. and plenty of room to spare. Excellent location--the metro is right across the street and Old Montreal is a two minute walk away. We walked to restaurants every night and found the area to offer lots of options.Cleanliness--our room was spotless, as were the common areas we saw. The bartender was very friendly and welcoming--and made good wine recommendations too.Room service was really fast--a plus after a late (10 p.m. arrival).Negatives:They are grossly under-staffed. They need at least four or five people on the front desk during peak periods. The most we saw was three. Fortunately for us, we didn't arrive or depart at peak, but I felt for those who were standing in line.The restaurant is crazy expensive. Breakfast for two (bagel with smoked salmon and a yogurt/granola parfeit with coffee for two: $49 with tip). Food was good though.They need a real gift shop with a real clerk. You have to pay for gift shop items at the front desk and, if there's a line...well, you get the picture.They were having elevator issues Sunday morning as I was leaving, but a quick call to the front desk and they sent someone up with the frieght elevator so I could check out. I would definitely stay here again when visiting Montreal.	
Aug 9 2009	The Westin Hotel on St. Antoine	We stayed in a suite in this hotel for 3 days. It was the worst hotel experience we have ever had in Montreal.More importantly, none of our problems were fixed and, an extensive letter to the manager was totally ignored.The lobby was consistently full of unhappy customers with problems. There was never adequate desk staff to deal with them (e.g., it took 30 minutes to get our key reprogrammed after we could not get into our room).Avoid this place like the plague.	
Aug 8 2009 	Uninspired Corporate Hotel with a Good Location and Restaurant	Spent four nights at the newly opened Westin on a upper floor. The room had great view of the city skyline with Mont Royal in the background. Originally I had thought is was a good deal at $141 (approx $160 with tax) a night off their website. But, as usual, you get what you pay for.The previous reviewers were correct.Pros:a) Professional, courteous check inb) Room was very clean and had a very comfortable king sized bed. You can buy it for $3200 if you wish at the Westin website.c) Location - Top of old Montreal, across the street from the “Palais des congrès” convention centre and right next to the Metro. Tip : At the Congress centre, you can find a mini mall with cafes, shops, Tim Hortons, and a shop selling beer, wine, cigs etc. that is open until 11 pm. The entrances to the Congress mall are not marked well, and look like entrances to an office building.d) Exercise Room – The pool is great for kids (small &amp; supervised) with a glass bottom. The exercise room is very clean and has a variety of both cardio and weight machines (beware Ladies – the lowest free-weight is 7.5 lbs). d) Gazette, the hotel restaurant, was ultra modern, had an extensive wine list and was of high quality - Recommended !e) Room internet, wired not WIFI, worked well.Cons:a) For a new hotel, the decor is bland, uninspired, and corporate. The entrance is cave like and always involved navigating SUVs and baggage carts. Layout is awkward and the elevators are 50 metres from the lobby although they were high speed with rarely a wait.b) The room did not have a minibar or fridge, however, the smallest ice bucket I have ever seen was available to find a hidden ice machine behind an unmarked door. Signage please !c) The windows are sealed, forcing you to enjoy recycled hotel air.d) My room didn't have a bathtub but the shower was large and modern.e) I always like to read about the a city’s attractions before I venture out to explore the city. In the room there were no city guides and the room information was weak. I then checked out the lobby where &quot;five star&quot; hotels always have obvious large collections of brochures and info. None there. Back in the room I turn on the cheap LCD TV to check out guest services and the local hotel channel. The hotel doesn’t even have an interactive TV system. Checking out involved using a paper folder in a drop box. Is this a new hotel in 2009 I am visiting, I wonder ?f) A one litre bottle of room water was $5. Don’t insult your guests this way.	
Aug 8 2009 	This was my first impression of Montreal and I was ready to leave upon arrival.	I arrived with my husband after a 6 hour drive. We arrived an hour or so after check-in so it wasn't that busy. However, there was no one around when we pulled up to the hotel. After waiting a couple of minutes I went to the front desk to check-in while my husband unloaded the car. He joined me at the check-in desk with our luggage in tow and no one offered to help us with it. The clerk at the desk was not friendly at all in fact he was actually quite cold. I found this very strange because even though I was tired from the drive, I greeted him in French and with a smile. I found out upon check-in that Expedia booked the wrong package. I was on the phone with Expedia Customer Care while they phoned the hotel to request an upgrade. They were told that there were no upgrades available but minutes after I hung up the phone another clerk upgraded a package for someone else checking in after us! We decided to go to our room and to our horror, the room overlooked the back and roof of office buildings. We once again attempted a room change to no avail. We were literally ready to just leave and go elsewhere but stayed because the room was pre-paid. We only found the consierge once but we did find a lovely young lady from the Sales Department who saved the trip for us by giving us dinner suggestions and just greeting us everytime that she sa us with a smile. The hotels advantages are the covered entrance and its proximity to everything in Old Montreal. We did not take the car out even once, The room despite the horrific view was clean and the decor was very Asian inspired with realxing color choices. Construction was complete so we didn't encounter any construction noise or zones but the Spa was not yet opened which we knew in advance. The staff must improve their customer service or this hotels elegant Zen-like environment will not be able to sustain it.	
Aug 6 2009 	We will be back at the Westin	The service was great. The staff were friendly. The room was very nice and my husband and I loved the bed. We ate dinner at the hotel and I had the best ceasar salad I have ever had in my entire life. The gym and pool area was very nice. Their is a Tim Hortons across the street in the convention center which you always have access to. We will be back and stay at this hotel. My only issue would be the cost to park. I feel for what you pay for the rooms parking should be included.	
Aug 1 2009 	Beautiful Hotel-Construction is Basically Finished	My family recently stayed at Le Westin Montreal for 3 nights while touring the city, and this hotel is beautiful and fresh. At this point, the vast majority of construction in the hotel is finished. You no longer need to worry about the hotel being understaffed, elevators not working, dusty rooms, etc. We didn't encounter any problems. The only things that still need to be finished are the sidewalk pavement on the corner by the hotel and a little bit of construction in a small area near the fitness center. However, these are extremely minor things that won't impact your stay.When we arrived to check-in, we were greeted by an extremely professional and upbeat staff. Since the hotel is so new, everyone who works there still seems to be energetic and excited, ready to help you with whatever you need. The valet staff was helpful, but not pushy, greeting us every time we walked into or out of the hotel and always bringing the car up very quickly. We were impressed by the staff's ability to recognize us and always greet us in English once they realized that we don't speak French. It was a nice little detail that you don't necessarily find at large city hotels. The front desk staff was also very professional, willing to answer any of our questions and addressing concerns with the utmost in professionalism. The drive-up entrance area to the hotel is nice, in that it is completely covered and removed from the street. It was nice to be able to walk into the covered area and get the car brought up without feeling like we were in the middle of a busy city street. This will definitely be nice in the winter. Because the hotel was made from a combination of old and new buildings and wings, it is set up a little bit oddly, but we never found this to be a problem. The lobby is rather large, with seating areas on one side, and a large check-in area on the other. There were escalators up to the second floor which offered more seating areas and the lounge/bar.We were given a room with 2 queen beds in the new main tower where most rooms are located (I believe it was called the St. Antoine tower). The elevators were down a hallway past the restaurant, and front desk. It was kind of nice that we had to walk past the front desk every time we went to the room, since the staff always said hello and recognized us by the second day. Each of the guest room floors is relatively small, set up in a square shape with rooms on all 4 sides. I imagine that some of the views are less than stellar, but we were given a room on a high floor facing out toward Rue St. Antoine, so we had a decent view of the Palais de Congres, the small park/square by the hotel, and some downtown office and apartment buildings. The room itself was gorgeous and brand new. Everything still had a new smell to it, in a good way. The room had 2 queen beds with the usual Westin white down ensemble. There was a small sitting area with 2 chairs, a large desk, and a nice large flat screen tv. The bathroom was one of our favorite parts, as it was spacious with a huge walk-in shower. This is a feature we loved. For a city hotel, the room was actually very large, and the window was large to let in a lot of light during the day. Everything was decorated in gray, white, and light blue, so we found the room to be a true calming retreat after each long day of touring Montreal. We were on the executive club level, so we had access to the club lounge. Since our stay was partially over a weekend, we didn't get full use of it. We arrived on Saturday night and we were surprised that it wasn't open for breakfast until Tuesday, with hors d'oeuvres being offered starting on Monday night. The club lounge staff was all very pleasant and professional, and the lounge itself had a lot of nice seating. It could be a bit small if the hotel was full, but we didn't experience any problems. We enjoyed the breakfast, with the usual cold items. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, but we did take a peek at the menu for breakfast and prices were the usual for hotels, with the buffet breakfast around $20 per person and individual entrees around $14. We didn't check the menu for dinner.The indoor swimming pool is very interesting and fun, since it has a glass bottom in the center that looks down to the hotel entranceway below. It was always fun to walk into the hotel and watch people swimming above, and our family enjoyed going in the pool. There were also two smaller pools next to the large glass-bottom pool, which looked like jacuzzis, but turned out not to be. I don't exactly know what they were, since they were the same depth as the main pool, but weren't any warmer and didn't have whirlpool jets. The pool closes early at 7 pm, so be aware of this before planning a later swim.The hotel's location is perfect for touring Montreal. There are 2 metro stops within easy walking distance, Square Victoria and Place d'Armes. The hotel staff directed us to walk to the 2 blocks to Square Victoria, but we found it easier to use Place d'Armes, which can be accessed very easily by walking through the nice and new Palais de Congres that is directly across the street. Vieux Montreal and the Notre Dame Basilica are only a block or two away as well. We also walked from the hotel up to McGill University and Parc Mont Royal, which were a bit of an uphill hike, but still doable. The area around the hotel was a bit dead on the weekend, since it's a business area, but it was very safe and centrally located to everywhere we wanted to go. There are many restaurants close to the hotel. You may not see much upon first inspection, but walking around the surrounding 2 or 3 blocks in any direction will reveal a good number of cafes and restaurants.All in all, we loved our stay at this brand new hotel. Everything about it was new and clean, with the great service and atmosphere we've come to expect at Westin properties. We didn't experience any problems with construction, so I'd say it's now safe to start staying here! Most of the kinks seem to be worked out. We'll be back if we're even in Montreal again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Was expecting more from a Westin	We decided to stay here b/c this hotel was only 7 months old. Typically, new hotels are very clean and everything seemed a little nicer. Even though the hotel was open, construction was not complete. The pool was still being worked on. So, if you want to go to the pool, they tell you to use the pool at the InterContinental next door (as they are sharing a pool until the Westin’s pool is done). We noticed that even though it was only a few months old, hardware for the dresser was missing. Also, the hotel maintenance crew insisted on coming in when the ‘do not disturb’ sign was posted on the door, to take a look at broken bathroom door, which was not reported by us (does this mean they put us in a room knowingly with a broken shower door?). The hotel also makes the bed with 2 thick down comforters (it took us 2 nights to figure this out), which is probably useful during the cold winters. However, our stay was in July, we were sweating every night with the temperature @ 64 degrees Ferenheit. We finally decided put one of the comforters on the floorThere are some pluses to this hotel, it is very convenient - only 3 blocks to Rue St. Paul, the heart of old Montreal and the Notre Dame Church. There are tons of great eateries near by and a short walk to metro.The poor rating is because I expected a new Westin to be better. I would only recommend this hotel if they have better service &amp; completed their construction. Otherwise, stay elsewhere.	
Jul 28 2009 	Birthing Pains at the newest Westin	This Westin is the newest in the group and opened in June. The handsome re-use of an old Montreal newspaper building is quite impressive.The hotels' entrance is literally carved into the building and features a one of kind swimming pool atop the entrance where swimmers wave at the visiting guest through the pool's glass bottom!The rooms have been cleverly incorporated into the building design. The corner rooms are suite like in size with wall- to wall windows.The hotel si still in a shakeout period. On Sunday, the elevators had a mind of their own. We rode a full elevator up and down three times as it round tripped between the 3rd and 17th floors without stopping.The hotel's restaurant was inundated with breakfast guests taking advantage of the buffet. There was a long line of guests waiting for a table and the servers were overwhelmed by the crowds. As most of the diners used buffet coupons, I can't see a change in the crowds.The hotel is only half open and they are finishing construction of a second wing. Hopefully, they will be able to accomodate more guests at the restaurant in the future. The location is very convenient to Old Montreal, Notre Dame and the Congrees Center. The building is connected to the passageways behind the buiding for those seeking cover during inclement weather and the Congress Center connects the undergorund passage ways and subway.	
Jul 27 2009 	The service was fantastic but this hotel is missing a few things	Overall, I enjoyed my stay. The entire staff was the most friendliest and courteous bunch- from the valet to the front desk. Getting our car out of the parking garage was very easy each morning. We called the front desk and made them aware of the time we needed the car and it was down by the valet stand each time. The linens on the bed was fabulous - soft, comfy and to die for. However, we were missing a refrigerator in our room, but we had the ice maker across the hall. The pool area was left to be desired on the 4th floor. It was rather small and none of them were heated so it was a bit cold in the beginning. But we did enjoy that everything was so new.	
Jul 26 2009 	great location great rooms	My wife and I stayed at Le Westin in early July for 3 nights while we visited sites in and around Montreal. I got a deal on the Westin through Travelzoos which gave us 45% off the listed rate so that was quite nice.The hotel was only opened for 7 weeks when we stayed so they were still working on some parts and the pool was not yet opened. It all still smelled new.The valet parking was a real treat and not something this traveler is used to. This service was included in the $26/night parking fee which is reasonable considering you are downtown and you would be hard pressed to find better price to park.Rooms were very nice and spacious. Beds were very comfortable with lots of pillows and bathroom was spacious and well appointed. We did not have a tub, only shower, which was okay with us.Location of this hotel is what really sold me. 2 blocks from Notre Dame church and within walking distance of all other old downtown activities. Nice for seeing the sites and going for drinks and dinners.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Stay!	We stayed at the Westin for one night on July 17th. We thought the hotel was very nice, it felt very luxurious. The pool and gym were both open and being used. The valet service went smoothly. When we checked in, the person at the front desk told us they would give us a nice room with a view, and they did! We had a beautiful view of the city. I'm not sure what other people are complaining about, but we thought the room was very nice and the bed is sooooooo comfortable. My only complaint was that they forgot to put bar soap in our bathroom, but no biggie. Just ask and they'll send some to your room.	
Jul 15 2009 	Potential but just not ready	When we arrived after our 6 hour drive, we pulled up to where we thought the valet should be, in front of the hotel. We didn't find one so we continued to an area where it looked like the parking lot was only to find I almost slammed into a circular construction site. After 20 minutes of trying to get out because there wasn’t a U-Turn available, my hubby had to drive the car out while I stayed outside and directed. No one came out to help.We told the hotel this twice and even after 3 nights of stay, they still didn't put up a sign to warn guests. I heard a couple of folks did the same thing from other guests. We went to the front office only to find our room wasn't ready even after I called twice to confirm. They asked us to join the happy hour on the 3rd floor where wine and cheese were being given. I asked them where the pool was (after confirming w/ a SPG rep.) and they told me it won't be opened until fall. I was pretty pissed off and the parking space about this but up we went, they told us we can cab it for free to the Sheraton. After pouring a glass of wine and beginning to RELAX, we were approached by a server telling us we &quot;over poured&quot; what was our half glasses of wine. We were mortified, as other guests were staring at us so we moved.Finally, our room was ready, we were upgraded and we found it nice but not completed. The club room usually is the best at any SPG property but this looked like a standard. The drawer’s knobs were missing and the hallway lights electrical wires were hanging down. I told my husband forget it, let's just go work out. The gym's restrooms were not even competed, there were black curtains everywhere and the carpet wasn't installed correctly. There was no water and 2 guests when we arrived said they called twice. We gave up on that and went back up to get dressed and to ask the concierge where we should go. They really had no clue but we were told to make sure to come back to the Club Room happy hour (not the bar one) for the club room guests. When we did trek all the way back, making sure not to miss it, you will not believe that it was closed. No warning, sign or anything. We called and they told us, that staff member was sick.On the 2nd day, while I was waiting for my hubby to come down, he got stuck in the elevator (which only 2 were working). When we got back later, none were working and we had to use the freight elevator to go up and down, they told us they would call the guests when the elevator was working. We never got that call. I called SPG to let them this is a safety concern and to also inform them on what was going on with the hotel. We were filed a report but our stay was already ruined. Again, no water in the gym had to call twice. We were also being stared at by the servers at the bar; I think they thought we were going to pour another glass of wine! Way to treat gold and platinum guests.They hotel staff as kind and sweet as they were just seemed to be lost. The concierge really had no idea where to send us on all 3 nights so I went on the internet to check w/ TA (this was a last minute trip). The staff just kept apologizing for everything that was happening, SPG even had the manager call us and speak with us about our stay. By the last night it was too late. We decided to go to Montreal for anniversary and I have to say I think not having an amazing time had a lot to do with the frustrations of the hotel. We just never knew what was going to go wrong when we got back. I would stay here again but not for some time and making sure with trip advisor reviewers that it is ready. The staff, especially the manager, Vincent, tried their absolute best to make things right but it just didnt make up for things. The hotel is beautiful and has A LOT of potential but for the Westin brand and the price, try elsewhere and try it next year when all the kinks are out.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location and good price	The staff were really nice and helpful, the rooms were clean and spacious, beds really comfortable. Bathrooms were nice and it was really quiet. The pool would have been nice, but it wasn't complete and some of the elevators were not in operation yet. Some things in the room caused a bit of inconvenience (no fridge, no ice on the floor yet, some minor details in the bathroom were incomplete, ridiculously expensive bottled water in the rooms). The parking is pretty expensive too but the staff pointed us to cheaper parking across the street. Our room had a great view but our friend's room looked out onto a brick wall. Basically this hotel is complete enough to be open for operation - but just barely.However, overall it was good. We got a really really good price for the night and it was in a great location, it was very comfortable and the staff were nice.	
Jul 12 2009 	Not good	I had mixed feelings about booking in a new hotel...but got a good rate so decided to go for it. As it turns out, I should have listened to that inner voice.Stayed the first few days of July - pulled up and couldn't locate a valet, lobby area deserted, finally found one person to check us in. Agree with previous reviewer that entire hotel very corporate and generic, yet if you were the events planner for your company, I would be very nervous about booking a conference here...at least for several months until they finish the place. Room was nice, flat screen, etc. Didn't bring the laptop so no idea on the wifi, Heavenly Bed is great, bathroom nice but nothing too special (what is the point of the double-headed shower?), we had a nice view from the 21st floor to the river. Room was tight, however, not terribly spacious and no local area information, maps, etc. - the stuff you usually find on the desk. We were not upset about the pool, as I knew it was not complete - they do say that on the website someplace, I believe. Good location for walking, access to subway, etc. (Right next door to Embassy Suites and Intercontinental.)Elevators consistently out of service. No water one night from 2 - 5am (they did announce it in advance).We had a club room and the club was a joke! First of all, this is a new hotel, so why did they build such a small club area? It will be very crowded up there when/if this hotel ever starts filling up the club floors. Worst of all was the supply of food/drink - the reason most people pay extra for this amenity. Out of bottled water entirely for the first two days, and although we don't drink soda, noticed it didn't seem to be restocked very often either. Breakfast they were constantly out of food, to the point where it became comical -for instance, no bread/bagels but lovely little salmon rolls with nothing to put them on, then bread to toast and little pastries but no knives or plates - I used the end of a spoon to spread butter and we ate off napkins. We were getting very creative but by the third morning decided to go out for breakfast (Eggspectations is right around the corner). Room coffee was awful...Starbucks in a cup that you see everywhere now and it just doesn't brew right. The kicker was the morning we decided to go out to breakfast, I thought I could grab a cup of coffee from the lounge first but they were out of coffee. At 9:00am. On a Saturday morning. Finally went down to the restaurant (always an adventure, as typically only one of three elevators was working during our stay) and they gave me some. The poor guy working the club lounge was very nice and very harried - he was wearing a suit and had to act as concierge and waitress, not a good combination. Trying to sit at a desk and help people then coming in and cleaning up the sticky mess on the tables - they need two people up there. Club room itself seemed nothing special - they still wanted $4.95 for the bottle of water. No minifridge or minibar at all - a nice big empty cabinet under the TV though where it may one day go...when they finish the hotel.Baseboard moldings had fallen off all the walls on the 21st floor where we stayed and they laid there for the 3 days we were there. No construction noise on our floor but we were second from the top. (Club floors are 21-22 I think.)Drinks in the bar - the bartender was very nice but of course it was hotel-pricey. Didn't eat in the restaurant but it looked a bit disorganized (like the whole place) when we peeked in at breakfast.The reason we weren't too unhappy? No 1: Montreal is fantastic!! Happy just to be there. No 2: We had the &quot;Pay Your Age&quot; promotion so the last two nights were $__ (let's just say I was born before 1970, so less than $70 per night) which is about the right price for this hotel. Of course, bill was wrong at checkout but they cheerfully corrected it. Everyone we overheard checking in or out had complaints/problems/issues. Random comments on the hallway, in the elevator: &quot;Trainwreck&quot;, &quot;What a Nightmare&quot;. However - EVERY employee we met was doing their best and very friendly - not their fault. I give the Service 3* because of the overall lack of oversight, not because of the individuals we met. WHERE is Starwood senior management? Someone from corporate needs to go do and anonymous stay there and address some of the more pressing issues. Bottom line, it will eventually be what it was intended to be - a nice hotel for conventions.	
Jul 10 2009 	Not Westin Quality	My husband planned a spontaneous getaway to Montreal to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We were concerned about the Westin after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, especially as we have previously stayed at the W in Montreal and had a great time. We called the Westin and they assured us that they had improved, including the pool being opened.Needless to say, we arrived at the hotel today. We waited 20 minutes to check in at the desk for Gold/Platinum members to be told when we were next that the concierge would help us when they could and the attendant simply left us standing there dumbfounded. We were finally checked in and &quot;upgraded&quot; to a deluxe king room on the 8th floor with a city view. City view=looking into neighboring office windows including in the bathroom. Deluxe=space for 2 large pillars in the room that make it awkward to navigate the room. My husband grew tired of waiting for the bellman and grabbed our luggage and brought it to the room himself. (Nobody even questioned why we were taking luggage from behind the bellman's stand.) We found trash from the prior occupants of the room on the desk (they were Gold passport members and paid $199 per night.) To our utmost dismay, housekeeping came after we had checked in and asked us if she had cleaned the room yet. I assume the answer is not completely as we found the prior occupants trash. The final kickers: the pool is not open, it smells of paint/dust, there is construction still going on, the mini-bar is an empty space in the room, and it takes ~10 minutes for the elevator to arrive.The good part is that they have free Internet and I can post how horrible this experience has been thus far. If it changes, I will update this posting, but I am not hopeful. (It also has a Heavenly bed.)It may be a great hotel in the future, but I would not risk it. The W is a few blocks away and we had a great experience there previously. Their &quot;deals&quot; are not worth a dusty, dirty (but supposedly new) room with a view of office buildings!	
Jul 10 2009 	Unnecessarily Generic with Lots of Hiccups	A friend and I have been to Montreal a number of times and had previously stayed at the W (great but a little too clubby with rooms built for couples) and the St. Paul (aims high but pretentious and feels a little beat up). When we saw the brand new Westin was open, we figured it would be the perfect place as Westins are usually cool and the hotel was in a great location. Anyway, we arrived in Montreal and pulled up to a very ugly driveway and were greeted with a very visible front and center overflowing trash can by the valet station. That was a terrible first impression. The lobby was stark, barren and plain and they were three hours late getting us our room -- sitting around a lobby is no way to start a vacation. The rooms and hallways were corporate and plain, really surprising for a new hotel. And the towels were so brand new that there were fuzzies over all our clothes and in our hair every day. Ultimately, if you need a clean place to stay with very comfortable beds, the Westin is great. If you want a hotel you'll remember, forget it. It feels like no thought or style was put into this hotel. Just blah and generic, like out of a movie that satirizes corporate generic hotels. Again, this is really surprising for a brand new hotel from Westin. You'd expect they'd put more thought and effort into this property. Oh well.	
Jul 8 2009 	Le Westin Montreal should build up to better.	I stayed at Le Westin Montreal 2-6 July for the Montreal Jazz Fest. My boyfriend is a Starwood employee and got us a special rate (which I won't disclose) but it was far less than the $230 +/night they were asking that weekend, which in my opinion is not worth it for this hotel. For starters, the hotel is still under construction (which the website doesn't tell you, although they advertise amenities that are not yet available). The touted lap-pool is not completed (although you can use the pools of the nearby sister properties), nor is the spa (although there is info in the room about it). Only one of the three elevators are operational at any given time, and painfully slow. There are several incomplete areas of the hotel covered in sheets or tarps, and that &quot;new carpet smell&quot; filled the air. We were the first guests to occupy our room, which still had a little construction dust in the bathtub, and some dust on the furniture. The room contained a flat panel TV, a clock radio that supports the iPod/iPhone, cordless phone, several lamps, and a Heavenly Bed. The room is spacious with a full-size sofa bed and a large desk, but no stationery or note pads for writing. The AC worked well, and we had good wifi reception. There is a very “green” theme to the hotel, evidenced by the soap, toiletries, recycling bins, etc.The bathroom was not as spacious as the rest of the room, but it wasn't a tight fit. The bathtub has dual shower heads and curved shower curtain. The bathroom fan is very quiet and the towels are wonderfully soft and thick. The vanity however, has false drawers, so you don't have any storage in the bathroom. Overall, the room was OK, but on the basic side for what is supposed to be a 4-Star hotel -- we were not impressed and very glad we were not paying the rack rate. We visited two bars/restaurants in the hotel. Gazette on the first floor, and the Reporter Lounge on the 3rd floor. Of course the prices were typical for a hotel. Tuesday-Saturday a reception is offered at the Reporter bar, from 5-7. However, you must get there early, as the free sampling of food and beverages go quickly. Valet parking is $26CAD/day, in/out, but here is a parking lot across the street that offers parking for a few dollars less. The hotel is in a very convenient location to the Old Port, and adjacent to a Metro station. Given that Montreal is very walkable, you don't need to take your car out, unless you're leaving the city. I found most of the hotel staff to be warm and friendly, with the exception of the day-time front desk staff. The bar, restaurant, and room service staff were quite congenial. The bell staff, valet, and housekeeping were good (but there was no turndown service). Everyone was always smiling and eager to help, although the front desk day staff could seem a bit more motivated. All I can guess is that their lack of enthusiasm stems from dealing with the complaints and comments from disappointed clients who expected the hotel to have the quality of a 4-star Starwood Group property, and the advertised features available. As one reviewer mentioned, it seems as if Starwood wanted to get this place open by peak tourist season, even though there are still building permits on the windows. They should indeed be ashamed for delivering a product in this condition. I don't think that we'll stay here again, even with the employee discount. There are several properties in the Starwood Group and other hotel chains in the immediate vicinity that would give you better quality for the same price or less than what you'd pay at Le Westin.	
Jul 8 2009 	the incredible staff was not worth the inconveniences	I would have thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel had I gone a year from now when construction is complete and once their systems are more fine tuned.We were given a really awful first impression of the hotel. -hectic, confusing valet system-poor communication between us and staff-our luggage was taken and passed off to someone else and we didn't know where it went-poor view-they forgot to give us items upon check-in such as our &quot;welcome bags&quot; and breakfast vouchers-bad view-the pool was not ready, which was a HUGE disappointment as it was one of the reasons we booked at the Westin-there was construction at 7:30am on the hotel-the &quot;dual&quot; shower heads in the shower as described on the website we felt was misleading. it wasn't 2 shower heads, it was a shower head with 2 settings, like most standard shower heads!BUT, the staff were all very nice, polite, sweet, charming and courtious so much so that we eventually got over all the hideousness that was our first day! The food at the breakfast was great and the hotel is beautifully decorated, the bed was very comfortable and the atmosphere is relaxing. I'd say if you're going to Montreal in 2010 consider staying at the Westin.	
Jul 6 2009 	Amazing Hotel.....in about 6 months from now.	I stayed at &quot;Le Westin&quot; for 2 nights this summer. In the future I see this hotel as being a great place to stay, however the hotel is brand new, and during our stay there were a few significant problems. There were also some nice surprises though.Checking in, the staff was extremely friendly and inviting. Then, the first 3 problems happend, all in a row! 1) we were informed that the glass bottomed swiming pool was still under construction.2) the package we booked was supposed to include a welcoming bag with a free gift, breakfast tickets for the restaurant, and various other little goodies. This was forgotten and i had to request it later on in the evening.3) i tried to smoothly slide the valet his tip as I was handing him my keys, and instead droped the money on the ground. Not the hotels fault obviously, but still felt it was worth mentioning here for comedic effect.The room itselft was beautiful. It probably had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in in my life. I could have stayed in it for the entire trip if it wasn't for the construction noises (we'll get to that later). The bathroom was also gorgeous. Only problem was the &quot;dual nozzle rainforest showerhead&quot; advertized on the website isn't really as neat as it sounds. I was expecting to be enveloped in water, sprayed from all sides (or at least 2 sides), with absolutely no escape from the wetness. Unfortunately, this was not the case. It's just a normal shower head with two different settings on it. At least the bathroom was beautiful.My wake-up call the next morning was not beautiful - mostly because I didn't order one. It came in the form of construction noises at 7:45am. One story above us, directly outside our window! I know this for a fact because you could see the scafolding from our window. You could say it doubled as a sunshade for our room.It's one thing to rent out a hotel while it's still under construction, but care should at least be taken to avoid renting out rooms that are within a close proximity to the noise. I would have complained had I not already grumbled the night before about the false advertising on the swiming pool being open.And now for some positives: -delicious buffet breakfast located far away from construction noises. -extra bathrobe and toothpastes (knew i forgot to pack something) given upon request.When the check-out receipt arrived under our door, the total price was incorrect. It did not reflect the special package which I had booked through their website. The staff did however quickly fix the problem at the front the desk. They also appologized again for the lack of swimming pool when i mentioned it, and where able to ammend the situation so that I didn't leave the hotel with a negative image of the experience.Then ofcourse the valet took 30 minutes to retrieve my car. Just like the rest of the staff though they were extremely polite, which makes it difficult to be annoyed with the situation. A possible reason for the problem could have been insufficient number of valet attendents scheduled to work, and/or lack of space in the driveway to park all the cars (it was full - when I did finally get my car the attendant had to bring it onto the street).Overall, I would say that this hotel will be a wonderful place to stay, but only after it's completely finished and all the kinks have been worked out of the system. In my opinion I believe the main thing saving this hotel from bad executive decisions is a team of very dedicated and professional staff members. At the moment I'm undecided as to whether or not I'll ever return, but I would recommend it for the traveller desiring fine hospitality in a great location....just give it another 6 months before you book.	
Jul 5 2009 	Horrible!! Stay away from this Westin property	This hotel (and the Starwood group) should be ashamed of lying and not disclosing that more than half of the facilities at this place are still not functional. A truly disappointing and at times horrific experience. Soon after we checked in at 2 am, the water was turned off for 3-4 hours for maintenance. The fitness room was full of construction dust, plastic sheets covering half the room, no A/C and some weird industrial smell. Pool was nowhere near complete. The room we stayed in was bare bones ( No stationary, No local guides, No magazines, No turndown -- and this was one of their best rooms for a Platinum guest like me ! ). The housekeeping cleaned the room next day (while I was away) and did not keep any shampoo/ conditioner / soap .. it took 4 hours and 4 phone calls / reminders to get something delivered. Got stuck on the 22nd floor with non-functioning elevator -- several minutes of trying to get it to start , called other elevators, nothing worked -- called the operator, she said she would send someone to check, after a long wait and no show by any maintenance staff , found the staircase to climb down !Called and complained to the hotel manager. He was polite, apologetic -- did offer me some points but was not able to transfer me to the nearby W hotel as I requested and it was too late for me to find a replacement myself. (I find it disgusting that the hotel would rush to open to cash in on the visitor demand but when things fell apart, wouldn't stand up and take responsibility and do the right thing). On a whole, one of the worst experience anyone can have in a hotel / brand of this caliber. Starwood should be embarassed with putting out this type of shabby product in market !	
Jul 4 2009 	Good location unimpressive room for the price	I decided to pay up for a premium room but was really unimpressed. I got a sitting room but it wasn't well laid out with respect to the rest of the room. My view was of the brick wall of another building so the room didnt get much lighting. The bathroom was great - really modern and clean. But in hindsight, I would have been better off paying less for a smaller standard size room. Also, the hotel isn't finished with construction. There was some construction noise early Friday morning - not fun when you're on vacation. The westin website led me to think that all construction was done so I expected everything that was referenced in the website to be true...including a swimming pool. Well, I found out when I arrived that it was still in construction. Ugh.	
Jun 27 2009 	Two star service with a four star location	I brought a group of my customers to this hotel and we had a few issues. We brought 50 people and used some convention space, the hotel had room issues, construction problems and a very unconcerned staff.	
Jun 25 2009 	Le Westin- a nice addition to Montreal	I stayed one night at the new Le Westin. It had only been open for a few weeks so it wasn't very busy. The hotel is located on the edge of Old Montreal, in a very walkable area. Parts of the hotel are still being finished, such as the pool and spa. I was met with very friendly staff members at all times during my stay. My corner room was on the 16th floor and was of course spotless. The carpet still has that new carpet smell!I look forward to returning when all of the construction is done.	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice Hotel - But still Under construction	My wife and three children were in Montreal for two nights in June and opted to stay here. It is decorated very nicely and is in an excellent location near historic Montreal with only a very short walk to the Notre Dame Basilica. We booked a &quot;grand opening&quot; rate which included valet parking ($26CAD/day and 2 days of a buffet breakfast (which would have been about $86CAD/day for the 5 of us.All the staff we encountered, from the front desk, valet attendants, maids, to the waitresses in the restaurant were extremely friendly and professional. We requested extra towels and a rollaway bed, the towels were brought in 10 minutes and the rollaway arrived within 30mins and they set-up the bed with the sheets, blankets etc.The website was a bit misleading with regards to the pool, it was not open yet, much to the disappointment of my kids, however, they do offer to pay your taxi fare to the Sheraton to use their pool which we opted not to do (and in addition to the glass bottomed pool over the lobby area the spa area is supposed to have a pool which was not ready either). We had checked in around 7pm in the evening and didn't notice any construction activity until we were awakened at 7am by drilling and hammering and pipe work on the floor above us and other noises which seemed to come from other areas of the hotel (we were on the 5th floor). I think if you were on the 4th to the 7th floors you would have definitely been disturbed by the noise.After mentioning this to the front desk they apologized profusely and moved us to the 21st floor and gave us access to the Westin Executive Club on the 22nd floor (top floor). We slept soundly the next morning with no construction noise. For the Buffet Breakfast a chef was on hand to make omelets or fried eggs to your preference, and orange, apple and other juices were provided, along with numerous fresh fruit choices; blackberries, raspberries, blueberries, pineapple, cantaloupe and strawberries. Assorted danishes, muffins, bagels and toast. Cold cereals, oatmeal, scrambled eggs, bacon, ham and more. Overall an excellent buffet. The only issue was a portion of the restaurant was under construction and they were cutting and gluing wallpaper just on the other side of the wall from us. I'm sure if this hotel was in the US I don't think they would have been given an occupancy permit or allowed to work when customers were eating. The third floor has two sets of escalators leading to a nice big seating area which overlooks the lobby and some conference room spaces at one end of the floor and a business area with multiple computers with internet access. This floor had areas draped off for construction and parts of the carpet in the public space still needed to be tacked down. At times the revolving front door of the Hotel didn't work and it seemed they were continually trying to repair it. At one point one of the side doors and the revolving door was out of commission which left one door for everyone to go in and out of. Apparently the Hotel had only been open for a month but I don't think it was quite ready for the general public just yet and apparently they have another portion of the block under construction we were told to add another wing to the Hotel. But the two rooms we stayed in were very clean, nicely decorated and the heavenly beds were extremely comfortable along with free Wi-Fi internet which worked just fine. I'd stay there again but I'd be sure to make sure the pools were open and that the construction was completed.	
Sep 5 2009	El Hotel Westin En Montreal		
Aug 7 2009 	service médiocre !!		
Aug 7 2009 	Hotel molto buono personale necessita di un pò di rodaggio		
