Nov 5 2009 	..perfect location	just in the heart of downtown, this small hotel is an excllent option if you don't want to spend much but still want to stay in a convenient location in downtown..the staff were friendly...an old house turned into a hotel...rooms are of good size..didn't like the breakfast service (included with room) though..my overall experience is very pleasent and would like to go back and stay in the same hotel!!	
Jul 10 2009 	Good and clean but felt squeezed in.	We went to this hotel because it was recommended by Fodors. The location is great. The place offers paid parking if you reserve it in advance. The breakfast in the morning is sufficient to fuel you in the morning. The staff is very friendly - if you are arriving early or departing later, they can store your luggage before you check in/ after you check out. Check out the stairs near the reception, looks like a mirror!However, the room was extremely small. We had shower cubicle and a sink inside the room and the toilet outside (the manager did tell us this when making the reservation). Our blanket had tiny holes in it. Also, no elevators here - you will have to carry your luggage to your room - so travel light! For what you get, the room felt pricey for $100 + taxes (which is quite high in Montreal).	
Oct 24 2007 	Fantastic location charming hotel	After reviewing the web site of this hotel, I was already charmed. Service on arrival was very courteous and helpful in planning our stay in Montreal. The room was large, very clean, comfortable and very quiet. We had a very pleasant trip in Montreal largely due to the recommandations of the manager (Lucie) and to the easy access of most point of interest in Montreal, including the old city and underground shopping area.I highly recommand this hotel for its charming victorian style, a good price and an excellent service.	
Jun 7 2007	Try to Avoid If You Can	The hotel is in a great location to be downtown and close to the Metro. The standard room is VERY small and needs some work. The rugs are old and stained and the room also smelled like urine. You must beware that even though the hotel site states they have wireless internet, what we didnt know until we got here is that its extra money to get a username and password to access their server. Luckily we are only here one night because we can barely open our suitcases and you definetely cant walk around the bed with them open.	
Jan 21 2006	Charm and location	We picked this location for our stay in Montreal because of its downtown location and novelty of staying in a small inn off the beaten path. We weren't disappointed. The staff was helpful and accomodating throughout our stay. Our flight arrived in Montreal at around 1am and after checking with the management in advance we were able to check in at this late hour. Even though the staffer &quot;on duty&quot; that night had to get out of bed to check us in, we still felt welcomed.Our room was on the top floor and had a private bathroom. The room was clean, well-maintained and more spacious than I expected. No, it's not as big as a room at the Hilton or Sheraton would be, but we didn't feel cramped. The complimentary breakfast was definitely not the highlight of our stay. There were a few choices of dry breads and muffins, as well as coffee, tea, juice and milk. The breakfast room felt like we were eating in a staff lunch room. This was a charming hotel for our stay in Montreal. It's definitely a different experience than staying at one of the large chain hotels, but I truly enjoyed it. As already mentioned, the hotel has a great location - just off the McGill Campus, right downtown, a block from a Metro station. I would have a hard time visiting Montreal and NOT staying at the Manoir Ambrose....I'm very pleased.	
Aug 1 2005	Very comfortable at Manoir Ambrose	Our stay at Manoir Ambrose was very comfortable and quiet. Although the weather was very warm outside, the AC and the portable fan kept us very comfortable. The room was clean and roomy enough. Definitely above average for the price paid. The manager and evening staff were very pleasant to deal with.	
Dec 16 2004	Glad I cancelled my reservation there!!	I am glad I cancelled my reservation at the Manoir Ambrose Inn! I am a diabetic,and due to worsening diabetic-related health issues,I was under medical advice to cancel my entire Montreal trip this week. I regret only cancelling the trip. I have stayed in Holiday Inn,:Midtown,Sheraton Midtown, also Hotel de la Montagne. All of these hotels,esp Hotel de la Montagne,and the Sheraton,are far better than the Monoir Ambrose Inn. After I sent an e-mail letter 48 hours to the Innkeeper,advising them of my reasons for cancelling,I received a rather uncivil and rude and nasty reply. They wanted to charge me for the room. Based upon the comments here,this Inn is no bargain. In the words of the Film Industry (which I work for) the Manoir Ambrose Inn is a &quot;Stiff&quot;!! In future,the Manoir Ambrose Inn will not receive any business from me. I DO NOT recommend this Inn AT ALL. There are better Inns in Ottawa,London,Kingston.	
Nov 2 2004	our favorite	having tried several places in montreal i will always return to manoir ambrose it's location, price and decor are unparalleled. never dissastisfied.	
Sep 28 2004	Ambiance and Value	I was utterly impressed with my stay at the Ambrose Manoir this weekend in Montreal.The price was 112(CAD) after all taxes (2 people). I was a little concerned because of the way they told me my suite was in the basement and the bathroom was seperate (private w/key- but outside the room). However, when I got their I thought that it was awesome - it was like a cozy basement apartment. The room looked just as good as any hotel room and the bathroom was really clean an original. The location is also perfect. Right near St. Catherines and about a ten minute walk to the train station. As well, the outside of the building had this awesome vintage old Montreal feel to it.I was completely satisfied.	
Apr 27 2004	Good Location	The Manoir Ambrose is reasonably priced, quiet and in a convenient location, near the McGill campus and the nightlife on Rue Crescent. Our room was small but decently furnished, though the water pressure on the third floor made the tiny shower a bit trying. Also, the climb up the narrow, steep stairs might be difficult for some folks.Nobody should expect first-class amenities in a small hotel at that price, but one might hope for a little more charm. The staff was inattentive and rather cold and the continental breakfast was paltry and bland.Overall, it's not a bad deal if the location suits you. Otherwise, you can probably do better elsewhere.	
Nov 17 2003	None of the complaints as above.	The Ambrose was recommended in Frommer's Budget Traveler magazine and lived up to the review...it was clean, the staff was friendly and the location was good. What more do you want for $65 (US) a night. We encountered none of the problems that others dealt with...fortunately, I guess!	
Feb 19 2003	Worst hotel ever!	This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. When a friend of ours tried to call our room, the concierge would not transfer her call, and proceeded to call our room to tell us (angrily) that we had woken her up. In addition, she actually came to our room, said that we were told that we could not have a phone call after 10:30pm (which we were never told), and insulted us, saying we &quot;needed to learn how to hear&quot;. Because of her rudeness, we left the hotel in the morning and stayed somewhere else the following night. She even had the audacity to make us pay for 2 nights... we were just glad to get out of there! I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
Nov 16 2002	Value and location	The Manoir Ambrose is in a very good location, close to stores and the subway. It's in a quiet area and for the price, we found it to be very good. Any other place in this area would cost double. If you have unlimited expenses, sure, pay for a 5 star hotel, but for travellers on a budget, this place is fine.	
Jul 22 2002	you get what you pay for......	...well, the Ambrose is not the Ritz, but it is located only a block or so away. The location is great and so is the price. No, you are not going to feel pampered here, but with the money you save you can get out and enjoy the city. If you are looking to save some cash this is a comfortable place to crash. The basement rooms are a bit dank, but a great way to beat the heat in the summer. If you have a room on a higher floor, make sure it has AC.	
May 15 2002	Manoir Ambrose better look elsewhere	While the location near McGill is nice, as well as the exterior, the hotel is the pits! Our matress was lumpy and stained beyone belief. The rug was also stained. Breakfast had a new twist: you are advised to wash your own dishes. While I wouldnt mind this in a dorm or even a B&amp;B, in a so-called hotel its a joke.When we decided to leave asap the next morning to find other accomodations, the manager wanted to charge us for another night! An outrage.You can do much better for less in Montreal by staying in a B&amp;B, of which there are tons. &quot;Pierre and Dominique&quot; is a nice one in a great area.NOT recommended!	
Aug 29 2009 	Très déçu malgré les recommandations		
Nov 6 2008 	très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 16 2007	Déception		
