Nov 9 2009 	Travelodge Holetel	Slow season, so we got a decent deal at $80. Lobby is nice and clean. Get to the room, the door hits the first single bed. Use the bathroom, that door hits the other single bed. Between the two beds, there was room for 2 people to stand up. Brutal.TV was from 1980, and had 30 channels to select from. The shower is awkward. You have to stand on a weird angle with the water spraying towards your right side or you will risk flooding the place.Vending machine took my money last night, and the dill pickle chips would not fall down. Told reception, he said &quot;the gift shop owns that. come back in the morning, talk to 'em and you'll get your money back&quot;. Well uhhh that wasnt the point. it was my last toonie, but the lovely gentleman did offer to break my $20 so I could give it another shot.LOL$20 for parking.This place doesn't attract the finest clientele either. Just walking up my floor at 3am last night, the halls are filled with at least 4-5 pizza boxes, a ton of chinese takeout containers, garbage bags, and some noodles spread out in front of the elevator.I would definitely rather spend the extra $40-$60 to sleep somewhere with more comfortable pillows, or perhaps ones that do not tiny blood stain dots on thebedsheets. YUP. Blood on the sheets. In all, these rooms are way too small to charge for. In fact, I think I rather sleep in my car.The room cleaners were really nice though.	
Oct 16 2009 	Good LocationValue for money.	Great location in the centre of the city,right next to Chinatown.All attractions within walking distance from here.Room was fairly small and basic but ample for our needs.Breakfast (continental + cereals and toast) included in price.Friendly reception staff,very helpful.Great Chinese restaurant around the corner,Dynasty.	
Oct 11 2009 	great!	Hotel was well located-close to downtown, Chinatown, subway, etc. Rooms were clean and soundproof. Free breakfast was great-lots of tables &amp; spacious. 3 kinds of dry cereals, fresh fruit, breads, coissants, bagels, etc., juices. Very convenient. There's a small souvenir shop off the lobby. Staff were on the whole helpful in giving directions, etc. Would certainly recommend this and stay there again if the occasion arose.	
Sep 11 2009 	small room good location	The hotel is located next to Chinatown and St. Denis as well as the Old Town are still in walking distance. The complimentary breakfast offers a fair choice. The room was rather small and a little cobwebby.	
Sep 7 2009 	One step up from a student hostel	Stayed for 1 night, September 5-6. Reserved one room at the nightly rate of $119 CAD. I booked my room on the hotel's website. A few days later, I got a call from the manager as he had noticed I was one person staying in a room with a single and a bunk bed. (It was the cheapest room available.) He offered to switch me to a room with two single beds at the same rate, and I was fine with that.At check-in, I asked if there was any space in their parking garage for my car, and there wasn't. Instead, I parked underground across the street at the Complexe Guy-Favreau (entrance on Rue St-Urbain), a federal government building, for $16/day.I got to my room (518) and was ready for the worst after seeing other reviews and photos. Sure enough, I got a small room with two single beds (not side-by-side, but in anL-formation), a small desk and a flat screen TV mounted on the wall. All bedding and draperies seemed dated. Also, there was no closet but simply a small rack with hangers near the window.As for the bathroom, it was as small as advertised. There was barely any room near the toilet seat, and the sink didn't have a plunger (working or otherwise). As for the shower, it reminded me of a phone booth. It measures about 3' by 3' in a pentagon shape, and anyone tall would have difficulty getting clean.The one positive thing about the hotel was the complimentary continental breakfast offered every morning. It is served in a large dining area on the mezzanine level, and the food selection is quite enormous. I stuck with fruit and yogurt, but there were several types of pastries, cereal, boiled eggs, coffee and juices available.I chose the hotel because my first choice (the Holiday Inn Select) was sold out. The Travelodge is just around the corner from Chinatown, which was the main reason for my stay. It was also convenient to have an IGA supermarket across the street (corner of René-Levesque and St-Urbain, inside the Complexe Desjardins). A few blocks south is the Notre-Dame Basilica and Old Montreal.This hotel was the first Travelodge to be opened in North America and sadly, it has not aged well. If I had to visit Montreal again and needed to stay in the area, this would be my last choice. I can only recommend it as a last resort if there are no better options available.	
Sep 1 2009 	Small room and parking	The room my husband and I stayed in was no bigger than a closet I was very disappointed we could barley get out suitcases in there was no tub just shower and we were not even given the option. I am also disappointed in the fact that you have to pay to park at the hotel your staying at when your already paying for the room I was not impressed I would not stay there again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent service	I've chosen Travelodge Montreal centre for his location next to the convention center.on my check in a very nice gentelman helped me with my luggage and tried his best to find me a parking, since it was full that day at the hotel, and he managed even to reserve a parking spot for me next morning at the hotel.when I went in to the room, I was surprised that it's small, but fairly clean. but I tried to see if there is anything bigger since i had no space for my luggage. so again I went to the duty manager, since he was the one who helped at the beginning. and again he was so nice to make the effort to check if he can do something for me. and he did, and he understood my situation, and he gave me a free upgrade to a corner room with a sofa bed. I really appreciated that he took the time to look after me, I felt like a VIP, he even told his staff to help me in case I need anything during my stay, since he doesn't work the week-end.I decided to write this here, as a gratitude for the good service from the staff of the Traveldoge Montreal, and yes I'll come again and again and I recommande this Hotel to anyone who want cheaper price, good location and an excellent service from both administration and the staff of the reception.	
Aug 19 2009 	very good for the price	I went to the Travelodge Montreal Centre last week with a college and my stay was fantastic.The location is very good, the people working at the front desk was very helpful and the room was clean.I will suggest this hotel to all my friends. If you need a room somewhere is downtown Montreal where it's not expenssive this is the good hotel ( and i went in a couple of hotels in downtown ).	
Jul 27 2009 	Not a 3-star hotel	Except the location, there is nothing else you can find in this hotel. The room was super tiny; You almost hit your head from the TV hanging next to the door when you enter the room. I understand that the room is just for sleeping but the money you pay should give you a little more. Plus, I don't appreciate not having a fridge in the room and some big towels when you take a shower.=&gt;Don't forget to bring your own towels in case you want to have a shower because you need at least 2 or 3 from their big towels.	
Jul 9 2009 	Small rooms but good value and location	Stayed here with a group of friends on new year's eve, and while the rooms were definitely very small, the bunk beds meant everyone had their own bed. A good choice if you plan on spending most of your time outside and only using the room for sleep. Decent breakfast included. Central location in Montreal, about a 5 minute walk to the metro and 15-20 minutes to Old Montreal. Good value overall for budget travellers.	
Jun 24 2009 	Not the worst not the best...	We only stayed here one night because while its cheap its not really value for money. We had tiny twin beds squished into the strangest shape room and it was a bit grubby. The location was good though. Breakfast was alright.	
May 21 2009 	AVOID FOR YOUR OWN SAKE!!!!!	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel in room 1022 a couple weekends ago. I could not wait to find this to WARN OTHERS TO NOT STAY HERE. I got there at about 5 pm and checked in... i was exhausted from traveling from sault ste. marie ON and as i layed on the bed there was black hairs all over the place ( i am a brunette) so I went down and asked that they change the bedding and they took 2 hours!!!! i couldn't believe it, i have never experienced anything so awful. The rooms were incredibly tiny and we could hardly shower together it was a tiny stand up and i am 120 pound and he is 160, fit people, it was incredibly ridiculous. the tv hardly worked, like we cared much at that point. if you think of your bedroom at home, cut that in half and that is the whole room (including the bathroom, i read the reviews but i didn't understand it was that bad)Needless to say it is close to great shopping and we had a great time otherwise... but i would NEVER stay here again, not worth 40 a night. if you get it cheaper, go for it! if not... keep looking!	
Jan 16 2009 	Nothing Fancy...Lived Up To Its Billing	Travelodge--a branding generally synonymous with the basics of accommodation. So it was with this property, well situated as the colourful Boul. Saint Laurent stretches into 'le quartier chinois' at Rene-Levesque. Staff was responsive and courteous, complying with my request for an upper-floor, quiet room. Was glad I am not a person of exceptional size, for my room was noticeably diminutive--but clean except for the observance (and removal) of previous guests' hair on the quilt. Happened to stay at a time of deep-freeze/Siberia-type cold, but the heating systems worked fine. On my top floor, I observed major ceiling leakage near the elevators--this was repaired and cleaned up the next day. Gift shop did not stick to its posted hours, not even opening at all one day. Mezzanine restaurant, coming to life only during the hours (0700-1030) for the complimentary continental breakfast, was nicely appointed and essential food items re-stocked when appropriate. Tip: kitty-corner across Rene-Levesque by Saint-Urbain, was the Complexe Desjardins, a super shopping arcade with over a hundred shops including some eating-spots worth checking out. And if your stay includes a visit to the U.S. Consulate, this facility is no more than a brisk 10-min walk away. Bus terminal can be accessed on foot in about 15 min...handy if you take the Aeroports de Montreal shuttle from/to Trudeau-Dorval Airport.	
Jan 14 2009 	Location location location	True, the room was 10ft x 10 ft and it took a contortionist to take a shower, but where else can you get a clean safe hotel with reasonable on-site parking right downtown in Montreal (or any major city) for less than $75/night. The room was tiny and subway-like, but that should only matter if you plan on spending all day in the hotel (and why would you do that in Montreal?). Its location is ideal - the hotel is located within Chinatown and the financial district, and squarely centered walking distance in the middle of everything -1 block to the downtown shopping district, easy walking distance to Old Town, the waterfront, and McGill University. We had business at the US Consulate, and found this hotel to be less than 3 blocks away. The hotel itself is newly renovated, the lobby is nice and the staff friendly. The rooms are cramped, but we needed nothing but a bed and that is what we got for a great price. My only complaint is with the showers that are so small I could barely fit in them, and the shower head is locked in place in a useless direction.	
Dec 20 2008 	If you want price and location can't get any better.	My trip to Montreal was focussed on a hockey game/meet up, so the room wasn't a big deal in the least. Found it on sale for $60 CAD a night on the hotel website. Right on Rene Levesque (Dorchester if you haven't been for a awhile) across from the Hydro Quebec headquarters and between two Metro stations (St. Laurent &amp; Place d'armes), so you can hop on either the green or orange line within a 5 minute walk. Complex Desjardains, a pretty nice mall with a big food court, is a block down. Going north can put you in a seedier, but not unsafe area: If that concerns you, I'd recommend using the Place d'armes metro stop or just going west/east on Rene Levesque.Like the other reviews say, the room is pretty small, but it does the trick: LCD TV, desk/dresser/full washroom. Room was clean. Shower is nice, no smells or anything. Bed was hard, and the pilllows were a bit thin (I asked for another one, and they obliged),. The Continental breakfast is great: everything you'd expect in one (Cereal, bread, etc.) in a nice, seated area. Make sure to remember your card that they give you!Unlike other reviews, I found the staff courteous and prompt with requests, especially considering my awful French. The gift shop is good for a look, when its open. As with anything, priorities priorities. If you're going on a honeymoon/week long tourist trip with your family or something, this wouldn't be the place. If you need just a rest stop between nightlife and other events for a night or a couple, go for it.	
Oct 9 2008 	terrible submarine simulation a submarine of 100 years ago!	I waited for about a month to write my review because I thought some cooling-off period might be necessary to provide fair comments.I stayed at Travelodge hotel from September 10-15 for a scientific meeting that was held at the Convention center, about 3 minutes walk from the hotel. I had to select this hotel because there was no alternate available when I made last minute reservation through the society housing bureau.I was interested in the comment previously mde by someone that this hotel is for submarine simulation. I was not sure what submarine simulation actually meant. Did it mean that rooms are small and irregular in shape? dark, noisy and depressing? All was true. Most of all, I was amazed from the day 1 to see a lot of water flood in bathroom without bathtub.	
Oct 2 2008 	Stay Away! Absolutely.	The disappointment about the lousy, tiny room can only be exceeded by the upset toward the horrible &quot;service&quot;. The room is ridiculously small. One of my friends was actually laughing when we checked in. Yes. It is RIDICULOUS! One step in the room to any direction, you will bang into something for sure. The next level of being tiny is the capsule hotel in Japan. On top of that, you have to deal with the receptionist that hardly ever smiles for something that are supposed to work in the room. I know I will stay away from any travelodge because of this traumatic experience. Never again!	
Aug 13 2008 	Cheap but everything you need.	My friend and I had a great time up in Montreal for the weekend and even though we could have stayed at a better place, we probably couldn't have done it for much cheaper. Yes the room was small and the TV would loose reception randomly, but all we needed was a place to sleep off the night, clean up, and set off again. The hotel was located so that we hardly had to use the metro and I felt safe walking back in the early morning. The coffee was great, the muffins good, but everything else free for breakfast was as reviewed. We had no problem with the staff and the rooms were well kept. A couple of tips: the parking was full upon arrival, but there is a public underground deck right down the block on Rue Saint Urbain that was $2 less a day (the front desk has maps, just park in the taxi lane to check in first). Also, always ask for two city maps at the front desk; we gave our extra map to someone in need and she gave us two tickets to the NASCAR race right at the finish line in return. My only regret is that I ended up over bidding on Priceline to stay here. If you can strike a deal for less than what the Travelodge site states, you can't go wrong.	
Jul 30 2008	Go elsewhere	A small, dirty, cramped hotel that is definitely not worth the price of $125 (incl. parking). The beds are not comfortable, the layout of the room is awkward, the shower is probably 3 ft wide by 3 ft long with a poorly functional drain that collects a pool of water while you shower. If you want to shower for a long period of time, the water will overflow and flood the entire bathroom floor. The room I was in had 4 beds total, 2 of which were mounted on the wall. I felt like I was in a couchette train car in Europe. When the heater was turned on, it spewed out a smell as if something was burning. The AC did work well. All in all, I would not have stayed at that hotel if I knew about this website and read all the other poor reviews given.	
Jul 30 2008 	Submarine Traing Room	I've been to Montreal for over 10 years and have stayed in hotels ranging from the Delta to Days Inn by the Airport. This was the 2nd WORST hotel I've ever been in during my travels. Motel 6 in Ohio is the only one that beat this place out. It's great place if you like to stay in a submarine simulator with it's bunk beds 2 foot over the twin beds. The carpet was grimy, the room had ants and leaking shower. The TV worked if you like to watch shows 6 feet above the floor. My 2 girls ages 3 &amp; 5 loved the room since it was more to their scale. For the price, you have a few choices that are better than this Travelodge right across the street within 2 blocks. BTW, I've stayed at the hotel across the street also and will go back to them.	
Jul 20 2008 	Cheap and Lousy	I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. It was cheap and close to the convention center. I expected the room to be tiny and it was. Think a college dorm room and that's about right.I am typically a low-maintenance guy when it comes to hotels. I rarely ask the front desk for anything. However, the few times that I have had to deal with the front desk staff, the experience was terrible. The people they have at the front desk at night, in particular, are argumentative, unhelpful and tend to blame any problems on the guests. An example: there is no restaurant in the hotel (there is a continental breakfast, more on that later) and the neighborhood is not a place you want to roam at night. For your late night snack or soda cravings there are three vending machines (over-priced, but I expect that). Anyway, I asked the front desk staff to break a 5 dollar bill as the vending machines take only change. No luck. In fact, the guy at the desk offered to give me the 4 dollars in change he had in his pocket for my 5. Huh?! Oh, and I interrupted him having a long, loud argument with another guest who was fed up with the terrible service and trying to cancel the rest of his stay. So, he points me down the street and says there's a store at the corner that's open. I wasted half an hour looking for this place on the corner. Never found it.Another example: I needed to get some laundry sent out. I asked for a second laundry bag which the front desk staff gave me. When I came back down with my dirty laundry in two bags, they wanted me to re-sort it *in public*(!) in the lobby because it was apparently my fault there was only one laundry form in my room. They needed two - one for each bag. You'd think they would have thought of that when they gave me the 2nd bag. On top of that, they couldn't find any more forms at the front desk. They ended up taking my single form and photocopying it.The odd thing is that the front desk staff during the day seem quite nice and helpful.So, I'll echo what others have already mentioned. Yes, the continental breakfast is pathetic. Doughy croissants and fruit cocktail. Yuck! The shower will not stop dripping. The A/C in my room was marginal. It was usually warmer and more humid in my room than either outside or in the hallway.What was decent? Well, the wireless internet in the room worked fine for me. I liked the guy who ran the &quot;souvenir shop&quot; in the lobby (open only at bizarre and unpredictable hours, however). The day staff at the front desk were helpful in getting my shuttle back to the airport and in correcting a few minor maintenance issues (a bulb burned out, my telephone stopped working). The cleaning staff also were fine.I would gladly have paid more (significantly more) had there been another option for the conference I was attending. However, it was the only lodging offered through the official conference hotel broker that fit my dates. If I were to do it again, I would have made my own reservations separately with a better hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	TINY room and a dirty bathroom	A friend and I drove to Montreal for the Jazz Festival (great time by the way), so I booked a room at this Travelodge a few weeks in advance - one room with two twin beds. We arrived and when I opened the door, Wow, there was a small desk on an angle a few inches clear of the open door. The room was small, approx. 10 feet by 10 feet - including the bathroom. Two twin (single) beds and the small desk. I commented to my friend that at least there was a flat screen TV, to which he replied &quot;you couldn't fit a regular TV in this room&quot; lol. The tiny shower stall (no tub) had mold on the tile grout and there was mold and hairs on the window sill - gross.If all you are looking for is a place to sleep, and you don't bring any luggage, or worry about your own personal hygiene, the Montreal Centre Travelodge is the place for you!	
May 13 2008 	terrible service	Customer service was poor during check-in. Digital Camera was stolen from our room during our stay (most likely when we went down for our continental breakfast). Treated with disrespect when we started asking questions about the theft. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone. If you do stay, bring your expensive belongings with you if you leave the room. Over-priced for the quality of the room.	
Mar 6 2008 	Needs a lot of work	Ok....here goes.The rooms are tiny and lots of them are an awkward shape...ie. when i opened my bathroom door it collided with the bed. The shower was a claustrophobic experience and I am glad I am not any bigger as I kept banging my elbows on the shower wall. So it was a quick scrub and out!The breakfast was very ordinary and the lack of any other catering facilities...i.e cafe or room service ...meant that in the middle of winter you had to bundle up and head to a restaurant every night. There are no bar fridges so forget self catering.Lack of laundromat meant another long hike up to the village to do laundry. I think if a hotel is going to be low budget then it should cater for budget travellers with washing facilities and some self catering in the room, especially if no other food service is available.The staff were casual to the pont of rudeness...some very Gallic shrugs.However, on the plus side the location is excellent, the nearest restaurant...chinese....is cheap and delicious and my room had a view of Notre Dame.I had a good visit inspite of the hotel :)	
Dec 19 2007 	It was my third time and I'm starting to get tired of it	I love Montreal. One finds this property in the Triple A tourbook with a nice price for the most central of Montreal locations. Oftentimes, the room can be had for $ 89 CDN. But that's where it stops. They make no false promises and they don't raise your hopes. It's just a simple &quot;minimalist style European high rise lodging establishment&quot; though the building is, externally, an American looking brick slab of a structure some 15 to 20 stories tall. So, in sum, you get a simple but comfortable bed, some shelving, a desk area and a smallish bathroom with just a stand up shower and no tub. It's a small one, but then so is the room. Essentially, it's a place to sleep since you should really be out and about in Montreal.So, then one asks themselves...why not spend another $ 30 CDN a night to stay in the same general area at a main-line brand hotel from which you can still access the Metro or walk to the city's highlights. Look a little harder and these can still be found. I find that the price has been right, especially when the US dollar was stronger relative to the Canadian dollar. However, I have a nagging feeling when I leave that my Montreal vacation was a little bit &quot;low budget &quot; as a result of having stayed here. I've stayed at Holiday Inns in the downtown core for not much more when I shopped the price and left happier.It's ok, really, just not fantastic. However, kudos to them for including a really nice continental breakfast buffet with great bagels, croissants, fruit and juices. That part was really good. If you're in beautiful &quot;Centre Ville&quot; Montreal on a budget, then stay here. If you want your hotel to be part of the Montreal experience, then don't stay here.	
Dec 4 2007 	Never ever again!	I think parking our van was about the easiest and most enjoyable part of our stay at Travelodge Montreal Centre.We did request a room with two twin beds and the bunk beds for an &quot;inexpensive&quot; family trip but this was totally ridiculous! There was no room to actually &quot;sit&quot; on the bottom beds without hitting your heads on the &quot;bunk beds&quot; (which were two single beds attached to the wall, not a bunk bed that I've ever seen in my life.The room was so small we were worried that we wouldn't be able to fit through the door, never mind four of us staying there for two nights comfortably.I will say though, that the shower in the bathroom had good running water. It's just too bad that the drain was about 1hr behind in getting rid of the water.There were no screens in the windows - which isn't necessarily a big deal if you don't have small children with you.The heater/air conditioner kept blowing cold air out, no matter how high we set the temperature.The photo shown on the Travelodge site was NOTHING compared to what we received upon arrival.Breakfast - that's another story altogether. The &quot;french&quot; bread was hard as a rock, the &quot;orange&quot; juice should have been called coloured water. The croissants were stale. The fruit salad was mostly leftovers from the night before it looked. The only decent thing we found to eat was bread (which had been sitting out for who knows how long) that we toasted. Also, having someone watching you constantly while you're eating tends to turn some people off. The ultimate insult was actually watching one of the employees sneeze about three times in his hands and then just wipe his hands on his jeans - THEN continue with putting placemats and cutlery out on the tables. Then, to keep the excitement going, he's clearing his nose as he's walking by those patrons that are eating - totally disgusting if I do say so myself.Overall, never, ever again will our family be staying at this location - totally ruined our vacation and totally ruined my impression of a hotel chain that I'd always heard great things about.	
Nov 15 2007 	The Worst Hotel I have Ever Stayed In	Perhaps Im just used to a little more luxury. Im 6&quot;3 and the room that my wife and i had was very very tiny. It was like one of those Tiny Batchalor Appts you see in Manhattan on TV and you wonder how people actually live in it. The shower is very very small and the soap they provide dries out your skin so you should bring your own. The views ( what views? Its a view of a wall off of some buildings looking at china town). Hey does any website tell you you are in the heart of the red light district when you stay at the Travelodge Montreal ( XXX ). You get to walk out of your hotel and see bums just down the street and all the hookers your heart can desire. The free breakfast is a joke. Its cold cerial and some stale crosionts. I remember them giving me a hard time when i asked for some HOT WATER!. I will be honest that its within walking distance to downtown shopping but you get to walk past lots of homeless people, dirty poor teenagers and lots of XXX. I also had a spider crawling up my wall and i called the Hotel Manager so view the bugs for himself and when he saw it He did NOTHING!!!! Trust me People, Do your homework and stay elsewhere. Its worth the extra 20-30 bucks a night to stay somewhere CLEAN.'	
Jun 18 2007 	Average hotel close to everything	After searching for a hotel in downtown Montreal for the weekend, my brother recommended Travelodge. I came onto this website and was reading all the other reviews and couldnt understand why my brother would recommend this hotel when every one else is not recommending it. I trusted him so I booked the hotel for a weekend in June. We arrived about 7pm and check in went very well. There are a two things that I did not know until I arrived and that was parking is 14.95 a night &amp; they need a $50 room deposit. You park right underground of the hotel and there are elevators to take you straight up to your room. We were on a smoking floor but suprisingly it did not smell like cigarettes at all. Our room was a tad bit small, but comfortable for two people. The room was equipped with everything you needed such as coffee maker, wireless internet, AC, &amp; even a LCD television. The bathroom only has a shower stall and no bathtub, so if you need a bathtub then this wouldnt be the place for you. When we arrived our AC did not work, but was fixed within 10 minutes of asking the front desk about it. The gift shop in the hotel can change your money for you, and even when it was closed the front desk had no problem doing it.We had no problems checking out and our car was very safe in the underground parking area. (you can only get into the parking if you had paid for it and you have to slide your room key to open the garage door) The travelodge hotel was located right in downtown montreal, i dont think we could have gotten a hotel in a better location. The next block over is China Town with a lot of neat shops and Ste. Catherins street is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. I would strongly recommend this hotel to travelers who want to be close to everything and be within walking distance to all the bars &amp; shops. The Travelodge is just like a holiday inn or the Quality inn, just a lot cheaper! Im planning on returning to montreal for new years and plan to stay here again.	
May 29 2007 	Great location but you get what you paid for!	The location was good and the front staff were very helpful and friendly but I would definitely suggest that you go with the two beds room versus the double bed (it was pretty small). The room served our purpose for a two night stay but they have to be the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in. You don't even have room to bend over in the shower (there were no shelves in the shower so you had to set everything on the floor and the shower walls had mildew on them. The free breakfast was okay but don't go during the busy time. The staff had a very hard time keeping up and there was no where to sit.	
May 3 2007	basic but ok	A basic hotel with a great location. Good value.	
Mar 26 2007 	Comfortable stay and did what I needed	I read the reviews on this site and I was dreading it, but I was relieved on arrival to find a hotel that served the purpose I needed and matched the price I paid. The staff were very helpful and helped with my tax claims. The room was fine and did the job, clean and had evrything a room requires. If your a single traveller etc then yes its for you, if your a family wanting pools, bars, gyms etc then you should know a Travel lodge will not cater for you. Also the candid photos someone else has posted has looked hard for the worst bits, i'll post some for you showing the view from the hotel front which is a true reflection. yes I'd go there again as it served the travelling mans purposes pretty well and it was clean and a good central location.	
Dec 5 2006 	Surprisingly good...	I stayed at the Travelodge for 3 nights during the Liberal leadership convention in Montreal. I was afraid it would be a dump, but I was pleasantly surprised. The lobby was inviting, the staff weren't overly friendly but were far from rude. The room was smallish, not the cleanest but very good considering the hotel was old. Had a nice view of old Montreal. The hotel is a couple minutes walk from the convention centre and 5 minutes from Place des Armes and Notre Dame in Old Montreal. It was a great hotel, quiet (hardly heard anything from the other rooms) just the vent in the washroom was a bit loud when turned on... That was the only thing I would consider a major disadvantage with the room. Breakfast was good - lots of things to eat, and the dining room was clean with a nice view onto Rene-Levesque Blvd. The neighbourhood was fine - never saw anything dodgy, it's on a major street with government buildings and office towers. Great location, good rooms, highly recommend!	
Oct 3 2006 	Customer service is poor	Customer Service: I had booked 2 non-smoking hotel rooms online. However, on my arrival at 9pm, I was informed that they only had 1 non-smoking and encouraged me to take a smoking room instead. I am an asthmatic and cannot stay in a smoking room. Despite repeated pleas, I kept hearing 'We don't have any other option. If you don't want it, go somewhere else. We are overbooked'. Finally after 20 minutes of this, they finally talked to the manager and found me a non-smoking room! While I was waiting, I saw another individual with a daughter in a wheelchair complaining about the non-handicapped room that she was assigned (despite specifically booking a handicapped room). Again the front desk agent kept saying they can't do anything about it. Finally they had to go to another hotel!!When I went to the room, the keys didn't work. Why? Because there was already somebody in that room. Apparently they had forgotten to check that person into the room! So I had to truck back down with my luggage and wait another 20 mins to get another room. During this time, the front desk clerk did not speak to me once (ie no apologies, nothing.. she wordlessly handed me the new keys).Check out: Apparently this hotel doesn't do pre-paid departures (ie clear bill day prior to departure) as I was told that I can only check out as I clear the room. So then I asked for late checkout (1pm instead of noon). Again I was told NO and only offered 12:30. Size of Room/Bathroom: Very small with little room to even spread out our luggage.Breakfast: It was ok with croissants, juice, cereal, toast and coffee.Location: It is a good location, but I would pay more for a nearby hotel (Holiday Inn, Mariott) to get better customer service.You get what you pay for. If all you are looking for is location and price, then this is a good hotel. But I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 24 2006 	We were pleasantly surprised	I did extensive research of all hotels that were within walking distance of &quot;Old&quot; Montreal (the historic district) and chose this one for me, my wife and daughter (in spite of all the poor reviews).The three of us were very pleasantly surprised.The common areas and rooms were immaculate!Everything smelled fresh and clean. Rugs were shampooed, walls and ceilings freshly painted and bathrooms were spotless!Parking was full but we were directed to an underground lot next door that is located in an office/ retail complex and accessed by elevator/escalator.The neighborhood is &quot;iffy&quot; with some panhandlers in the area. Catherine Street is a couple of blocks away and the sex shops are abundant but there were plenty of locals and tourists (of all ages) out and about.Our room was quite small (about the size of a college dorm) but there was enough floor space to spread out the luggage and watch a little T.V. (nice new set with plenty of channels).It was quiet and we slept well.The continental breakfast was great!Plenty of muffins,cereal,coffee,fruit,etc. and the banana bread was excellent!!It was busy and you'll share a table but the staff was top notch and there was never a wait for a clean table or more food.There are plenty of luxury hotels in Montreal but if you're on a budget, want to leave the car and &quot;walk to all&quot; -- this is the place to stay.The reviews contained on the website in no way reflect the quality of this establishment	
Jul 23 2006	Not a family friendly place	This is not the place to take your children! In a very sketchy part of town - lots of sex shops, prostitutes and drunks . My children we exposed to a lot of very inappropriate language being shouted at them because they wouldn't give money to street people. Pre-booked hotel (with a credit card to hold) - asked for room with three beds - was told it would be available. When I arrived - told they were overbooked - our room was given away. &quot;Perhaps if I had arrived before 6&quot; - was the comment. I responded by pointing to my watch - it was 2:30. The response was an embarrassed &quot;oh&quot;. Told I could have a two rooms - a double and two twins. Then told that wasn't possible - told two rooms - both with twin beds for same price as original room. Told they would be close together. They were on same floor but they were literally on opposite ends of the floor. Neither my children not I were very happy with being so far apart. Rooms were small and nasty. I would not recommend a stay at this hotel!	
Jul 10 2006	Don't Bother	I stayed at this hotel from 1st June, 2006 - 6th June, 2006. The location was great, the rooms were clean, the rates were good and the complimentary breakfast was ok. However, the staff were surly and unfriendly. Why these people choose to work in the hospitality industry I'll never know as they clearly cannot be bothered assisting their guests with anything. And if like you had any clothes to wash, forget it, $2.30 for a pair of socks, which get sent out to a laundry. If you can find somewhere else to stay in Montreal for around the same price, do it!	
Oct 13 2005	Worst service ever from internet booking	This visit occurred in August of 2004. I have been brooding about it ever since and am very happy to be able to warn other people about this hotel. Online I was given a confirmation number for 2 adults and 1 child for the weekend. I booked a room with a double bed and a cot was to be included at arrival. I printed off the confirmation page and was confident that everything was in order since I have used Travelodge many times. It was just important to have the confirmation number (as I have found out from other bookings over the phone, internet etc.).So we arrived at 5:30 pm on Friday to find a large parade was going on in front of the hotel. Apparently, our room was given away from the walk in traffic and we were given a room with two twin beds and a bunk bed!! The room was literally not big enough to hold our luggage, my golf bag and the three of us standing. When we complained, the front desk said that the paper we presented did not say we wanted a double bed. If I had more confidence in my fellow man I would have included the confirmation e-mail in this note, which states that I had indeed booked a double room. When I complained to corporate Travelodge, they said they could do little to help me because these people were franchisees. It gets better!!Didn't I get another invitation from Travelodge to stay at one of their hotels/motels in Saint Sauveur. It's weird that we got an invitation from that &quot;franchisee&quot; because our stay in Saint Sauveur was only one night. It was a short stay there because they were remodelling and there were holes in the shell of the building. It didn't help that it was about forty below zero outside. We arrived there late and couldn't get another room so we opened up the electric oven and turned that on full to get warm enough.Needless to say, we haven't stayed at another Travelodge. We have requested that Travelodge not contact us in any fashion (and they have complied). I am not a snob or anything and can tell everybody that I regularly travel to northern Ontario where there really aren't any Ritz Carltons. That is to say, the places I have stayed have been modest (if not a little run down), but they have been clean!! At the risk of sounding like Paul Giamatti? in the movie &quot;Duets,&quot; all you want is a little respect!!If any level of Travelodge had done the right thing and owned up to the fact that they messed up and given me some kind of re-imbursement ($354.00 for a 2 night stay in a room I thought was used for hotel workers to rest in between long shifts!).Shame on you, Travelodge.	
Sep 15 2005 	5 stars.....out of 50.	Aside from the location, cleanliness, and wireless internet, there isn't much positive to say about this place.LOCATIONIt is situated in downtown Montreal on a major street, a short walk from Rue St. Catharine and it's attractions, as well as Old Montreal and it's pictuesque streets, Notre Dame Basillica, wonderful shops, and the waterfront.CLEANLINESSThe lobby and the common areas were clean. The rooms were pretty clean as well. Unfortunately, I received a smoking room. I woke up in the morning reaking of tobacco, and it tasted like a smoked a whole pack too! COMFORTBed was comfortable, as was the furniture. The bathroom was small, and the shower tucked into the corner, with flimsy shower flaps. Yes, flaps. They sure weren't walls. Oh, and a shower curtain. I couldn't turn around easily in the shower, and I'm not exactly a big or fat guy. There is a very small coffee maker in the room, too.SERVICEWhen I arrived I was checked in quickly. Unfortunately, I was told parking was full, and the clerk at the front desk told me about some dodgy-looking parking lots in the area, that required me to get up early to pay the attendent to avoid a charge or a tow! I drove around and parked at the Place-Desjardin 100m west of the hotel in a wonderful lot. That lot was expensive, $19.00 for 12 hours. OUCH. The next morning we went for the complimentary continental breakfasts. They left a card in the room. We had two people in the room. We went down to the restaurant to explain, but my friend noticed a sign on the door that said &quot;2 eggs, bacon, sausages, toast - $7.00). When we told the guy at the door that we only had one continental breakfast ticket, and he said it would be $7.00 for my friend. Fine, $7.00 for a nice breakfast, not the complimentary one. Boy, was he wrong. The $7.00 was for access to the rubbish complimentary breakfast, and if he wanted the bacon and eggs, it would cost an additional $7.00. Speaking of the complimentary breakfast, the crossaints were oily, the orange juice was overly-acidic (probably from concentrate), the bowls for cereal were ridiculously small, the fruit medley was awful and bland, and the muffins were tiny and very dry. Overall, the food was poor quality. The only good things were the coffee and tea, which are pretty hard to screw up. I would recommend not even wasting time on the restraunt on the premises, and go to Chez Cora at 1017 Ste-Catherine est. You have to pay, but it is fantastic.In terms of the staff, they were nothing special. They didn't seem to try hard to please, or smile much either.OVERALLIf I had a choice, I wouldn't have stayed here. I guess it's fine for a businessman working for a cheap company.	
Aug 27 2005	Give it a miss unless you're desperate or broke	As a married couple we were very unhappy at being allocated a room with 4 single beds instead of the double room we had reserved and indeed already paid for.Our complaints resulted in a pretty insincere apology from a girl who simply said they were fully booked so it was going to be our room come what may. We couldn't be bothered to take it any further - it was only a three night stay, thankfully.The room was pretty shabby, the airconditioning too noisy to leave on at night, and the bathroom fairly unpleasant.The location is good from a convenience point of view, but far from attractive, and the Days Inn down the road enjoys the same convenience factor, at similar rates, but is a palace by comparison (guests told us when we were comparing stories).The complimentary breakfast is OK, but there is no bar, and no food service in the evenings.All in all one to avoid, the low spot in an otherwise enjoyable 18 day holiday.	
Aug 14 2005	Don't even consider this one...	At check in, Travelodge quietly substituted double bed rooms for the queen bed rooms we reserved. When we complained, our reserved rooms were suddenly available. When we moved to the new rooms, one had a chemical smell from a recent carpet cleaning; the other room had a broken air conditioner. When the room would not cool down and the smell would not dissipate, our complaints resulted in the maintenance staff replacing the air conditioner and running a charcoal air filter to neutralize the odor. Cudos to the maintenance staff. (The freshly baked pastry served at breakfast was another isolated bright spot.) After checking in for a 3 night stay, all of our key cards stopped working after night 2. This necessitated another trip to the front desk to wait in line to have our key card's premature expiration corrected. At various times, we observed several instances where irate guests were complaining, so we were not alone in our dissatisfaction. Generally speaking, the staff is trying hard to make this hotel work, but Travelodge appears to have some fairly serious management problems that they have yet to overcome. Beyond that, there seem to be some fundamental issues with the functionality of their operational business systems. Unless you want to spend your holiday time providing the beleaguered staff with opportunities to practice their conflict resolution skills, go elsewhere.	
Jul 6 2005	Jazz festival at the Travelodge	Just spent 3 nights at the Travelodge for the Montreal Jazz festival with my wife and kid.We chose this hotel for the simple reason it was the only one available.After reading the reviews in this site, I was thinking that I am going to get the worst hotel I have ever seen and I admit I was scared a bit.The short story – the hotel has been completely renovated with carpets, tables and beds all new.True – the rooms are small – this is not a resort and this hotel is not built for sitting in the room all day but why would you sit in the hotel when the city is just down stairs – across the street from the Jazz festival (And a big mall), 7 minutes walk to the old city and convenient location with regards to public transportation.Rooms are well sealed so we (and our baby) slept without interruptionTrue – beds are on the hard side – practice being healthy and cutting on the chiropractor bills.Service – most of the people were very nice and provided helpful advice.Parking – we came in late the first night and the car park was full but there is an adjacent car park which costs the same. The next day I called early to ask for parking and got it for the duration of my stay.Free internet access – while I didn’t use it, I was told there was a free wireless internet in the hotel.All in all, we were happy with the hotel – clean, organized, great location and helpful staff.	
Feb 24 2005	poor service with the desk people	i was in montreal last weekend coming from winnipeg for a wedding. people at the airport were most un friendly to start . it took 2 hours to leave it . if you speak there french it is okay if english watch out people. my hotel travelodge did not have a suttle to come and get me and took me to find my way.. thanks you so much when i finally arrived there 2 hours later they would not let me check in, okay i went away and had lunch. when i returned i wanted to pay for my 3 days staying ther in cash... they were most upset but i insisted and it was done . just a friendly awareness of this if i ever retuen ther i will not stay there.. also people the taxi do not carry change and i ened up giving them a 10.00 tip not nice	
Jan 6 2005	Get what you pay for		
Oct 23 2004	Tiny rooms filled up with smoke		
Sep 30 2004	Tiny Room and Shower		
Sep 16 2004	Better off @ a Hostile		
Sep 15 2004	Would think twice before staying there again		
Jul 24 2004	Depressing		
Jul 7 2004	Eh.....not my best experience		
Feb 19 2004	It may have new management but it needs new beds!		
Dec 27 2003	Absolutely Appalling!		
Aug 7 2003	Dreadful place... NOT RECOMMENDED		
Nov 1 2009 	No lo recomiendo		
Oct 15 2009 	Mittendrin		
Aug 15 2009	hospitalité		
Jun 15 2009 	à éviter!!		
Feb 26 2009 	Accueil exécrable chambre malpropre durée du séjour moins de 60 minutes		
Dec 2 2008 	Hotel à fuir n'y allez pas		
Jul 27 2008 	Exécrable!!! Plus jamais!		
Nov 4 2007 	une honte		
Aug 29 2007 	Passable		
