May 2 2009 	Le Breton - Not what it used to be	Many guides still refer you to what was a great small hotel in the heart of Montreal. But with the neighbourhood going downhill, note that the hotel also has had a change of management a few years ago, so check the timeline for any guide or review you see.That stretch of St-Hubert Street was never the splendid suburbs, but the National Library taking a whole long block of closed-at-night real estate, a large park squatted with drug dealers that spread to side streets, and a syringe exchange program right across the hotel, it sure didn't get better. Advantages are proximity to downtown core, the Village, the bust station and the main subway exchange station. Disadvantage among a few is that whereas old management was selective in clients and built a long term international following of repeat customers, the new one seems mostly interested in short-term cash.Depending on your room neighbours your milage may vary. But the is better at similar prices.So some folks list their bad experiences here. Any hotel could list a few. Make your own mind, I made mine: After being a regular for over a decade, I visited but did not stay after the new owners took over.	
Apr 5 2009 	Be afraid	I am. I'm so disturbed that I felt compelled to write this review almost immediately after I arrived. First of all, the bathroom reeks of smoke, although this proposes to be a &quot;non-smoking room&quot;. I took the cover, which betrays a nauseating canvas of yellow and brown stains, off of the bed immediately. I'm pretty sure I walked through a sizable area of something sticky on the floor adjacent the bed. I wonder if the hookers outside know what it is. There's no toilet paper. Starbucks napkins are rough. The shutters are patchworked together and look like a broken grill. I can see the junkies outside through the missing slats. We went to the corner deli down the street and a crackhead followed my boyfriend back to the car demanding money. I was unhinged by this. We returned without dinner. I hope tomorrow comes soon. Oh, and it sounds like somebody is dragging a body around in the room above us...and everything in here is this vomitous buttermilk color.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great experience!	I was a little concerned about this place when I read the reviews, but I gave it a try. I had no problems here at all. The owners and staff were very helpful with directions and answering questions about what to see and do in Montreal. One morning we even breakfast with his family even though that was not included in the price of the hotel. Yes, the place is older and not all rooms have bathrooms in the rooms, but I would not say it was dirty at all. The neighborhood can be a bit sketchy, but I did not feel threatened or unsafe. I would recommend giving the place a try.	
Sep 20 2007	Stay Far Away!!	Stay Far Away!!!I I stayed 3 days at this hotel.It is very close to everything,including the shuttle from the Central Bus station to the airport.I would have switched to another hotel,but I was tired,it was raining.The bathroom was unsanitary,un-clean.Some of the knobs,fixtures broken.The room had old grape stems behind the bed,and a lot of dirt.There were some kind of bugs in the room,I discovered.I had to got to the hospital when I returned for treatment.I would never stay there again,for any amount of money offered!!!Also,an item turned up missing from my luggage.I remember the words of another reviewer of this hotel,anything of value was taken.I had taken what I thought was everything out of my suitcase,of value.But missed the small itemI noticed someone had been in my room when I was out.The desk person is young and friendly,but the other staff lurking around were a bit scary.I would not wish this hotel on anyone to stay at....	
Jul 15 2007 	If you want to get robbed stay here!	The guy that owns the hotel sleeps in the lobby, giving the illusion that the hotel is &quot;VERY VERY SECURE&quot;. He spends his time making sure the crackheads and prostitutes outside aren't near the doors of his hotel while customers are around, but when customers leave, he robs them of all their valubles and denies it. He pretends to care about the safety of your things (i.e &quot;you didn't leave any of your money in the car i hope, this is a rough neighborhood.&quot;) while making sure that he can sneak into your room, go through your bags, and rob you blind while you are out trying to enjoy Montreal. Apparently this hotel is &quot;so secure&quot; that &quot;no one could get in to take your belongings.&quot; But, when questioned about his employees capability to steal, he pretends not to understand english, and says there is only one set of keys for each room. The room looked nice upon arrival, but once the sun goes down, and the locals come out there is no possible way of getting any sleep between loud junkies, and strange noises and apparent fights inside the hotel.Overall, this hotel has &quot;secured&quot; the top honors for worst hotel ever stayed in. As for the location and local inhabitants, you're not likely to find more crack dealers and junkies on any other street in Montreal.	
Jul 1 2006	Had To Call Police	I stayed in this hotel during a very busy festival in Montreal. First off, on the top floof a piece of the building was missing and it was covered by a tarp. The man who owns the hotel also sleeps in the lobby....weird.I had a friend who missed his flight and needed a place to stay as he could not find a room ANYWHERE. I was staying in a single room but offered him the floor, the guy at the hotel did not like this. He stormed into my room barking at me to get my friend out or to pay an extra $80. It got to the point where I was so terrified that I called 911. I didn't sleep that night but left early thae next morning. I ADVISE YOU NOT TO STAY HERE. Be careful	
May 11 2006	Pretty Impressive for Downtown Montreal!	My boyfriend and I stayed there on a Saturday night. The room was small but the furniture was really nice- and modern. The bed was big and comfy. The owner did not speak english well- but enough to get by. The hotel was 2 bocks from the St. Catherine's street night life- but beware that the night life, and all it brings, does end up in front of the hotel- no prolems -just a bit noisy. We had the front room on the main level- not good if you don't like to be disturbed. The bathroom is really small- and parking is a pain- $17 for the night at the lot- but if you can grab a spot on the street, its free. I would definitly go back.	
May 21 2005	Very Enjoyable Expereince	My boyfriend and I stayed and Le Breton for the weekend while in Montreal and found the stay to be very delightful. The hotel had a warm French ambience and the owner was a very sweet man. The room and bathroom was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The coffee and crossaint for breakfast put the icing on the cake. I will defenitly come back to this hotel my next visit to Montreal.	
