Oct 2 2009 	Nice small hotel in good location	Stayed here for 1 night in September 2009. Had large top floor room with good size bathroom. Room facilities good. Hotel location fine for shops and restaurants. Free continental breakfast - not lots of choice, but you can upgrade to a cooked breakfast for $5. Staff helpful. Wifi fine. Parking on site and chargeable.	
Sep 29 2009 	Unsafe Location	If you stay at the Lord Berri, leave your car at home! The hotel does not have its own parking leaving you to park on the street ($17) or in the adjacent lot ($15) - this is where we parked and heard our alarm go off the minute we walked into our room. The hotel is in an unsafe neighbourhood surrounded by crackheads and drunks. Take a cab and be careful. Park underground. Better yet, pick another hotel in a safer area. The hotel itself is clean with minimal services (no gym or pool, bar/grill for food). Would not stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Reasonably Good No Frills Hotel	I stayed at the Lord Berri Hotel with a friend for Labor Day weekend 2009. This wasn't my first time in Montreal, so I picked the Lord Berri Hotel because of its great location. It's a couple of blocks from the main bus station, and is one block away from the busy Berri-UQAM Metro Station. Furthermore, bustling rue Ste. Catherine with its restaurants and bars is literally around the corner. The location is also close enough to Old Montreal, Centre Ville (downtown) and other main roads for those inclined to drive around town.The service is good. The welcome upon arrival was very pleasant and friendly. The staff was very helpful to me and my friends (who were not hotel guests) when we had to find a taxi one day very early in the morning. Our room, including the bathroom, was kept clean everyday. The free Wifi service in our room was a great bonus too.The only &quot;negative&quot; to this hotel is that it's pretty old - the furniture and wallpaper are dated - it seems that nothing's been changed in more than 25 years. Nevertheless, everything in the hotel seems to be in good working condition, so if aesthetics aren't a big deal to you, then this hotel is fine.For about US$100 a night on Labor Day weekend, this hotel was a reasonably good place to stay. Lord Berri offers no frills, but it covers the basics (clean room, clean bathroom, adequate towels and toiletries, mini-fridge, working AC) pretty well.	
Aug 31 2009 	great little place to stay	Found this hotel through TripAdvisor. Went to Montreal for the Nascar Nationwide Race and found this hotel to be close to everything we needed. 1.6km to the Keg Steakhouse in Old Montreal. A couple blocks to the Metro station which took us right to the track. The room was adequate for what we needed - 2 queen beds. Air conditioning worked and so did the fairly new flat screen.Had to ask for more towels - you'd think they would clue in that we may need more than 3 bath towels and 2 wash cloths when I made the reservation and told them how many were in our travelling party.The parking was a little tight.. The rental car fit fine (Dodge Caliber) but I don't think I would have been able to park my truck in the underground parking. There were cameras in the lot and it was gated so I felt fairly confident in the security. Continental breakfast was included but we didn't partake in it, opting for a heartier breakfast at a local sports bar.	
Aug 17 2009 	Decent price nice clean rooms with updated amenities/recently renovated	This place gets an A grade in pretty much every respect from my wife and I. We were a little hestitant booking there based on some of the reviews on this site. Perhaps the hotel has just recently been renovated, or perhaps they have just recently fired older staff, but our experience did not in any way reflect some of the negative reviews posted here. The staff was extremely friendly, going out of their way to help us. The parking was cheap 15 bucks per night and directly next to the hotel. The room was clean and modern with very new looking furniture and flat screen HD television.. The bathroom wasn't huge but had plenty of space and was comfortable. The metro is a less than one minute walk and St. Catherine st. is right there. Could have not have been a more fun trip and could not have been a better spot for the price.Also I saw one of the reviews said that the internet was not free. That is not true. Internet was definitely free.	
Aug 11 2009	smelly	The hotel room we stayed in smelled like mildew. Each time we entered the room, it smelled worse. It was very over priced for the room you get. However, the location was good and props to them for trying to revamp an old building. The wireless internet was free, but not very good. It screwed up my computer for a little bit and when it did work, it was very very slow.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location Good Price Decent Room	I attended the Montreal Jazz Festival so I researched Hotels for hours because I wanted a place close to the festival. The location was fabulous! About 100 yards from St. Catherine street which is alive way into the night. The room was basic but it did have a coffeemaker and fridge, no glasses just plastic cups. The bed was comfortable and the room was very clean. Not a place for a honeymoon, it's pretty basic but if you want a clean, quiet room within walking distance of nightlife and the festival, it's great. Make sure you bring your confirmation, they didn't have our reservation, we booked through Orbitz. Parking: a lot is attached for $15/day. Will defenitely stay there again. Oh, I picked it by the reviews on Trip Advisor, it was the hotel w the least amount of negative comments (for the price range). Thanks Trip Advisor!	
Jul 5 2009 	OK stay for the price	We stayed at the Lord Berri for two nights. It was an average hotel and knowing that it looked old from the pictures I accepted a bit more in terms of renovation. Our room was very old, and did not look at all modern like the pictures on the website. There was a newer large TV but the remote control was not working. The bathroom was very unkempt, it was not cleaned very well and the shower was terrible. It frankly smelled like a public washroom. There were no signs of maintenance in that room. The walls were covered in old wallpaper, there were visible cracks and it was dirty. But we dealt with it and at a $100 a night I guess it was expected. The free breakfast was just an afterthought it seemed. Coffee, and stale old, dry pastries and toast. Nothing to sustain a person, possible a Montreal Bagel would be good. One thing that I didn't expect was the door to the room opening on its own not once but three times ! I wonder if any other guests have had this happen to them. We locked the door behind us and on three occasions we heard the door open. I would look and the door was ajar. It was extremely disconcerting. Has anything strange happened to other guests ? I have researched and have not come up with any stories on so called hauntings.All in all you truly get what you pay for. Please don't pay anymore than $100 a night for this hotel/motel.	
Feb 6 2009 	The Lord is Berri GOOD!!!	I've stayed at the Lord Berri 4 times for pleasure and am going back next month. Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Montreal! The rooms and bathrooms are large and clean the beds are great. I would definitely ask for a room on the parking lot side because the street side can be noisy. Staff is friendly and helpful. The restaurant is good, too.The best part of the hotel is the LOCATION. It's 2 blocks from the bus station (where the shuttle from the airport drops you off), one block from the most convenient subway station Berri-UQAM (where 2 or 3 lines cross--very important!), and a block from Sainte Catherine street, one of the most famous streets in the city (for shopping, restaurants, bars, etc.). Right next door is an awesome bookstore (books, music, DVDs) that stays open later than most stores, great for browsing after dinner.	
Dec 19 2008 	Not the place to enjoy a romantic weekend	Friendly staff, but located on a grotty busy road in the Latin Quarter.The cosy (small) lobby sadly stunk of frying fat and the place looked rather forlorn. The bedrooms were clean and comfortable and the food edible. Easy access to the Montreal night life. Not the place to enjoy a romantic weekend	
Nov 24 2008 	Close to allGood value for the dollar	We stayed at the Lord Berri for 2 nights during Grey Cup weekend in November in Montreal which is one of Canada's biggest sporting event's.Availability to be located in the party central core of hotel's was very difficult,and so called &quot;special event rates&quot; made it expensive.After researching on Tripadvisor at length,asking people,and calling different hotel property's,I felt comfortable with my decision to book with the Lord.We would only be spending our sleeping hour's in the room.The property is located on the outskirt's of the core in my opinion,but taxi fair's very reasonable,or if weather is co-operating and you enjoy a good walk,it would be within reason to wwalk.Old Montreal by taxi was $5cdn tip in.Crescent street,De la montagne street's,nice upper class eatries,and drinking establishment's were under $10cdn tip in.Bell centre for a Montreal Canadien's Hockey game would be around cdn$10.00 tip in.St Catherine street is around the corner.We at no time felt threatned in any way.and we did walk considerable amount.Location to the subway,public transit was very close.The room had 2 Queen size bed's,a TV,small fridge,and the Bathroom was small,but had toiletries,and was clean.The room's are dated,could use some updating,we were in a room facing Rue Berri,I would suggest the other side,even numbered room's I think,because you could hear car traffic at some time's.Park in the Basement if possible,it is a better option I was told!Coffee,and toast were included with our rate which was cdn119.00 per night+17.00 for parking per night.When you compare that to cdn250-300 per night for a better location,but Double the $.We used a taxi and our food and beverage's were bought with the Monie's saved!If you are looking for a place to rest your head after a day of partying or sightseeing and you don't mind a litlle travel.for the dollar's I thought it was reasonable.it ain't the Ritz,but it was clean, close enough to all,the the rate was reasonable.Friendly staff,good in house restaurant for basic meal's,close to the highway to get in and out of Montreal.	
Oct 6 2008 	Lord Berri is OK	We stayed at the Lord Berri for three nights. Good things were its accessibility if you are driving in Montreal for the first time, its underground parking (limited and pricey, but convenient so worth trying to get in), proximity to the Metro station and location near the old port. It also has a decent bar/restaurant and is in a safe area of the city. On the other hand, it didn't impress us overly much, it's a bit anonymous, only one lift goes down to the garage, and it didn't inspire any affection. At about $160 per night for two, it wasn't the greatest value for money.	
Jul 29 2008 	GREAT stay at Lord Berri	I truly liked the Lord Berri. How important is the greeting at the front desk? VERY. Veronique greeted me in a very welcoming manner and checked us quickly. She offered the parking garage, and although the price was $7 cheaper next door on the street, I am glad that I took the offer for the parking garage. The garage was clean and a very easy walk to the elevator. Our car seemed much safer in the garage than on the street.We stayed in suite 505. It was really very large: one bedroom, two bathrooms, two closets and a living room. Everything was superior in cleanliness. The furniture was a dark wood. I especially liked the &quot;entertainment center&quot; piece in the living room, and the books on the shelves. One book was the life story of Anne Sexton. Read that story in college.Room included: a safe, a refrigerator, a coffee machine, two air conditioners.Breakfast at the hotel was good. The waiter was very friendly. The restaurant features Italian food, offers a dinner special on mussels ($16.95 ?), and has two wide screens TVs.WIFI access was immediate for $10 for duration of stay. WIFI reception in the room was strong and fast.The maid left lots of supplies and clean towels.University of Quebec at Montreal is directly across the street.Metro stop is a short walk, as is Chinatown and Vieux Montreal.There are a lot of YOUNG beggers / homeless / drug addict kids on St. Catherine Street. Say &quot;desole&quot;, or sorry, and they will live you alone. This hotel appears to be very family friendly. The kids we see in the elevator appear to be happy and enthused with their stay.Nice hotel, great reception at the front desk.	
Jul 28 2008 	All is well that ends well!	I'm not usually one to take the time and write reviews, but this time I had to make an exception. My girlfriend and I decided to plan a weekend trip to Montreal for a bit of shopping, cultural experience, and a to enjoy the night life. Booking under a week to the date, and on a busy summer weekend, as well as not having any experience in Montreal travel, I was quite worried looking for a reasonable place to stay. Browsing through many other hotels, b&amp;b's, and apartments, I was quite nervous of book a place from many mixed reviews. Price was an issue, but we didnt want to go too cheap at the expense of quality. I settled on the Lord Berri because of a majority of good reviews, appealing website and photos, as well as there own underground parking garage. I highly recommend this hotel with the following key pieces of advice.- Get there early on the day of your reservation, even if your room is not ready, so as to secure a spot in their limited underground parking. It's price is similar to independent street level parking lots, but secure and gives you a piece of mind if you're like us and unfamiliar to the safety of areas within the city. - Book online through the hotel website as they often have deals and I managed to score a really nice room with a queen size bed for only $99.Some addititonal good points of this hotel is: - It's two steps off of St. Catherine street where most of the action is. - Ten/ fifteen minutes walk to major shopping/happening spots.- Right beside a Metro stop which by subway can take you anywhere.- A little quieter than staying a few blocks away on the busiest part of town. - I had read mixed reviews about the staff and rooms, however staff was very helpful and provided us with constant directions as well as restaurant ideas. Rooms were also excellent in condition and clean!- Grocery store, drugstore, liquor store, and coffee/book shops, all extremely close for last minute convenience or necessity. Other points:If you're looking for a hotel with other major frills, this might not be the best for you. The lobby is basic and hotel restaurant/bar/cafe was alway empty and quiet. But if you're only there for a short period of time and dont require any special facilities in your hotel, this place is perfect. My recommendation is for the discounted website specials, this hotel has amazing bang for it's buck. If I was going to pay the normal rate at close to 170, I might still choose this hotel, although I'd research around a bit more to see if I could get more for that price. Being as I was looking in the 100 dollars/per range, after all my research and nightmares, this was the best possible outcome I could have hoped for.	
Apr 23 2008 	New Years	Stayed at the hotel for new years eve with college friends, and enjoyed the stay but it was nothing special. The price was good because we traveled with a group that got a good rate, and bus transportation from Boston to Montreal included. The hotel is pretty old, slow elevator, basic bath, average rooms. A nice restuarant located in the main lobby which is great because it has a bar with decent priced drinks for a hotel bar. The serivice was good considering the hotel was full of college students there to party for new years eve. almost the entire hotel was full of students who were there to party, so dont go here on new years for a family trip, i would not recommend it. The hotels location is GREAT and is right in the heart of the city and all the best night clubs and bars. As well as very close to all the historical parts of the city of montreal. I have stayed here the past two new years and am planning on going again for NEW YEARS 2009 at the end of this year, and will stay at the lord berri again. and will enjoy my trip there again.	
Jan 15 2008 	Decent but way overpriced for what you get.	I have stayed at the Lord Berri twice, and I can honestly say that I have no substantive complaints. The hotel is very basic, safe, relatively clean and quiet.However, for what you get, IMO, the price is a bit steep. You can find small hotels and B and Bs not too far away that are far better value. A couple of years ago, this place was a good deal but for the amount they are charging now, I would take my business elsewhere.	
Aug 1 2007 	Lord Berri was a Great Spot!	My friend and I were just at the Lord Berri for a two night stay. It's in a very convenient location (right at the start of the Gay Village, just above ChinaTown, and right next to the Latin Quarter) , and is clean and comfortable. They upgraded us (at no extra charge) to a one-bedroom suite as our requested room type wasn't available upon arrival. It was lovely, with a huge king bed, a sofa bed in the living room, two washrooms, fridge, ironing board/iron. The sofa bed was very uncomfortable (we needed two separate beds so we needed to use the sofa bed) but other than that, it was a perfect spot. The staff was friendly and polite, and with the size of the place (only 10 stories) you don't feel lost in the crowd as you would at a bigger hotel.	
Jul 31 2007	Good thing I'm a smoker	Being a smoker, I reserved a Smoking room, but somewhere between me, Travelocity and the Lord Berri, I got a non-Smoking room. Lucky I only had to stay there one night, because the room smelled awful! It smelled like stale sweat only muskier! Next day I was assigned a Smoking room and it had no unpleasant odors at all. In fact I thoroughly enjoyed my remaining four nights in this hotel. Room was comfortable, and quiet even though it was right above a busy street. Staff was pleasant, friendly and very helpful. Had a problem with the tv; they couldn't completely fix the problem but showed me how to manually bypass it to get the tv to work.	
May 8 2007 	Great place to stay and a bargin for the location	I have to say that I have stayed at the hotel 3 times now during the montreal jazz festival. The hotel staff were nice and the rooms were very large. The hotel is a bit old, but for the price it was great. In addition everything was very clean and our window had a great view of the city. I will stay at this hotel again this year in July. The other hotels in the area are either not as close or to expensive. In particular during the jazz festival.	
Apr 9 2007	Not as bad as other reviews would suggest	We stayed at the hotel while joining some friends who were on a tour from France, so we did not book the hotel ourselves but were part of the tour. When I got the name of the hotel and checked the reviews on Tripadvisor.com, they were so uniformly bad that I almost canceled the trip. All I can is that I'm glad i didn't, as we had a totally different experience. While this is by no means the Ritz , Sheraton, or Hilton, it was perfectly adequate for a night's stay. We came in late independent of our group and the reception was very helpful in finding our reservation and assigned room. The room itself was fine - firm beds and clean, although I would have appreciated an extra blanket - because it was so late I didn't bother calling the desk.	
Feb 13 2007 	If I could sue this hotel I would 	I was employed with a group of people in a temp job for a week, and the employer put us up in this hotel. I didn't know much about the hotel, other than it was in a great location downtown, and had a restaurant attached to it. When I walked into the hotel, I felt like I was in some seedy motel that I would see in these old movies. The decor in the lobby appeared to be from a time before I was born. The desk clerk who checked me in, who was actually pretty friendly, indicated that my hotel room was paid for by my employer. She noted that there was 2 of us staying in the room (myself and another employee that I had yet to meet). She indicated that although the room was paid for, I had to leave a credit card or $500 cash to cover incidentals. The other guest would have to do the same when he/she arrived.I was really reluctant to give my credit card info, given that I was in a foreign city staying at some strange motel - who knows what would happen to my personal and credit card info? Seriously - when you walk into this place, you don't get a sense of poshness or security - one doesn't feel safe - very disconcerting actually. But she indicated the nearest bank machine was quite far away. So despite my serious reservations, eventually I gave in, and gave my credit card info, but made it absolutely clear that it was ONLY to be used to cover incidentals and nothing else. I signed the registration form, and off I went to my room.The room was OK. At least the water was hot. Again, the bedcovers and decor was from the 60s or 70s and the carpet looked like it hadn't been washed in decades. The locks on the door looked flimsy - really only a push button lock that can be jiggered with a credit card. I had to put a chair in front of the door. But I've seen worse. Restaurant food just OK - can walk one block east and one block north to the mall, and get early breakfast for a 1/3 of the price though.Check out time - I make sure I get a receipt - showing the room is paid in full, and that I didn't owe anything because no incidentals were charged. I figured, I'm pretty safe.3 months later, I get a massive charge on my credit card for almost $1000. I call the hotel to get an explanation, and they tell me that the clerk who told me that the room was paid for told me the wrong thing, and that they had the right to charge me because they had my credit card &quot;on file&quot;. They also had the right to charge only me, and not the other guest, because the room was under my name, presumably because I checked in first. Because I had signed the &quot;guest registration card&quot; (which didn't even have any credit card info on it), the credit card company refused to reverse the charge.When a hotel takes your credit card, and tells you that they agree to only hold that information for the purposes of paying for incidentals only, and then months later attempts to make some arbitrary charge on it at their own discretion, without any notice to you, knowing that you're not likely going to be there again to fight it, if you even happen to see it on your credit card bill... well, that's pretty SCUMMY. There is nothing that I can do to control what else they do with my credit card or personal information. The lodging themselves were already quite dodgy, and had I known what the lodgings were like, I would have stayed in a hostel instead. But this practice absolutely apalls me. STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY!!! For your own sake.	
Jan 4 2007 	Well...........................	Well.... I live in montreal and I had to spend one night at this hotel during renovations at my house. First, I want to answer a previous commentary... Even though the bars and others close at 3:00 a.m., it is true that every where else, you can't make noise after 11:00, even if you're at home. It's only a question of respect for other people. There are lots of groups that go there, but also young people studying at the university on the same street, that use this hotel like a residence. Also many people who are waiting for their status concerning immigration. It was not too bad for one night, but I wouldn't have stayed there longer. In our room, we called the reception because we had a question and they answered us awfully, making us feel like .... really disturbing them. The room was really hot even if we were in december ! We even had to use the air-conditioner. It was ok until around 3:00 a.m. This machine started to make an infernal noise and we had to stop it. But the room went hot again immediately, seems like the heating systems was not working well at all. Then at 7:00, the vacuum cleaner began and did not stop for an hour, so we couldn't continue to sleep. Last point but not least... the hotel's restaurant (italian.. Il Cavaliere I think) was horrible, really. It was even really expensive even though it was not good at all.	
Jan 2 2007	Never stay there *Please read*	I went to Montreal with a large group of 16 people. We all stayed at the Lord Berri for 3 nights and all had the same horrible experiance. Firstly, they make you feel as if you are there because of punishment rather than pleasure. The first thing you see on your desk is a list of rules and regulations (some of which are absolutely absurd). Along with fines for damages. Some of the rules include: No walking outside your room in your pajamas, no glass allowed, no eating food outside of the room / bar, doors must be closed at all times, and they keep going.Secondly we had a &quot;security&quot; guard tell us that it was a national law in Quebec that quiet hours start at 11. Yes, he was serious. When do they end? Who knows because he wasn't bright enough to divulge that information. Clearly a lie because clubs on the exact same street as the hotel are open until 3 am. But at the Lord Berri that is an offense for which you can get kicked out.Dumb rules yes, but do they actually enforce them? YES. There is a &quot;security&quot; guard on every floor and their sole purpose is to enforce these rules. You will be constantly invaded by one of these guards, and they will not reason with you. 9 times out of time if you try to reason all you will recieve is: &quot;ITS OVER!&quot; and a stern look. One guard actually tackled someone down in the lobby and gave him a fat lip before he profusely apologized.Bathrooms are clean, which is nice. But if you like hot water you'll be out of luck. When showering there is zero hot water and instead it is ice cold. I had to shower out of the sink with cups because the water was THAT cold. It was this cold for all 3 days, not just one.The TVs look like they were made in 1967 but we had an OK picture. One of the rooms in our group though had one that didn't work and the hotel did nothing.There are cleaning services, but if you are caught leaving a &quot;dirty&quot; room and dont pack up all garbage / used towels you are fined an absurd amount. We kept our room clean though.Lastly, here is the most repulsive issue I have ever seen and we could probably sue them over this. Throughout the trip our toilet would not flush. It was fixed though and apparently all was well.One of our friends come home from our New Year's Eve party around 2 am. They realized they left something in the room, and when they walk in our whole room is flooded because the toilet is pumping water into our room at a constant rate. Quickly they shut the toilet off, and remove the furniture from the room. They being attempting get atleast some of the water out.During this process the &quot;security&quot; guard walks up to them and has the nerve to yell at them for having the door open and a chair outside of the room. He did not want to hear what happened, and my friend finally got through the &quot;IT'S OVER&quot; (x's 100000) and once he realized what had happened maybe you'd expect an apology, or someone to help clean up the mess that their faulty toilet caused...nope not at the Lord Berri.They were left alone to handle it, and were told that someone would come in tomorrow. When all of the parties of that room arrived home to a flooded room / damaged personal property because of the water, surely we could stay in another room.We explained what happened at the desk (in a polite manner), and asked if we could stay in a different room for the night. The man at the desk laughed and said sorry that they could not help us, and said that we needed to speak to a manager who wasn't there but would be there in the morning. So 4 people had to sleep in a toilet water infested room, with no explanation at all. So after 3 hours of sleep Will (one of the 4 in our room) wakes up early (8:30 AM) to speak with the manager. They told us again that he was not there. We checked out later that day with no explanation at all. An apology was in order, but nope it never came. Instead we were rushed out with no apology, no refund, and nothing at all. We did get out 20 dollar security deposit back which is a surprise because when the room flooded my friends were told that we'd be paying thousands of dollars worth of damages. We were a room that obeyed every rule, cleaned up after ourselves, and was always polite even after the room flooded. We have the aftermath of the room on video if this seems like too much to be true.DO NOT STAY AT THE LORD BERRI. If it is your only option delay your trip until another hotel is available.	
Dec 14 2006 	Nice place great location	Stayed here once with friends for a weekend....nice place..good value, although there is better value in the area as well.Location: 10 min walk to Old mtl...5 mins to Village or Latin quarter...near metro...20 min walk to the Plateau or downtown.Staff: Didint really talk to any...Cleanliness: Clean rooms &amp; bathroom...Paid parking was in the basement...the rooms had fridges &amp; coffee maker.... Its clean, nice, and has decent value, although I can find cheaper rooms in Mtl that are just as nice.	
Nov 13 2006 	poor service and promises not met	i wish i read the reviews before booking this.i went to the montreal grandprix race end of august 2006. this was a great loction as it was steps away from the metro underground station what would only take us 10 min to get to the event venue on the island.i booked for a room with 2 double beds, and made the note on the booking.i called hours in advance to confirm my booking and asked to have them read me what was booked. they said 1 double bed. i told them to read my comments. and they said oh sorry, just come and we'll sort it out. i came and was given 1 double bed. i insisted i had already made 2 arrangements while booking and also while calling to confirm but at this point they had nothing available. i dont know why and how they would try and slide this fast one on me.. eventually i was told they OVERBOOKED.. this is not new news to me as far as hotels but im not a fan of it considering i had made arrangements while on the phone while booking and confirming to get something. if i knew they could not or would not be able to keep their end of the agreement then i would not have booked with them. they didnt offer a discount but rather offerered to move me to a double room for my second nite stay and give me 2 vouchers for conennential breakfast their onsite restaurant. i requested to speak to the manager but was told he was out for the week, i contacted them a week a later and they didnt contact me back. perhaps they didnt get my message but either way i was not pleased with the service. im a nice guy and dont give the front desk staff too much of a hard time knowing they're just doing their jobs but i dont apprecite poor service, they just keep saying &quot;what do u want me to do sir, there are no rooms?&quot; on serveral ocassions i said, make me an offer to try and correct this hotels mixup, after having failed me on 3 ocassions to meet my requirements prior to booking.there is only one elevator that goes up, the other tends to be locked for use to access the basement parking, since there is no stair access to the basement.parking is limited indoors to about 15 spots underground, you'll have to park on the parking lot next door which is outdoors and run by another company, where you will have to leave your key with the front desk overnite so they can pack tonnes of cars in their tiny parking lot. give them about 45min headstart prior to leaving so they can move all the cars to get to yours.the tv's in the room were smaller then average. i was in two rooms and they both had a small tv that seemd to be of the older style and about 20inch max. when i was upgraded to the 2 double bed room we also had a small tv, this was a suprize, as i would expcect something average. i wasnt impressed.the location is good as there are restaurants and the metro access is nearby. st. catherines street is along the hotel so u can go for walks and explore the city. i would not and will not go back to this hotel. they failed.	
Nov 4 2006 	Looks ok but very bland inside	This hotel charges the amount they do simply because they know they are in a great location of Montreal.You see the east part of downtown montreal (east of the city centre's core) has little competition with large scale hotels.Well, that may wake them up soon with Hilton taking over a property soon and opening up a DOUBLETREE CLUB hotel five minutes from their destination.The hotel is old, needs to be renovated.The rooms are basic, a bed, a small bathroom, a tv with cable but no HBO or extras. Your lucky if you can get 2 beds.I have stayed in their suites as well : Consisting of a room with a pull out sofa and a tiny bathroom (no shower) the king size bed is in a seperate bedroom and has a slightly larger bathroom with a shower. Tv, iron noard, table, and one chair. That's it.... and that's a &quot;suite&quot;My advice, en francais, T'ut Suit :) think twice befire booking there.We also had another issue which shocked us and will keep to ourselves, but let's just say trust is what is keeping us from there ever again.	
Oct 3 2006	Awful. Staff should all be fired	Were supposed to stay here 1 night , but we had to find somewhere else to stay. Hotel is in a horrible part of town, bums sleeping in the parking lot. Hotel smelled, staff incredibly rude. I would rather sleep on the corner of St. Catherine's street in a sleeping bag then stay here.	
Aug 15 2006 	Great location ok hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights during Gay Pride weekend - the location is perfect for festivals, etc. as there's a large park used for such events just 1/2 block away on Ste. Catherine. For gay visitors, the location is excellent as the gay village is just a few short blocks further down Ste. Catherine. Needless to say, this weekend the hotel was just crawling with sisters!There are very few big hotels in this area, which is a shame - St. Denis is a block away, with its 3-4 blocks of small restaurants and cafes piled on top of each other; a Metro stop is just a couple of blocks away; you can walk anywhere downtown easily from here.The rest is all very 2-star: the rooms are dull but serviceable, and even though we asked for a quiet non-smoking room, it reeked of years of stale smoke and the double windows couldn't block out the street noise (Berri is a busy street, except during festival weekends when it's closed to traffic). Luckily the A/C was working great, as it was very hot and humid. There's a convenient internet kiosk ($1 for 15mins) in the lobby which worked well.Parking was sold out when we arrived, so we parked in a large private outdoor lot right next door ($15/day); the next morning we got an indoor spot (again $15/day, but tiny - only 16 spaces).	
Jan 1 2006	New Years Eve Rocked	I spent New Years Eve in Montreal with 12 of my buddies. We stayed at the Lord Berri and it was great. The location was great, the staff was awesome and the rooms were clean and larger than we expected. I thank the staff at the Lord Berri for accommodating us, we would stay there again next year. Happy New Year 2006!!!!!!	
Aug 19 2005	Berri Good Deal For A Short Trip	I stayed at the Lord Berri on a trip from my camp. I do not know how much money was spent per room, but it must have been a very low amount...LOBBY: The lobby of the hotel is very nice for lounging. There is a computer in the corner where you can get 15 minutes of internet access for $1CA, a very good deal compared to what I've seen in most hotels.ROOMS: The rooms were very large and the Air Conditioners were very responsive. You could set your temperature to anything and the air conditioner would work instantly. The TV got some good channels, mostly in french, which was not good for the all-english speaking camp tourgroup. It was interesting however to watch American shows with the French dubbed. You could imagine what they were saying, which was fun. Fridge/Freezer in each room was a nice touch, and unexpected to us.BATHROOM: Nice amenity kit for a budget hotel, including sewing kit, and Pantene Pro-V shampoos, one of the nicest I've seen in any hotel I've stayed at. The showers had good pressure and temperature, however there was a plastic wall that cut into the shower that I did not think was necessary. This was not providing the maximum showering space, which I did not like.BEDS: Very comfortable. I had a very nice sleep in the bed for the two nights I stayed there.DOWNSIDE...only one telephone, located no where near bed, making wake up calls a hassle to answer.LOCATION: A good location to all of the activities we were doing. Parking is adjacent to the hotel which provided a conveinent spot for the cars. Within walking distance from Old Montreal, which is a place to definitely check out. OVERALL: I only saw people in groups at the hotel, and I think the hotel does a good job at catering to groups. If you do not like a lot of children around the floors, Hotel Lord Berri is DEFINITELY the wrong hotel. If you don't mind children, and not having a pool or fitness center, Hotel Lord Berri is a great hotel.	
Jul 5 2005	Great hotel great price!	Stayed in Montreal for 3 days. I was VERY impressed with this hotel. Clean and location was perfect. I would stay here again without hesitation!	
May 24 2005	Rip off	I should have listened to the above reviews saying not to stay here. The staff is indeed very rude and does not care at all if you are not happy. Every time we called the front desk to ask for directions or help on where to go for food or entertainment, they didn't have a clue about anything and was like pulling teeth to get them to help. When we asked if they had a vending machine the guy at the front desk told us that no they don't have one and what do we expect for a 3 star hotel! That's actually what he said! We witnessed the girl at the front desk tell someone that there is a $50.00 fee if you check out late and she actually hung up on the person she was telling this to. So if you stay there don't check out late! Also, we arrived at 3:40 in the afternoon. Check in time is 3:00. Our room was not ready yet and we were told it would be another 30 minutes! Room should have been ready at 3:00!! The room itself was OK, A bit outdated. Not the nicest, and definitely NOT worth the $149.00 we were quoted on the phone when we called. We ended up with a last minute deal for $93.00 but I'd say this room was worth maybe $79.00. The girl at the desk told us we had an adjoining room and we ended up with two rooms down completely different hallways. When we asked about this she told us that she didn't know what adjoining meant. We had a couple of problems with maids telling us they had written down on their sheet that we were checking out that day when we weren't so we had to go clear that up with the front desk. And they never did bother to come and give us clean towels or make our beds on our second day. We had to find a maid in the hallway and ask her to come and do that at 5:00 in the evening. The day we arrived our bath tub had hairs all over it. So they clearly don't clean that in between customers. And the &quot;indoor&quot; parking has about 10 spots (for $16.00 a day). Good luck getting in and out of that parking garage. We were charged $1.15 for each LOCAL call we made. Usually that is free. We had two rooms and the phone in the other room wasn't working properly. On a positive note, the guy who ran the bar in the restaurant was friendly and far more helpful with directions than the front desk and the young guy who worked in the smoke shop was friendly also and helped us with directions. They should be at the front desk.	
Apr 10 2005 	Excellent	I stayed for a night at this hotel and since I came late I requested an extension of the time of the checkout and my request was very nicely accepted. My room was very clean and the staff were very professional and very nice even guiding me through maps over the major outlets in the city and I would highly recommend it for anyone who is in a business trip in downtown or for leisure.	
Mar 11 2005	Obviously they do not care about their customers	We booked 2 nights in Montreal at the Hotel Lord Berri about a month in advance of our trip. We booked through hotels and on the web site concerning the Hotel Lord Berri it stated &quot;indoor parking (free)&quot;. Well when we got there, the desk clerk told us there was no indoor parking and we had to park outside and pay $13 a day. Upon leaving the hotel we discovered there was indoor parking and asked to speak to the manager about it, since our two night stay turned into a three night stay due to damage while we were parked in the parking lot outside. He was not in and two desk clerks were very helpful with our concerns and issues. However, the first employee we talked to was beyond the point rude. She was not helpful at all and infact insulted us instead. We were told the manager would call us in a day and discuss our concerns with the parking and his employees. He did not call and when we finally called in a couple days later, while we were still on vacation, he made it clear he purposely did not call us and would not help us. After a long chat he said he would call us back in a week after talking to his employees. Well he didn't and when we did again he began yelling and simply hung up on us. The hotel obviously is not concerned with the satisfaction of their customers and I would never reconmmend that hotel to even my worst enemy.	
Oct 29 2004	Good hotel great location	The hotel was clean. Staff friendly. Restaurant served a good breakfast. One block from Berri subway station. 2 blocks from Quarter Latin. Quiet area. I couldn't ask for a better hotel for $80.00/night. My friends and I are going back next year and we will again stay here.	
Sep 24 2004	A Comfortable Place to Stay	A decent place to stay for a weekend getaway. Facility is clean and close enough to St. Catherine's Street. The rooms are comfortable. The price is fair. I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago and I am actually booking another trip to Montreal next month and this is where I plan on staying.	
Oct 3 2002	Rip off	For the price $120 a night its complete rip off. Its is not 3 star hotel AT ALL. I booked 3 weeks in advance asking for non-smoking and guess what...got smoking room. Its an old hotel therefore the floors are smelly. Rooms have tiny windows looking across the other hotel. At the front desk young guys are on minimum wages so dont expect any professionalism. I asked for iron in the morning, wow! they did not know it was broken, it was 100 year old iron. The people in the hotel are all groups. This hotel sells rooms at discounted prices for probably $30 to a groups so buses all over. If you don't want to spoil you trip in Montreal, don't stay there. We only could stay one night and moved out to Fabourge hotel closer to downtown. Its a 2 star but what a difference!!!! for SAME PRICE!!! New hotel, just a year build. Breakfast included, valet parking, professional staff, beautifull!!! Recommended very much.	
Apr 1 2002	Good and resonable place to stay.	Lord Berri, is always really reasonable and good accommodations. I have been to the more expensive hotels in Montreal and I found that my experience at Lord Berri has been the best.	
Nov 1 2009 	cet hôtel doit être fermé		
Oct 20 2009 	zentrale Lage		
Aug 2 2009 	plus jamais !!		
Dec 1 2008 	Triste Sire		
Sep 12 2008 	Keine besondere Empfehlung		
Feb 26 2008 	Brun comment être entouré de brun.		
Sep 5 2007 	Hotel vieillissant dans quartier un peu désolant.		
Aug 5 2006 	Bof		
Aug 3 2006	pas terrible		
