Oct 20 2009 	Horrific Experience	Please don't waste your time! This hotel is grimy, outdated and I have never witnessed worse customer service anywhere else!  When my friends and I arrived at the hotel, we were &quot;greeted&quot; by an irritated old man behind the desk who, after giving us a round of dirty looks, refused to honor our reservation because the price we booked on Booking.com was &quot;too low&quot;. He told us we had to pay a higher price or get out. Obviously we chose to go somewhere else rather than we treated with such blatant contempt. We ended up down the street at Auberge Montreal which was much cleaner and the customer service was great. Even though we ended up at a much better hotel, the experience left my friends and I with a really bad impression so try and avoid this place at all cost! Not only was the customer service horrific, but it is illegal for hotels to try and raise the price that was already booked online.	
Oct 19 2009 	Would love to throw eggs at this place!	The worst customer service I've ever encountered!!!Man at check-in refused to honor our reservation at the price we booked online. Insisted we pay more or go to another hotel. When we told him we would only pay what we booked online, he proceeded to call the online booking company to yell and complain. All the while, he lost several customers who arrived and quickly left after overhearing and witnessing this disgruntled man yelling over the phone!I've never felt so unwelcome in my life. So, basically, we were kicked out and had to look for another hotel. We ended up staying at Auberge Montreal Espace Confort just up the street. Very cute and friendly service.	
Jul 17 2009 	outdated yet cosy	My boyfriend and I wanted a place to stay for a mere two nights. Hotel du Manoir was a good value. The place is likened to an old-fashioned wood chalet. The room and bathroom were relatively clean and some basic toiletries were included. The staff were friendly and pleasant. The hotel was well located in the heart of the city, provided that you are not phased by panhandlers and the homeless that are omnipresent in this area. If you're looking for a no frills accommodation in the thick of the city, I would recommend this place.	
Jun 15 2009 	Not bad	My boyfriend and I chose to stay here for our last night in Montreal because the first place we stayed in was just awful! The location is ideal for young adults who want to be close to the nightlife. We asked to see the room first before booking it to make sure it was better than where we were staying. The room is very basic. It has a comfortable double bed, shower (no tub), 20 inch TV with basic cable, and a small fridge for bottled water etc. The room was clean. A small breakfast was also included (one orange juice or coffee with one croissant). Most of all, the price was only $56 a night taxes included! The downside was that it was a long and steep walk up 3 flights of stairs to get to our room and we had to carry our luggage ourselves. The room looks outdated and you can't control its temperature. The hallways are very narrow. The rooms are not &quot;soundproof.&quot; Despite all this, it is worth it! Keep in mind, you're only spending about $56 per night.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great place to party for the weekend	I booked this hotel on Booking.com and it was perfect for what I was looking for. I stayed there one night, went to the clubs, the casino. It was right next to the club area and the drive to the casino was quick and easy.	
Jun 25 2008 	I love this place	I've stayed at the Hotel du Manoir about half a dozen times over the past eight years, and I think it offers a superb value for the price. It is not a five-star hotel, but the rooms are clean and comfy, with high ceilings and spotless bathrooms. There are many conveniences that are great if you're on a budget: A little fridge in each room, telephone with free local calls, free Internet access in the lobby, and a free continental breakfast (er, which I've never woken up early enough to try). The location is fabulous, right in the lively Latin Quarter, with wonderful little import shops and tons of coffee shops and restaurants. (And let me add that it's a perfect location for vegetarians, with two amazing vegetarian restaurants nearby -- Le Commensal practically next door and Yuan about a block away.) From the Latin Quarter you can easily walk to various other parts of Montreal, such as downtown, Old Montreal, Chinatown, etc. Although the neighborhood is lively, I've never had a problem with noise at night. The rooms seem pretty sound-proof.And last but not least, the manager at the front desk is exceptionally kind and helpful, with a wonderful sense of humor!	
Jun 21 2008 	honest review	I took a chance with this hotel because half of the reviews on this site were positive and half were negative. I'm here to set the record straight. This is not a one star hotel, it is a zero star hotel. The location is on the busy St. Denis which would be fine if it were not for the local bum population that's parked right outside your front door step. Upon checking in, it was obvious that this hotel was not up to par. The carpeted and cramped stairway featured a large stain near the top where someone had apparently vomitted. The rooms were cramped and haphazardly arranged. At the foot of my bed was our only sink. The toliet and shower were in seperate rooms; the shower boasting a soft floor for which I prayed I wouldn't fall through. The bed linens were not sufficently clean. The air conditioning was ill-suited to handle the cooling of the room. Overall, I would never recommend such a hotel to anyone. This hotel is better suited to be a brothel than a place that accomodates tourists in Montreal.	
Jun 15 2008 	Never again!	Bad, bad choice! The hotel is horroble! No air conditioning in our room floor and the place smells like vomit! We didn't spent the 2 nights that we've paid, so I want my money back!Please take this hotel out of your list. Not recommended even for enemies!	
Jul 6 2007 	Credit Card Scam - Beware	When I went to Montreal May 2007 I used my credit card ONLY to book a room at this hotel. A few weeks later I was called by my credit card company informing me that someone, in Montreal, had maxed out my credit card. Since I did not use my credit card anywhere else during my stay at Montreal, I can only suspect that someone working at the Hotel de Manoir St. Denis used my account number. Furthermore, watch what happens to your credit card when you submitted it on arrival. I didn't realize it then but they made a copy of my card. If you are making reservations at this hotel beware of the possible fraud and tampering with your credit card.	
Apr 25 2007	Bedbugs...never again	As I woke up at 1:00 am in the morning I saw two bedbugs on my pillow...I left the hotel inmediately. I put everything in garbage bags, and then threw everything away: my bag, jeans, socks, underwear, running shoes, and a $275 Ralph Lauren jacket I used as a pillow. Clerk said they 'would close' the room...well, these nasty insects move from room to room.I changed clothes three times before coming home, and I threw away those clothes as well.I sprayed poison on my car, apartment: take my advise: be very very very careful if staying @ this place, or you'll have a surprise when you get home	
Jan 11 2007 	Great value + location	This hotel is a gem of a deal. It's cheap, clean, great location + friendly staff. This was my first visit to Montreal and I didn't know my way around. The hotel is located in the Latin quarter. The neighborhood is a rustic, chic, trendy area. Affordable dining and cool bars. Excellent Thai restaurant and a hookah bar nearby. Our stay was very pleasant and exceeded my expectations. I thought the place would be somewhat rundown considering the low room rates, but it wasnt. It was well maintained and had the feeling of a European hostel. I highly reccomend it.	
Apr 15 2006	Good Value	I stayed at Hotel Du Manoir St. Denis in Montreal for 1 night and felt that it was good value for $63 (including tax). There were 3 of us: 2 guys and 1 girl. Booking 2 rooms at a regular hotel or 1 large room/suite would have been expensive and awkward so staying at Du Manoir was the best solution for us. The guys stayed in a double room with 2 double beds for $75 (including tax) and I had the single room with a double bed. The rooms were basic but clean and they even each had a fridge and TV! What more could you ask for? The concierge was very friendly. It was centrally located too at St. Denis and Ontario, walkable to many restaurants and bars. The only drawback are the thin walls. You can hear your next door neighbour easily. We were there April 10th, so the hotel was not full and all we heard were each other, but during high season I imagine would get noisy.	
Jan 13 2006	Don't expect 5 star service but...	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in November and was not disappointed, considering the room rate of $42 CAN. The room was compact, but as I was out and about all day, it suited the purpose of a nights sleep. The room was heated at a comfortable temperature, bed was comfy, water was hot and room was clean. The only down side would be that the rooms are not very sound proof so this may be testing in peak season, but other than that, I don't have any complaints and would recommend the hotel if you are just wanting a bed for the night or two.	
Dec 5 2005	Do NOT go there. Bed bugs!	We were eaten alive by bed bugs. Bitten all over the body. Appalling. My wife had to return to Sydney. The management denied everything and were rude. The place is disgustingly filthy. Whatever you do - DO NOT GO THERE!!! We have informed the Montreal Health Authority but they diodn't seem to care - never replied.	
Aug 29 2005	What a GEM!!!!	I have stayed here more than 50 nights over the past few years. The rooms are cabin-nottypine, clean and comfortable. The staff is excellent! Friendly!! and so Accommodating!!! In addition to a great value, their location is ideal. Park your car and DO Montreal by foot. Close to metro, too. We'll be there again in a few weeks and wouldn't think of ever staying anywhere else. It's not the Ritz. We stay at too many four and five star hotels/resorts during any one year, so it's a fefreshing change to stay at such a home-y place when we go to Montreal.	
Oct 14 2003	Would not stay here again...at any price	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the price (and the fact that it's available even in high seasons).We booked our reservation 2 weeks prior to arriving...but they had no records of it when we got there. Luckily they did have rooms available so we were okay in that respect.Our room was extremely small and not properly ventilated (therefore giving it a mildew oder). There were gums stuck to the ceiling and stains on the carpeted floor.The only good thing I can say about this place is that it was relatively cheap (but not a good value since do you get what you pay for here) and the staff was cordial and polite.	
Jul 27 2009	sympatique		
May 3 2008 	Le confort et la propreté à petit prix		
