Nov 15 2009 	Great value.	I stayed here while attending an academic conference. I paid less than 1/3 of the price of the conference hotels and got a single room plus continental breakfast (not included at the other hotels). Breakfast is a big muffin, coffee and juice. This is not the place to choose if you want new, fashionable, luxurious accommodations, but I found the room clean and it had everything I needed. The hotel is a short walk from a metro stop and about a 10 minute walk from the Palais des Congres. It is a 10-20 minute walk to the Old City and to other parts of downtown. The manager was friendly and very helpful. I was very happy with my stay!	
Nov 5 2009 	Hotel manager himself doesn't think this is a hotel. Best advice: stay away!	My experience was quite bad. First of all, the window in my room leaked a lot. I turned the heater on high and the room temperature wouldn't still rise above 61F. Also, since the window was so thin (and a part of it was replaced by wood) you could also hear the noise from the street very loudly.The lock in the door was also ridiculous - the safety lock had been ripped away and the lock itself wouldn't lock. I noticed it when I tried to access my room and I didn't even need a key - the door wasn't locked (and I wasn't able to lock it from the outside no matter how much I tried)...As far as I understand, the hotel is run by an Indian person. He tries really hard to be friendly and all, but doesn't really have money to run the place. Also, sometimes the customer service fails... e.g. when I asked him if there is an elevator in the hotel, he replied in a loud voice: &quot;No we don't, this is not a hotel!!!&quot;I couldn't agree more.	
Sep 27 2009 	Keep on going........right no by	Dumpy. Watch their recession fight web ad...rooms starting at 47 hah. Began with a very argumentative desk person. Basement room, tiny and better could be found near by. IN short: its bad!!	
Sep 20 2009 	you get what you pay - not much	it's located about 10 minutes (walk) from the metro-station where the airport-bus stops, the room was the smallest one I've ever been too, it was only every second time possible to flush the loo, the breakfast is a cup of juice, a cup of coffee/milk/tea and a chocolate or blueberry muffin or a plain croissant, it wasn't possible to open the window and it was still very loud...	
Aug 28 2009 	Have been staying there for 15 years	I've been to the Hotel Viger about 6 times in the last 15 years. It is a good budget option. The staff have always been friendly. It's located in a great location near a fun part of St. Catherine street, and walking distance to pretty much anywhere. The rooms vary, some are quite small but the doubles are roomy. It's a no-frills place to stay for a short time, and I've never been disappointed.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice hotel - very helpful and friendly staff	My boyfriend and I stayed in Montreal for 3 days and we found the hotel to be perfect, at least for us. Of course, if u r expecting 5 stars, u won't get it. Our expectations are:safety (e.g. theft), good/perfect location, friendly/helpful staff, affordable, clean &amp; not noisy room. This hotel gets an a+ from us for all of the above.	
Aug 14 2009 	Hotel from hell ... the service is the worst I have ever experienced	I needed to change my booking by 1 day, I contacted them by phone and email numerous time within a month of my arrival, and no one called / emailed me back. When I fianally got a hold of someone, they said that I lied, that I never did called / emailed to advised them of my change request. What a load of bull[--].i immediatly requested to speak to the manager, was transfered, left a vm and never was contacted again....I finally was able to change my reservation, but was charged 50% of the cost anyways WTFI stayed there since I could not get a refund, the room served it's purpose &quot;to sleep&quot;, and when I left, I was sold a airport bus shuttle ticket at $30. Got to the bus, hopped on and was told my ticket was invalid, that I had to by another one.I would never recommend hotel viger, and will never go back.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location and fantastic beds	For over 20 years we've stayed at this charming, century-old inn. Clean, comfortable (fantastic beds-most comfortable of any place we've ever stayed). The location is very handy-between 2 Metro stops and a 10 minute walk to the Old Port or to St. Catherine St. very reasonable, seasonal rates, including breakfast (croissants or muffin, coffee, tea or chocolate and OJ). Free internet access in the lounge and parking is available for a fee. Wonderful, personal service.	
May 5 2009 	Good inexpensive choice	We truly enjoyed staying at the Viger Hotel. It's in a very central location (ca 10 Min to the Basilica and the Old Montreal Downtown) and has very polite and good English-speaking service. The outside looks of the hotel and the rooms themselves are not ultra-luxurious, so if you look for luxury you may need to go somewhere else (and pay considerably more). For us, however, it was the perfect choice and the &quot;petite dejeuner&quot; (continental breakfast) sufficient for a good start in the morning. Parking was also easily found around the hotel (we parked on a Friday evening and there is free parking then available all around the hotel till Monday morning). If you really don't know where to park (which would be surprising to me) then the hotel can still offer you a day-pass at a nearby parking lot for Can-$ 10. The Wifi-internet was fast and reliable.	
Jan 26 2009 	A+ Customer service!	After searching through many websites dealing with various accomidations and price ranges, I found this hotel and price range to be the most easy to deal with! The price was fantastic! Check in was a breeze! Parking was at the front door!They give great old fashion service! No frills or bologna! Clean quiet accomidations. The shower in room 11..let's just say OMG! I almost forgot to add soap to the equation, best shower I have ever felt! Staff was helpfull and very nice and willing to help with getting around the city with EXACT directions. I couldn't thank them enough! They truly understand what customer service is all about!	
Oct 10 2008 	Don't bother	This place leaves something to be desired - and that's being kind. The hallway stank of excrement, as did the room. The staff were relatively helpful but you just wouldn't want to stay there despite that. It would be fine for one night after a long evening out drinking and you didn't care about the state of the place. The bathroom was disgusting, bin wasn't emptied from previous guests. We had a room on the ground floor by the front door - the doorbell was ringing throughout the night; when someone above used water you could hear them; the same with someone moving around on the stairs. You could hear every conversation on Reception at any time, including heated family arguments in the morning. Just not good. When we checked out they did offer to change our room though.	
Jul 16 2008 	Best X 3 ( Best Price-Best Attention-Best Location)	The Hotel Viger is a uncommon case of a hotel reduced price (59 $) Attention (monitor on a daily by its owner), clean, FULL equipment (air conditioning / heating, hot water, cable, refrigerator, WI-FI, Internet room, microwave, coffee / tea making facilities). Unlimited local calls and breakfast at no additional cost. Strategic location, 3 blocks from a subway station, and bus stops front to HOTEL.THE BEST-PRICE VALUE-CARE.	
May 26 2008 	Never again	We didnt mind it the first time. But when we went back the hotel had gone downhill. Dint realize til we I got my next credit card statement, that the hotel had compromised my card.Wish I could prove it.	
Apr 26 2008 	OK For The Price	I have seen a review which I have to say was at least unfair and definitely an exaggeration.The hotel although not a four star was more than adequate..within walking distance to just about everything to do and see.Let's face it when your in Montreal you don't want to stay in a hotel all day.The room was small but clean and comfortable.The bathroom very clean,and although t.v. was mostly in french we plowed our way threw.At the prices we could have paid,the Viger was a weekend three star hotel.	
Oct 24 2007 	Terrible!	At check-in, the “manager” told as, rudely, to go and check to see if we liked the room. I was wondering why would he send us to take a look before checking-in, but a few minutes later I found my answer: the hallways were dirty and smelly and the room had the toilet broken. Since all hotels in Montreal were booked due to Diverscité , we only complained about the toilet. The guy was very upset and sent us to a different room in a different area of the hotel. The place was terrible! In our way to our room we saw that many rooms didn't even have a lock. There was a sofa in the &quot;lounge&quot; pilled up with garbage and the room had a very sticky carpet, the tv didn’t work and the mattress’ sheets were too small.Since I didn’t want to sleep on top of a disgustingly dirty mattress, I slept with my clothes on and never ever touched the carpet except with my shoes on. Needless to say, we left the following morning.So, unless you know for sure that they have done a serious remodelling to this place, don't even consider this hotel!!!	
Sep 18 2007 	well good value but i don't wanna go there again ;-p	this hotel might be the very first hotel that i won't go back again.but still, it's worth it when i consider the room rate.the room was so small. bath also like one of the dorm's.what i just liked at this hotel was i could control the temperature of my room. well i was thankful to see the cables with that cheap rate, but there was no remote control so i had to change the chanel hardly by myself.and the locations is not that bad. it's just 5 minutes walk to the bus terminal and subway station, Chateau Lamzay(?) and to the Beaux-Montreal area. for the small-budget travelers, this hotel is not that bad. also they give either one of a small croisant or a muffin for the &quot;petit-dejourner'.	
Sep 14 2007 	Value for money	We had three nights here and is was with some trepidation that we entered the hotel following some of the negative feedback we had seen on the web. First impression - tatty, but this place grows on you. The room was small double, had a great shower and a clean and comfy bed. If you are looking for a cheap option in a good location, this may be it. The Ritz it ain't but you should get a decent nights sleep at a very reasonable price.	
Sep 4 2006 	you pay for what you get	Well, my boyfriend and I stayed this past long weekend at Hotel Viger, even after reading the negative reviews, which made us nervous about staying there (we already reserved a room online by the time we found the reviews, and are not the type of people to complain about the cancellation policy that we recieved in our email.) Anyways, we were quite nervous, but ended up really enjoying our stay. With the amount of money we saved we were able to do some more shopping. The negative aspects were that the walls were pretty thin, you can hear everyone opening and closing the door; there is no alarm clock, and the first morning we missed the breakfast; and the shower is horribly small and does not remain at a constant temperature.The good side was the bed was clean, the tv works, the location is great (we walked everywhere the whole weekend) and the guy at the front desk was really friendly towards us.All in all, you get what you pay for, for 30$ each per night (around 130 in total) it was good, we were only at the hotel to sleep, but if your more pickier then go with a larger chain hotel.(btw, there is a great cafe north of Viger on St. Catherines if you end up missing the breakfast like we did.)	
Aug 10 2006	Its okay if you are a student looking for something cheap!	If you really want to save some money and are looking for a place to dump your bags, then this is it. Otherwise I would go somewhere else. The staff could learn to be more friendly to make your stay comfortable, however they prefer to look at you like a stranger. The breakfast situation was really pathetic. We had to pick up our coffee and muffins from the counter and take it up to our rooms. The coffee/tea was served in styrofoam cups, how ridiculous. If only they could have turned the small computer room situated adjacent to the reception cubicle into a little breakfast area, would make it more convenient for guests to pick up their breakfast.	
Mar 9 2006	Best Place to Stay	I think that this is the best place to stay in Montreal. The first time my husband and I went before we were married we stayed there. It was a great experince. I would do it again in a heart beat.	
Aug 29 2005	I would never go back there again.	My girlfriend and I went to Montreal for a 3 day vacation, and we thought it would be nice to stay in a nice small private hotel not too far from Old Montreal. So we found Hotel Viger, and there's a sign outside rooms for 25$ A/C, phone and cable TV, so we thought wow that's cheap. Once I got in, the desk clerk could barely speak french or english. All I told him is that I wanted a room with 1 bed for 3 nights and he showed us this tiny room with a queen size bed in the middle. The one night stand, one little lamp, a bar fridge, a bathroom and a TV, so we thought not bad and it's quiet. So we ask how much, he says in broken english 70$/night, I ask him about the sign outside, he that's a room with no bathroom. I was able to bargain with him, by telling him I was going to somewhere else, and I finally got the price down to 45$. So I book it. I start bringing the luggage in and I notice the bar fridge isn't plugged in, no big deal. But after dinner went we got back, we found out that it was hard to find parking, the A/C barely work, the shower was leaking, the phone line was cut and there was no TV. I tried to complain to the desk clerk but he was so rude because of his broken english, that he hid in his room. The next night I got a call for a family emergency, so I went to tell the desk clerk of this information, and that I'd like a refund for my 3rd night that I paid, he refuse, telling me that he didn't know how to do a refund on a credit card, and that it's 48 hours notice he needs... TOTAL BS, because he never said this info to me, NOR is it posted in the lobby, on the back of the receipt OR in the room. All he told me is to go to the aiport and they'll give me my money back. I call the aiport the next day on my way home, and the lady told me that the airport doesn't do hotel reimbursement and that I was had by him. I would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone or any rat that may live in Montreal to stay there. I would rather sleep in a cardboard box, on St.Catherines St. before I would go there.	
Apr 21 2005	Friendly service and great location.	Nothing fancy but room I stayed in was acommodating and clean. The service is friendly and the stay is very inexpensive, would recommend to a couple if looking for something inexpensive. Very short walk to Old Montreal, five minutes from the Cathedral.	
Oct 10 2004	It was alright...good for the price we paid	This place is worth the money paid.Had Air Conditioning, bathroom, and enough pillows, and comforters.For a group of 4, the washrooom was small...but when paying less then $60 per person for 4 nights...it's worth it!!!The breakfest is way too early...but the good thing is that a McD's is close by and most things are within walking distance....so no fretting over a Jumbo muffin and a glass of OJ (recommend going to a Timmy's or a Convienence store)Your within the Old Port area and Metro, is accessible. Your close to St. Denis and UQAM, as well as to the clubs on St. Laurent.I would come to this place again for the price i paid.Cheers.	
Aug 12 2004	o.k. but bring own cleaning products	when i phoned and made reservations i specificly asked for a room with air conditioning when i arrived i got aroom with a fan . After asking to be switched to an air conditioned room they did give me another room however when i arrived at the new room it obviously had not been cleaned ,there was hair in the bathtub and dirt and crumbs all over the floor. i am not that picky and was not expecting a lot for the price of the room but i would like to walk around without other peoples dirt and mess sticking to my feet . I found a cleaner in the hall and asked if my room had been cleaned ,she said it had so i asked if she could vaccum because of mess on floor and that there was hair in the tub she was a little upset at my request and asked to be shown where there was hair in the tub she didn't however ask about the mess on the floor as that was obviuos. while getting our luggage she did vaccum the room and rinse the tub out but i cleaned the whole bathroom myself after bacause it still wasn't very clean. Overall it wasn't to bad other than the cleanliness and the price was good i paid $68. a night + $8. a day for parking for a 2 bed room which is pretty good for that area. It's also only about a 5-10 min. walk to old montreal . The park across the street did seem to have a lot of homeless people but they didn't seem to bother anyone and the parking is 1 block away but you can see it from the front of the motel. I would probably stay again but this time i would take my own cleaning products.	
Aug 9 2004	Good enough for the price	We've stayed there on August 7, 2004. Generally speaking this small hotel is worth its price. The rooms are small, but clean and cozy. Staff is friendly, breakfast included juice, coffee, muffin or croissant, jam and butter. Parking is available nearby for $8 extra. Air conditioning was working well. In the summer time it's very needed since rooms are small and windows won't open.Overall, I liked the place and would stay there again.	
Jan 8 2004	Good Hotel for a GREAT price!	I read the reviews of this hotel on this website from others before me, and became Very nervous about my decision to book one room for 4 adults during the holidays to tour the City (especially as the other couple don't do budget hotels).However, it was a small clean hotel. The only thing that stunk was the desk clerk - but I can live with that. Being that we were 2 couples sharing a room, I was very impressed that there was a wall separating the two beds for our privacy. The bathroom was clean - as were the sheets (my two priorities for any hotel). The room was really warm when we entered - but I'd rather a warm room and turn it down (and crack open the window) than a cold room.I was impressed that they still served us our continental breakfast after it was over - its only from 8-9am , but all 4 of us got orange juice and a big muffin (the Costco-sized ones) at 10am.For $20 per person per night, we definitely got our money worth and whenever I return to Montreal I will stay there - unless I want an upper-scale / romantic room... but this time I wanted a budget room. Even my picky friends were very impressed.Only complaint was that we went before New Years and there were a lot of loud partiers in the hallway after the bars closed... but I didnt voice a complaint to either the partiers or managers. Budget hotels attracted those people obviously.	
Nov 23 2003	beware of the look and price	We stayed at the Hotel Viger the night of November 21, 2003. I had picked a brochure and it said 2 person a night 42.00 wow, we taught not bad, when i called to make reservations the man said oh! because its the week its 5.00 more, i taught alright still cheap. So we get there, wow Victorian style, yeah right! When filling out papers, the lady said oh! it will be 5.00 more dollars because of Queen size bed. Bad Advertisement! OK! its still cheap but come! When we got to the room, oh my! The bed takes up the whole room no closet, the tv is up high on a shelve with brakets, their is 2 tiny used towels, very small. So if you want to spend a nice evening with your other half, think again! If you want to get there at 10:00 spend the night and get out the next morning, not too bad.	
Nov 17 2003	small nice hotel	Nice small Hotel close to the Metro and the Bus Station. We stay there every year.	
Aug 18 2003	A real charmer	I recently stayed at the hotel-viger. This hotel is definitely not for fat people. The showers are approximately 3 feet by 3 feet. A larger person could easily become wedged in place and a tragedy could result. Also, the air conditioning in my room was non-existent. There was a small vent along the floor but to the best of my knowledge cold air did not flow from it. There was very poor ventilation in general. My roomates had some gas issues and some added ventilation would have gone a long way. Personally, I suggest that visitors stay at the Mariott or the Sheraton in downtown Montreal. The Best Western on Drummond also is a nice place to stay. I will say though that the paper &quot;personal bath mat&quot; definitely added a touch of class to the establishment.	
Jul 27 2003	Beware - False advertising and rotten inside	BEWARE! This hotel does not have a &quot;well preserved Antique Victorian exterior&quot; nor is it &quot;modern&quot; or &quot;clean and comfortable&quot;! From the moment we walked into the crumbling hotel, it reeked of cat urine and had buckets placed in the hallways to catch the water that was dripping out of the ceiling. The carpeting in our room was WET and MOLDY and we wore socks the entire time. The bathroom was so small that we had to sit sideways on the toilet, and there was a HOLE in THE FLOOR! Yes, there was an A/C unit in the window but it wasn't even sealed and you could SEE the street outside! My husband called the 1-800 number to talk to me briefly and when he asked for my room #, it was transferred and the person on duty listened in and very rudely SHOUTED &quot;GET OFF NOW!&quot; then he hung up and came back on 30 seconds later and shouted at us &quot;HANG UP NOW GET OFF&quot;. Unbelieveable! The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is a tray of food that I wouldn't feed my dog. All we wanted was a &quot;clean and comfortable&quot; room - didn't think we were asking for much. We are used to staying in Motel 6 or Super 8 and I am not used to luxury at all, but this place was a DIVE and the fact that they false advertise and that the website picture does not even resemble the REAL facade!!! NEVER AGAIN!! We tried to leave 2 days early and go elsewhere but they CHARGED US UP FRONT AND REFUSED TO CREDIT MY ACCOUNT. No normal business could ever function like this - it was a total scam! When I asked for a receipt upon check-out, I had to ARGUE with the worker on duty. The &quot;convenient&quot; parking &quot;across the street&quot; is actually 3 blocks away behind a huge building and unlit. BEWARE! The only good thing about this hotel is that it is located on the edge of Old Montreal.	
Jul 24 2003	Family Tradition	Every year we return to this basic, well placed hotel where many world travelers converge. Our kids still love it. Probably not for tourists but more for travelers like those who would love our very inexpensive Tunisian hotel in Paris.	
Jun 21 2003	Accused of being a liar by the staff"	We stayed in Hotel Viger for two days, Wednesday and Thursday. On that first Wednesday we asked one of the staff if we could have a late checkout on Friday at 3:00 pm. She of course said it would be no problem, just make sure we mention it to the girl at the counter the next morning.The next day (Thursday) we mentioned the late check out, to the girl with the french accent and she said it would be no problem. We went out and did our sightseeing and had a nice time.That Friday we went out to do some shopping, when we came back to drop off our bags to the room, the girl stopped us and said that we had to check out of the room, she said that they needed the room and she asked if the lady really said that we could have a late checkout. She said that the lady never said we could check out late, accusing us of lying. What would we have to gain from lying. That made us feel terrible, after we just had an enjoyable visit in Montreal. It left a bad taste in our mouth. If we could not have a late check out they could have told us that from the beginning so that we could make other arrangements.We had to pack up all of our things and take them to the car. Another sore spot was the parking, the lady (who had told us we could check out late) suddenly changed her tune. She said we had to pay the $10.00 for the parking and return the parking pass, because the man had to get paid for the parking, when clearly the parking pass was paid for the month of June. She then changed her mind and told us we could keep the parking pass until 3:00 pm if we gave her another $3.00, which we assume she quickly pocketed for herself. She offered to look after our bags until we came back but we had an uneasy feeling and we decided to put all our bags in our car.We agreed that for the price of the room, we got what we paid for, and $64.00 was not expensive, but it was misleading when the rate is advertised as much lower. It would be better if they had told us straight away what the price would be, we would gladly pay it.The room was basic, just a place to sleep and shower, although the towels could have been thicker, and a bath mat would have been nice, instead of the paper laid on the floor.If we had been treated better by the staff, we may have stayed again but we would rather pay more for a room and stay somewhere else where we would be treated as valued customers instead of criminals. - Helen	
Jun 15 2003	It's definately a great stay year over	Hotel viger is fantastically located within the Old Port Area of Montreal close enough to all the tourist action, but not right in the middle so that it is quiet at night. I've been going to the hotel for years and have always gotten a great view of the city. Their rooms are all different sizes, but all have private washrooms. The staff, I find, is exceptional at prviding assistance and information. The best thing that I find is that the hotel is always filled with people during the summer months (I go in July) and you get to meet people form all over the Europe. The Old Port is absolutely the best during this time of year. There are thousands of tourists and tons of shows and events going on within a short walk of the hotel. They don't kid around when they tell you to book ahead. It's not the Crown Plaza, but it it's clean and quiet and safe and close to all the events.-Cathy	
Jun 4 2003	Bait and Switch Advertising for Rates	Hotel Viger posts one rate, then charges another for the same room when you make a reservation. Here's the text of what they sent me when they confirmed that my reservation cost per night was 35% higher than what they'd advertised - oh, and by the way, they'd already charged my credit card and don't permit cancellations:&quot;The ad in the Tourist Guides, Maps and Web-site for &quot;GUARANTEED PRICES&quot; are for 20% of the total rooms we have and so are only for &quot;LIMITED ROOMS&quot;. The room you are asking for with publicity prices is already reserved for the same period a long time ago. &quot;So - buyer beware, make sure you get the rate in writing before you make your reservation!	
Jul 28 2009 	????		
