	Great location jungle themed rooms!	My boyfriend and I read the reviews of Hotel Kutuma on a few different sites before booking, but somehow we managed to miss the fact that it is jungle-themed! When we walked into our room (a Junior Suite) the first thing we saw was a king-sized bed decked out in zebra and leopard print bedding, and then the fake palm tree and African carvings. But after being caught off guard by the kitsch factor we warmed up to it. Our room was very comfortable and clean. The location was good for walking to many different neighborhoods and the staff was pleasant and accommodating (they let us check out 2 hours late). I'm not giving Kutuma 5 stars, however, because the microwave and mini stovetop didn't work, and the deep, luxurious-looking bathtub took forever to fill.	
	Amazing! This place is a total gem!	Hotel Kutuma is the nicest place I have ever stayed! My experiance even tops staying in the Romeo and Juliet suite at sandals where I had a private butler! The staff were so kind, and yet down to earth. When I arrived they promptly checked me in, offered me a drink, and brought my bags up to my room. The decor was awesome, totally my style, top to bottom. The bed was super comfy and the sheets were not only great to look at, they were super comfy too! The hotel was so clean, it was if no one had ever stayed in that room before. My only complaint was that the water pressure was not excellent, but i stayed on the top floor and it would likely be better on the lower floors. I would not only recomend this hotel to others, I plan on writing an article about it. It has opened my eyes to the benefits of boutique hotels over the big chains. Kudos to you Hotel Kutuma! Keep up the great work.	
Nov 26 2009 	perfect	i dont normally write reviews, actually i never have, but felt i had to for hotel kutuma. my wife and i spent 4 days in montreal for a quick vacation and stayed here. when we arrived, we were offered a complimentary drink and upgraded to a suite with a jacuzzi. very cool. the room was huge, bathroom was huge, full kitchen with appliances nicer than most peoples homes, exposed brick, electric fireplace that is kind of cheesy but actually kind of nice, king size bed with amazing down comforter and linens. i cant say enough about the concierge, although they weren't around all the time (which isn't necessarily a bad thing) they were extremely helpful and friendly when they were. the location is absolutely perfect, close to everything, restaurants (although there seems to be a restaurant every other store front in the entire city!)and shopping. we also ate at the restaurant in the hotel, the blue nile, and it was great Ethiopian food. If you are alright staying at a non-chain, boutique hotel, then i cant recommend this place enough, you wont be let down.	
Nov 19 2009 	Service with a smile	I can't recommend this hotel enough. Whenever my friends visit a foreign city, they always have some story about how they discovered some gem, be it a restaurant or a hotel. I was never able to relate, but now after visiting Hotel Kutuma, I can say that I discovered BOTH.I'm surprised to have read the last review posted, because like any decent traveler, I did my homework, reading everything that other travelers had posted. It consisted by and large of rave reviews, and giving credit where credit is due, it has most certainly earned a rave review from me. The hotel is boutique in every sense of the word, with its small reception and lack of an elevator; but this is where the disappointments end. The rooms are simply delightful. We stayed in a Queen Superior, the cheapest room available, and with its themed decor, and dining table for two, it was real value for our money.I could go on about the little surprises the room had in store, like a gourmet coffee-maker (I LOVE coffee), and a fully-stocked kitchen with pots, pans and cutlery, but this would be drawing attention away from Hotel Kutuma's real strength, the service.Never before have I stayed in a hotel where I felt so very welcome. During breakfast, the manager sat down with me and my fiance and after chatting with us for a bit, pointed out places that we might find of interest. We were thinking of giving the modern art museum a miss, but on the manager's recommendation, we went, and I am very glad we did. During dinner at the hotel's ethiopian restaurant (delicious food), the manager came by and offered me and my fiance a complimentary dessert each. The hospitality isn't restricted to just the manager, the receptionist was very helpful in recommending other places to go, printing out directions, and even giving us umbrellas saying that there was a high chance it would rain. It dd.In short, the rooms were great, true value for your money, but it's the service that will put a smile on your face.	
Nov 16 2009 	Bum Deal	When we arrived the entrance was not clear. The reception was just just enough for two people. Two flights of stairs to our room with two suitcases. The room was tiny. The wardrobe was a joke. The bathroom was small. A small area of carpet between the fridge and bed was wet. We pointed this out to the manager there and then. Said it would be sorted. No one came that night to fix the problem. The bed was too high and soft. Before going out next day we again mentioned the damp carpet. On returning to our room at the end of the day sight seeing. The damp patch was still there. Once again mentioned to reception. Yes, later that evening a man came into the room and declared the fridge was leaking. About 20 minutes later the problem was fixed. This could have been fixed while we where out for the day, instead of us having to hang around in the room waiting for the man to go before we could shower and relax for the night. The next day we were to book out and decided to have breakfast. Not the best, it was just fried potatoes and veggies no meat no eggs - strange. Left feeling hungry. We have stayed at lots of hotels and this was not the best. I don't understand the write ups. Yes, it was clean. But not excellent..	
Nov 1 2009 	Large rooms clean well-located	We enjoyed our 3 night stay. We actually didn't have any interaction with the staff except for checking in where we were offerred a complimentary drink. It seemed to us more like renting an apartment for a few days. We paid in advance and just left the keys in the room as we left as there also seemed to be no one around. This isn't a complaint though, that was fine. The room was on the second floor, large, clean, with kitchen and dining area. Not many windows but a door to a fire escape. The African theme was interesting. It was very quiet during our stay, we didn't hear any traffic noise or noise from other rooms. It was nice to have a refrigerator to put snacks in. The hotel is only a few blocks from the Sherbrooke metro and there are dozens and dozens of restaurants within a few blocks. We love Ethiopian food and enjoyed eating at the restaurant downstairs which seemed very popular.	
Oct 21 2009	Great service and funky rooms....	Had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Kutuma recently and felt absolutely spoiled by the management and staff of the hotel and restaurant. Any requests we made were promptly granted and always with a gracious smile. The hotel itself is in a lovely shopping area and jammed full of ethnic restaurants and interesting cafes/bars. The decor is funky and makes the stay all the more interesting. The bathroom was large and the jetted tub very invitiing. We ate at the Blue Nile restaurant which is directly attached to the hotel and enjoyed the experience of trying a new style of food and eating with our hands. Beware the complimentary desserts...they are delicious! Couldn't think of a better location in Montreal to stay and along with the charm of a smaller hotel and the attentiveness of the staff, Kutuma is definitely worth a return visit.	
Oct 14 2009 	nicest spot in Montreal	What a wonderful hotel. The staff was pleasant and extremely helpful. They went out their way to make sure my wife and I had everything we needed. We ordered Ethiopian food from the restaurant downstairs for room service. The food was excellent.The location is great. Right near a metro station and close walking distance to anything you might want to do in Montreal.We can't wait to go back!	
Sep 23 2009 	Serious disconnect with these reviews	Not sure if there was a management change, but there seems to be a serious disconnect from my experience and the other reviews. We booked 2 junior suites for $150 based on their reviews on trip advisor. We called on the drive up to Montreal, and they took our credit card info and said we were all set. When we arrived, they told us that the the junior suite was not available. However, a deluxe suite was available for $15 more. We told them that we had just reserved this suite about 1.5 hours earlier by phone, but they said only internet reservations were valid, not phone reservations...Hmm, ok?...Since it was only a $15 difference, I tried to at least give them the benefit of the doubt and I asked to see both rooms, amazingly the deluxe suite was smaller with a queen bed instead of a king (and far less impressive than the junior suite). The rooms I saw were pretty dingy &amp; were covered with a leopard skin decor and reeked..I mean reeked of cheap massage oil. Needless to say, I didn't take the room. They also tried to work us for unnecessary valet parking, by lying to us about parking hours on the street. Anyway, we left, and the first place we found was for a far better room for $90 per night(about 60% of the room cost at Katuma) Took us 5 minutes, people were happy to have our business and room was much nicer, and included breakfast as well. In all my stays at places reviewed well on Trip advisor, this one was by far the worst of the bunch..my advice is STAY AWAY FROM KUTUMA.	
Aug 7 2009 	Comfortable Unique Hotel in Great Spot	We had a great stay at the Hotel Kutuma, highlighted by the friendly service, comfortable bed and sitting area, and the best bathroom. Got there early and was unable to get in to our room. In the meantime, we were treated to a complimentary, delicious cup of coffee. We were able to leave them our luggage and car, and went off to explore the city on foot and Metro (stop a bit of a walk, but nothing too bad). When we returned our luggage was in our room. The king sized bed was soooo comfortable, but the highlight was the bathroom. There was a huge deep tub with this great showerhead that adjusted to your height, and side panels featuring additional water jets. Very cool. I can't say enough how nice the proprietor was, and I had a great time wandering around the surrounding neighborhood. In fact a few blocks down there is a street closed to traffic, with numerous bars and restaurants.	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful Stay	We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Kutuma. The hospitality was wonderful. The manager was so gracious. The hotel is near all festivals. There is no need for a bus or cab unless you don't like walking. It is minutes away from downtown and located on St. Denis street which is a trendy, old world charm, and a bohemian type of place. The Ethiopian Restaurant in the hotel was wonderful. Try the Combination Platter #2. My only complaint is the taxes for the hotel and Montreal for that matter. Very expensive and this is coming from someone who lives in Chicago where we have the highest sales tax in the US at almost 11%. Must stay.	
Jul 26 2009 	Kutuma is a little jewel in a beautiful city!	WOW. Honestly, wow! My husband and I stayed in Kutuma just last month and we were so very pleased. It's not often that you get to really enjoy what it feels like to be welcomed somewhere ( when traveling) with true care and concern of your well being and enjoyment.Kutuma is a little jewel of a hotel that is located on one of the THE best streets in Montreal ( Rue St. Denis). You have everything you could need at your doorstep - - such a quaint little park next door and the metro two blocks over plus wonderful shops, restaurants and beautiful streets. The best, most outstanding highlights of Kutuma:The Staff: they greet you at the door and carry your bags up to your room, they are very personable and will go to very far extremes to help you with your stay. On leaving the hotel, the owner personally packed our car with our luggage in the pouring rain!The Hotel: Kutuma has a very unique style. Our room was a junior suite - - honestly, it was the most comfortable stay I've ever spent in a hotel. The bed was FANTASTIC! The bathroom ( shower! ) was very unique in style. We had our own little kitchenette and sitting area, as well. The touches that were put in to the room made it a very memorable stay. Also, you could hear no one! The hotel must be built very soundly - - it was like you were in your own little cocoon.Adjoining restaurant: Kutama has it's own restaurant ( The Blue Nile). The Blue Nile was our first dining experience in Montreal and we were not disappointed! It had a very chic atmosphere/ambiance with a cool, elegant style. The food is Ethiopian and it was delicious! The prices were reasonable and the service was impeccable! One more personal note that I'd like to add - - there was an unfortunate event that took place when we stayed in Montreal. Two doors down from Kutuma ( second nite of our stay) there was a fire that destroyed one and a half buildings. We found this fire around 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday nite. Kutuma was not available to us ( roped off by police/fire emergency crew). We were very worried about our well being, the hotel's and our belongings. The nite wore on without any information on what to do and where to stay.Around 11:00 p.m., one of the staff from the hotel saw us in the street and told us to join them at a neighboring restaurant. The owner of the hotel had sent his staff out in to the streets to try to find/locate people that were staying at Kutuma. The owner paid for us to stay in a 5 star hotel for the evening. He, himself, escorted us to the hotel at 12:00 a.m. to make sure the we were safe and sound in our one night stay.WOW. Do I recommend this hotel.................hell yes. : )	
Jul 13 2009 	Hospitality Will Long Be Remembered	Hotel Kutuma....I should not write about this hotel, for I am sure there will be a day when I want to return, and there will be no vacancy. Yet, this best kept secret deserves to be recognized for the quality of excellence, pride in ownership, and warm hospitality the staff extends to its guests. Attention to detail and making guests a priority are what makes this little hotel rise above all others. The rooms are beautiful, unique in design and filled with small touches that make you know you have arrived at a very special place. The rooms are more like beautiful apartments, with leather couches, brick walls, stainless steel kitchenettes, and soaking tubs. I stayed in the smallest unit, and was totally comfortable and impressed with the space and design. I then had the opportunity to see the larger rooms, and was even more amazed by the space and layout. Standards exist in every aspect, beginning with the thoughtfulness and warm hospitality of the owner, Abby. From offering coffee, an umbrella, or assistance with luggage, Abby extends himself with professionalism and kindness. Standards continue with the highest level of cleanliness, safety , and customer care. I had never eaten Ethiopian food, and am so happy I had dinner at the adjoining hotel. The vegetarian combination platter was amazing!. This continued with the complimentary delicious breakfast of fresh fruit, organic eggs, potatoes and vegetables, and freshly brewed ginger tea. If you are lucky, the chef will make his Ethiopian breakfast speciality, and I promise, you will will be crazing this when you return home. This is a special place, at the top of my list of all-time favorite hotels, which I look forward to returning to again and again. I agree with others, I have never stayed at a more wonderful place!	
Jul 10 2009	very very nice	greeted by friendly staff, fast check in, assisted to room and informed of features of room. room was decorated very nice. had plenty of room, bed very comfortable, small kitchenette with refrigerator, microwave and utensils. everything was clean. felt very secure, nice stay. hotel is about 15 minutes from old Montreal. plenty of places to eat within 3 blocks of hotel.	
Jul 2 2009 	A very unique hotel	This hotel is one of the most unique places I've ever stayed, having a fun African theme. The room was exceptionally quiet and clean. My room was located on the 3rd floor and there were no elevators available, which made it tough, because of my bad knees. The location of the hotel was near a subway stop, which made it easy to sightsee and get around. The listing was supposed to be a Bed and Breakfast, but that wasn't true. There was a dining room downstairs, opened for dinner only.	
Jun 14 2009 	The best hotel in Montreal by far!	Hotel Kutuma is absolutely amazing. The location is perfect. It's close to all the great independent shops near Mont Royal and you can easily walk down to St. Catherines or old Montreal. Besides location the hotel itself is beautifully decorated and very modern. The rooms are huge and fully equipped with a kitchenette and living room. The bathroom was gorgeous and the bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on. The room also had a door to a little patio which was covered with plants. The hotel restaurant is also quite nice. It was by far the best Ethiopian I've ever had. The hotel staff are very nice and accommodating. They even gave us two gourmet cakes after dinner compliments of the hotel. I had a great stay at hotel Kutuma and I will definitely stay there the next time I'm in Montreal.	
Mar 19 2009 	Very Nice	Very nice place. Super comfy bed, huge bathroom with a rainfall shower in the middle of the ceiling (which I missed on first glance!). Lots of stairs but it was good to work off all the food! The only thing I didn't like was the TV...everytime you changed the channel you had to unlock the volume control and you also had to turn on the satelite function if you stayed on on channel for too long....very irritating after awhile. Some mentioned that this is a B&amp;B...it IS NOT a B&amp;B...fyi. I would definetly stay here again!	
Mar 9 2009 	Great value for money	This hotel is a perfect find. I used to live in Montreal and didn't want to stay in the &quot;tourist&quot; area. This hotel is in the best neighbourhood in Montreal, close to a subway station, restaurants, cafes, and shopping. The tourist sites are also close by. The rooms themselves are amazing. The bathroom gave me great ideas for future renovations! All details are taken care of, including having candles by the bathtub (which would easily fit 2), in case there is time for a relaxing bubble bath. The rooms have a mini-kitchen, too, complete with glassware and fine china! I would have loved to stay longer than one night.Another poster mentioned a smell in the front entrance. You can smell the aroma of the Ethiopian restaurant, but it isn't unpleasant. And you certainly don't smell anything in the rooms themselves.	
Dec 29 2008 	Big room and great service	The rooms at this place are very large with huge bathrooms. There was a full kitchen, cable tv and powerful AC. The rooms were decked out in a safari theme with leopard and zebra prints everywhere. My guess is that it carries the theme of the Ethiopian restaurant downstairs. Everything was clean and well kept in and outside the rooms.In the heart of the Plateau, the location is good in relation to the metro and within easy walking distance of Parc LaFontaine and Mont Royal.The service was also commendable. We required a very early taxi to make our flight, and there was someone there to help with bags at 4 am. With two flights of stairs to navigate at that hour, the help was much appreciated.	
Nov 17 2008	Awesome Hotel	Staying at this hotel was an awesome experience. Service was exceptional. The hotel itself is very clean, authentic decor and the staff very accommodating. We needed to use the internet due to unexpected events during our stay in Montreal and staff were understanding and helpful. It was all the little things that made the difference, which you would never experience in a large chain hotel.I would definitely stay at this hotel again and absolutely recommend this place. It is very conveniently located and within walking distance to all attractions.Sab and Nicky	
Nov 8 2008 	What a place!	We are aussies on an US and Canada trip. Arrived in the evening and were promptly checked in and pleasantly surprised with the delivery of 2 complimentary drinks to our room shortly after receiving our luggage. Room was spotless and has everything you would need, including real cups wine and beer glasses, 2 burner cooktop, microwave, toaster, coffee perculator hair dryer and iron with board. Free wireless internet which is slow on the top floor but soon sorted it by plugging it in to the ethernet connection conveniently located under the desk. Free bottled water and laundry service!Nice soft bed and great pillows! Not the rubberised ones normally found in hotels. Great location, 5 minutes walk to the Metro which will get you anywhere in Montreal. Tried the Ethiopian restaurant downstairs. Great freindly service, food delicious and enjoyed complimentary desserts. Treated as part of the family. Lots of other restaurants in the area that are also well patronised. About a $15 including tip trip by taxi from Central Station (Amtrak from New York). Dont procrastinate, just book it!	
Nov 1 2008 	A must stay - original luxurious unforgettable experience	Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor we booked two nights at Kutuma and can only say: this is value for money and an unforgettable way to experience Montreal!We had a spacious room with tiger print sheets, sofa and shower curtain and a straw &quot;hat&quot; on the wardrobe closet. Definitely different from &quot;normal&quot; hotels, but very tasteful and consistently decorated.Our room had a fully equipped kitchenette (fridge, microwave, coffee machine, hot plates and kettle), a safe, a breakfast table set for two and a cozy bathroom (with a tub for two and candles(!) as well as toothpaste and toothbrushes in case you forgot).On our second night we had dinner in the (Ethiopian) restaurant on the ground floor and had a pleasant surprise: complementary desert.The hotel is conveniently located between university and downtown Montreal - both within walking distance - and there are plenty shops and restaurants in the direct neighbourhood.When we checked out the mineral water in the fridge turned out to be complementary as well. We left in rather rainy weather and once again: we were given an umbrella to keep, &quot;on the house&quot;.These hosts understand what makes a guest feel good, even in bad weather!	
Oct 22 2008 	It kinda smells a little	The hotel itself is beautiful, a little cute boutique hotel, but it smelled a little funny. The rooms are immaculate; ours came equipped with a little cute kitchen and bathroom. The décor is modern and at the same time a little ethnic. We stayed one night because our chosen hotel was full that day. Took a red eye out of SF and therefore got to Montreal very early in the morning. We knew we couldn't check in yet, the front desk person was nice enough to allow us the use of the restaurant bathroom to change and freshen up a bit before we hit the sights and they took care of our luggage too.The Ethiopian restaurant on site was supposed to be the best in town but with all the French food to be had we didn't get to try it. And maybe that's way the hallways and stairways leading up to the rooms’ kind of smell. But the room was gorgeous and definitely didn't smell.	
Oct 19 2008 	Love it	The hotel is awesome, beautiful, cozy, and has a very good service. I was a little afraid because I could not found enough reviews to make my decision but I took my risk and it was worth it. Also this hotel is in the middle of downtown so every thing is near to the Hotel. I really have a very pleasant stay in this hotel and I really recommended to anyone. The only constraint is that hotel lacks elevator for the four floors that have.	
Sep 7 2008 	great hotel	Fantastic stay at this hotel. The location is great, on the busy Rue St Denis (though the rooms are surprisingly quiet). The rooms are decorated in an african theme, and are really well equipped. We were upgraded into a suite with a fabulous bathroom (whirlpool bath for two) and small kitchen.The staff were helpful and very polite. The restaurant downstairs is excellent. The only minor problem we had was regarding breakfast. There is no info on it in the hotel information booklet in your room, so we asked at reception what time it was served, and were told half eight til half ten. We were then told we could have it delivered to our room if we wished, but we declined, and said we'd just come down, assuming it would be served in the restaurant. Following morning we came down and a different member of staff was at reception - we were told breakfast was only served in the rooms and had to be reserved the night before. This really hadn't been communicated to us the previous evening so we were a little put out. However, about ten mins later there was a phonecall to our room, and they had prepared us a continental breakfast which arrived soon after. Overall the room quality and service more than made up for this misunderstanding, but perhaps the management should put info about breakfast in the rooms, or make sure that guests are told about it at check-in.Would definately stay here again and would recommend to a friend.	
Jun 23 2008 	GEM	SPOTLESS, helpful staff, wonderful Ethiopian restaurant downstairs. The bathroom was FAB.U.LOUS. The bed was super comfortable and it's in a fab location. I loved this little jewel of a B&amp;B. Worth every nickle. We booked it last minute just for a little getaway and I would return again without hesitation. It's wonderful!	
Apr 27 2008	LOVED LOVED this little find	CUTE little hotel with lovely decor, recess lights and wall heaters all around room. It's a deadly cozy full comp little studio with a kitchenette which includes a microwave, fridge, plates and cutlery, kettle and extremly kind and sweet staff. It was my hubby's b'day and they ensured chocos and champagne was waiting for him upon arrival. Lydia was ever so helpful with pointers on where to go. I believe there are only a few rooms (nine) but the touch is so so personal. Full lenght mirrors with makeup zoom mirror in the bathroom (u would be amazed how many chains lack full lenght/head to toe mirrors). Iron/ironing board, cable, disposable tooth brushes, lotion and shampo and a tasty Kutuma brand of coffee which I already miss :(There is a balcony. View is nothing to write home about but it's just a nice to sit out there. I hope my review and pictures helps anyone thinking of booking a room here. The price, location and service surpasses most 5 star hotels. You won't be disappointed. Kutuma is on St Denis Street (Rue St Denis) a block away from the Sherbrooke metro on the orange line and very, very close to all the action including walking distance to Old town and downtown.	
Apr 15 2008 	It was a good experience	After reading all the reviews on the tripadvisor (thanks for all your advice and opinions), we decided to give it a try--We loved our room-- it was very cozy and we felt like we were in our own small studio! To update any previous reviews, the bathrooms now have a proper showerhead, so taking a shower was no problem at all!The service was great-- very friendly and genuine people-- even gave us a big umbrella as a souvenir, which they provide at the hotel entrance for the convenience of the guests.I did hear that the restuarant downstairs is great but did not have enough time to go try it-- so many good restaurants in this city~	
Feb 21 2008 	Top Notch Service	Just returned from a great weekend stay at Hotel Kutuma. The hotel is in a great location - close to restaurants, shopping and night life. Our room was very comfortable and nicely furnished as was the entire hotel. Even though it is a small establishment (9 guest rooms) we felt completely safe and secure. The highlight of the hotel is definitely the staff - we found them to be always pleasant and willing to offer assistance. They really went the extra mile. The hotel lobby is currently under construction but it in no way impacted our experience. My only regret is that I didn't get to try the hotel restaurant but I will definitely make that a priority next time I visit.	
Dec 8 2007 	LOVED Kutuma despite water and itnernet probs.	Was sick of staying in boring big chains for my Montreal business trips and Kutuma got great reviews on Trip Advisor. It lived up to my expectations. I can't believe how nice everything was for the price. - Great location on St. Denis. - The African theme is fun and well-executed. - The hotel upgraded my room upon arrival so I ended up with a gorgeous junior suite with balcony for my $115/night. Incredible deal. - The bed rivals the Westin's dream bed, soft music is playing when you arrive in your room.- there was a complimentary disposable toothbrush for each night of my stay in addition to the regular creams and shampoos, etc. I've forgotten my toothbrush tons of times when traveling so I thought that was cool.- Complimentary big bottle of Kutuma-brand bottled water.- There was a funky kitchenette not only in my jr. suite but also in my colleague's standard queen room. - The staff was really helpful and friendly. - The dinner downstairs at the Nil Bleu was really good. -Complimentary desert was a nice touch. - There's no elevator but there are only 4 floors so no big deal for me.I'm giving this hotel a 5 despite the 2 issues below because frankly I really enjoyed myself and the value was amazing.- I couldn't get an internet connection (the wireless is free, which is great, but I couldn't get a connection and asked for a cable to plug into the connection directly, they gave me one and hooked up my computer for me but that didn't work either - i gave up and didn't bother asking again)- There is no shower (i don't see why they don't just add a hook up on to the wall since there is a hand held shower) and because everyone is taking giant baths in the soaker tubs instead, there was no water at all on our first morning and no hot water on the second. Also, my plug didn't work (I didn't complain though so don't know if it would have been fixed or if I would have been offered a new room) From a convenience and an environmental standpoint (think of all the extra water massive tubs take to fill vs. a quick shower) this sucked.	
Dec 7 2007 	Do yourself a favour - stay at Hotel Kutuma	I stayed at the Hotel Kutuma in December and have to say that I was blown away. Location: It is wonderfully located on St Denis, which as others have said, include great restaurants and some shops/bars. It is a 5 minute walk (even shorter when it's not snowing) to Sherbrooke Metro station. It has a convenience store about 2 stores down, which sells your basics, including alcohol and phone cards if you need to call long distance. Local calls at the Hotel Kutuma are free.Service: From check in to check out, the service was just overwhelming. This small hotel puts the larger chains to shame. I arrived by taxi on the opposite side of the road. It was snowing heavily, but the hotel staff ran across the road (past the mounds of snow) to get my suitcase. They offered me a coffee straight away, and the check in process was over in 5 minutes. They had upgraded me as well, which was a nice surprise (Room 203 I got in the end).Room: Well what can I say, it was superb. The room had light dimmers, which was on when I went into the room. They had also put on some jazz music before I arrived, which was a great touch. The African theme worked very well, and everything was tastefully decorated. ALL ROOMS have been recently renovated to include high tech showers (though water pressure was a bit of a problem), so you don't have to worry about it not having a shower - believe me, you want to see this shower! Flat screen tv, awesome bed, comfy couch, well equipped kitchenette, and cable tv are just a few of the benefits. Amenities: All the usual bathroom products, plus free wi-fi. What more could you ask for?Restaurant: It was quite simply the BEST food I have had for a long time. I have never had Ethiopian food before but seriously, you need to try it.Conclusion: The only bad thing I'll say about it is that it doesn't have a lift (which isn't a problem because they carry your suitcase up for you), and the water pressure was a bit low. But for the price (amazing value), location and general ambiance, you CANNOT GO WRONG.	
Nov 30 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	The Kutuma hotel was everything it was said to be. A lovely place and the service was fantastic. All the people at the hotel went the extra mile to make our stay special. We were in Montreal to attend the President's Cup. The Hotel is located in a super spot with tons of restaurants. The Blue Nile restaurant in the hotel is really good and was one of the best meals of our trip. Some reviews complained about the lack of shower but our room had a bath and shower.I would certainly stay in this hotel again if I were to go back to Montreal. It was spotless and actually looks like the photos on the website. The friendly atmosphere and willingess to help of all the staff was appreciated!	
Oct 29 2007 	Pefect hotel in an amazing location	My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a large suite, which was the nicest room I have ever stayed in. Comfortable bed, relaxing tub and tons of space. We had toremind ourselves to leave the room and experience the city. The Metrostation was only 1 1/2 blocks away and St-Denis had lots of great restaurants and stores, plus we were a stones throw away from St-Louis Square and the pedestrian walkway that leads to St-Laurent. I can't wait to go back.	
Oct 25 2007 	Loved Hotel Kutuma!!!	My boyfriend and I loved this place we stayed for 4 days in the second week of September. The room was great, the hotel owners/staff were amazing, and it's a great location. The room was large and clean and the bathroom was roomy and spotless. The food in the restaurant was outstanding and we received a delicious complimentary dessert after our dinner.  I would highly reccommend this place to anyone going to montreal looking to truly experience the city off the tourist track. The only &quot;snag&quot; we had were some loud rude guests in the next room for 2 nights-totally not the hotel's fault and it didn't ruin our stay at all.	
Oct 12 2007 	Top of our list!	This hotel is at the top of our list. We don't like chain hotels or frilly bed and breakfasts and there are few good choices that don't fall into those categories...Kutuma stands on its own.We had similar experiences as the other reviewers. The hotel is family-owned and they were so nice to us. We had bikes with us and Abbi insisted on taking our bikes into the basement every night, after their restaurant closed. When we ate at the restaurant, he gave us free desserts. Overall, we just felt so comfortable there.The room was perfect and so relaxing. Great kitchen, and side door that opens for fresh air...We always felt great coming back to it after a full day out. Just ignore the reviewer who gave the hotel only 3 points, everyone loves this place!We stayed in Old Montreal for the 2nd part of our visit, but I prefer Kutuma's location. Old Montreal is too touristy.Staying here will make you feel like you are not your average tourist.	
Oct 8 2007 	A Gem!!	The Hotel Kutuma is a real gem of a hotel. The theme of the hotel is Africa and they do a super job with the decor. The carpets are in animal print designs as are the bed coverings and artwork. The bathroom was luxurious to say the least with a double whirlpool bath complete with a few scented candles on the side to help you enjoy the experience. Our room had an electric fireplace as well as a kitchen.The staff was helpful and offered good tips about where to eat and catch the metro. The hotel is situated in an area rife with restaurants. There is a park close by . I would say this place is perfect except for the fact that it does not have an elevator. The staff was great and carried our bags for us but the long trudge up and down the flights of stairs was not easy for someone with a bit of a mobility issue.	
Sep 18 2007 	Really loved this hotel	Really original hotel with African theme. Lovely suite, beautifully decorated and perfectly clean. The rooms was enormous, as was the bathroom. The kitchen is fully equipped and really modern. There was also a great terrace.Free fast internet and free laundry service.Great staff.	
Aug 28 2007 	Superb boutique hotel	The Kutuma is an African themed boutique hotel in the heart of Montreal. It is a true boutique hotel, as it only has 9 rooms on 3 floors. Dave and I stayed here for 6 days on our honeymoon. When we called to reserve a few months ahead of time, they told us they would upgrade us if there was anything available. When we got there, they had upgraded us from a junior suite to the deluxe penthouse suite. Every part of our room was gorgeous, from the elephant table in the kitchen to the huge jacuzzi tub. The bed was huge, and was the most comfortable bed I have slept on in my life. I have a lot of trouble getting a good, full night's sleep, and I had no problem during our stay. The decor throughout the hotel follows the African theme, with tan and brown colors, tasteful paintings of wildlife and people, and elegant animal print touches throughout. The only negative is that there is no elevator in the hotel, so it may be difficult for people with limited mobility	
Jul 19 2007 	Where's the shower?	This hotel was in a central location. The room was clean but had a strong smell of cleaning products. And how we missed our bathroom ....we are not sure? Too excited to explore Montreal I think.... but when we went to take a shower there was none. All there was on offer was a bath with a nozzel on a short hose. We were only in the hotel for one night and I opted to check in early to the next hotel and use the shower there.	
Jul 12 2007 	what a great find	thanks to fellow trip advisors we booked in at the Kutuma and what a great place it was. Its location is prime as you can walk straight from the hotel a variety of great places. Centre of town is a pleasant walk or metro trip away. The staff were really helpful and could not have done enough or us during our stay. a great boutique location !!	
Jul 4 2007 	Couldn't be happier!	I booked this hotel because the pictures online looked fairly decent for the price and they had an ethiopian restaraunt on the first floor. (which we had never tried) Me and my new wife spent two nights of our honeymoon here and were extatic with our experience. The room was much more than I had expected. The linens were great the room had a kitchen and the bathroom was really really nice. Also every single light in the place had a dim switch on it. The first person we met when we checked in was Abbi. He insisted on helping us with our bags, parked our car for us and offered us something to drink. We modestly said water would be nice, but maybe two minutes later he showed up at our door with mango/papaya/coconut drinks. It was amazing! Abbi was so friendly and eager to help and it seemed like he was working every morning and night that were there. I would definately recomend this place and have to family and friends. Also give the restaraunt a shot, it's very unique and really quite good.	
Apr 29 2007 	Loved Kutuma	We stayed there from Apr.21-23 and we loved it. The Kutuma is a boutique hotel and it's decorated beautifully. We stayed in a room with a queen bed, small kitchette, and a bathroom with a big bathtub. There was no shower but the tube had a hand held extension. The front desk usually has one person that runs back and forth from the resturant. Everyone was so nice and tried to help us out in anyway possible. The resturant there was an etiopian style resturant. My husband and I have never had etiopian before but we loved it...it was really good and reasonably priced. Great location. In the middle of shopping/stores on St. Denis. Close to St.Catherines and a bit of a walk to Old Montreal but not too bad...maybe 10-15 min. walk. The manager at the hotel was really nice and always making sure we were ok....would definitely go back!	
Apr 11 2007 	Perfect little getaway in a great part of Montreal!	Even in the dreary cold middle of winter, Montreal is a great city to visit, and I'm already planning a return trip for the summer -- with the Kutuma as my likely base of operations. Especially in the off-season, when it is barely over 100USD/night for a standard room, this hotel was a great value. It's definitely a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in the truest sense of the word -- it's a very small operation, often with only one person manning the (very tiny) front desk. It's probably not the ideal place for travelers who put a lot of demands on hotel staff (or have an aversion to stairs -- there's no elevator).But if you're looking for a quiet, elegant, clean, and extremely convenient place to spend your nights in the city, you could scarecely do better. The halls and stairway are nicely appointed, and the room (i got the basic queen) was HUGE. In addition to the wonderfully appointed bed (especially loved the faux fur throw), the main area is set up like a studio apartment, complete with a dining area set for two (very nice settings, by the way), a huge wardrobe, and a full kitchenette with sink, stovetop, toaster, and mini-fridge. The room I had was lacking in all but a couple tiny windows facing the back -- perhaps I would have minded in spring, but I didn't even notice it during my stay.The bathroom sometimes felt a little bit too trendy for its own good functioning, but had one huge plus for it -- a giant, deep, two-person soaking tub. The faucet and showerhead could have used some higher pressure (and really, the showerhead and lack of curtain/shower area made it inadequate for showering), but oh... once i got the tub filled, the candles lit, it was like a little spa. I originally planned on going out dancing on my second night there, but instead wound up going to the best sleep I had in weeks after ordering some excellent ethiopian food from the restaurant downstairs, chocolate cake, followed by a long soak in the tub while finishing a bottle of wine!I never had any problems with noise, and the staff was eager to help when needed (though I didn't have much in the way of requests other than the meal, and figuring out how to use the climate control). The hotel is located about halfway up the Rue St Denis, which is a major strip of restaurants, stores, and boutiques, and makes for a nice stroll to any of the adjoining neighborhoods. Metro access is fairly close, though travelers with a poor sense of direction might get turned around the first time or two.Over all, an excellent stay, no major problems, and for the price, I can't imagine anything better!	
Mar 31 2007 	One of the Best Hotels Ever!	After staying two nights at Hotel Kutuma, I rate it as the #2 hotel in the entire world (in my experience). The staff was friendly and extremely accommodating. The rooms are beautifully decorated in African decor, with a dining area and kitchenette. The bathrooms are also nice. The room we stayed in was a regular room, and it had a large jacuzzi-style tub (no jets) in the corner. All lights had dimmer switches, which added to the atmosphere. The BEST part was the restaurant, Le Nil Bleu, which is connected to the hotel. They serve some of the best Ethiopian food I've ever had. It was so good, we ate there both nights, and both nights we were given a complimentary dessert. You can also get this food brought to your room with room service. I highly recommend it. It's a short walk from the metro (Sherbrooke station).	
Feb 16 2007 	Lovely little hotel	What a great find! We go to Montréal regularly and have stayed at many different hotels, but we will definitely be going back to Kutuma. Lovely room, quiet, comfortable bed, huge bathtub, and Ethiopian food right downstairs! How can you beat that? We didn't make much use of the kitchenette this trip, but we'll plan for it next time. The neighborhood is fantastic: the Métro is right there, and there are all kinds of restaurants and shops around. And they do very reasonable valet parking, too.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great Place to stay	This was a terrific hotel to stay at. Quite convenient to the Metro &amp; Latin Quarter. We had room #3 which looks just like the photo that you see. It has everything you could want in a boutique hotel. We had a small living area with flat panel TV, breakfast bar with all utensils that you need, refrigerator, corkscrews, the tiled bathroom with jacuzzi, candles, etc. My wife loved the entire stay since it rained the entire three days we were there. We also enjoyed the Blue Nile restaurant that is below the hotel. Beautifully done! You won't regret staying here!	
Nov 10 2006 	Great Place	We were there just this past weekend and I have to say I don't regret staying here. It is at a great location on Rue St. Denis where you can go shopping and Rue Saint Laurent for more shopping or at night go dancing or for drinks. The metro is 2 blocks away so it's easy to get downtown in just mins. The room was very clean and a great African design.I would totally stay here again.	
Oct 30 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	My husband and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hotel Kutuma. The location was perfect - easy access to the Metro as well as within walking distance to key locations (Quartier Latin, Downtown, etc.). The staff was wonderful - very polite and helpful. We stayed in a King room. The room was tastefully decorated with an african theme - very cozy. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! It was like sinking into a cloud! The bathroom was beautiful, but in our room there was no shower - just a large soaking tub with a hand shower. I did find it charming to see my husband in this huge tub navigating the hand shower. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Kutuma. We definitely recommend it to other couples who are enjoying a romantic holiday in Montreal.	
Jul 29 2006	A Great Place to Stay	The Hotel Kutuma is well situated on St Denis Street with lots of restaurants, shops &amp; galleries close by. The selection of types of food available is quite amazing. Within walking distance to the Old City &amp; port as well as downtown Montreal.Our room was clean &amp; comfortable with a bit of an African theme (leopard print sheets, rattan furniture, etc) to it.We enjoyed our stay &amp; will return when we are back in Montreal.The Truemans Oshawa, Ontario	
Jul 3 2006	Greatest Hotel Ever	We stayed 4 nights at the Hotel Katuma in June 2006 over the Formula 1 Race weekend. The room was great...very spacious, including a whirlpool tub, kitchen, living area, and king size bed. The staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. They made us feel very welcome and took care of all of our needs. We tried the restaurant for both breakfast and dinner (room service) and the food and service was outstanding. Danny at the front desk was very freindly and helpful. He even went out of his way to show us a few other rooms within the hotel, which were also excellent. We can't wait to stay here again.Great location, great room, great family owned hotel, great price!	
