Sep 18 2009 	Not so far off the beaten path	My husband &amp; I stayed at Ruby Foo's while visiting relatives in Montreal. It is off a major highway, not located downtown or in Old Montreal, but it is a very short walk to a metro stop. We were in one of the renovated rooms and found it roomy and very comfortable. My husband, who lived in Montreal until very recently, was very impressed with Ruby Foo's. One could pay much more for a similar hotel room nearer to the tourist attractions. If you're not timid about using the metro, Ruby Foo's can provide very comfortable accommodations at a very good price.	
Jul 1 2009 	As long as you get a newly renovated room....	The newly remodeled king superior rooms in the hotel's 4 storey wing are large and well furnished. Comfortable bed, roomy bathroom, nice touches throughout.Large new lobby and very friendly and helpful front desk.Prices seemed reasonable with free parking and convenient location beside the Decarie Expressway.Most people staying here are on business in the area or visting friends and family in the nearby residential areas of Hampstead, Cote St-Luc or Snowdon. There are very few choices on this side of town.The Metro is very close if you don't want to drive downtown, and a few restaurants and fast food nearby. Across the street of course is that famous orange ball, Gibeau's Orange Julep, worthy of a pilgrimage for those who like to recall life in the 50's. Still great hot dogs , fries and Orange Julep. Great fun at night with the hot cars, motorcycles, etc.Worth the 5 minute drive down Decarie and north of Queen Mary Rd is the venerable and excellent Snowdon Deli. Save yourself the drive down to Schwartz's on Boul St-Laurent, unless you've never been to Schwartz's, in which case you have to go, line up outside, and experience it for yourself.If you're in the mood for some fancy shopping without going downtown, Ruby Foos is only about 10-15 minutes away from Rockland Shopping Centre. Get directions at the concierge. All the high end stores.	
May 27 2009 	Great location for west Montreal	We drove to Ruby Foos in less than 15 minutes in our rental car from Montreal airport. Parking is free and plentiful. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Our room on a non smoking floor in the remodelled section was large and nicely decorated. It included flat screen TV, fridge, ironing board and iron and computer connections.I didn't have a computer but there are a couple in the lobby which I used to surf the internet and print out boarding passes.We had a couple of nice breakfasts in the restaurant but there are also Tim Hortons, McDonalds and others within 2 blocks. It is also close to a Metro stop if you want to avoid taking the car downtown.Our daughter stayed in the cheaper and older section. Her room was OK but the hallways and elevator need refreshing.As most of our Montreal activities were on the west side of the Island the location was terrific.	
Apr 22 2009 	You won't do better	I am there every month on business, with free parking &amp; internet fully renovated rooms you can not do better for the price. If the weather is bad it is beside the metro so getting around is easy. The restaurants are good not great. But if you like Indian food the best in the city is at a litte family place around the corner.	
Mar 6 2009	Ruby Foo is A-OK	Went to Ruby Foo's on a group bus tour so it was an overnighter. Found the room to be clean and well maintained. The beds were comfortable. It is not too far out of the main swing of things in downtown Montreal and the staff were really helpful in providing us with directions and feedback on spots we should go to. Overall it was a short but pleasant stay. Loved the Asian inspired decor as which gave it a different spin. Can't commnent on the food as I did not eat at the hotel but they do appear to have a full service restaurant attached. It was good value for the money we paid for the trip.	
Nov 14 2008 	Stay away from the "standard rooms"	I stayed at this hotel to attend a meeting. I can't talk much about the location as we drove in pretty late from Toronto and I was in the back seat so have no clue what the proximity is to downtown.There were a few restaurants in the area, including you usual fast food choice of McDonalds and Burger King and I noticed a metro station just a 1/2 block away. The outside of the hotel itself looked like you typical hotel/motel off the highway. A short 3 or 4 level building. We had booked a standard &quot;non smoking room&quot;. When were on the 3rd floor via a tiny elevator at took forever to get to - located on one end of the bulding furthest away from the lobby. The elevator was tiny and could fit 4-5 people with luggage at best. Turns out the one within a few feet of the lobby was a much nicer elevator - larger and newer, which of course led to the more expensive rooms. When we entered the room we were hit with the stench of smoke. I checked another 2 rooms that my co-workers were in to see if it were any better... not only was it not better, there was an ashtray and matches on the coffee table in one of the rooms. I went to the front desk and asked for another room. First off, I was told that I was indeed in a smoking room. But when I confronted the clerk and said that my next door neighbour's room had an ashtray and matches, the agent seemed almost embarrassed and didn't have anything further to say, except perhaps housekeeping made a mistake putting it in the room. I was told that the hotel was &quot;sold out&quot; for the night at that there were no rooms available. I went back to the room and fumed about it (sorry for the pun) but after a few minutes of trying to air it out by turning on the air conditioning to full blast, made another attempt at the front desk. The second person I spoke with at the front desk was more apologetic but still said there wasn't anywhere he could move me to for the night. I said that from where I come from (Vancouver) all the good hotels would put up guests in another hotel if they were not able to provide what they promised. Secondly I also asked how many rooms they had and asked to confirm that all categories of rooms are sold out. (Coming from the industry, I am always hesitant to believe that hotels sell out.) To which he admitted that the standard room categories were sold out but they had superior rooms and that I'd have to pay more for these rooms. He mentioned that this happens all the time (which can't be a good sign). He asked my if I were allergic to smoke etc. At this time, I was pretty annoyed... I personally am not allergic to smoke but since I don't smoke and have a legal right to get a non smoking room, don't see why my so called non smoking room smells of smoke and that they felt that I had to pay more to get a non smoking one. It's almost like getting penalized for not being a smoker.To make a really really long story short... I did get another room, though they made me felt like they were doing me a favour by upgrading me to a deluxe room. Though the new room was nicer, I would have been fine sleeping in the standard room had it not smelled of smoke.If I happen to stay here again, knowing what I know, I would personally opt to pay for the difference in the room just to get a nicer room. BUT I still find that their pictures on the website of the standard rooms are a bit misleading (must have been taken many years ago) and that the service is questionable given the time and extremes I had to go to get a room that doesn't smell of smoke.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not as pictured = (	We booked a regular room with a Queen-size bed, on the non-smoking floor. The hotel has a very nice lobby, friendly service, free parking, but the room looks NOTHING like any of the pictures where the rooms look contemporary / asian fusion. The ones pictured are probably the higher-end rooms, and the pictures are QUITE deceiving. The room smelled a little smoky, the bed was SMALLER than a current standard Queen-sized bed. When I inquired to make sure they had given us the right room, they told us that the bed is older, and more modern Queen-sized beds are being built larger (in this case, they should have definitely advertised this room as having a double bed, because it is smaller). I liked the convenience of having a small fridge in the room, but I did not like the fact that there was no cold water running from the bathroom tap. I had to brush my teeth with hot water...	
Sep 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	I've stayed at this place a few times and they recently renovated. It looks like a completely different hotel! The lobby is upgraded to a modern look. The rooms have been renovated as well. Flat screen TV, new carpets, linens etc. The best feature..... the sliding wall that covers the window, you get complete black out to sleep at night!The gym has all the amenities and they have a heated outdoor pool.The restaurant is new, its a sushi bar and looks fantastic.Free parking, walking distance to restaurants and shops.It's close enough to the city without being in the middle of downtown.I will definitely stay there again!	
Sep 11 2008 	Renovations are superb!	I’ve stayed here about 10 times over the past 10 years. It was getting really run-down until recently when they made renovations. I just stayed here September 6th and was pleasantly surprised with the renovated lobby and rooms. I don’t think all the rooms are renovated but definitely request to stay in one. It kind of reminded me of a small Vegas hotel room. Very nice asian inspired décor. One thing I loved was the “curtains”. Instead of curtains there is a sliding wall which perfectly blocks out the sun if you want to sleep in. Also, if you aren’t staying downtown this is a perfect location. 2 minute walk to the metro. I ate lunch café DLux which was very good. However, I attended a private party in the same restaurant that evening for 80 people and the food served was not too good. Dry chicken and very fishy salmon.	
Jun 18 2008 	Good value	I have been staying at Ruby Foo's for many years. I am an ex-Montrealer living in Ottawa, and I literally have lost count the number of times I've stayed at the property. The hotel is clean, modern, and recently renovated. It is very conveniently situated in mid-town, about 15 minutes from downtown (not in rush hour). There are excellent restaurants nearby. Parking is free and plentiful. On the other hand, it is NOT downtown and is not close to any tourist sights. That said, my trips to Montreal are to visit family who live in the immediate area. I hardly ever go downtown. If the prime purpose of your trip to Montreal is to sightseeing, it is inconveniently located. You would be much better downtown.	
Jun 3 2008	A Winner!	I must say that after reading some of the reviews before the renovation I was reluctant to book at this hotel. Because of the great location-and free parking - I took a chance and reserved a room anyway. What a great decision! First impression: the lobby is remarkable. Check-in was efficient and fast. My beautifully renovated room was impeccable (and I’m very picky). Staff is courteous and really helpful. And the recently opened new restaurant was great – a fitting re-launch of Montreal’s famous Ruby Foo’s restaurant.	
May 18 2008 	Great boutique hotel - vastly underrated	I booked a stay at Ruby Foo's entirely for the convenience: it's on Decarie, just a few blocks from Hwy 40, so it's perfect if you need to get around Montreal quickly or get out of town.But I ended up being extremely impressed by the hotel itself. It's just finishing up a top-to-bottom renovation, and the rooms and facilities are uniformly excellent. My room had an super-comfortable king-size bed, a spotless, good sized bathroom, a large flat-screen TV, excellent lighting, and a comfortable work space. The rooms were clearly intelligently designed: even the light switches are in all the right places.The lobby is clean and spacious, there is lots of free parking (though it is outdoors), and the staff are uniformly friendly and helpful.There are a few touches that would put Ruby Foo's over the top: a phone by the bed would be nice, and I'm told wireless internet is coming soon. For now, an Ethernet cable is provided. It worked well for me, but I prefer to be able to choose where I work on my laptop.Finally, the only sign of amateurish service was over breakfast. The waitstaff appeared to be poorly trained, slow, and a bit clueless. Some days it took ten minutes for them to take our order, refills were inconsistent, and the one time my colleague wanted to send something back, the waiter picked an argument with him.Overall, though, our stay at Ruby Foo's was exceptional, and I would gladly come back.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great place to stay!	Ruby Foo's is highly underrated. Although the hotel is undergoing a massive renovation, which will be done in 6 months, according to certain staff members, it did not affect my stay in the least. The room I stayed in, on the 4th floor of the main hotel was one of the new deluxe rooms. Everything was as advertised, it was very comfortable and tastefully appointed. Very zen. The housekeeper that took care of this area was extremely good at her job, and very helpful. I ordered room service twice for breakfast and once for a late dinner from La Tulipe Noire, the food was very good and the graciousness and promptness of service was well above the norm. Once the renovations are complete, Ruby Foo's will be a hotel to reckon with. I've been coming to Montreal since the late 1950's. I usually stay with family or downtown. Now, however, if I can't stay with family, I will stay at Ruby Foo's. I highly recommend this hotel for it's convenience to Downtown(15mins.) and the Airport(15mins.), it's affordability (paid 159.00US per night) and comfort.HN New Jersey, USA	
Aug 24 2007	Our group stayed at Ruby Foos Group rate was done by Hotel Wars.ca	We booked our group with Hotel Wars, which was not listed as an option on this site. The company got us 20 bids and we choose ruby foos. The hotel was really close to our MTL office and it is four stars. The service was fine and the food was worth the price. The thing is because we didnt book with Expedia hotels.ca or orbitz, we did not have to pay commission. Hotels are forced to keep the rate high when their is a third party. Hotel Wars.ca does not take commissions. The price was really good. And the hotel was a perfect 5/5. I will go back and refer Ruby Foos to any and all.	
Jul 2 2007 	Amazing Staff	We overnighted at this hotel enroute to a wedding. We found the staff to be amazing. They were extremely helpful, spending a considerable amount of time locating directions to a wedding ceremony and reception. The room was clean and it worked for our purposes.	
Apr 2 2007 	Oh Hell No	Okay. Would I return here. No thanks. This hotel looks all that but once you get in, no free breakfast, they charge extra for everything. In the end, my dad nearly flipped out on the front desk guy. The bill was closer to $200 smackers and that was one night stay in Montreal. We are going to try another hotel should we be back in town for another netball game. I mean, no loyalty points and anyways. I could go on for hours. They do have nice childrens furniture. Too bad they are supposed to be regular sizes. Not kidding. They have kids stuff doubling as regular sized stuff.	
Mar 27 2007	nice very accomodating	The staff at this Hotel confused my reservation it took me about 25 minutes to get check inI was given a room that was hot and smelly, the furniture was quite ancient lookingafter that I checked out of that hotel. when i asked for a refund they just looked at me in disgracethere i was searching for a place to stay, in a city i didn't know.I found the Quality Midtown. the staff and amenities were quite nice.	
Feb 9 2007 	Ruby Blues - Can't Recommend	I left my booking for my last trip to Montreal up to a business partner who followed the advice of a local company which had a corporate rate at Ruby Foo's. I was rather optimistic about my stay here because Montreal has a fine reputation for smaller less well known hotels offering high levels of comfort and service. I was under the impression that the Ruby would fall into the boutique hotel mold; however, I was sorely mistaken. The hotel is quite simply an average 2*. The rooms were outdated, the beds were uncomfortable and the service was unfriendly.The area has an industrial feel to it and is unsuitable for nightly walks or shopping. We did try the Sushi restaurant one evening and found that the food and service lived up to the general quality level of the hotel, which was not great.The one upside is that the hotel has a great breakfast restaurant and the service was quite good. My food in the morning almost made me forget about my sub par room experience the evening prior.The only reason to stay here is if you are doing business at a local company and require a hotel that is close for an early morning meeting. Otherwise, I would suggest another option, especially if you have good taste and appreciate 3* hotels that live up to their ratings (Marriott).	
Nov 24 2006 	3 Star Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for one night as we were attending a family function just down the road at “The Living Room” (a great place for a wedding).The service at check-in was excellent. We were greeted in English and made to feel at home. The location was perfect for us because it is right off Highway 15 and close to the function we were attending. There is also a Metro station within walking distance. We received a group rate of $99CDN which I thought was very reasonable for a big city with free parking and free internet access.The hotel itself feels like it is stuck in the sixties. It is very dated and worn. The rooms are typical hotel rooms with the beds, a TV, a work desk and a regular size bathroom. Again the décor is dated, but it was clean and beds were comfortable. The downside with the beds was that they a full size not queens. We needed an extra fold-up cot to accommodate our family of 4 (two adults and two teenagers).There was an outdoor pool (obviously closed in November) and a small work out facility that appeared fine. One nice find was that there is a barbershop in the lobby. My son got a great haircut and the barbers were great. The other recommendation I have is to try the pastry at the restaurant connected to the hotel. Top of the line fresh baked.Overall we had a good / average experience. Nothing fancy, but a clean place to sleep for the night. If you need to be in the area its an ok place to stay.	
Nov 22 2006 	I wouldn't even take a professional escort here. No service no refund?	I am not picky, but this is the last time I book at a non brand hotel. I usually try to stay downtown, but my friend told me that Ruby Foo is reasonable. I gave it a try and will not be going back. I was checked into a room that was already occupied and then when I told the front desk, they asked me for my ID? They then checked me into the wrong room type and refused to give me and my friend two beds. We got 1 king for two 50 year old men? I woudnt have minded, if the room didnt have the childrens desk. I felt like I was in Viet Nam. (during the war). The party in the hallway kept me up most the night and in the morning we missed our wake up call becasue the phone was unplugged so my buddy missed his 6 AM flight at Pierre Elloitt Airport. The front desk guy didnt even say sorry when I asked for a rebate or refund. He said speak with the manager and transferred me to voicemail. I checked into the Sheraton on Cote de Liesse but they were soldout the next night. I then moved to the Quality on Decarie and they were both fine. I was seriously disappointed at Ruby Foo.	
Oct 4 2006 	not a quality hotel	I was forced to stay at this Hotel because of a cancelled flight due to weather conditions.when i arrived they made me wait 40 minutes to check in. The hallways are very dark and old looking.I finally got to my room, it was hot and stuffy, a/c didn't work.The toilet backed up, while i using it.One thing I am certain about, is that this Hotel is definitely not worth the price i paid.do yourselves a favor and don't stay at this place	
Aug 11 2006	terrible hotel	didn't end up staying at this hotel. I had heard good things aobut it and thought it was rated 4 stars. Definitely not. I would give it 2 stars. Rooms were barren, basic, a/c didn't work well and room looked unclean. I found manager unhelpful and some of the staff rude. We ended up not staying and went to Sheraton Airport. Although that hotel was a bit out of the way, staff there were wonderful, rooms were great and kids loved their waterslide. Ruby Foos would not be my choice for a hotel to stay at if you want to throughly enjoy the holiday. Sheraton was $10 cheaper and had an indoor pool with waterslide. Ruby Foos, - overpriced, staff rude, rooms very basic and not exceptionally clean. Forget the convenience and stay elsewhere. The decor dark and weird; - long halls to walk especially with children.	
Jul 4 2006	What a Rip Off!	Customer service does NOT make Americans feel welcome.They &quot;snicker&quot; as soon as your back is turned. Prices for EVERYTHING there is WAY TOO HIGH. The internet connection never worked,either did the air conditioning. Housekeeping just walked right on into your room even when the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was on the door.I even called the manager of the hotel explaining all of this..and more, with NO reply at all! THEY DONT CARE! I would NOT recommend anyones stay.I will NOT be back there...EVER!	
Jun 5 2006	Perfectly Decent Basic Hotel	I stayed there in early June, 2006. The hotel in my view is a perfectly fine, average 3 star hotel. No bells and whistles, or anything special about it, but it's clean and relatively up to date. A bonus (at least for me) was the free parking, with unlimited in and out priveleges. It's also right near the Decarie Expressway which allows for getting in (or leaving) the city painlessly. My room was spacious, plain and quite clean and had been refreshed not that long ago. The bed and furniture were just fine. Unlike one of the previous reviews, there was nothing old, dirty, saggy or noisy about the place at all. Check-in and check-out were quick and painless.Overall, a fine, basic, clean hotel.	
May 26 2006	Group Trip	I was here with a group and developed a medical problem. The front desk was very helpful to us. They let me borrow their wheelchair for the trip and found a place where we could buy some crutches. The service was a little slow for breakfast if you are in a hurry. The rooms were clean.	
May 8 2006	It's not *that* bad	I had pretty low expectations based on these reviews, but it’s really a decent hotel. The fact is it's the closest hotel with free parking to downtown (15 min drive) at budget price. This is good if you have a car. Otherwise look closer downtown. With regards to &quot;Dirty furniture&quot; &quot;saggy bed&quot; &quot;runny toilet&quot; &quot;hot room&quot;... these claims are unfounded in my experience. With regards to &quot;dated look&quot; and &quot;no update since the 60's&quot; also seem unfounded. The bathroom is totally updated, the contents of hotel room looked early 90's... it's totally on par with any hotel in this price range I’ve been in (in the upper Midwest US or southern US) within the last year. If you want a class, I suggest you increase your budget, and find something downtown.	
Mar 18 2006 	bad Hotel stay	I was traveling to Montreal for family business.I stayed at the Ruby Foo's Hotel,I had a horrible experience. The check in was delayed due to a untrained clerk. Once I funally checked in I was forced to walk for 10 minutes until I finally found my room. The room was hot and smelly. The furniture was not well taken care of.I would not stay here again.A little further down Decarie Blvd there is a nice Quality Hotel. I plan on trying that Hotel next time I come to Montreal	
Dec 29 2005	Excellent Location service and dining	I do not see what people do not like about this place. We have been staying here for at least 10-12 years and the place is great. Just make sure to ask for a room in the newer wing. The decor is asian themed and there is a restaurant on premises which serves several types of food in 1 dining room. Location is great since it is close to main roads and the metro subway system. Rooms are always clean and made up by the time you get back in the afternoon. Stay here if you want easy access to the city. Do not stay if you except luxury and pampering. Front desk staff go out of their way to help you including researching restaurants and attractions in the area.	
Sep 6 2005	Very Dated-1960's	This Hotel(should be Motel) is way overpriced for the poor condition that the place is in.Our room had a double bed that was worn out,saggy and lumpy.The toilet ran on all the time.It looked like it hadn't been updated since the 60's. Teenagers were running up and down the halls late at night making noise.Staff didn't keep a close enough eye on them after complaints. Restaurant was okay but overpriced.I can't believe that the CAA recommended them.This was based on my visit in 1997.It's obvious from the more updated comments that nothing has changed and the owners don't care about making the place nice enough to justify the price they are charging. Needless to say,the next time I'm in Montreal,I won't be staying there.	
Aug 9 2005	Convenient - but no big deal	We (2 adults, 1 teenager) stayed here for 2 nights in July 2005. We had read the tripadvisor reviews and decided, on balance, to book - particularly as it was near the Airport, for our departure. We left with mixed views. The positive ones were its location for the airport, its closeness to Namur Metro Station (a real bonus if you want to be out of the city itself), its air-conditioning throughout the hotel and in the room, a decent bar with the friendliest barman we met on holiday, its speed of service when we required more towels and its overall cleanliness. We didn't use the pool but it was kept very clean and was clearly a good area to bathe and relax. On the downside, we were charged half a day's rate to retain the room for an extra 4 hours, upto 5pm (without the room being cleaned or reserviced). We really wanted the room until 6 pm, prior to our flight, but the duty manager wouldn't negotiate beyond 5pm. We've regularly done this on our holidays to Canada and , although we understand it should carry some charge, we had never been charged before. Half a day was excessive in any case!! Also, the hotel is a bit weird in its decor - we couldn't quite make out what it was trying to be. There appeared to be so many different influences at work in its decor that it was pretty confused really. We couldn't say it was a poor hotel because on the whole we enjoyed the stay but we left feeling a bit ripped off and a feeling that as long as all is well this is a decent place to stay - but if things weren't to your satisfaction we just weren't sure what the reaction from the duty manager would be. This lack of confidence means we probably wouldn't stay here again and now we have visited the city we know there is no need to stay outside the city centre - everything is easily accessible, including the airport. We were very impressed with Montreal and wished we had given ourselves a bit more time there; there really is plenty for tourists to do and the waterfont and surrounding area is superb for eating, drinking, history and people watching!! Exceeded our expectations - a pity Ruby Foos didn't.	
Jul 5 2005	Not value for money	The rate was well over-priced. Paid &gt;$500 for two nights on line but was shocked when arrived to see the condition of the hotel outside and the room inside.	
Jun 17 2005	Stuck in Montreal with no room reservation	Just had the opportunity to visit Montreal with a friend recently; unfortunately, we did not make any reservation prior and did not know that the Formula One race circuit was in town then. As it turned out, the only hotel with air conditioning (somehow, it was over 90 degrees) was Ruby Foo's. The website made this proeperty out to be a little better than it really was. The positives for Ruby Foo's- near the metro, just off Hwy 15, close to airport, clean bed. The negatives for Ruby Foo's- pool closed, parking lot and entrance is a very dusty construction zone, rooms are dark and very noisy, in a questionable neighborhood, close to Hwy 15's terrible traffic, no cocktail lounge, rooms are kind of tired Howard Johnson-style.I can only blame myself for the situation of having to stay there and, if I returned, would receive a discount due to the renovation. However, it is most unlikely that I will ever visit Ruby Foo's again. Loved Montreal and will certainly return there.I have stayed in much worse than Ruby Foo's; once all their promised renovations are complete, this might be a touch better. My next stay will be at the Vogue or W.	
Feb 1 2005 	Motel in Disguise	Was forced by the company I was working for to stay at Ruby Foo's many times. It is nothing more than a converted motel, stuck out in a working class neighbourhood. Food is expensive and mediocre.They were trying to pass themselves off as a boutique hotel but I complained and luckily that status was recinded by Boutique Hotels International.Tacky is the word that first comes to mind.	
Mar 12 2004	Hotel Ruby Foo's	Recently stayed at this hotel. The rooms were recently redecorated and are quite lovely. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful! The area has developped recently, with many restaurants and shopping outlets. A major bonus is that the parking is free, and you can take the subway to downtown Montreal ( Way cheaper than paying for downtown parking!!) A beautiful new spa and fully equipped gym are on site in the hotel. I must have gained 5 pounds eating at one of the restaurants (La Tulipe Noire) The cheesecake and pastries are to die for! If you enjoy sushi, you have found the ideal spot.This hotel is really convenient because of it's location (close to Airport, and downtown). A real treasure! All in all, I would denifitely return to this hotel, and would recommend it to anyone who is looking good quality versus value.	
Sep 18 2003	Okay but not great	The only reason to ever stay at this place is if you need to for some reason be near Hampstead, the crossroads area (where the highways converge), or within 15 minutes of Dorval. Despite a flashy website, this isn't a real nice hotel. The whole place has this bizarre pseudo-Japanese feel to it, but it's done poorly. The lobby was nice enough, and rooms were okay, but the fixtures weren't very nice, and in general, the elevator, halls and rooms were a somewhat musty and dingy. Again, it wasn't uncomfortable it just wasn't real nice. I may have to stay here again, but I'll probably check out the Quality Inn just a mile away on Decarie before I do.	
Jun 27 2002	Hotel Ruby Foo	Pro'sCheap place to stay.Close to Metro.Close to Dorval AirportCon'sNothing cool is in walking distance.Restaurant food quality for everything except sushi is horrible. Restaurant service, particularly the bar is not existent. On a week night expect to have to harass the hotel to keep the bar open past 11:00 PM. Last call in Montreal is btwn 2:00 and 3:00 AM. Condition of rooms is VERY poor. Fortunate are decor is very dated. Thermostat in your room may or may not work; it goes for the taps in the bathroom.Have never stayed at such a poor quality hotel! Would choose a best western over this place any day.	
