	Great hotel for the price fabulous location	My fiance and I stayed in Montreal for a week this past October, as a last minute getaway. We weren't interested in spending a lot of money on our hotel, as we knew we would be out and about most of the time. We chose the Quaily Inn for it's location, which as it turned out, was perfect. There are three pleasant pubs within ten strides of the lobby. I would strongly suggest Brutopia (right across the street) for some excellently crafted micobrews and live entertainment. Also, the MadHatter (next door) has very good pub chow and great drink specials ( three shots for $10). There are plenty of other establishments just a short walk away as well. Great shopping, dining, and galleries were all within walking distance. The hotel itself honestly exceeded out expectations. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and had a nice balcony. The bathroom could use a update, but was clean and functional. The beds we large, clean and comfortable. Perfectly acceptable for a $90 a night lodging. The parking across the street was expensive ($20 a night), but parking every where is expensive ( it IS a CITY). Overall I would recommend Quality to anyone who is traveling on a budget.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel for the price	This was about a mile from Old Town, so definitely walkable. The front desk was pleasant and helpful with recommendations. The room was clean and neat and they had nice extra touches towels folded in a pretty display. The grocery store across the street was great. Only complaint stayed on a Wednesday near to no restaurants open past 9:30. Parking was only 13 american for the day a steal in montreal	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location comfortable beds old 	If you're looking for a good price &amp; great location, this is a great choice. It was my first visit to Montreal and we were only there for 1 night, but we slept soundly (one of us used earplugs as it is a noisy street with Irish themed bars). I'm pretty sure some young guys got into a bit of a verbal fight in room across from us - I heard swearing &amp; shouting late at night, but I really did sleep well otherwise. The ceiling was peeling a bit in the bathroom (but not like falling on people or anything), one of the chairs had stains on it, and I suspect the hide-a-bed was old and uncomfortable (we had a room with 2 double beds &amp; a love seat that folded out - but there were only 3 of us, so didn't need the hide-a-bed). The tub in the bathroom was also a bit weird - it seemed like it had been re-done with a tub liner over an old tub and water would get under it (between the tub and liner) and so it would feel squishy under your feet. The sheets were clean, the beds were comfortable and the price &amp; location was right. There was a free breakfast (bagel, toast or croissant plus tea or coffee) but we were hungry and didn't want to wait in line for it. Great place for students or other young people to stay. Had great service from the front desk staff. They let us check-in several hours early and stored our bags in a secured room for us after we checked out so we could go site-seeing without having to carry them around all day.	
Sep 1 2009 	Time to demolish this one and build anew.	Spent two weekend nights here recently; the place is filthy in the common areas and just clean in the the rooms. The bedding and curtains and rugs are worn and shabby. Our room had mirrored doors for the closet but one mirror was cracked. Older type TV's, no fridge in the room, no free breakfast, mould in the bathroom. Slow, slooooow elevators.Parking is $25 per night across the street, none available at the hotel. The rooms are average hotel size, the a/c was fine, there is a balcony but they tell you not to go out on it after 11 at night.Great location for a Quality Inn, but they should be ashamed their name is on this one.	
Jul 21 2009 	Horrible hotel Quality Inn should be ashamed of themselves.	Fantastic location on Crescent Street close to St. Catherine Street shopping and restaurants etc.. Just a shame that Quality Inn has not fixed this place up. Should be completely demolished and rebuilt. It's not like it's cheap. It's dirty and outdated and no way would we stay there. Took one look at the room and got out of there. Probably crawling with bedbugs and other things. Hallways are dark and creepy, huge stains on the carpets. Can't go out on balcony after 11 pm which is probably good as partiers on balcony spitting down on people walking by. Also parking lot next door for $20 a day and they want to keep your keys. Not affliated with hotel. We left and went around the corner to the Novotel for less money per night, lovely clean hotel and rooms with underground parking at $18 per day. Don't know how the Quality Inn can justify the rate they charge for what they are providing.	
Jul 3 2009 	great location crappy otherwise	GREAT location at a decent price - that's why you would stay here. otherwise, you wouldn't. also a convenient garage downstairs for $15 a night. the lobby and the whole hotel in general smelled strongly of bad, cheap perfume. free internet connection was available, but very poor quality. room not very well ventilated, bathroom smelled sort of urine-like, room was generally dingy and worn-looking. Importantly though, it was clean. and great pillows!	
May 21 2009 	Location location location	Can't say enough about the location. We drove into town and the hotel is 2 blocks from the highway, and a block from the centre of everything.From shopping on St. Catherine street to Old Montreal, it was all accessible within a few minutes of walking.Rooms were quite large and offered free high-speed internet. And the pizza place on the main floor was excellent.Although we were not there for the nightlife, all around you could see the bars and clubs were within walking distance for anyone heading to Montreal for that purpose.	
May 20 2009 	Decent hotel in a good location at a decent price	The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Montreal really close to restaurants, pubs, Metro etc. The Hotel lobby is small but clean. The front desk is well informed, friendly and helpful. The hallways on our floor were kind of old and worn. The elevator itself was kind of old and worn and poorly lit. The room faced the rear of the building so there was not a lot of street noise. There was also a balcony that looked on to the rear parking lot. Each floor only had a few hotel rooms. The room was large, well kept and well lit. There is no fridge here and the internet access is Free but not wireless...only an ethernet connection. The room was a good deal for the price. Large king bed, adequate space, decent bathroom. The whole lobby and elevator often smell like pizza since there is a pizzeria connected to the hotel that delivers to guests in the rooms as well. Note about parking:If you go thru the Hotel, you will pay $20 per night for overnight parking in a an open lot right next to the Hotel. We lucked out since we found a hotel about 1 block away. You can negotiate about a $6 rate for overnight parking. Street parking is free (right in front of the hotel) after 9 pm on weekdays till 8 am the next day. This is a lot cheaper than the Hotel parking.	
Jan 30 2009 	Quite nice rooms	Much better than I expected for the price and in a delightful area of Montreal near shops and terrific restaurants. Parking possible on street but a little hard to deduce how the parking meter pay system works. Adjacent parking lots not all that expensive. Nice, real breakfast available for under $10 Canadian.. Not fancy by any means but very cheap	
Aug 24 2008 	Avoid this Property	Quality and Comfort Inns are Choice Hotels moderately priced properties. I have found them to be more than acceptable although I've had better experiences with Comfort Inns.This place was the worst experience I've had with Quality Inn. But first a positive note. I found the front desk staff and housekeeper to be friendly and accommodating.The hotel itself is shabby and threadbare. Our first room was on the the 8th floor streetside. There was mold in the bathroom. The bed was saggy and soft. We had the AC turned to the maximum cool but it wasn't putting out. After staying at a beautiful hotel in Quebec City we were totally depressed with the place. We went out for several hours. Upon return, the room was warm. We requested a room change.We were then assigned to a room on the 7th floor. Again the bathroom had mold. The carpet was torn. The bed wasn't too bad and the AC worked fine.We arrived in Montreal by train and walked to the hotel, about a 10-15 minute hike. We left by air. The hotel arranged for the airport shuttle to pick us up at 1PM. It showed a couple minutes late. We thought it would take us to the airport. Not so. You go to the central bus station and have to buy a ticket. The ticket line was long and we feared missing the bus. So I went to bus side while my friend stayed in line to buy the ticket. He returned a couple minutes after departure but fortunately the driver waited. So keep this in mind when planning travel time to the airport.This hotel is convenient to many restaurants and shopping. While I would certainly stay in a Quality Inn again, I would take a pass on this place despite the nice staff.	
Aug 5 2008 	Pretty shoddy.	This place is tatty and rather run down even though the room was large and the wired internet worked well.The hotel clearly runs on a tight budget, I gather they subcontract catering, the breakfast was a classic mug of coffee and prehistoric bagel. All this might have been tolerable because I thought it would be cheap. My colleagues and I had booked this hotel at a special conference rate. My colleague paid the bill and did not point out that they were charging some 50 canadian dollars per day more than the conference rate. I stayed on an extra day and when I came to pay I pointed out that they were charging more than the agreed rate and they were extremely unhelpful and uncooperative. I don't know if this over charging was an 'error' or not. I can say, however, that we could have stayed in a pleasant hotel for the price we ended up paying.On balance this is one to avoid.	
Jul 19 2008 	Pleasantly surprised!!!	As I looked for reviews before my trip, I was confused because there were not a of current ones. So I just wanted to pass along some feedback to help fellow travelers choose a hotel for their visit to Montreal.Initially I was scared because there were not a lot of reviews, but the location was amazing and that's what made me finally decide to book it. Our room was on the 14th floor-facing Crescent St- and what a view it was! We had one king size bed, and a couch. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. They kept our luggage after we checked out, as we had a late flight, and they called the airport shuttle and made our reservation. The housekeeping staff was friendly and helpful as well. The room and bathroom was clean and we had no concerns about walking around in our bare feet.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in an amazing location!	
Apr 28 2008 	If you think more than just location is important in a hotel don't stay here!	Before I write this review about the quality inn downtown Montreal I would like to describe the type of person I am because often times when reading a review you don't know if the person complaining is just an uptight middle aged man! My friends and I are 23 year old European girls from Toronto who enjoy shopping, sight seeing and a vibrant nightlife with great house music and fair prices. We are not high maintenance but want a place thats clean, safe and has a friendly, helpful staff! (I don't think that's too much to ask!). The pros of the hotel are as follows:-Amazing location: a one minute walk to St. Catherine St, the best place to shop, full of boutiques and the underground city (a bunch of malls connected to each other underground). The downside, there is a strip club almost directly in front of the hotel and a dirty alley way right beside the hotel.-Some of the staff is friendly, greeted us with a smile, gave us some helpful tips on where to shop, eat etc- The noise issue people complained about was not our experience, it was pretty quiet so don't worry about that. Just make sure you get a room that faces the back of the hotel.-This hotel does hold onto your bags even after you've checked out. We had a late flight and i didn't want to carry all of our luggage around so they held onto them free of charge.-This hotel has a shuttle that will take you from central station to the hotel free of charge, however you have to pay to take the bus from the airport to central station which is $24 there and back which they don't tell you about on the website and is a bit confusing when you arrive in Montreal for the first time and don't know where to go!and that's it! Now here are the cons, bare with me there are many!!-Our initial room was disgusting! It smelled terrible, was dirty and the worst thing was that the sheets were stained with something that resembled blood. I am not joking this is the truth!. We called front desk to complain and they moved us to another room, the room right next door! The appropriate thing to do was to upgrade us for the trouble, we already were paying $120 per night Canadian to stay in this place, the least they could do was offer us a better space.-The room we stayed in appeared better in the beginning. The sheets were clean. But upon inspection, the bottom of the shower curtain had black muck on the bottom of it, the wallpaper was peeling in the washroom and so was the paint on the ceiling above the shower! The windows were dirty, the hinges to the door that leads to the balcony was rusted and the railing of the balcony looked like it was about 200 years old. The couch had white stains on it and the carpet was grimy to say the least. DON'T walk bare foot on the carpet or in the bathroom!Even the carpet in the elevator had stains on it like someone got sick on it the night before and stained it! -As we headed out to check out the nightlife we asked the front desk what time we had to be up in the morning so our room could be cleaned. They told us anytime before 2pm. So the next morning we were out of our room by noon. We crossed paths with the cleaning crew on our floor as we were leaving. They asked us if we needed service and we did and they said they would take care of our room for us. When we got back to our room at around 7pm our room had NOT been cleaned! Our dirty towels were still in a pile in the tube as was asked so that the cleaning crew would know to change them, the garbages were not replaced, our old bed linens were still on the bed, nothing was done! We could not believe this!!! We called front desk and they told us that they would see what they could do. 15 minutes later a guy showed up with 2 fresh towels! That's it, 2 towels! can you believe it! we had to call front desk again and ask for more towels. We did receive more but that should not have been the end of our service. We needed more toilet paper, garbages had to be emptied, the shower needed to be cleaned and we needed new bed linens. We did receive new bed linens with the second round of towels that we had to put on our bed ourselves. I did not know that when you pay $120 per night, for a total of two nights that we would have to make our own bed! This is suppose to be our vacation. A vacation in Canada, a first world country that I would assume world have higher standards and better service. I have been to resorts in third world countries and received first class service all the way by EVERYONE at the resort! This was embarrassing! -That night we went out to party and when we came back we decided to get some pizza from the shop that was attached to the hotel. However the door that attached the pizza place to the hotel was locked! At first we were angry because we would then have to walk outside to get in to the establishment but then were happy because we noticed that the people inside ordering pizza were sketchy to say the least and we felt it would be unsafe if the door attaching to two establishments would have been open. We went back to our room and called front desk to see if we could get food delivered but no one answered the phone! I though front desk was suppose to be there at all times to assist us! We called back 4 times in 45 minutes and no one answered. How about if there was an emergency? Needless to say we went to bed hungry that night!-The next day we checked out to come back home and we were charged $3.50 for the bottle of water that we drank in our room that we figured was complimentary because it was just a regular bottle of water on the coffee table when we arrived. Usually items that are charged are in a mini bar or have notes on them saying that you must pay to consume! -During our stay we noticed many of the visitors were young guys here in Montreal to party, who probably don't care about a clean room and that just want shelter to sleep. So that is who I recommend this hotel for. If you don't care about dirt or an unfriendly, non-helpful staff and put location on the top of your priority list then reserve this hotel but I think most people could do better. Next time my friends and I will spend a bit more so we actually feel like we are on vacation and not in some hostel in an impoverished area!	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Location	Traveled by train from Windsor to Toronto to Montreal mainly to see a Montreal Canadians hockey game with my 18 year old son (our first time to Montreal). A 10 minute walk from the train station, the room we stayed in was on the 12th floor. The room had a two queen size beds, a small couch, and a small table with chairs. The room was larger than expected and clean and comfortable. The bathroom although small was clean and everything worked. Staff was very helpful. Any question we asked was answered. Hotel in in a great location to explore all of Downtown Montreal. The Belle Centre (hockey arena) and shopping (i.e. Eaton Centre) and many places to eat within walking distance. The street is in an area with bars so is crowded with people on weekend nights and during after hockey games, but we had no problems with noise or anything else. This is not the Ritz, but I would recommend.	
Dec 10 2007 	Was OK....Probably won't stay here again	Was in town for a bachelor party and as those trips go this hotel is suitable. I had no experience with the bed bugs but have to admit the rooms were dated and could use a fixing up. The hotel is located a block or so from Rue Catherine Street and conveinently located. The hotel lobby was clean and even had an over price shop that you could buy some lousy Montreal trinkets. The parking garage was nice considering there was very little parking on the streets and I didn't have a problem finding a spot. However, the view was lousy and woke up to have a direct view into someone's apartment just next store. This Quality Inn is much like the other Quality Inns...you pay for what you get. Great rate (under $100/night) but buyer beware. Would probably find a different hotel the next time I was in town considering my wife wouldn't appreciate adult establishments just a block away.	
Nov 19 2007 	Bed Bug Alert!!!	A few friends and I went to the Quality Inn Hotel in the summer time. Overall, we weren't in the room much, basically just to get ready to go out, change and sleep. The only good thing is the location. The ONLY good thing. The front desk was incrediably rude, and at one point when our neighbours were being loud, he uninvitedly unlocked our door and barged inside! The bathrooms are not that great, the rooms are look very old and smell just as bad. Non smoking rooms, smell like smoke anyway. But by far.. the WORST thing ever was the bed bugs. At first there was one.. then two.. then a few days later THERE WERE MILLIONS!! This place has a HUGE problem. Bed bugs were the worst experience of my life. So itchy you could not imagine. I also had an alergic reaction to them, so things only got worse from there. And the thought of sleeping on filthy nasty bugs only makes me want to puke more. This hotel is DIRTY, only only because of the close down ghetto strip club you have a beautiful view of, but because of the HORRIBLE, ITCHY, NASTY BED BUGS! Luckily the most of them showed up after the trip, still had fun but only because it was Montreal and its not possible to not have fun there. BEEEWAAARE OF BED BUGS, I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH!!	
Oct 18 2007 	ok	There is not enough parking, Arrived on a Saturday night and there wasn't any parking for the guests. Asked front desk were i can park they said Along the street you shouldn't get a ticket tonight. they advertise high speed in the rooms, I for got my cord ask if they have one they said probly not tonight, Asked if they have wirerless was told only in the lobby and there is no access coded needed, went to lobby tried to get on couldn't Asked desk, then was told you need an access code, ask if i could get it he said you have to wait. the roms are ok a little old could use updated.	
Sep 17 2007 	Beware of Bed Bugs!!!	Some friends and I stayed in 3 neighboring rooms at this property over Labor Day Weekend 2007. Although the hotel was located in a great location for our bachelor party needs, the discovery of bed bug bites about a week and a half after our visit caused great alarm. The price may be right, but suffering through the irritaiton and humiliation of bed bug bites does not make this hotel a place you want to stay. I have yet to contact the hotel to make them aware of the problem, however I plan to do so soon. This property is INFESTED!!!	
Jun 20 2007 	On paper it's great shame about the noise	My room was big, a little tatty in places, but otherwise clean. I had a decent size bed, good bathroom, air con, and plenty of storage. But during my four night stay, 2 consecutive nights during the week were ruined because of the noise. My room was at the back of the hotel and faced out onto a row of bars. Even on the 14th floor - I could hear rock music playing until 3AM! The hotel is certainly central - but since I couldn't guarantee you'd get a decent night's sleep - I wouldn't recommend it.	
May 4 2007 	Great Downtown Hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in May. I thought it was more than adequate for a couple of guys going to hang out in a great city. The room I stayed in was on the 14 th floor and was a junior suite. Had a good king size bed, a small couch, and a small table with chairs. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom although small was clean and workable. Staff was great. Any question you could ask was answered. Hotel in in a great location to explore all of Downtown Montreal. Bars, clubs and many places to eat within walking distance. Cost was $109 CAN per night wich is a bargan in the downtown area	
Feb 11 2007 	Good location and nice staff	Sept 17th 2006 (three nights)$119 CAD / nightMy boyfriend and I have decided to put this into good/not so good format. We’re both fairly tall, he is 6ft and I’m 5.8” and we’re both 29 years old.See our other comments on Jasper (Windswept B&amp;B); Banff (Rundlestone Lodge); Calgary (Quality Inn Calgary Airport); NYC (Manhatten Inn); Niagara (America’s Best Value Chalet Inn); London (Arran House); Brighton (Oriental Hotel); Paris (Hotel Familia); Barcelona (Barcelona City Centre Hostal); Venice (Ca’Riccio); Monterosso (La Spaggia); Florence (Cimatori Guesthouse); Sienna (Hotel Santa Caterina); Positano (Villa Nettono); Rome (The Beehive); Mykonos (Cavo Tagoo); Santorini (Porta Fira Suites); Athens (Art Hotel); Milan (Hotel Charly); Tokyo (Hotel Century Southern Tower); Kyoto (Kikokuso)Good:-We had to upgrade to a King from a Double as the bed was too short for my boyfriend.-the area is alright. Not dodgy, just not happenin’; however, it is fairly close to train station and Greyhound bus station ($10 cab ride)-friendly staff and very accommodating-cheap restaurant in the hotel-everyone had good English-broadband available Not so Good:-Double beds are very small, don’t stay if you’re tall, we had to upgradeI would stay here again for sure.	
Nov 16 2006 	Great location	We stayed here for 3 nights.The location was great. Breakfast was good as well and was included in the price, nice croissants!.As far as the room goes, it was very small and the bed was very hard, but it served a purpose for us, when all we wanted was a room to sleep in as we knew that we would be out eploring most of the time.	
Nov 14 2006	I'd recommend it!	I've seen a lot of bad reviews for this place but in my opinion there's nothing wrong with it! You simply can't beat the location for shops and restaurants.Front desk staff were always pleasant and acknowledged us with a smile. Room was very spacious, other than the bathroom. King size bed was fabulous and the rooms were clean and very comfortable. I've been staying her off and on for 16 years and although the name has changed I'd still recommend this place for convenience and price. ( four nights averaged out to $100 a night)	
Oct 4 2006 	total dump	This hotel is very conveinently located, thats the only good news. We had a room on the 10th floor, only one of the two elevators would work at a time, for a while neither of the worked and we had to take the dank hot stairways. Don't risk staying there if you're handicapped! The hotel has balconies but you can't use them. The hallway on the 10th floor was trashed, smashed fire extinguisher case, garbage and dirt. Our tiolet had trouble flushing, I had to pray that it wouldn't overflow each visit. Had to call maintenance once, they said I'd have to wait until an elevator worked before they'd be up. The tub didn't drain well either, you'd have 6 inches of water in it at the end of a shower, the next person would have to wait 20 mins for it to drain. Don't fall for the free breakfast either, you have to pay extra if you want more than bad coffee and stale toast, or watered down OJ. When we asked about their satisfaction guarantee they gave us a dumb look and a pathetic excuse.	
Aug 28 2006 	Location is great but otherwise avoid	The building looks apalling from outside and is located on a dirty back alley. The location is very central however, and can be recommended if you're not afraid to look inside.. Plenty of good restaurants and trendy shops are very nearby. Also a couple of bigger malls.The room was HUGE and had 2 double beds, 2 tables, sofa, 3 chairs.. all in average to good condition. The room was also clean, if a bit tired. (The windows were quite dirty, though.) Bathroom was cramped. Biggest problem during the stay was that they seem to cut the room's electricity during the night so A/C and lights won't work in the small hours, and the clock radio lost it's time and I almost missed my morning flight. Only 1 elevator was working and there seemed to be no hurry to get the other one operational. The working one also was slow and made some noises that made you wonder if that too will break up soon.The stairways were creepy and very dirty so walking up to 7th floor was no good option, either. So waited for the elevator 5 or more minutes a time..Overall, a very limited experience even when you get a low rate. The location is by far the best part of this hotel.	
Aug 20 2006 	A good deal !	We stayed here from July 1 through July 4, 2006. We booked the room via Hotwire. A great location, about a 7 min. walk to the Lucien - L'Allier metro stop, or a 10 min. walk to the Peel metro stop. The Hotwire price was $42, or a bit less than $51 per night, including tax and fees. The hotel is a short walk from the Museum of Modern Art - don't miss the exposition on Italian Design in the 20th century. The bottom line was that we got a clean , comfortable, air-conditioned room, with free local calls and free newspapers ( not USA Today - real newspapers ) - all for the price of a parking spot in New York City.	
Apr 24 2006	*	TERRIBLE!!!!The windows were so dirty you could barely see through them! The furniture looked like it came from the local thrift store. The lampshades were heavily stained. There were burnholes in the carpet. The bathroom was grubby looking (dirty corners, tiles missing, etc.). The absolute worst thing however was the super-strong industrial-strength deodorizer that hit us like a brick wall upon entering the room that gave us instant headaches.	
Dec 9 2005	Bachelor Party Place	I stayed at the Quality Inn Downtown in Montreal, Canada for a weekend in October. I was in Montreal along with 11 other guys for a bachelor party. The hotel is in an excellent location and I would highly recommend it for singles and bachelor parties. It's in close proximity to all the bars and excellent restaurants. The rooms were large and clean, but need some updating. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway, but the rooms were more than adequate for our needs.	
Sep 29 2005	Good Location	The Quality Inn on Crescent had a great location for our visit. 3 blocks from the Bell Centre, walking distance to a grocery store, shopping, Mount Royal, and several pubs and restaurants. Besides the location everything else was average. The room was a pretty good size, but I expected it to be for the price. Continental breakfast wasn't what you would normally expect, but was a light meal to suffice in the morning. Front desk was quite helpful, however understaffed. The room was clean and in working order, nothing special, however the balconies were not to be used, deemed &quot;unsafe by the City of Montreal&quot;. When I visit Montreal again I will try staying in a different hotel, but in the same area.	
Sep 1 2005	Good value for money	I was in Montreal for a dental convention. i stayed at the Quality Inn Downtown hotel for 6 days. I was pleasantly surprised to see that my room at the second floor was HUGE. I got a room with a king-sized bed. It had a three-seater couch in it and a dining-table with 2 chairs, big study desk. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The Bathroom had a bathtub, it was very clean --- a big plus factor for me. There's so much space to move around. The hotel is very near th shopping district, there are bars/clubs nearby for those who want to enjoy the nightlife, a convenience store and money changer is a minute-walk away. Starbucks and Burger King are also a minute away. The Metro (subway train) station is about 4-5 minutes away. In short, location is very good. it's about 5 blocks away from other attractions such as Mary Queen of The World church, parks, St. George's Anglican Church, Bell Centre, Underground City, St. Catherine St.(shopping district a block away). I was truly fortunate to book my stay in this hotel. However, the croissant served to me on first morning there was truly lousy. it was tough and not flaky. I was actually expecting a truly authentic french breakfast in Montreal but i was disapponted. I never ate my breakfast there again though it was supposed to be included in my hotel package. But overall, I would recommend tourists to Montreal to stay in this hotel. You won't be disappointed. At first I was skeptical about the reviews here at this website. Good thing though I chose to believe the posts here. Au revoir!	
Jul 10 2005	Good Location Nice Sized Rooms....	Was recommended this hotel by a co-worker. We were very happy with our one night stay at the Quality Inn on Crescent Street.Rooms are quite large with a nice walk-out balcony. Our room overlooked Crescent and downtown.Reception was great. We arrived early (well before the 3pm check-in) and were given a room right away.Got a decent rate considering it's summer and also during the Jazz Fest.Location was great. Crescent Street is a lively street with many bars and restaurants. Shopping on Ste. Catherine is right around the corner. Metro station is nearby (we used Peel). A couple &quot;negatives&quot;, although nothing really major. There was a festival going on on Crescent that night/day and the street was closed to vehicles. It took us an extra few minutes to try and find the parking area for the hotel due to it.Parking was $18 (ugh), but this was to be expected- it isthe city afterall. You can take your car in/out anytime which is a plus if you choose to do so.Another plus is that it nearby to the Bell Centre, which is just down the street on Rene Levesque. Looking forward to getting up there to see the Canadiens (bring back the NHL!).We would not hesitate to stay here and will recommend to friends.	
May 26 2005	Quality Inn Downtown .. nice surprise	After reading the reviews about this hotel I was a bit concerned about what I might find when I arrived. Just to avoid any confusion this is the Quality Inn on Crescent St. Well , here is my take... The reception was excellent, I arrived about 10 am as I had taken a red eye flight from SFO. They had been full the night before but they had a housekeeper work on a room that had just checked out and I was in my room in less than one hour.This after enjoying a nice breakfast in the hotels intimate and amazingly inexpensive restaurant. The food was good but I finally found a place in Montreal where you can find bad coffee.The room itself was quite spacious and immaculately clean. High speed internet is CA$9.95 per stay. There are many CATV channels as well as pay per view. The real joy of the rooms here are the walkout balconies with nice views of downtown and the soundproofing is very good. The hotel hallways were looking a bit shabby mainly because they had installed new door frames on the stairwell doors, but for some reason hadn't painted them. Oh, and watch your step when going into or out of the bathroom !On the night before my check out I called for a wake up call at 1030 am to accomodate their 12n checkout policy. The receptionist asked what time my flight was and I told her 4pm... she then asked if I wanted to Check out at 2pm? , and would I like a taxi waiting ? ! Wow.. That's service !	
Apr 29 2005	Very Pleased	I found this hotel to be perfect for what we were looking for. I was travelling with a University Woman's Basketball Team and we had to play 4 games in 3 days. We also wanted to see a bit of Montreal. This hotel was close to the downtown shopping experience and was close to the gyms we were playing in. The rooms were very nice and the service was excellant. Parking (paid) was across the street and very accessible. All in all, we had a great stay, two great sleeps and a great experience. When we go back next year, this is where we will stay.	
Aug 9 2004	APPAULING SERVICE	I was shocked and appauled at the &quot;managers&quot; customer service skills. They were snooty and not helpful. I chose not to stay at the Inn for the fact they could not find my reservations and did not know what to do about it. It was the most frustrating experience of my life.	
Jun 18 2004	My stay at the (Lack of) Quality Inn Downtown.	First of all, when we walked in the room it smelled like someone had been chain smoking for the last 3 weeks non-stop. To be fair the staff did put an ionizer in the room to get the smell out after we complained. It helped very little. If that was the only problem it wouldn't have been so bad, but there were numerous other issues. Next the chair in the room was covered in ashes with burn marks on the arms. It looked like it just came down the chimney with Santa. Then there were the lamp shades. They had big circular stains all over them. All the furniture in the room had marks and stains all over. It was like people had been using them for batting practice. The ceiling in the shower was covered with yellow stains and mold. The room cost $110 a night plus $20 extra for parking. The hotel was rated 2 stars on one website and 3 stars in a Canadian travel guide, so we figured it would be clean, but nothing fancy. We were very wrong. Since we got there late we had to stay the night. They said they would give us another room the next day, but we didn't think it would be much better. So, the next morning we checked out and got refunded for the second night that we had booked. 	
Mar 29 2004	I think things have improved here...	My husband and I stayed four nights at this hotel in March 2004. We had a clean, serviceable room on the 10th floor for less than $100 US a night. Admittedly, our next-door neighbors DID wake us up at 3 a.m. early Sunday morning. But there's at least a dozen bars on that strip of Crescent Street, and besides, the Habs won earlier that night. We just cranked up the rickety heater and went back to sleep. :) The desk staff were courteous and helpful to two Montreal newbies. It's obviously not a top-of-the-line hotel, but I don't think it purports to be. It was truly comfortable for a few nights. And they had a decent free continental breakfast, too. Would stay there again.	
Jul 31 2003	Worse Hotel Experience	First, there was water backed up in the tub/shower, and the toilet was stopped dup. We were tired and hungry after a 12-hour drive, so we skipped the shower and went to dinner. Upon returning, we discovered that our 2nd floor room backed to a dance club, with the speakers obviously on the opposite side of the wall. They said they could not move us, and that it was beyond their control, but not to worry, the music would stop when the club closed at 3am! To top things off, there was now no running water in the bathroom(or anywhere in the hotel).Frustrated, I called the Canadian Comfort Inn/Suites number and complained about the obvious, and added the loud rattle in the A/C and the TV that had to be unplugged to power off. Soon a man arrived, swearing heavily in English, but with a French accent. Apparently, he was the only facilities guy working that night and there were multiple complaints that evening. He explains that he can't do anything about the music, he decided to unclog the bath, but with no running water, it brought a strong raw sewage stench into the room! Then he unplugs the TV to turn it off, then kicks the A/C a couple times to stop the rattle (which quickly returned). Remember, we had just driven 12 hours, and we got no sleep until 3am. If we got 3 hours of sleep, we were lucky. We did manage to take showers in the morning.The Hotel had a 100% satisfaction guarantee or your room is free. The manager would only subtract half, explaining that they did the best that they could do. I wrote a letter to Comfort Inn Canada, and got a letter back from the hotel manager telling us in short, that he gave us half price, what else would we want, and then asked us to &quot;Please come again&quot;. That will happen.	
Jan 2 2003	Terrible Experience	On October 19th, 2002 a group of us travelled from Ottawa to Montreal to see an NHL game. We had booked three rooms at the Crescent Street location. The cost of each room was $186.29 for the night. I researched the hotel on the internet and the description and pictures looked very nice. At that price I also figured the rooms would be more than adequate. They were anything but. When we arrived at our room (#401) there were numerous stains (some still wet!) on the carpet, and on the bed sheets. The lamp shades were even stained ! The bathroom was also disgusting. The rubber lining on the bottom of the tub was not entirely sealed and when you showered, there was a distinct smell of rotting water and whatever else laid beneath the tile. Most people did not even shower because of the stench. We might as well bathed in the St. Lawrence Seaway ! The description also spoke of a &quot;partial room divider&quot; in the so-called &quot;suites&quot;. The divider was basically a three feet high by two foot rotting piece of wood jutting out from the wall. There was also a pull-out couch in the room. When we pulled it out there was a dirty ladies undergarment within the bed. The room was utterly disgusting, by far the worst any of us had ever stayed in. I sent a couple of complaint letters but have only been told they were looking into it. I have not heard anything within the past two months. I suggest management go view the room themselves &amp; see if they would consider paying $186.29 to stay there. It is not worth 29 cents and we will never stay there again. My advice, look at booking elsewhere !!!Dave Ottawa	
Oct 19 2009 	oufff jamais pu		
Sep 1 2008 	Pas terrible		
Mar 15 2008 	très bien situé mais bruyant!		
Sep 9 2007	Hôtel comfortable		
