Nov 23 2009 	A quaint and charming hotel in Montreal City Center	Staying at this hotel was a wonderful experience! The location is fantastic, easily able to walk to shopping, restaurants, pubs, attractions and just steps from the metro make it the perfect location for beginning your exploration of Montreal! The rooms where clean, beautifully decorated, and the staff where helpful, friendly and accommodating. The hotel is in an old brown stone building that has been completely renovated, rooms are very modern.The breakfast that is included is delicious and provides much more choice then the usual toast and juice offered my most hotels. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a charming and convenient location to explore Montreal from.	
Nov 23 2009 	Amazing hotel and impressive atten	I stayed at this hotel with a friend and was very impressed by everything offered. I loved that it was a small hotel, with just 7 rooms, and our room was very clean and modern. With beautiful wood floors, huge windows, a very comfy bed, the shower with a rain shower head, and the in room magazines and espresso machine, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The breakfast at the attached restaurant was delicious, and, we found Albert to be very helpful and friendly. Next time I am in Montreal I will definitely stay here again!	
Nov 6 2009 	It is like family only much much better.	Another visit just a special as the last. Albert's wonderful greeting and the attention to detail makes this an always great stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic little Hotel!	Albert gave me the room 203 located in the second floor, at the back, and it was was soo quiet!the only thing i didnt have in the description from the website was a fridge.. so he made someone bring me some ice and bottle of water! The hotel room was very very nice! My girlfriend loved it so much!she liked it a lot!the Tv in that room was placed awkwardly, wasn't able to move it. but o well, I didn't really watch TV. I was hooked on the internet with my laptop. the internet' speed was very fast!  the shower's water strength was very strong! like the other people's review!Everything was set with a lot of details! Bravo again!I had a late check out with no extra charge! I check in by 19h but i had to go back to work, so after work. we got into our room by 23h and we left at 14:30 the next day! ps: Albert offered us free breakfast! =)if ever I wanted to do another escape! hotel lyonnais will be one of the place i will certainly go to!maybe next time I will take the Suite~	
Nov 2 2009 	Just do it!	This is a first. I am actually writing the review about 2.5 hours after I have arrived. Everything everybody says is true. I am travelling for business and was due to stay for 2 nights but it was cut short to 1 night. How disappointed am I? I am in room 302 - a suite - with a wonderful terrace that I will not have time to use. If I am ever back in Montreal without any hesitation I can say I will check in here.	
Oct 30 2009 	Small is better	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Le Relais Lyonnais. It was a nice change from the typically large hotels. It was very comfortable and the owner couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. We so enjoyed his restraurant next door that we ate all of our meals there. This is a must for people who want a change from the usual hotel experience. You can't beat the location.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wonderful hotel near to everything	I booked this hotel for a romantic birthday getaway for my wife. After reading the reviews of the Le Relais Lyonnais, I decided that this was the place to take my lovely bride for her birthday. The hotel did not disappoint, Albert greeted us upon arrival and was there for our every need. Parking is available in underground parking around the block under the theatre for 20 dollars a day, it is secure but a bit of a walk to the car in the mornings as the elevators in the theatre do not go down to the parking garage until around eleven am. This means that you must walk around the building then walk down the ramps to the third level as this is where they have you park for long term. Breakfast was included with our stay, but if you would like to enjoy a nice omelette, fresh fruit and freshly squeezed orange juice, you must ask about this at the time of booking as I don’t think it is automatically offered. The suites are very nice and modern, my wife loved the shower, it has both a rain head and a handheld shower sprayer that can be adjusted from gentle mist to skin peal. I preferred the strong spray as it gave a wonderful feeling after walking all over the city. There is a computer provided on the third landing with internet access and a printer provided for free, there is also wireless access provided to all guests. I found the signal and speed on the third floor to be excellent. The hotel is about a fifteen minute walk to Old Montreal and is located near a collage campus in the Latin Quarter. The street is lively all day but it isn’t obtrusive or unseemly.  The only thing that must be noted is that this is a converted home to boutique hotel that doesn’t have an elevator; the suites are on the third floor that is accessed by a narrow winding staircase. If you are mobility challenged then you should ask for a room on the first floor. You would have to only negotiate the first flight of stairs from the street. If you can’t climb any stairs than this is not the hotel for you. It isn’t the least expensive but for what you get it is quite reasonable. I would not hesitate to book there again the next time I am in Montreal.	
Oct 23 2009 	The hotel manager albert is the reason why to choose this hotel	So helpful, so generous, Mr. albert, welcomed us after a long drive from Vermont, USA, to Montreal.Here in Montreal, a nice suite was waiting for us; the hotel provides free parking in the theatre building opposite the hotel; full breakfast at the coffee shop on the first floor of the hotel in which he is a partner. This is a very popular location for young Montreal Canadians, always busy and there was even a birthday celebration of a young fellow with his many friends having breakfast together.Albert sdvised us of 2 fine restaurants, a Greek one and a French one, both were proven to be fine.The suite was furnished in a contemporary style, the flat large sattelite TV with many channels to choose from, the free WiFi and the comfortable bad all made our stay very pleasant.	
Oct 16 2009 	We loved this hotel	This small hotel with only 7 rooms is spotless, in a great location, and run by a hotel owner that genuinely cares about your stay. Albert is the owner and makes sure you have what you need and treats you like an old friend. This was our first trip to Montreal so he gave us a map and circled areas we &quot;must see&quot; and generally helped us understand where to go. He called and made reservations at a restaurant where the locals go (Le Petite Extra), spoke to them and got us set up at a great table. Parking is across the street around back in an underground garage for $20 a day. It is worth it since parking in that area looks awful and our car was fine. The rooms are cozy, absolutely clean, and have everything you need. This room had the best shower I have ever used and the espresso machine was also great. I will always stay here when in Montreal. Albert also owns/runs the restaurant downstairs which has wonderful breakfasts.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wonderful location spotless great character.	We stayed at this hotel Sept. 27 - Oct. 3, 2009. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary with a week in Montreal, and chose Le Relais after reading about it on TripAdvisor.com - I always choose our hotels this way. We would certainly stay at Le Relais again; we had a great stay and were very happy.We had one of the third floor suites and it was very nicely decorated and absolutely spotless. Bathroom was wonderful - large shower, all new ultra-modern fixtures including hair dryer and electric wall heater, a ceiling fan that actually worked, and wonderful soft towels. Bath sheets and robes provided. There was a safe in the room (always a great place for passports and cash), as well as a small refrigerator which was stocked daily with 2 bottles of water (no charge) and cream/milk for the coffee. The coffee/espresso maker worked well. The bed was quite comfortable (queen size), and the temperature control unit (fan/air conditioner) is remote control. There was a small balcony with two chairs and a small table, which would have been great if the weather had been better. The sitting room had very modern furniture, new and not worn out like most hotels. Floors were beautiful hardwood, with area rugs in both rooms. All very clean. The entire suite was very well maintained and cared for. I am extremely fussy, and I was impressed!We had breakfast provided daiily during our stay - there is a little restaurant under the hotel, owned by the hotel - and it is wonderful. Breakfast is anything you want on the breakfast menu - omelettes, crepes, eggs, wonderful pastries, juice, coffee, etc. It was superb - both food and service. Delicious, efficient, and plentiful. It is reason enough to choose Le Relais! Breakfast with the room is not mentioned on the web-site - make sure you ask when you reserve!The location was great for us. We had chosen to use public transportation instead of renting a vehicle - a first for us when on vacation. We have no regrets. There is a Metro station less than a block away, and it is a major hub - it was exceedingly easy to use the Metro and buses. St. Denis is a very busy city street - literally dozens of shops and restaurants, clubs, coffee shops, etc. People everywhere all hours! Our suite was on the front of the building - if you are a light sleeper, bring ear plugs or request a suite on the back of the building. The noise was not a problem for us. I think the hotel has limited parking, so check when you book. Otherwise, street parking is very limited and busy. Tons of shopping within walking distance.No hotel is perfect - so here are a couple of things worthy of note:1. Le Relais advertises free wi-fi in all rooms. The internet service was &quot;spotty&quot; at best. At times, it was okay - but more often than not, we could not even connect (we have two brand new laptops, with good wireless cards). I did call the front desk, and spoke to Albert - but there were no suggestions. They also have a &quot;Business Center&quot; on the third floor - it is a desk with computer with internet access, complete with printer and paper supplied - however this computer has extremely limited internet access as well. So - if internet access is imperative, this is not the place to stay. There is a coffee shop a couple of doors down with free wi-fi, and the service there is excellent -as is the coffee! 2. There is rarely anyone at the front desk - in fact, over the course of a 7 day stay, we saw Albert once! This is not a problem, however there are times when it would be helpful to ask questions or seek advice regarding directions, etc. I found this frustrating at times.3. If you are on the second or third floor, it is important to note that the stairs are relatively steep and long. Good handrails, but it is a beautiful old character building. If you have issues with stairs, you might want to request a room on the first floor. It is a LONG hike to the third floor suites!These three items are simply things that should be considered when choosing accommodation, as everyone's needs are different.We would absolutely stay at Le Relais again.	
Sep 22 2009 	A Gem in Montreal	Visited Montreal for a few days after a criuse from and into Boston. Travelled up to Montreal and stayed at The Relais Lyonnais after reading tripadvisor reviews and must say was not disappointed. I was somewhat concerned about the size of the hotel as we normally stay in much larger ones but how wrong can you be. We arrived early around 11.35 am and Albert who incidentally is fantastic told us our room would be ready shortly so we had an early lunch in the bistro downstairs (part of the hotel). The food was terrific and plentiful. A short time later Albert came down to tell us our room was ready and he had taken our bags up for us. The room (a suite) was excellent and we could not fault it at all.Would not hesitate to go back again and fully intend to do so and we would recommend this hotel to anyone.Albert you run a fine establishment!!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Superb weekend getaway	When we booked our trip we used the Trip Advisor's #1 rating as our guide and we were very pleased with this gem of a hotel. We did not know it was the Just for Laughs festival and, when our taxi cab pulled up, we were surprised to find out the street in front of the hotel was blocked off and a lively street party was just getting started. We were initially nervous because it was so loud down on the street and we were assigned a suite on the third floor which was facing the street. We are fairly quiet people who tend to go to bed on the early side but we thought &quot;we'll find out soon enough&quot; and got settled in our room. The room was super clean and welcoming. The decor was appealing and it had plenty of space with a sitting room, large bathroom, very comfortable bed and shutters on the windows/door. The shower was to die for with great water pressure and duel shower heads. There was an espresso machine and refrigerator in the room. I thought the A/C was very easy to use and we were able to set the temperature to exactly what made us comfortable. We had a small balcony where we could watch the parade from the comfort of our prime viewing spot. You could tell the hotel put a lot of thought into their sound proofing of the room. It was extremely loud while you were on the street or even sitting on the balcony but once the doors were closed the noise was quite muffled. Also, we were amazed that the street cleared out and was unbelievably quiet no later than midnight. It seemed so civilized for such bedlam up until the silence!What we particular liked was the privacy. Albert was very helpful and available if you needed him but no one intruded on us and it felt like at times we had the hotel to ourselves (even though I do believe the hotel was full on the weekend we stayed). It was very quiet in the hotel itself and we did not hear our neighbors. We also liked the free and substantial breakfast served downstairs each morning. Finally, there was a computer and printer in the common area on the third floor which made printing out our airline tickets a snap. The only con would be for individuals with mobility issues. The hotel has three floors with a narrow staircase and no elevator.We felt like the #1 rating was more than well deserved by this small gem of a hotel and we look forward to staying at the Hotel Le Relais Lyonnais again in the future.	
Sep 4 2009 	Many good features	While the rooms are very nicely appointed, I believe Trip Advisor's &quot;#1 rating&quot; of hotels in Montreal is unrealistic. There are many wonderful hotels in Montreal, in better locations and with more consistent amenities.First, may I say that the guest rooms and bathrooms are lovely (though bathroom could use some shelf space). Spotlessly clean, small fridge with complimentary bottled water. Very comfortable bed and nice linens. Comp breakfast was a great touch, though 8:00 a.m. opening made it impossible for business travelers. Loved the Nespresso coffee machine.However...this hotel is in a university district, surrounded by student-level bars and restaurants, and at the seedy end of Ste Catherine St. Hotel managers were gracious and accommodating - but little details were amiss: very poor hair dryer, shampoo and hand lotion (no conditioner!) in the shower, only two towels, AC system difficult to control, closet racks too low for hanging pants or dresses.We travel to Montreal frequently and booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor #1 rating. It's very nice, but we'll take Trip Advisor ratings with a grain of salt from now on.	
Aug 28 2009 	Warm and welcoming hotel	I stayed at the Relais Lyonnais for 3 nights with my wife and 2 small children. The hotel (more of a bread and breakfast) is very well located in the heart of Latin Quarter of Montreal. The first 2 nights we stayed in the suite on the third floor which was very spacious and quiet. The third night we had to move to the first floor overlooking the street which was a bit noisy. Rooms are very tastefully decorated with all sorts of amenities in the room (e.g. Nespresso) but most important was the warmth and hospitality extended by the owners which made us feel at home and patiently attended to our every question. Very good and abundant breakfast was served in the restaurant under the hotel which belongs to the same owners. Highly recommended from a pickly and well travelled person.	
Aug 17 2009 	Enhanced the entire Montreal experience	My hotel experience plays an equal part in the enjoyment of the entire vacation. LRL did its part to represent. Entrance to the Metro was half a block away. All but one metro line intersects the UQAM stop. Our breakfast was complimentary and ridiculously good. Just having a reliable place for a meal or a drink downstairs is a huge plus. The ambiance of the room was modern cozy. A/C w/remote worked well. TV could have been larger. The toilet was on the far side of the bathroom wall so you had the length of the shower as a noise buffer. Free bottles of water in the good sized fridge. Complimentary chocolates tasted funky. Magazines in the room and in the hallway were a welcome touch. The mattress gave us the best sleep ever. We faced the front and yes we could hear some of the liveliness but it was muted. Even if it did wake you, that mattress would lull you right back to sleep. I heard footsteps a couple of times from upstairs but nothing from the guests on the same floor. We rarely saw anyone at the front desk but Albert was around when we needed him @ check in and out. Only saw 3 other guest during our 4 days so you start to think that you have the place to yourself!	
Aug 6 2009 	everything you need if you just need a very comfortable room	My daughter and I were in Montreal for the Just for Laughs festival..The hotel is directly across the street from the St Denis Theater and right in the middle of all the festivities. The suite was large very clean and the beds comfortable. Everything you could want was supplied, great shower, T.V. large closets etc. It is a small hotel so no swimming pool or amenities of that sort. The staff was very friendly and the food in the resturaunt downstairs was great and the pastrys out of this world. If you wanted variety in your meals ,you are in the middle of the latin quarter and there are lots of places to chose from. the only down side if if you have trouble walking there are no elevators and the stairs are steep..the proprietor is pleasent and very helpful..If I find myself in Montreal again its the only place I would stay Jocelyne Speers Victoria B.C.	
Aug 3 2009 	Quaint and Friendly	My husband and I have stayed at Le Relais Lyonnais a few times and we have always enjoyed our stays there. Albert is very friendly and will help you any way he can. We now request a room at the back since the rooms facing the street can be a little noisy. Besides that everything is great. The rooms are clean and modern, the rain shower, the little extras, e.g. espresso machine. The location is in the middle of everything. A 15 minute walk to Old Montreal, a 10 minute walk to China Town, St-Catherine street is a block away, most festivals are nearby. We park our car and never use it the entire time we are there. I highly recommend staying at this gem of a place.Merci beaucoup Albert et à la prochaine.	
Jul 29 2009 	AMAZING! Best value best everything!	To preface, I work in tourism. I have been lucky enough to do hotel site inspections on every continent. Honestly, Le Relais is one of the 2 best place I've ever stayed anywhere in the world. My boyfriend and I loved it so much, we asked if we could stay an extra day. I have never done that!As far as service goes - the innkeeper, Albert and his assistants are always cheerfully at your beck &amp; call. Public amenities include a business center and one of the best French cafes outside of France. Private in room amenities include Nespresso machines with as many cups as you can drink, private fridge stocked with water, satellite flat panel tv, rain showerhead, and down pillows and duvet. Bonus - you get red and white wine glasses as well as corkscrew in your room. It is such a pet peeve of mine to have call down for those at a European style hotel or 4 plus star hotel. The room itself was modern but very homey and comfortable - it didn't have that awful hotel feel of flame retardant carpet and everything bought in bulk. Dark hardwood floors with beautiful shutters, comfortable linens, and lots of extra towels. It was really like staying at someone's house but having total privacy. You can purchase coupons for breakfast in La Brioche at a bargain compared to the menu prices. The food is amazing - very fresh, no buffet food, ample portions, outdoor seating. We ended up eating dinner there as well as it was so good.The location was great - right on the lower end of St Denis, 2 blocks from UQAM metro stop. There's a very posh IGA and Pharmaprix around the corner for snacks and blister bandages. The hotel is right over the restaurant and on a busy street but the windows are super glazed or something. The rooms are quieter than most skyscraper hotels I've been in.The most amazing thing - the price. It's a bargain for Montreal. You get an incredible local experience at an upscale, modern, comfortable hotel. It's the best of both worlds.I cannot recommend this Le Relais enough.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great value in perfect location.	This hotel is in a great location and the rooms are very nice. LIke other reviewers, I especially liked the espresso machine in the room. Little touches like that made a &quot;standard&quot; room feel quite deluxe.Its location on Rue St Denis could not be better UNLESS you're there during the comedy festival. Our room was in the front and it was getting very loud--but then we left.IF you're there for the Jazz Festival (as we were), this is in an excellent location. PROS: Upscale everything in the room: sheets, towels, coffee maker. Location. Price. This hotel is very good value for money. Breakfast was included in our room, which I didn't expect. That was a nice touch! CONS: ALl the other reviewers commented on the customer service. We found this to be true during the week, less so on the weekends. Several times we couldn't find anyone to answer our questions (like, what is the code for the wifi?). When the owner was there on Monday, he was AMAZING, as the other reviewers have noted. Either way, I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 24 2009 	Perfect location; stylish hotel; welcoming owner	I stayed at Le Relais Lyonnais with my girlfriend during July 2009. It was a four day trip to Montreal. I truly enjoyed the hotel.Some comments:- The hotel is very small. I think there were only six rooms. We stayed in room 102.- The hotel is perfectly located on Rue St. Denis, in the Latin Quarter. There are many hip bistros, restaurants, bars, and coffee shops along the street. We happened to stay during a comedy festival (Just for Laughs), and there was a nightly parade right outside the hotel. - The room was immaculate. There were several nice details to the room: recessed lighting, LCD TV, Nespresso coffee machine, leather chair, work desk, free (and fast) wireless Internet, down duvet, hardwood floor, refrigerator (free bottled water), and rain shower. The room was stylish, practical, and comfortable. - The owner, Albert, was very friendly and willing to help in any way.- The free breakfast in the downstairs bistro was wonderful. I had an omelette one morning, and a crepe the other. The breakfast also included cafe au lait, orange juice, baguette or croissant, and fruit.- We took the Metro to most places, and the hotel is right next to the Berri-UQAM metro stop, which is the central hub to nearly all of the different colored metro lines--very convenient.- There is a free computer and printer on the third floor. It was convenient to print out our boarding passes, and also our confirmation for a Gray Line tour to Quebec City.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel in Ideal Location	This hotel was very unique, cozy and charming. It was a great location and had all of those great extra touches you look for in a hotel. The only issue was the room was a little small but it was still cozy and the manager was great....a real gem!!!	
Jul 4 2009 	Awesome chic little hotel	What a great place. Upscale at a perfect price. My wife thought the shower was the best she had ever experienced, ever...one of those rain shower'esque deals. The location was great for the Jazz Fest (3 blocks away) and the cafe downstairs was very good for croissants for breakfast (below hotel). Some nice touches in the very clean room were the n'espresso maker, free wifi (good signal in room 203), and comfortable chair at the desk.	
Jun 24 2009 	So glad we found this hotel	We were so thankful to all the truthful reviews. Without repeating, I would just like to add that we found this hotel to be a real gem. Our room may have been a little small but our shower stall was the largest I have ever been in. We have stayed in hotels where the entire bathroom wasn't as big as this shower. LOLWe agree that Albert was very helpful and the restaurant for breakfast was very good, offering many varieties of omlettes. We liked being if such a lively neighborhood.The parking facility was close enough and affordable.	
Jun 24 2009 	Smart but not what you may think	Firstly, these accomodations are exactly what is represented in the photos on the website. Our room was smart and very clean and modern with character.It sits on top of a cafe/restaurant offering good standard, student type fare; the buildings around are mostly student digs on top of commercial properties of all kinds.This is a very small establishment, unsure of how many rooms but I think less than ten...The host was welcoming and charming, The hotel is set right on the street in the middle of an extremely busy area surrounded by Jazz clubs and restaurants and theatre. If you are in a room rather than a suite, accommodation is at the front of the establishment and the noise continues until 2 or 3 in the morning.If this does not worry you then go for it. But if you need some sleep it may not suit. Suites at the rear may be better but we were not able to try one. So my negative recommendation is based on the fact that for three nights I got about 8 house sleep total over three nights. Not the best way to appreciate a city.The four star rating is a puzzle...there is no permanent reception, rarely did we see anyone at the front desk/window after we arrived and it did not seem to have any of the facilities that a four star hotel would regularly offer. Perhaps this falls more into the category of smart guest house.	
May 31 2009 	THE START OF OUR 25TH ANNIVERSARY TRIP	wow what a gem- thanks to you all who review with TRIP ADVISOR we had the perfect start to our second honeymoon with our stay at this hotel.We turned up tired after our flight and were a bit taken aback by how busy the area the hotel was in but were glad to have finally arrived.The outside of the hotel is unprepossing but don't let that fool you inside is a little gem.The manager was a wonderfully friendly , charming and helpful man.The room was of boutique hotel quality.The bed was extra king size - enough for 3 people if wanted- the mattress one of the best I've ever slept on and the bathroom had a heater which dried all our washing (we were in Canada for 1 month so needed to keep on top of this) over night without making the bedroom overly warm.Breakfast is served in the quaint cafe under the hotel and even for people like me who can't normally face breakfast shouldn't be missed .Our travel agent tried to point us in the direction of what he thought was a more upmarket hotel but I'm so glad we resisted if this hotel was in London the quality would have put it beyond our purse. Just be waware that the hotel is in the Latin quarter and the lively bars,clubs and restaurants make it feel a bit frantic at times but we always felt relaxed - O.M.G. what a fantastic place.Needless to say we're planning a return.	
May 29 2009	Fantastic location beautiful room	I chose to stay at Le Relais after having read other Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel's website is well done and user friendly, and I had no trouble booking a room for the dates selected. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown alongside all the cafes and restaurants on Rue St Denis. It looks inconspicuous from the outside and you would easily walk by it if you were just walking on the street. TIP: When you walk up the stairs to the hotel, there are two doors, 1593 and 1595. The entrance is from 1593. But don't try opening the door from the outside as it is locked and you need to be buzzed in. The staff is friendly and helpful, and bilingual I believe (we spoke French). I stayed at the ground floor room directly overlooking Rue St Denis (the hotel's ground floor rooms are one level above street level). Initially I was worried about the potential noise from outside, but the insulation is great and very little noise filters through. If you can only sleep in complete silence, though, this may not be the room for you. The room was an immaculately furnished bachelor (on the small side but who cares) with brick wall, LCD TV and a gorgeous bathroom. The bathroom has everything you need, including hairdryer. The room was also exceptionally clean. Oh, and make sure you try the espresso from their Nespresso machine, as it makes for one great coffee in the morning.Reception is not open at night so make sure you arrange for everything in advance. The restaurant downstairs is fine but not exceptional. I would definitely return to this hotel in the future.	
May 13 2009 	Location service charm	My wife and I spent 2 nights at Le Relais Lyonnaise at teh begining of May and never took the car out of parking. Pleasant walk to everything and the ambiance of the Quartier Latin is vibrant and exciting. Charmingly done room, immaculately kept and quiet with abundant light.Albert, our host, could not have been more helpful and informative.Breakfast next door at their restaurant, La Brioche Lyonnaise, is fantastic.	
Apr 19 2009 	A small super clean and ideally located hotel with kind helpful staff.	My family and I stayed at this hotel twice, once before our trip to Quebec City and afterwards. On both occasions we were allocated the same rooms. They were immaculate. Our flight was delayed by some 6 hrs, resulting in us arriving at some ungodly hour of the night; despite our late arrival we were greeted with a kind welcome and a big smile. This hotel is ideally located for anyone seeking the buzz of the Latin Quarter; that said, Le Relais Lyonnais is surprisingly quiet. We went on to stay in some pretty posh hotels in Quebec City and I still preferred the bathrooms at this hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	If only every city had a gem like this!	I am a conductor/musical director who spends a lot of time 'on the road'. I arrived in Montreal a few days ago for some R n R between shows. Having spent so much time in chain hotels over the years it was a real breath of fresh air just to walk into the reception of Le Relais Lyonnais.What an oasis of style,comfort and real old fashioned charm! The welcome we had from Albert,the owner was irresistible. Within minutes I felt we'd been pals for years!Our suite is adorable! It is spacious,comfortable,stylish and luxurious.A word of advice...when you come to stay(which you surely must ) push the boat out and go for a suite.It is well worth it! Albert has gone for a real touch of luxury....comfortable bed,high end bedding,flat screen TV,espresso machine,bathrobes,fluffy towels,all the little details...the whole nine yards!The location,in the very heart of the Latin Quarter,is perfect. I am actually writing this in the sitting room of our suite,with the windows open,listening to all the comings and goings in the street below,while inhaling the smells from the myriad restaurants in the street.I would recommend this hotel to EVERYONE.....except the guy who is organising a convention for two hundred Civil Servants!In a world full of bland ,production line hotels this little gem is unique and Albert is one one a dying breed of hoteliers who have a genuine passion for hospitality.Long may he prosper!PS. can't wait to come back!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent choice!	We stayed here for 2 nights and LOVED IT! Great location, walking distance (about 3-4 blocks) to either downtown, underground, or Old Town. Only a few steps from Jazz clubs, good eateries, relaxing coffee shops.....it is actually within the Latin Quarter directly on St. Denis. The room was very spacious (we had a suite), very clean and lots of nice touches. The towels were very large, soft and thick and the bed linens were very good quality. The entire place gave us a 1st class feeling, no cut corners, from the bedroom area to the bathroom. We also stayed at Phillips Square, and give it high marks too, but this place edges it out. I highly recommend both. You park across the street in a garage ($20/day), but we didn't need the car until we left. The restaurant looked good, but we didn't eat there, but wouldn't hesitate to if we ended up here at a meal time. The owner (very helpful and nice) did recommend a place to eat while we were in Old Town, and I will too....it's called Olive + Guarmando. Just ask anyone down there for directions, ALL the locals know the place. It's not fancy, but amazingly fresh soup, salads, sandwiches &amp; pastries.If you are headed to Montreal and want a nice place to stay (and try to stay within a budget) you will be delighted with this place.	
Mar 25 2009 	Amazing	This Hotel is fantastic I have read the reviews and thought it seemed to good to be true. But trust me this hotel is everything it has claimed to be. The staff are fantastic. Location is brilliant - it is right in the thick of things, but the bustle is great. Rooms are really lovely (ok a bit small but luxurious - and really intelligently updated). From our welcome we were made to feel at home. The owner runs the restraunt below the hotel and is there most days but nothing is too much trouble. Always giving directions or offering advice. The rooms are spotless and the level of decor is high. Plus a few nice touchs like free internet. The rates are reasonable when compared with the competition. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Feb 21 2009 	Terrific stay at Le Relais Lyonnais	All the good stuff said on here is true about this small boutique hotel! Location is a lot of fun - walking distance to many restaurants, the Metro, Schwartz's deli to name a few. Jose at reception was very kind - gave me a free breakfast because he said I looked like a nice person! The pastries in the restaurant - yummmm. I had the small front room on the first floor (room 101) which is almost on the sidewalk! Wasn't that noisy at all, slept with no problem. Enjoyed watching the action on the street through the lovely shutters. Room was a bit on the small side but very nice and clean with fridge (with bottled water inside), coffee maker, great shower, etc. The next time I'm in Montreal, I will try to stay here again (didn't notice any parking though). There is never anybody at the front desk - when you first arrive, just ring the doorbell and somebody will come quickly. Not a big deal - once you check in, your room key lets you into the front door of the building as well as your room. Wifi was good.	
Feb 10 2009 	Best location for 30th birthday :-)	This is the best place to stay if you plan a trip to Montreal! The hotel was awesome and it is situated in the heart of everything.I stayed there with my husband to celebrate my 30th birthday and it was really perfect. Everything was very modern and stylish and very clean. The thing we liked best was the breakfast :-) I put some pictures along...If we visit Montreal again we defenitely will choose the Relais Lyonnaise again!!!Nicole and Heinz	
Jan 5 2009 	In a Class of it's own	Absolutely amazing cost little boutique Hotel. The room (Deluxe) was amazingly contemporary with good size LCD TV, coffee machine, safe etc. Bathroom was a decent size. Rooms were immaculately clean. Location was very good with many many bars and restuarant in St Denis. 10 MIns walk to Old Montreal.Albert the owner is a gem - very helpful and polite and most of all, Always smiling.Highly reccomend this Hotel.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great hotel!	This is a really great hotel in central montreal. The room itself was really beautiful - very tasteful and modern (with an absolutely amazing power shower!). We stayed in the room at the front of the hotel, which I was expecting to be noisy as it faced the street and the comedy festival was on right outside, but it wasn't at all.The guy at the front desk was also really friendly and helpful. The only thing I'd say is avoid the restaurant downstairs for breakfast - the food isn't great, its overpriced, and the staff are grumpy. I'd recommend Eggs Spectation for breakfast / brunch (201 Rue St-jacques) - all things eggs and huge portions!	
Nov 9 2008 	Perfect location lovely hotel	This is a lovely little gem of a hotel. Within walking distance of what seemed like hundreds of restaurants and bars, the Metro and Vieux Montreal. this area has an awesome energy. The room was small, but very lovely. The bathroom was awesome! DVD player was a nice touch, as we brought some movies to watch on our laptop. The gourmet chocolates are another nice touch! As mentioned, there is never anyone at the front desk (Maybe once out of a dozen times we passed the lobby!), but we just went down to the restaurant whenever we needed anything and they called someone to meet us at the front desk.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great place!	I would recommend this hotel. It´s in a great location and the room is small but really confortable (the bed and the shower are amazing!!). The lobby is small and the staff usually don´t stay there but it is not necessary. We stayed at the second floor (at the back) and didn´t heard any noise. Joanna - Brazil	
Oct 9 2008	Great but pick your room carefully	Mostly great news. The location is very good (particularly for nightlife), the staff were always helpful and the rooms are high quality and well furnished with good bathrooms.I stayed in a smaller room on the second floor at the back of the hotel on my first of six nights and it was fine. Trying to be thoughful due to the duration of my stay they moved me to a larger room on the ground floor at the front on the second night.The room was much larger but there was a constant thud thud of music base through the floor that was noticable from about 7.30 am. The basement underneath the bottom floor of the hotel is a restaurant and I figured out that the music was coming from there. I had to go in there once or twice when there was no-one on reception (as they seem to be run by the same people) and the music was certainly very loud. I could hear it in bed in the room with an IPOD on!I asked to be moved and they did move me back as soon as they could to my first room which was absolutely fine.I would recommend anyone to stay here but to ask for a room either above the ground floor or at the back unless you aren't at all sensitive to noise.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great place for World Film Festival	We loved this place. Its proximity was unparalleled: across the street from eight Film Festival venues. We were there for four nights and three days, and saw five great films, walked all over central Montreal, and biked around a lot farther. The metro was a block away, cafes and restaurants were everywhere, and the cheerful bilingual innkeeper gave us several great tips, including directions to a fine and reasonably-priced French restaurant about 15 minutes away. The Latin Quarter is very youthful, and St. Denis gets fashionable yet remains unpretentious to the north. There's a wonderful sophisticated yet casual quality to Montreal, and Le Relais Lyonnais helps epitomize this. Cool espresso machine in room and wifi available in the hall. We'll be back!	
Sep 4 2008	At the heart of everything	My sister and I stayed here for four nights during a two week trip to Canada. Booked it based on feedback from Trip Advisor and we were not let down. The location was perfect: right in the heart of the latin quarter, near excellent restaurants, a stone's throw from a metro stop and within walking distance of several key attractions and the main shopping street, Ste Catherine. The hotel's owner Albert is a legend! He really made us feel welcome and gave us loads of information that only a local could provide. Food in the cafe beneath the hotel is also excellent. We ate breakfast there on three out of the four days. Top marks all round really. We'd definitely recommend this gem of a hotel to fellow travellers and would stay there ourselves again should we return. And we'd love to return!	
Aug 19 2008 	Nice little place if you can ignore the grumpyness!	“2 STARS” on tripadvisor is defined as “OK, but some problems”, so I am giving a generous 3. I write this review with a heavy heart as this place is fundamentally nice, and perhaps my review will help fix the problems.First, you have to ring the buzzer to enter the hotel as there was no-one around, so for a few minutes I was standing outside buzzing, to no avail. An unsmiling man (probably the grey haired chap mentioned in other reviews-not Albert), opened up. I entered a tiny but clean lobby (think vestibule of narrow townhouse). I checked in only to find that my confirmed booking (from 4 months before) had been shortened from 5 nights to 4. I suspect they had bumped me out to accommodate another reservation. The grey haired man called someone to find out what was happening, and proceeded to scream down the telephone, with what I can only describe as visceral anger. Not boisterous shouting, but scary shouting. This shouting lasted for some time, and was not only extremely rude, but can’t be doing that man’s blood pressure any good. Basil Fawlty rating: 10/10.They decided to move me to a different hotel for the last night, and although not delighted I agreed. I was then charged up front for the entirety of my stay. I was already feeling concerned, so when I meekly questioned if I could pay at the end, again a barrage of surliness! My allocated room (Room 1) (ground floor facing the street) was next to reception, which felt a little odd. The room was small but accurately represented on the website, and the quality of the fixtures and fittings was fine, again spotlessly clean. There was coffee but no tea…bed linen nice. My main problem however was it was right next to the street. As such, it was noisy from traffic and the garage/jungle/rock music from nearby establishments (it was mid-afternoon). This coupled with my bad experience at reception and the fact that they did not honour my reservation, made me decide to pay for the night and check out. I gave 20 hours notice rather than the requisite 24, so again got a stout telling off! Grey-haired-man did try and charge the extra night but after calling someone they kindly let me go.If this had been a more expensive place, they would have been given a 1 star. Messing up a reservation is inexcusable whatever the establishment. However, I do feel a bit sorry for the man, he seemed so world-weary and if I were on holiday rather than business, I might have been a bit more relaxed about the noise and position of the room.In summation, if you go expecting the terrible rudeness, and if there are no booking “hiccups”, the price/quality ratio is high and you will have a great stay.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great hotel great vacation!	We stayed here during the first week of July and had a wonderful time. The location was great-- walking distance from many attractions and very close to the Beri-UQAM metro station. We actually wound up staying in three different rooms because we shuffled our trip around after we arrived. We had planned to go to Mont Tremblant for a day and wound up going a day later than we planned. Albert was a great host and made it very convenient for us to switch rooms. I have to say, the best part of the room(s) was the awesome rain shower. Probably the best hotel shower experience I have ever had! I hope we can plan another trip to Montreal (and Le Relais Lyonnaise) soon!	
Aug 11 2008 	Good hotel in fascinating location	Last time we visited Montreal we stayed in a big modern hotel downtown so this time we wanted something different, which this certainly is! It is housed in a typical Montreal Latin Quarter townhouse with an external iron staircase to the front door. (the internal staircase is steep, too.) Our room was very stylish and immaculate, but lacked some of the advertised features (including a fridge - it would have been good to not have to go down to the cafe to beg milk every time we wanted to make tea in our room!). It was also a little small for the price. However, I was pleased it was at the back of the hotel as Rue St-Denis is busy until late.There are loads of places to eat on the doorstep, many, but not all, catering for the student market, but the hotel's cafe is recommended by several guides for its breakfasts and the nearby Confused tapas bar perfectly encapsulates the eclecticism of this area.If you want to stay in the Latin Quarter (and we certainly enjoyed doing so), this is the place to choose. Otherwise, you might get more for your money elsewhere.	
Aug 8 2008	Wonderful stay at Le Relais!	My husband and I visited this hotel/inn at the very end of May. I have to thank TripAdvisor for this great find (I certainly would not have found it on my own). There is a reason this place is consistently rated as one of the top (if not the top hotel) in Montreal. That reason is simply Albert. My husband and I like planning weekend getaways. Within driving distance of our home, we have a large selection of modern, luxurious hotels but the differentiating factor really comes down to service. Albert runs the hotel and greets you with the warmest welcome. It felt like we were visiting a relative that was happy to see us. Albert really goes out of his way to make your stay special. He really understands how to be friendly and helpful without being obtrusive.Le Relais Lyonnais only has seven rooms but the size is part of the charm. We had a quiet and peaceful stay. Our room was modern without feeling cold. The shining hardwood floors, the luxurious bedding, the flat screen TV, California shutters and fantastic shower were all within the comfortable yet contemporary tone of this boutique hotel.We loved La Brioche Lyonnaise downstairs. We enjoyed two superb breakfasts and late night pastries on the patios of this charming restaurant. The café au lait was fantastic.The hotel is located in the Quartier Latin. Conservative suburbanites will definitely experience a different vibe while staying in this lively and colourful urban neighbourhood. There was a lot of action in the area but it was nice to retreat to the serenity of Le Relais Lyonnaise at night. We didn’t see Albert when we left. I am sure I would have had to hug him. So Albert, if you are reading this, let this glowing review serve as your “hug.”	
Jul 24 2008 	fantastic!	Here are my thoughts on this great boutique hotel:-perfect location-clean, modern rooms-The adjoining restaurant/pastry shop is fantasic-Albert, the owner, is extremely friendly and helpful - a pleasure to talk to.	
Jul 21 2008 	Extraordinary Find	I will not repeat all of the positive comments previously made in the other Trip Advisor reviews. I booked this hotel because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews.Just another example that the Trip Advisor reviews are extremely accurate.We stayed in a suite overlooking Rue de Saint Denis. No detail has been missed by the proprietor, Albert. This suite rivals any I have stayed in. Great bed, cool style, balcony with seating for two, extremely clean, rain shower that is better than most spas, flat panel TV with international satelite, on-demand coffee/espresso machine, and central location. The only negative aspect I can think of are the steep stairs leading to the upper rooms -- but Albert took care of our luggage.I will stay at this property again. And, to top it off, Albert's site and restaurant recommendations were priceless. LISTEN TO HIM. Finally, the included breakfast downstairs in Albert's restaurant was always delicious (as were the other snacks and meals we enjoyed there)	
Jul 19 2008 	Perfect little hotel	Le Relais Lyonnais Hotel is perfect in so many ways. The party is right at your doorstep. The building is quaint and comfortable. The rooms modern and efficient...albeit a little small. Don't be put off by the small lobby. The best part of the hotel is the rooms. Do be aware that management runs the restaurant at street level so the doors are locked and the manager may be in the restaurant if not at the lobby desk. This hotel is not recommended for needy travelers. While management will help you it is more of a self-serve place to stay. Definitely recommended.	
Jul 13 2008 	great little place	This place is a great small hotel in a very lively area with a lot of small restaurants. the owners are very friendly, that recommended a small neighborhood restaurant which we enjoyed very much. The hotel is a kind of boutique hotel with the most amazing shower you have ever felt. I would definitely come back every time I will visit Montreal. If you are looking for a great experience and a warm atmosphere (thanks to the owners) this is the place to be in Montreal.	
Jul 8 2008	Good experience a few complaints	Booked this hotel after reading such incredibly positive reviews and comments, and I cannot disagree with most of them, including the wonderful location in the Latin Quarter, the clean, modern design of the rooms (loved the rainfall shower), and the warm and accomodating host Albert. However, when I checked in, I was greeted coldly by a grey haired man, who I assumed was Albert, but later learned is his assistant who also works with the restaurant downstairs. Make no mistake, he is no Albert and they would be well advised to keep him in the kitchen.The bed was my biggest complaint, the mattress was too soft and I woke up with a sore back every morning. Bed linens and pillows could certainly use an upgrade. Lights in the room fiickered frequently, a sign to me that the electrical wasn't updated along with the rooms. Lunch at the restaurant downstairs was nondescript, and the waitresses acted like they clearly didn't want to be there. For those with disabilities or who have trouble climbing stairs, be aware even those on the first floor will need to navigate one flight of stairs from the main road to the hotel entrance. The second and third floors have a small, narrow winding staircase.All in all, I had a good experience, but it was not the incredible stay others have reported.	
Jul 5 2008	Customer Service	After seeing such great reviews I had to check out their website!Their online availability calendar showed rooms available for the weekend we were looking for on our honeymoon.I called to book a room, and was put through to the front desk.The answer was swift and curt: We are busy this summer. &quot;There aren't any rooms available at all for the whole summer?&quot;&quot;No. No rooms at all. Goodbye.&quot;Thanks a lot.	
Jun 22 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Wonderful Trip!	We just returned from a fabulous vacation in Montreal, thanks to Albert, the owner of the Le Relais Lyonnais. This is a small, boutique hotel perfectly located in a &quot;happening&quot; part of town known as the Latin Quarter. The decor is contemporary, the rooms are immaculate, the value is excellent, and the service is incredible. Our room was a bit petite which will prompt us to consider upgrading to a suite when we visit again.Upon arrival, Albert basically planned our trip in Montreal --- activities, restaurants, etc., and it could not have been better. He is a happy, caring, generous gentleman who goes the extra mile time and time again. Our favorite evening was U23D at the IMAX theater, followed by dinner in a swanky, night-club type restaurant called Resto L'Appartement. But every day and evening was filled with activities including fine food, museums, shopping, and even an exhilirating speedboat trip on the Lachine Rapids.One afternoon my husband asked Albert where he could buy some cheese, so that we could have wine and cheese in our room. Albert went into the kitchen, prepared a beautiful cheese plate for us, and refused to let us pay for it. We felt like guests in his home! As we were leaving for the airport, Albert handed us a bag of croissants from his restaurant to have at the airport. We adored and appreciated Albert so much that we gave him a gift before we left. It's hard to imagine how our trip to Montreal would have turned out without his guidance, and his beautiful city made a lasting impression upon us. We look forward to returning to Montreal and staying at Le Relais Lyonnais once more.	
Jun 20 2008 	Decor+Service+Location	Just back from two nights at the Relais Lyonnais. Unassuming location toward the low end of St. Denis, but right in the thick of things. Our two room suite was BEAUTIFUL. Great privacy for a family with a 21 year old. Marvelous &quot;rainshower&quot;. Even had a terasse at the back! The staff/patron was very accomodating and solicitous of our welfare.Great little cafe downstairs affiliated with the hotel. Breakfast crepes, etc. and first-class pastries all day.	
Jun 9 2008 	Perfect perfect perfect	I agree, I have never felt so compelled to write a review, and without trip advisor we never would have found such a gem. Fantastic location (lively Latin Quarter, short walk to Vieux Montreal, close to Metro), lovely modern room, great breakfast downstairs, and the owner Albert was so incredibly helpful and charming. Will not even consider staying anywhere else in Montreal!	
Jun 3 2008 	A stay like no other	We stayed on the 2nd floor (201) which is an over-sized room thanks to an extended sitting room that includes a couch (which converts into a bed), a coffee table and a very cool lamp. The room overlooks St. Denis directly in front of a movie theater. It is beautifully decorated with contemporary appointments, including but not limited to modern fixtures, a flat screen LCD, a very hip espresso maker, and a shower the likes of which you'll seldom see elsewhere. There is a balcony, but it's inaccessible without serious effort and perhaps not intended for use.We booked our stay to include breakfast - take note that this was no ordinary breakfast in the &quot;continental&quot; mode but one served in the restaurant just below the hotel. It happens to also bear the similarities of the hotel's name, and owned/operated by the same proprietors. The restaurant is excellent for any meal, and breakfast is no exception. Wonderful eggs and crepes, amazing juices, fresh fruit and yes, amazing pastries. The portions are fair and the service excellent. This added benefit proved a truly a fantastic place to start your day. Contributing mainly to the appeal of this hotel is Albert, the owner. He is an incredible bilingual help in terms of recommendations, general advice and overall assistance. He *made* our trip to Montreal. My wife had a minor medical issue for which he helped facilitate a doctor's house call. He is charming morning and night, and treats his guests like family members staying at his own home. No reasonable request will be denied, and he is won't nickel and dime you for incidental benefits, like complimentary bottled water, Internet access, etc. The evening attendant is also a very nice man (Stephan) and helpful in English or French. As for my personal view on how to make your potential stay more enjoyable: 1) Don't hesitate to engage Albert for any of your traveling needs. He is a lovely person and won't steer you wrong for restaurants, site seeing, or passing time. If possible, refrain from dealing with Albert's partner Jose - he isn't exactly polished in quite the way Albert is - they clearly did not attend the same client-relation classes. My belief is that Jose is more on the restaurant-business side of things, better suited and accustomed to dealing with croissant inventory than he is for example procuring a foam mattress for bed-sensitive-sleepers. 2) If you are the least bit distracted by downtown street noise, stay away from any of the rooms that face St. Denis. Keep in mind, there is a price to pay for staying on such a vibrant street which includes homeless beggars that can annoy you bilingually! 3) Arrive earlier than say, night fall. This will ensure that a) you have Albert receive you, and b) you actually find the hotel. The hotel door is alway locked. When you buzz-in, you're actually buzzing the restaurant downstairs for someone to come up. This may seem strange at first, but it's no big deal and good for security. Once you check-in, your room key will also serve as the hotel door key. This is a small hotel - it is a building that was converted, so it is small. The lobby won't 'shock and awe' you so don't feel weird when you arrive - your room will more than make-up for it! In conclusion, the best aspects of the hotel: The room, the shower - did I mention that already? I did. I'll mention it again!... Albert and the breakfasts! The only &quot;gotchas&quot; I would warn about are a) street noise, but then again, you wanna stay in the middle of things, then you already know that; and b) the couch in the over-sized rooms that convert into beds are of the bare-minimum variety in terms of comfort. If there are 3 of you to a room, make sure the 3rd wheel sleeps easy. On a side note, my mother was the 3rd wheel in our case and had a terrible night's sleep on the very thin couch mattress - Albert stepped in immediately and gave her a complimentary room of her own because of a booking opening for one of the nights. Just another example of Albert's action-oriented customer service philosophy.	
May 27 2008 	Fabulous	I discovered this hotel through the raves on Tripadvisor.com and can attest it deserves the stellar rating. We stayed in a third floor suite and were surprised to find we had a huge private balcony that made us feel like we were living in the neighborhood rather than renting a hotel room. This is a cozy townhouse hotel but unlike a B&amp;B it feels totally private. We never heard another guest, the housekeeping staff is both meticulous and virtually invisible, and the hotel owner could not have been more gracious. He ran out and paid our parking meter while we unloaded our luggage, and hooked us up with a reservation at a nearby French restaurant that my husband is still raving about, weeks later (Leloux). The room itself was modern and sleek. Comfortable bed, great shower! And te bakery downstairs is to die for.	
May 20 2008 	Simply Perfect!	My husband and I just returned from a 4 day stay at Le Relais Lyonnais. We travel quite a bit and I have never felt so compelled to write a review. This boutique hotel has been beautifully restored yet retains the original character of the building. The location is perfect, as the Latin Quarter is lively and has much to offer and it is a short walk to Old Montreal, the greatest shopping areas and restaurants. The rooms (particularly the suites on the 3rd floor) are spacious, appointed beautifully and the bed is perfect is retire to after a long day of walking, shopping and eating. The service to make up your room is early in the day and never intruding. The rooms are spotlessly clean and very trendy with flat screen TVs and a great espresso machine. As if all of that wasn't enough, to top it off, there is the owner, Albert. Albert will welcome you as if you are a member of his family (and his favorite family member at that!) He is a GREAT guy with a warm personality and wonderful friendly smile. He sincerely cares and spares nothing to ensure that your experience stands out. He succeeds to the fullest extent! There is a wonderful cafe below the hotel that seems to be open all the time and Albert will be the first to set you up with a something to eat and drink upon arrival. We truly felt like Albert was an old friend taking &quot;special&quot; care of us and we thoroughly enjoyed talking with him. With this type of personal attention and care taken in every aspect of your stay, what else could you ask for? Oh and if you need a shirt perfectly pressed and returned to your room in no time at all - it won't be a problem at this exceptional hotel.	
May 13 2008 	Great boutique hotel a little noisy	We loved what we saw when we walked into our room. This was the hotel I had most been looking forward to during our one month stay of US/Canada based on TripAdvisor reviews.Loved the decor and the large shower. The hotel is located in the Latin Quarter and there are a lot of students in the area. At night it can be quite noisy with people walking by yelling. We stayed for 2 nights and had a room right next to the street. It would be worth asking for a room at the back of the hotel if possible.Our first night was quite disruptive as the people above us had a party until 2am. We could hear every word spoken and every footstep taken. The second night was better but there was still the street noise. If not for the street noise and party noise I would not be able to fault this hotel. I know they cannot be blamed for the noise but this forms part of my overall opinion and sticks in my mind.	
Apr 21 2008 	my new home in montreal	i was recently in montreal for my first visit and had the pleasure to stay at Le Relais.THIS HOTEL is why tripadvisor works. Without this web site i would never have found this little jewel. I travel all over the world and this was one of the best stays i have ever had.the room was great, the position excellent and the price fantastic. If you are looking for all the bells and whistles of a big hotel, then forget it. But if you want a great location, a modern clean and VERY comfortable room, the best hotel shower since the Grand Hyatt Tokyo and the MOST personable and friendly service, then this is the place for you.Alert is a king! not only did he make me at home, but after discovering this was my first time in montreal, he was on the phone to a friend and had organised me a door pass at one of the best restaurant/bars in town.The position is great, with restaurants and shops around and only a short ten minute walk to the old town or downtown,And if you cant be bothered walking, then just go downstairs to Albert's and Jose's restaurant outside - a really great and homely feel to it, with good food at great prices. (but be warned, breakfast starts at 8.30am).Le Relais is DEFINATELY my new home in Montreal	
Mar 27 2008 	Loved this place..........	This place was wonderful....very very clean and comfortable and the location is great... I would return to this establishment in a heartbeat.	
Mar 23 2008	Look No Further!	We stayed 4 nights at this beautiful, romantic hotel. It was very clean, modern and very tastefully decorated. The top 4 reasons that anyone going to Montreal should consider staying here are 1) The location is great! It's right there in the Latin Quarter on the rue St. Denis, near great restaurants, shopping and the Metro. Rue St. Denis runs by the university and is brimming with life. 2) Albert, who owns the hotel with his brother, is warm, generous and made us feel very welcome. Just a genuine, sincere human being. 3) The bed and linens were so comfortable, it was hard to get up in the morning. That is saying a lot as we are typically early risers. Which leads to the last point. 4) The incredible rainfall showerhead combined with above-average water pressure (apparently, a major consideration when the hotel was being renovated) made it just that much easier to drag ourselves out of bed. By the time we finished our showers, we were energized enough to run a marathon! Seriously, we are now trying to figure out how to recreate that shower at home. We will definitely be back in Montreal, and when we come, this is where we will stay. Highly recommended.	
Mar 20 2008 	Really great experience	We stayed for a few nights over March break and although the Montreal weather was not the best, the room more than made up for that. The staff were very friendly and accomodating, especially when there was a small problem with the hot water...no big issue though. The hotel is located right on St Denis, close to theatre, metro, food and drinks...short walk to Old Montreal and downtown.Price was good and the suite was just as it looks on the website....really clean and contemporary.We would definately stay here again.....in the summer!	
Mar 3 2008 	Georgeous stay at Relais Lyonnais ;)	Jason and I stayed at the Relais Lyonnais on february 22nd 2008 in the deluxe suite and enjoyed every moment of it!!! Georgeous room with a perfect location. The welcome was very nice and the people too!!! La Brioche Lyonnaise was also amazing....very good food....luved it !!!Thanks again for the wonderful stay ;) Jays &amp; Clo	
Mar 1 2008 	Perfect Location - Perfect Host - a bit noisy	We stayed three nights in the Relais Lyonnais. The room fulfilled what was promised on the Internet. The only draw back and blessing at the same time is it perfect location in the rue St-Denis. At Fridays and Saturdays night it was quite noisy, but with the windows closed we slept quite well. All in all we liked it and will come back if we will visit Montreal again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Location Fantastic Service!	We stayed at this hotel for our first anniversary and what a second honeymoon it was! In the middle of Rue St. Denis, in the heart of Montreal's Latin Quarter, close to all kinds of restaurants and little shops and two blocks from the subway, the location can't be beat. The staff was friendly and very helpful, willing to assist us with everything from sightseeing to taxis. We arrived at 9 in the morning on a Friday and our room was ready. It is important to say that there is not a person at the front desk at all times, but we rang the front door bell and never had any problems. The hotel's door is locked at all times, so the room key is also the front door key.The room was small, but really modern and clean. Strategically placed mirrors give the impression of more space. The high def TV was a nice surprise. The bathroom was very impressive with an enormous shower, though no bathtub. We stayed on the first floor and it was a bit noisy at night, with music coming from nearby clubs, but we really didn't mind.We are planning to go back to Montreal and definitely planning to stay here again.	
Feb 18 2008	Looking forward to a return visit	Having been to Montreal a few times over the past 6 months, I am always looking for a unique place to stay. My husband is a devotee of Trip Advisor and found this boutique hotel for me for the last weekend in Jan. Everything that I read on TA was verified. The room was comfortable and immaculate - the linens crisp and the room surprisingly quiet for the fabulous St Denis location. When I called to make the reservation I asked for a recommendation for a bakery - I need birthday cake ready upon my arrival - Albert told me that their cafe downstairs would make it for me. As promised it was ready and one of most beautiful cakes I had ever seen. The students at McGill who enjoyed it claimed it to be one of the best.. I rented a car and the convenient indoor parking wih unlimted in and out benefits is a real plus. I must have used in 6 times in the 2 days. Street parking is tough to say the least. My only recommendation is to really MAPQUEST the location because if you arrive as I did at 7 pm on a Sat night the street is mobbed and it is easy to pass the hotel. I also ate in the cafe one evening and the food was good and service perfect. I look forward to returning to this hotel on future visits.	
Feb 7 2008	Great Boutique	I have been staying here a few days. This place is a gem, the price was good, and they upgraded us to suites for no charge!Very clean and minimalist. The place looks just like the photos. It's like being in a West Elm or Pottery Barn catalog shoot. And I mean that in a good way. The rooms are very stylish and comfortable. The bathrooms are wonderful. The towels are the thickest and fluffiest I think I have ever had at a hotel. The bed is firm and comfortable. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The location in the Latin Quarter can't be beat, this area has the groovy feel of Amsterdam, with tons of international restaurants and alternative lifestyles. It's just a half a block from the Metro. The cafe downstairs serves good breakfasts. This is a great place to stay. I wonder why they have a problem being fully booked?	
Jan 13 2008 	great little hotel	What a great little hotel this is! I got on the net because I was to stay one night in Montreal and wanted to be somewhere characteristic and close to everything. After having read the reviews on tripadvisor, I decided to book online through the hotel's own website. I paid just over $100 canadian, and can guarantee that it is worth every penny. I took the bus from the airport to the centre of town and then a free shuttle took me to the hotel (by the way, not many people know it so say you are going to the St Denis Theatre if you are catching a taxi). When I arrived, the guy at the counter asked me about my travel and where I came from etc. He was very polite and gave me an upgrade, I think in view of the slow season following the festivities and of the hotel being half empty. I got a fabulous suite. The room is clean, very spacious (bedroom with two armchairs and a desk, then separate room with sofa and coffee table) has a flat screen TV, satellite and I think a DVD player too...complimentary coffee and water, as well as chocolate by the bedstand. It has a fridge (no mini bar), an iron+board, decent closet space, the bathroom has an amazing shower and is equipped with a hairdrier and a mini heater, which is grand. There were tonnes of towels! All soft and very very &quot;propre&quot;. The decor is a mix between Swedish and Japanese styles and you can tell the renovation has been carried out by a architect. The bed was as comfortable as one can ask for...to me that is the most important thing, along with cleanliness. The room is airconditioned, you can set the temperature and it has lights with dimmers all round. It is right in the centre of the Latin quarter, so it's perfect for a night out (there are so many nice places just on the same street!). I got back after 1am and was a little frightened I might hear noises from the road, but the windows must be double glazed because I really didn't hear a thing. I don't think it has a lift, which is a bit of a downer, but I carried my heavy suitcase downstairs when I checked out, no problem (they carried it for me when I checked in!). I left it with them so that I could carry on my explorations and they offered to call a taxi for me, which promptly arrived at the given time. It is about ten minutes walk from the old part of town and ditto for downtown/business district, but wouldn't suggest walking it if it's too cold outside. There is a metro station across the road, so that is handy.All in all, it was a great experience and I would definitely go back to the same place if I was ever to visit Montreal again. Excellent value for money and it feels good to be outside the main hotel circuits and in a small place, where people know your name. Thumbs up!	
Jan 8 2008 	Des Joyeuses Fetes	Thank you Albert and Le Relais Lyonnais. You made up for one of the worst holiday travel experiences I've ever had! I live in San Francisco and was meeting my East Coast family in Montreal for the holidays. Look ahead 1 cancelled flight, 1 broken down bus, 1 lost bag, and 24 hours later and I practically face-planted into the huge bed waiting for me. Our room was beautiful, the shower successfully washed a day's worth of travel stress away, and Albert made sure I didn't have to worry about a thing for the next week. Complimentary Christmas croissants, a full list of restaurants open for Christmas dinner, and directions to the nicest ski resort I could ever trip down the bunny slopes at. I can't wait to come back to Montreal now...in the summer.	
Jan 4 2008 	How do you say SUPERB in French?	My family traveled to Montreal for the first time this past Christmas and stayed at the Hotel Le Relais Lyonnais. We have been spoiled and on future trips to this lovely city will not stay anywhere else! The hotel is just beautiful and it is maintained perfectly by the staff (the rain shower mentioned by other reviews is truly divine after a long day of traveling or sightseeing!!). The personal touches added by Albert, however, are what make this travel experience a stand out!! He was able to answer all of the questions we had as first time visitors - the best skiing, the place for midnight mass and the locations of the best shops!! He even managed to leave a traditional &quot;Yule log&quot; in the refrigerator of our room as a Christmas gift! Montreal has many wonderful sights to see and our family will be back but only when Albert tells us that he has rooms available! THANKS FOR EVERYTHING! Sharon in Atlanta	
Jan 4 2008 	Beautiful room great location	The +++the room (suite) was extremely beautiful and well decoratedthe bathroom was also very &quot;design&quot; and convenientthe location on rue Saint Denis is really good and the room was not noisy, even if on the streetthe owner of the hotel, a french guy, is very nice and helpfulthe cleaning service is excellentThe ---no elevator so not that convenient with huge luggages.When we arrived at the hotel, the lobby was closed and we had to go to the restaurant (same owner) behing the hotel to ask someone to open the door. Also there were not someone very often at reception, because it is a small hotelConclusion: a &quot;secret hotel&quot; that deserves to be discovered as the room is really luxurious and well decorated for a reasonable price. This hotel with excellent location is the perfect place for independant travellers who don't need a very dedicated reception office.	
Dec 28 2007 	A very Merry Christmas!	My family and I stayed in two rooms over the Christmas holidays, and couldn't have been more pleased. The owner, Albert, went out of his way to help us plan our sightseeing, design our skiing trip - even pick which Boxing Day sales to visit! The hotel itself was gorgeous and close to everything. We can't wait to go back in the summer!	
Dec 8 2007 	A gem in the Latin Quarter	As other guests have stated the hotel is fantastic. A small boutique type hotel in the heart of the Latin Quarter. I arrived very late as my flight was delayed 8 hours and ended up getting to the hotel at 3am. I had contacted the hotel earlier and Albert had left the key in the mail box. The room is fantastic, dark hardwood floors, exposed brick, a firm mattress that was so comfortable, flat screen plasma TV, and a rain shower in the bathroom, I think that was the best touch. I didnt get to spend much time in the room, but at $125 it is a steal and I would definitely stay again.	
Dec 2 2007 	Fantastic hotel	We spent 2 nights at this lovely hotel. We had driven from Ottawa, and got stuck in some roadworks traffic and arrived in Montreal later than expected, so were running late for our booking at l'Express. The owner called the restaurant for us, and arranged for the restaurant to hold the table for half an hour, to allow us time to get there! This simple gesture was much appreciated and was typical of the service received from him throughout the stay. The room was lovely- dark hardwood floors, modern furniture, a large, comfortable bed, and all the mod cons you need. The bathroom was large, with a fablous showerhead that made you want to stay in the shower all day.The hotel was in the perfect position. We walked everywhere, and did not get back in our car until it was time to leave Montreal.If I am in Montreal again I hope I will be fortunate enough to get a room again after all these good reviews!!	
Nov 23 2007	A Gem	I stayed 4 nights at this small boutique hotel in the French Quarter. The room was immaculate with beautiful hardwood floors, comfortable bed and linens. The bathrrom was spacious with a luxurious shower. I highly recommend it .	
Nov 5 2007	Loved the rooms	Wonderful large suite. Large well equipped bathroom. Best shower ever. Very quiet even though we overlooked the street. Helpful personel. Brought ice or anything else we needed.Central location. Would stay there again and recommend it highly.	
Oct 2 2007 	Hotel Le Relais Lyonnais: Gorgeous!!!	Le Relais Lyonnais is a gorgeus place to stay, not only because it is a very nice hotel in a brownstone located in the center of Montreal, or because the modern and stylish rooms with de-luxe amenities are very clean and comfortable, or for the excellent &quot;la brioche Lyonnaise&quot; located in the basement of the hotel, with its delicious breakfast and deserts, but, above all, for the warm welcome of Mr. Albert, the owner, who, with his kindness, made everything possible to make our stay unforgettable. If you are planning a visit to Montreal you should not miss this small piece of heaven on earth!	
Sep 22 2007 	Great Little Hotel	We have just returned from a stay in the Hotel Relais Lyonnais in Montreal. It's rated 3-star but don't let that fool you. It's a small gem of a hotel. Upon arrival we were met and welcomed by Albert who wore a smile as though it were part of his uniform. He came to the curb where we parked our car in front of the hotel and fed the meter so we could unload, register, and check out our room. For an extra $20 a day (strongly suggested) the hotel provides secure, underground parking in a carpark a short distance from the hotel. You are given a swipe card and this allows you to enter and leave the facility as often as you like but since we were in town for only two days we did not feel the need to use the car once it was parked.We were given a street side room and were surprised at just how quiet it was. The room itself was very stylish with a very comfortable queen bed, fridge, very ample closet space, a decent sized flat screen TV and a bathroom my wife would like to duplicate in our next home. Both of us enjoyed the large shower with its rainforest showerhead and the scented towels. We also enjoyed looking out the large bay window to see the activity on the street. The only negative I can think of is that the room was a bit on the small side. Nevertheless, it was a fine room and we would go back to the Relais on our next visit to Montreal.	
Sep 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We had quickly decided to just pick up and go to Montreal for a few days and were recommended to stay at the Le Relais Lyonnais. A friend of ours had stayed there in July and had nothing but excellent things to say about it. And he was right! Albert, the owner, is so gracious, humble and hospitable. He made our stay even more enjoyable. The hotel is so quaint and beautiful...just what we wanted - something small and intimate but in the middle of everything. The location was great - we were able to walk everywhere - beautiful Old Montreal is only a 10 minute walk away. And the Metro subway station is just around the corner from the hotel. The suite we stayed in was beautifully decorated - very simple, clean, modern lines. It also had a terrace which overlooked St. Denis (the Latin Quarter). I also couldn't get over just how clean the room was - I don't think I've ever been in such a clean hotel room (including the 5 star hotels we've stayed in). Every time we visit Montreal now, I will definitely stay at the Le Relais Lyonnais.	
Jul 29 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Hotel Le Relais Lyonnais in Montreal. It's hard to even know where to start... The location couldn't be better- surrounded by fantastic restaurants, including the one in the hotel, and a 10 minute walk to beautiful Old Montreal. We went to Montreal for a one night getaway from our home in Vermont to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary. We couldn't have imagined a more perfect stay- a huge bargain for the price! The owners were incredibly kind and attended to every detail. 10 minutes after we'd arrived, they knocked on our door with a plate of amazing homemade truffles. The room itself was incredible too. We stayed in a suite on the top floor. We were on the back of the building and didn't hear any sound from the street at all. The room was beautiful- very clean and modern, and extremely comfortable. We especially enjoyed the private deck. We wholeheartedly recommend the Hotel Le Relais Lyonnais- and we will certainly be back!!	
Jul 10 2007 	European charm in the heart of Montreal	This tiny nook of a hotel is a little hard to find if you aren't familarily with the streets of Montreal, but it is definitely worth the effort. Located in the trendy latin quarter of Montreal, the hotel does not have a large walk-up like you would find in larger hotels, and you may have difficulty finding parking in front of the hotel... but this is the price you pay for being in the centre of everything. The hotel is up the street from the University of Quebec (at Montreal) and is close to a metro station. There is a wide variety of restaurants literally steps away from the hotel (not taking into account that there is a very nice restaurant attached to the Relais Lyonnais). You are about 15 minutes walking distance from the old port of Montreal and about 20 minutes away from all of the shops of Ste Catherine Street.This hotel is a labour of love. The rooms are very tastefully decorated and the pictures on the website offer a tantalizing peek at what to expect. The bed are memory foam style mattresses and the duvets are thick and comfortable, not like the starchy polyester-like duvets that you are accustomed to in most hotels. The flatscreen television has access to Bell Expressvu, but given that you are in the heart of the latin quarter, you probably won't watch it much. We stayed in a suite, and the couch in the other room is actually a pull-out bed. Combined with the sliding doors, this is a viable second room. The bathroom was beautifully decorated, but there could have been a little more counter space. Although this was an issue for my girlfriend, the shower more than made up for this inconvenience. The hotel staff (namely Albert and José) are very friendly and made our stay very pleasant. I've seen some comments that they are not always at the desk, but you will be able to find someone in the restaurant downstairs to help you. All-in-all, it is a minor inconvenience, and the service they provide is excellent.The only point that I would raise is that St. Denis is a very popular street and there is a lot of street noise if you are staying in a suite. Having said this, the noise is no different than what you would expect from a hotel in the middle of a vibrant city and the location makes up for any inconvenience.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a fun place to stay in Montreal.	
Jul 9 2007	Well located boutique hotel	Got this off Tripadvisor at the last minute. Location is great at the bottom end of St Denis. We stayed two nights in one of the suites complete with lounge and terrace. Very lovely rooms and a fab monsoon shower. Owner was very friendly although there isn't really any service as such (it's so small), but someone will come up from the restaurant below if you really need it.	
Jul 5 2007 	Home away from Home		
Jun 5 2007 	Excellent!!!!!		
May 30 2007 	pretty little hide away		
May 2 2007 	Terrific value chic and clean		
Apr 1 2007 	Good Little Hotel		
Jan 11 2007 	Wonderful host location and room!		
Oct 19 2009 	Tres belle deco accueil incomparable a recommander !!		
Oct 18 2009 	Extrèmement convenable!		
Apr 12 2009 	Parfait!		
Feb 20 2009 	on aurait aimé y passer plus de temps...		
Oct 15 2008 	vivement conseillé		
Oct 11 2008 	Séjour parfait!		
Aug 31 2008	Super !		
Jun 25 2008 	tres sympa		
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Jan 23 2007	Un petit bijou d'hôtel		
