Nov 24 2009 	great place to stay very clean very safe.	everything a+ ,clean,safe, friendly, good service, close to bus depot and main subway station. laundry closeby, good resturants minutes away.	
Oct 19 2009 	Balcony = two thumbs up	Hotel Elegant gave me a TV, brand new bar fridge, clean room, clean corridors, no smoke smell, balcony, parking on premise ($) AND a cute concierge lady. Not to mention that it is in a great spot if you want to get around. A short walk (10-15 minutes) from &quot;Montreal&quot; night life and short drive (5-10 minutes) from Old Montreal - which is beautiful, by the way - the location of the hotel is in a great spot. We slept like babies. What else can I say, I'm happy with Hotel Elegant.	
Sep 7 2009 	What a dump.	Firstly, I am easy to please so don't get the idea I am a complainer. This joint is a dump. You can see through the towels. There is nowhere to put your bags. Breakfast is a cold croissant or a muffin (only one per guest). The streets surrounding are full of beggars. On the up side though, you can walk to the corner and get on the metro to the city.	
Aug 3 2009 	fine for the money	I just came back from Montreal. I was there for business but extended my trip to enjoy the city for few extra days. I stayed at hotel elegant. I was a little disappointed when I arrived as it wasn't very solubrious. However the rooms were clean and attebded every day and the location was good too. Just across the road from Metro and bus station so was convenient for getting around. Also right in middle of the action for Just for Laughs festival which was on while I was there. Overall, good value for money but if you want something a bit special, try elsewhere	
Jun 24 2009 	Not Awful	We paid less than we would for a hostel. The room was fine, nothing special but we paid less than 50 dollars a night between us and you get a pastry and a cup of coffee in the morning	
Jun 18 2009 	not too bad really	We stayed here after our reservations were lost at Celebrities hotel on St. Denis. At first we were not too happy about the location, but it was right up the street from a St Catharines ( great shopping/ food/ bars on this street) . We were 20 minutes ( walking) from Old Montreal, and about 10 minutes from any shopping malls and restaurants. we didn't have much of a view due to the construction going on, but my room was clean and the staff was very pleasant. You do have to buzz in after 10 p.m. Sophie was working when we arrived and she helped us find a great place to relax and unwind after our slightly upsetting start to our vacation. it was called the Les 3 Brasseurs ( the three brothers). Breakfast was not fantastic, croissants, muffins, coffee and juice, but not horrible either. some cereal or fresh fruit would have been great. all in all, we got what we paid for.	
May 4 2009 	Don't be fooled by the pictures of this hotel on their website	This place sucks...big time.The fact that you had to be buzzed into the hotel before you could enter it says a little about the clientele and the neighbourhood that this hotel caters to. As soon as we pulled up outside of &quot;Hotel&quot; &quot;Elegant&quot; (two words that should never be used together in the same sentence to describe this place) and I saw two shirtless frat boys lounging on their room balcony swilling beer, I knew that I wouldn't enjoy my stay in this illustrious establishment. There's a smell throughout the place that, while not exactly stinky, wasn't very pleasant either. I couldn't put my finger on it. It reminded me of industrial-strength disinfectant with a cheap scent added to mask the smell. It was most obvious in the hallway, elevator and lobby but was noticeable in the rooms too. They insinuated that there's a microwave available to guests but what they leave out is that it's ONE microwave in the kitchen/breakfast room area (which could barely fit four cafe tables for 2). And forget about that &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; that they offer--it consists of assorted muffins and croissants from Costco and are stored in the fridge. As other reviewers have commented, the neighbourhood is dodgy; the rooms are small; the washrooms are dirty (the dirt in our bathtub looked like actual dirt...as in people showered with their shoes on. Which is exactly what I did as well); the beds are hard and the pillows are deflated; our room had a lovely view of the parking lot in the back, along with run-down houses in various stages of disrepair; to access the parking lot in the back without having to go around the block, you have to walk through the back hallway which is lined with trash bags that have been sitting there since who knows when. There was a dirty oscillating fan sitting in the middle of our air-conditioned room which we tried using but it was still too hot so we finally called downstairs to the receptionist (I refuse to call her a concierge) to ask why it was so hot when it's supposedly an air-conditioned room. It turns out that the place has central air conditioning and you have no control over how cold you want to make your room. I also strongly suspect that they didn't change the sheets from the last guest so I just lay my jacket down over the pillows and hoped for the best. And while there were no bed bugs feasting on me by the time I woke up in the morning, I certainly fell asleep worrying about that possibility. I could go on and on about this jewel of a hotel but I think you get the picture. Our room was $80 a night and that was about $60 too much. For another $20 extra, we could've stayed at a Best Western. What's $20 compared to a good night's sleep?	
Apr 20 2009 	The worst that I ever stayed at...	This is the crapiest and dirtiest place (I don't even want to mention the word 'hotel') I ever stayed. The room and corridor was pot and smoke smell; dirty and stinky. The bed was rough and hair on the sheets. The worst was the next morning no hot water and the explanation was the crapiest. I think the hotel is owned by Indian people (family business) and even the staff was bad. The bad part was when we enter the reception, a guy, looks like a homeless, was asking for room(no joke); he was that dirty, and the receptionist told that they were full; it seems that the hotel is mostly occupied by these types of people (but personally, I was wondering if they can afford even that cheap price)In any case, I recommend anyone to avoid this place; in any means unless like I said if you are a person can accept the pot smell and other dirty things. We had to wash all the clothes including our bags when we reach home because; the smell stayed; I'm not joking and I had enough trouble with my wife for booking this room.Lesson learned in a hard way!	
Mar 27 2009 	Never Book This Hotel	Hotel Elegant is hands down THE worst hotel in all of Canada. It is an absolutely revolting establishment with no regard for it's customers. I had the worst stay I've ever had anywhere. Firstly, when we arrived we found that you have to buzz to get into the hotel, and were subsequently locked outside in the cold for over twenty minutes. The excuse for this was that the receptionist couldn't hear us buzzing, knocking, calling or yelling. Then there were Hotel Elegant's rules; which include no visitors after 10 pm, no alcohol, and no outside food. This place is more like your mother-in-law's than a hotel. The rooms themselves are even worse. There are stains literally everywhere, and in four days of stay our sheets and towels were never changed once. And the free highspeed wireless internet they advertise? It requires an ethernet cord. Don't bother waking up for the continental breakfast either. It's quite literally canned orange juice, muffins from the grocery, and cheap tea. All of which, is quite obviously bought weeks in advance and tastes incredibly stale.The staff is what tops this place off. They all act extremely snobbish and turn any small complaint you make into a lecture on how you should be glad the hotel is so cheap. (And by the way, their prices fluctuate on how much they want to extort you, as we discovered when a friend came to get a room for the night and got the exact same room we booked for twenty dollars less)Lastly, and this really takes the cake, on our last night's stay we found a pair of dirty, red boxershorts underneath one of our beds. These shorts did not belong to any of us.If I were you, I'd take my money and go down the street to the Comfort Inn where it might be a tiny bit more expensive but at least your sheets are clean.	
Mar 15 2009 	Basic Clean Quiet Cheap Room	I stayed at the Hotel Elegant with my spouse just for one evening. The price was right (very inexpensive), the room was very clean, and the staff very pleasant. The style of the room is a bit out-dated, but it has all the basics (except an alarm clock but you could get a wake up call). It's definitely very low key, but if you are just looking for a nice quiet place to rest your head after site-seeing and don't plan on spending much time in the hotel, it's just the right place. Also, it included a yummy continental breakfast!	
Dec 5 2008 	Dirty Bathroom!!!!!	We booked the Hotel on Hotwire.com and having used the website several times before with good results was not at all worried, untill we arrived.Hotel Elegant was not elegant at all. Our bathroom was filthy, scum all around the sink, the toilet was covered in pubic hair and dirt, it clearly hadn't been cleaned properly for some time. And the bathtub was stained with dirt.The room had no heating, which in winter is not great, the room was really cold.We are currently backpacking around the world on a budget so our standards are not that high with regards to accomadation, but how hard is it to clean a toilet.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great for the money	This is a great stay for the money. It was very cheap so don't expect a palace. The hotel is clean on the inside, has quite rooms, is in a great location, and has close off street parking.	
Aug 7 2008 	What a dump!	This hotel is anything but &quot;elegant.&quot; I have been in Motel 6s with more charm and grace. Tacky, tacky, tacky from the lobby and front desk to the rooms. The entire place reminded me more of a youth hostel than a hotel. For instance there was a crudely made sign with no frame even tacked to the wall, saying no visitors after 10 pm.The rooms were small and very cheaply and poorly furnished. Wireless internet ended up needing a wire.Also there was a crappy, crappy attitude on the part of the staff....very rude and obnoxous. Stay here only if you are desperate. This place bills itself as three-star but probably doesn;t even deserve one star.	
Jul 21 2008 	Never Again !!!	On the way back to Toronto , coming from Québec we stayed one night in Hotel Elegant in Montréal. Despite we had read some positive reviews o this hotel prior to book, we were very badly impressed by this Hotel that is not at all &quot;Elegant&quot; like its name .At the front Desk we had the sensation having disturbed the guy who was &quot;working&quot;(?) on Internet.The darkness of the corridors leading to the rooms looked like those of a Hospital and the &quot;grey doors&quot; had something disquieting. The room was very basic , and the bathroom was dirty. We found some papers under the wash basin and the most disgusting were some blood traces on the hair drier itself, on the wall were the hair drier was located and on the hair dried cable . We assumed someone had successfully tried to kill mosquitoes. To conclude our experience in this Hotel, we asked the front desk guy if it was possible to have breakfast around 06:30 a.m. since we had to leave early to Toronto, but the guy answered this was not possible before 07:30 a.m. ... not even a cup of coffee!  We were therefore obliged to stop later at a Motel on the road despite we had breakfast included in the rate we paid..	
May 26 2008 	budget hotel	We originally booked another hotel which ended up having an emergency plumbing issue so the staff booked in this place which was slightly more expensive. The hotel I originally picked was cheap and kinda cute. This new place was across from the Greyhound bus station and Metro and more on a busy street. I liked Saint Denis street better. The rooms were sort of like the Days Inn with minimal furniture, hard bed and a smoking room. We were advised by the staff that parking on the street could be done (plenty of spots) but not to leave anything visible. That implied statement made me sort of wonder about the neighborhood but being with two other girls and near the Metro stop we had a blast and made it work. I am sorry I had to pay 89 a night but we weren't there that long to really have to stare at it. The staff was pretty nice and knew English. The room was clean and not complicated and everything worked. If you want a budget hotel this would be fine but don't expect to be waited on like the Fairmont.	
Oct 1 2007 	Decent hotel but...	Hotel Elegant is advertised as a &quot;new construction&quot;, and that is certainly true. The furniture &amp; fixtures appear new, but that's not to say they are nice. It seems as if many things were purchased very cheaply: small &amp; scratchy towels, 1-ply toilet paper, thin bed coverings, TV with a remote that never worked. However, the hotel was clean, the beds firm &amp; comfy, and the pillows fluffy. The bathroom was small but adequate, which also describes the tiny shampoo packets. Having an elevator was a nice extra; having no temperature control in the room...not so nice. On the plus side: we loved that there was a mini-fridge in the room and a super-powered hair dryer in the bathroom.One of our least favourite things about this hotel: no parking lot. I realize this is not unusual for the Latin Quarter, but it was unexpected to us. The parking space we were given was a block &amp; a half away, underneath the library, AND we had to pay for it! The hotel staff were always polite and friendly, and spoke English. We did not try the free breakfast, but it was available between 8am and 10am.The location of the hotel disturbed us at first. There is a large construction project going on directly across the street, and the bus station is right behind that. Several undesirable locals often loitered around the area, and we were approached by a beggar within seconds of exiting our hotel. But we soon grew accustomed to the &quot;feel&quot; of the area, including the lively &quot;Village&quot; district just south of the hotel on Saint Catherine street. And a short walk to the west was St Denis street, with its fantastic array of food &amp; drink &amp; night-life. We also found it quick &amp; easy to reach the Metro (at Maissonneuve &amp; Berri) which is the best way to get around Montreal. (All day Tourist passes are $9.) All in all, a decent hotel for the price. Fair enough place to crash after a long, wonderful day spent exploring beautiful Montreal.	
Aug 22 2007	Pleasant stay	The Hotel Elegant gave me everything I needed and expected for my recent trip to Montreal. Compared to other budget hotels in the Latin Quarter area, I was pleased that I was able to wheel my luggage right up and through the front door and then take an elevator up to my 4th floor room. Having air conditioning in my room was also essential, however it would have been nice to have control over it. There were times when it was either too cold or had turned off and we were forced to accept whatever it offered. Having internet access was extremely useful. This room didn't have wireless acess, so fortunately they lend out internet cables. The outlet, however, is by the phone, which is on the nightstand. So forget working at the little table while sitting in a chair unless you bring your own, really long cord. You'll also need to bring your own way of telling the time, as they don't provide any kind of clock. But I did get a room with a little refrigerator, which was pretty handy. Now I just wish they get around to acquiring coffee makers and maybe microwave ovens, as we had no way of making anything hot to eat. While they offer a continental breakfast, it is served from 8 am to 10 am and we always had to leave by 8 each morning.The beds are on the too-firm side and the room is not well lit, but the bedding is fine and we had no problems with noisy neighbors (perhaps because the hotel wasn't full). The main switch controls wall-mounted lights over each bed and you can't opt to have one of them off. Then the little bedside lamps are not much better than night-lights. This leaves the dresser side of the room pretty dark at night.Since the hotel was newly constructed, everything is clean and functions well. There was a hairdryer in the bathroom. At the time of our stay, there was a major construction project across the street, with a fancy new building going up. It's not pretty right now, but there is nothing about this section of the street (Rue St-Hubert) that I'd call &quot;sketchy&quot; (as per another review). Our walk out to the nearby Berri-UQAM metro station or area shopping and restaurants was just fine at all times of the day. OK, there are panhandlers in the neighborhood, but they're everywhere else in Montreal as well. And Rue Ste-Catherine heading east from St-Hubert happens to be the heart of the gay neighborhood, so there were couples and singles cruising for action. But you don't have to walk that way if you're just headed to the metro. Since Berri-UQAM is a main hub station, we had easy access to both the orange and green lines that got us everywhere we wanted to go in just a few short stops.The service was great. We were able to check in early. And then for our departure, they handled ordering a taxi for us the night before and the taxi was right on time. In all, the Hotel Elegant provided a comfortable and care-free place to stay at a low price.	
Jul 23 2007 	good clean hotel decent location but neighborhood can be a little questionable	This hotel is fairly new and very, very clean. It is a good economy budget hotel that has the bare basics, but you are getting good, clean accomodations and service for the cheaper price. The room had a telephone, tv, closet area, big window and full bathroom. There is wireless internet access if you have a computer. Some rooms have mini fridges, but because the hotel is newer they have not finished putting them in every room yet. There is VERY limited parking in the back of the hotel, but a nearby parking lot charges $7 CAD a day. The hotel provides a small breakfast daily (big muffin or croissant, jelly, tea or coffee, glass of OJ) and has a couple drink vending machines. The location in regards to being near exciting/tourist-friendly parts of Montreal is good, but the street itself looks like it may sometimes get sketchy. The street is full of budget hotels and new constructions. We were there during the jazz festival, so the people around the street were okay for the most part, but it definitely looks like the late night crowd during an off season or certain week nights could be very questionable. Still, it is close to the subway, St Catherine and St Denis (exciting streets with stores and nightlife), a 20 - 30 minute walk from McGill and Mount Royal, and a 15 minute walk from the jazz festival and underground mall. The only downside is that the walls are pretty thin, so if there are noisy guests nearby you will probably be able to hear them. We could occassionally hear showers running in adjacent rooms, but enjoyed our stay well enough nonetheless.	
Jul 17 2009 	Personnel rude et pas respectueux ca ma choquee		
Oct 2 2008 	Schönes neugebautes Hotel aus dem Jahr 2007 der Vino-Hotelier-Famile		
