Oct 14 2009 	so so	It is a place to go not for pleasure. Small, not too comfortable but close to everything. Seems to be clean, even thou some soap left in the sink. Nice breakfast: coffee, croissant, tea, fruit spread (was the best), butter, toast, orange juice. Not too friendly staff.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good place to crash - don't expect much	I stayed there with my boyfriend after a concert at the Bell Centre. It's basically a good place to crash after a night of partying. ROOM: The room was small and not fashionable decorated but seemed clean. The TV remote worked but we had to pay a deposit to use it. Bathroom was tiny. There was soap left in the sink from the previous guest.SERVICE: Interacted with 3 people (2 receptionists, 1 cleaning person) and none were friendly. Gawked at you for asking for any service.SECURITY: You receive 2 keys - one for the room and one for the front door, which is locked after 11 pm. The front door key did not work and we had to enter through the back door, which was wide open. I'm surprised there aren't homeless people sleeping in the common areas. The next day, the receptionist was adamant that the key should have worked.PARKING: Paid $13.50, even though website says $11.	
May 26 2009 	Not recommended	We spent 3 days and 2 night, it is one of the worst hotel where I have been, the receptionist was so bad, he doesn't care about the customers, maybe they don't know what is the customers satisfaction, the room is too small, the bath room also is not enough for even 1 person.I am so upset because of the receptionist attitude that i hated the hotel.	
May 12 2009 	Sketchy	I stayed here for five nights (April 15- April 20, 2009). Four of us had two rooms. In both rooms rooms the tv remotes didnt work and the staff didn't seem to care, one tv only had 5 channels the other tv had a nice few. You almost have to stand on the tiolett to close the bathroom door, shower has barely enough room to turn around. rooms very dusty with spider webs in corners, no ice machine or A/C, and pretty much no lobby. Besides not caring about the remotes, most staff were friendly in giving info about the city, and the location is great. Good spot to stay for a bunch of guys out for an event at the bell center or to party, DEFINETLY not a place to take your wife or family.	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Interesting Stay	Well when we arrived there was glass on the ground from car break-ins. There were break-ins during our stay. We parked where the staff told us to park so that may have helped with our car not being broken into. We were on a floor with loud college students. I think it was the size of the rooms that made it seem that they were louder than they really were. The most exciting part during our stay there was a police scene right under our window. Apparently one of the guest at this hotel car was broken into and he saw it happening and called the police. That was interesting to watch. This place does have a continental breakfast which I cannot complain about at all. The croissants were delish with a nice glass of orange juice to wash it down. I found the staff to be very helpful and we were able to exchange our money there.	
Apr 17 2009 	beware!!!!!!!!	To everybody B E W A R E of this Hotel du Nouveau Forum Montreal. This place is not the place for you guys to book,check-in or stay. The receptionist is not so very helpful ( the chinese guy with a long hair ), the rooms so very very small and the washroom so tiny, not so spacious and it needs to share to the other room next to you. About the floor carpet dusty, dirty and so cleaned, the same also with the bedsheet so smelly. This place is disgusting and very uncomfortable to stay...B E W A R E !!!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Good Location for the Hockey Traveler	Not a bad hotel for the price. Room was small but quaint. TV remote control didn't work. Breakfast is Bread and coffee or juice only.	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice little hotel	After taking a day trip to MTL from Ottawa, my girlfriend and I decided that we wanted to turn it into an overnight trip. After phoning a few hotel we struck gold when the Hotel du Noveau Forum said they had room. And it was only 89$ for the night. Once we arrived, we were a little skeptical due to the outside appearance as well as the location of the hotel. We had nothing to worry about. Clean rooms, friendly staff, and a wee breakfast in the morning. The rooms are a little small, but do you go to stay in your room or see the sights? If you were staying for more than 3 or 4 nights, then you may want a larger room.	
Jul 13 2008 	Never again	Will never stay there again. Rooms are dirty. Forget about &quot;ensuite&quot; bathrooms - although repainted they stink and the paint is peeling off. Sink full of rust. Breakfast tables are dirty, you need a paper towel to wipe them off first. Parking is included, walking distance to downtown (probably the only good thing). Will never stay at this place again.	
Jun 6 2008 	CHEAP AND CLOSE TO EVERYTHING	I stayed there 2 times...once for new years in 2006 and then may24 weekend last year...if ur a teenager and dont want to spend a lot of money on a hotel i highly recommend this..rooms are tiny and feel crowded..and washrooms are tinnnnnnnnnnyyy..but if ur not planning on staying in the hotel long and are just using it to sleep then book this,,..cheapest place in downtown montreal..and literally a 5 min walk to clubs and party scene.Two of my friends got bug bites...thats the only problem and there's no kicthen or anything...and security wise anyone can basically walk in and out..good for sneaking in..but not good for rapists and such.,.friendly staff...and never got noise complaints...basically threw a party in the hallway on the 3rd floor and did beer bongs and no one came up stairs.	
Sep 4 2007 	Had 2 great stays there	I'm surprised to read many bad reviews of this place. I've stayed there twice when I used to live in Quebec City and had to sleep in Mtl. Both times I was very satisfied.First, the rates are very cheap for a place this close to Downtown. Especially convenient if you attend a show or a hockey game at the Bell Centre right accross the street.The staff was real friendly and helpful. The rooms were a bit small but very clean, including the bathroom. Beds were confortable, TV worked fine.Breakfast was excellent. I remember having a pleasant conversation with the employee on duty. She was real friendly, asking what I was in town for, if I slept well even though they had many guest that night who attended the Motley Crue show (!). (Fact is I slept perfectly, didn't really hear any noise).The only thing I can think of, is that this place went suddenly through a downward spiral in 2 years. That'd be sad, because it had a great value for the price.	
Aug 5 2006	The second worst hotel in the world	We booked two rooms for the victoria day holiday in may, I couldn't wait to get out of there. There were a few things that made this place intollerable:1. There were stains on the toilet seat (i tried to wipe them off with a tissue, it didn't work). It was the first hotel that I actually had to pad the toilet sit.2. Extremely smelly AC - although it was extremely hot and the window in the room didn't open we had to turn the AC off.3. &quot;Continental breakfast&quot; - I think these people read about hotels in some magazine. Their idea of continental breakfast is an extremely stale microwave heated croissante (limited one per person).4. The shower was not in the same room as the toilet. The shower is just a nook in the wall right beside the front door so when you enter your room you see a shower curtain on your left (no door).Just don't go there.	
May 30 2005	shameful sux	horrible and WOW for the continental breakfest pfff add 20$ n you can get a nicest hotel trust me...	
Oct 12 2004	This hotel has a bedbug epidemic!!!!!	DO NOT STAY AT THE HOTEL DU NOUVEAU FORUM!!!!!!My husband and I stayed there last weekend and woke up with bugs in the bed. We did not think much of it, just that it was disgusting, and we returned to the states.One week later we are COVERED in red blistery bug bites. I have over 100 on my body. I went to the Doctor and he told me that they were bedbug bites and that they take up to 7 days to erupt out of your skin and then will continue to blister for up to 9 more days. They are horrible and painful and feverish. You can contract Hepatitis B from the bites. I have contacted the hotel, the Canadian Dept. of Heath AND the Montreal tourism board, but I want to make as many people aware of this problem as possible. The hotel itself did not seem dirty or anything, so CHECK YOUR MATRESSES wherever you stay.I do not want anyone else to suffer as we are. It is horrible.	
Aug 23 2004	Decent hotel for a great price	Hotel du Nouveau Forum is a good hotel for a great price. It is very basic, but that is fine with me, since I don't spend much time in my hotel when on vacation. The rooms were basic, clean, and a decent size, and the hotel was quiet. Free continental breakfast (coffe, tea, juice, toast, croissants) are included, and for $1 more you can order bagels or cereal. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The area isn't the prettiest (near a parking lot and the entrance to the highway) but it is safe and close to lots of activities. It is within walking distance to downtown. If you like to walk, it is about 20-30 minutes to Old Montreal. Or, you can take the metro; the nearest station is just a block away. If you are looking for a hotel with lots of amenities and with great views, this is not the hotel for you. But if you are looking for a safe, clean place at a bargain price, check out the Hotel du Nouveau Forum.	
Apr 22 2004	Good price but is it worth it ?	The hotel is quite small, and the rooms are even smaller. There is just room for the bed, and that is it. We stayed at the hotel because it was a great price, and the location is excellent (30 second walk to the Bell Centre). However, I would not stay there again. The service is horrendous. The maid did not clean our room because we did not leave a tip in advance. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; consists of toasts and butter. The rooms are quite dirty and it was a rather scary experience. My word of advice is spend a little more, and stay somewhere else, it will be worth it.	
Nov 25 2009 	Muy bueno se esperaba peor		
Oct 1 2009 	Aurait besoin d'être rénové!		
Jul 7 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
