Sep 1 2009 	not to be remembered	we spent there just one night. we were lucky as we got a parking place, the neighborhood wasn't the best you can think of.the room was average, large enough for 4 people&quot;strange&quot; people in the area, we felt unconfortable coming back after dinnerbreakfast? nothing to write homehot breakfast..??..we had some fruit and coffee(!!) even no cereal for the girls.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great Experience.	Great staff. Delightful continental breakfast. Close to the Metro and buses.Food court on street level one block away. Would go back anytime. We highly recommend this as an alternative to the $300 hotels around the corner. A bargain in every way.	
Aug 13 2009 	Full of discrepancies	DISCREPANCY #1: Price -- I booked this hotel online for a Sat stay (I was not aware it was the Gay Pride Weekend). On the hotel's own website, CAA rate for 2 adults/2 doubles was $107. Each additional adult/child was $12. Yet I booked via Hotels.ca, it was $96 for 2 adults &amp; 2 children. Normally, you would get a lower price by booking with the hotel directly. DISCREPANCY #2: PARKING -- Some reviews mentioned the property offered limited free parking on a first-come-first-serve basis. Yet, on the hotel's own website, it states $12/day. Because of road closures in nearby areas for the special event, it took me an hour to drive from Old Montreal to the hotel at 9 pm. I thought I was fortunate to find a parking spot in the lot. Upon check-in, I was told the lot was full and I must park elsewhere - so I guessed it was first-come-first-serve pay parking. DISCREPANCY #3: BREAKFAST -- Some reviews mentioned the breakfast was rationed. Upon check-in, I was given breakfast ticket/voucher for each room occupant. The next morning, there was nobody &quot;patrolling&quot;, which meant all-you-can-eat. However, the breakfast was inadequate, just as everyone wrote.Our room size was good, but the carpet seemed dirty. Although there was a street concert one block away till 11 pm, our room was in the middle of property and the noisy was tolerable. I probably would stay in a suburban hotel next time,	
Aug 11 2009 	Worst Hotel Experience - Ever !	I booked a two day stay commencing 07/23/2009 at the Comfort Hotel and Suites, Downtown Montréal (CN824).The disappointment started at check in with a front desk clerk who had no concept whatsoever of the meaning of customer service. He almost did us a favour by checking us in.The room itself, while large enough and comfortable enough, did not ‘feel’ clean – it felt grubby.The parking (for which we paid extra) was inadequate as to room to park or maneuver to come and go, other card had to be jockeyed around and we had to drive over a curb.On our first full day, by 4 pm our room had not been made up. The front desk clerk (the one we previously met) said there was nothing he could do about it. The maid had a schedule and when she gets to it, she gets to it.The free breakfast was so inadequate that we left and ate elsewhere. All we really wanted was cereal and coffee (decaf) and even those items were not available.We picked this location because of its proximity to the Just for Laughs Festival, and knew it was not a four star hotel, but didn’t really think it would be as bad as it was.I am telling you all this because I feel this particular hotel downgrades your entire brand. I know I will have to thin hard and long before booking a “Choice” brand again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Satisfactory -- but it helped that I had lowered expectations	My partner booked the hotel through Orbitz so she had paid by the time I found out about it, and when I read the reviews here I was prepared for a bad experience.It wasn't bad. It was fine. Not great, but we didn't pay for great.The hotel is understaffed, but that's what probably saved money. I felt worse for the poor harried staff members than for any of us hotel guests who had a long wait for check-in. The rooms are small but ok, and we were lucky enough not to be on the side with the idling busses. The place was adequately maintained -- not super clean but not a mess either. Fortunately no bugs in sight (and I was looking for them).We were satisfied.	
Aug 2 2009 	A Big City Downtown Experience - Montreal Style!!!	- Front desk staff overwhelmed by number of people checking in. She was by herself and managed to get through about 20 customers.- Parking is an issue at this hotel. Space for about 25 cars, the smaller the car the better to navigate around the concrete pillars! Not a place to practise your parking skills.- Hotel rooms are okay. My room needed some work in the bathroom area. Rooms were clean...if you are looking for a view...This is not the place for your stay.- This hotel is right in the downtown core. Great place to educate your kids on all different sorts of culture in a big city setting. I felt safe, but suggest you take care in the evening time. Police and security were around pretty frequently. People were friendly enough.- No pool or high speed internet.- Breakfast (supplied by Hotel) was poor. No milk or cereal. Very basic to say the least. Free coffee!- AC worked great!Biggest issue with this location&quot;PARKING&quot;	
Apr 8 2009 	Not so bad of a hotel	I recently spent 3 nights with a freind at the Comfort Inn and Suites Downtown. We had to differant rooms and both rooms were clean and comfortable. The hotel is located just off St. Catherine Street. Not a bad locale but it is about a miles to the heart of the shopping district. The Subway is located 2 blocks from the hotel, not a hard walk. If you are arriving by bus its right next store. The parking is free but very limited, so get there early and use public transportation to get around. My major complaint is the so called breakfast. Very limited, toast or a waffle, 1 hard boiled egg and a very small portion of fruit. Coffee, tea or juice, thats all. Maybe I am a little spoiled by other Comfort Inns and the large breakfast. This hotel has limited frills but theprice of the rooms are a value. Would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 31 2009 	Spend a few more bucks save yourself from an unpleasant experience.	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in July 2008. Overall, this was one of the worst hotels I had stayed at, and definitely the worst one I had experienced in Canada.-Location: This hotel is side by side with a Greyhound garage. Do your best to avoid the rooms on the &quot;Greyhound&quot; side (the west wing) of the hotel (which happen to be cheaper for a reason). - Parking: Parking is free if available, but it is a big IF, because the number of spots are much fewer than the number of rooms. When I referred to the reception desk for advice, they simply shrugged and told me to use the public parking accross the corner.- Rooms: This hotel used to be a privately owned and operated hotel called &quot;Taj Mahal&quot;, and surprisingly the company that operates Comfort Inn hotels, hasn't done anything to renovate or upgrade the hotel to their own standards. So, if you have been to a Comfort Inn elsewhere, do not expect to see the same here. Very old and humid rooms. In our case the window was jammed and wouldn't open, and the exhaust fan in the bathroom was very weak. Very old and minimal furniture.-Breakfast: Breakfast was free, but it was not a buffet breakfast. Actually it was rationed. So, you'll get a toast with butter and jam, a boiled egg, and your choice of coffee or juice (thinned out 5 alive!), and you'll get more of anything only if you risk the baleful looks from the breakfast lounge staff, which were so unfriendly that made me think they have never been to a restaurant anywhere in Canada.My advice: spend a few more bucks and stay somewhere else. The saving is not worth ruining your otherwise beatiful trip to Montreal.	
Feb 17 2009 	Not recommended!	My husband and I stayed here recently on a trip to Montreal, and we had a terrible experience. 1st, we read that the hotel offers free parking (which is true), if there is a spot available. The first evening that we arrived, there was no parking at the hotel and so we had to park on the street, then at 8am we had to move the car into a parking garage which we paid $16 for 3 hours of parking (because a spot finally became available at the hotel). 2nd, the hotel is in front of a Greyhound station and many of the hotel guests were quite questionable, our hotel room unfortunately backed out onto the station and so all night we could hear the buses coming and going and the announcements that were made to travelers. 3rd, the room itself was below standard; the towels had holes in them and were very, very small. The heater in the room was blowing cold air instead of warm, I felt that the 2 outer covers/blankets of the bed were not laundered, the pillows were very lumpy, and worst of all the walls separating the rooms were paper thin! I spent one sleepless night due to guests taking next door and I could hear every word, at 5am I finally called in a noise complaint.We did not partake in the complementary breakfast. The only perk of the hotel is that we had wireless internet service.Overall the hotel (unfortunately) put a damper on my Montreal experience. I would never stay here again.	
Nov 26 2008 	Needs help	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights during the Grey Cup. The location is ok, with the hotel being right next to the main subway station where all the lines connect and the lobby looks great. Other than that this place needs help. It took us half an hour to check in even though we were the only people there and when I opened my second floor room to see it in a disaster it took another 15mins to get a &quot;clean&quot; room. I always skip reviews that complain about service, but the uncleaned room and the fact that our room only was cleaned 2 our of the 5 days we were there should be noted. (I suppose they may have cleaned it on the fifth day, but we were long gone).The room I ended up with was either freezing or boiling depending if you wanted the heat on or not, the bathroom had mold everywhere and the roof had a big hole in it and the window couldn't be opened to at least air out the mold smell. We could've asked for a different room or stayed elsewhere, but the other room looked the same and the whole town was booked up for the big game. The free &quot;breakfast&quot; was an eggo on top of a piece of burnt toast with a hard boiled egg and some fruit on a plate. I can see why it was free. I only went once and literally ran out of there. I would give this place a 2 rating based on price and the nice lady at the checkout side. If they renovate the rooms to meet the quality of the lobby or of a more than 1 star hotel, it probably wouldn't be that bad.	
Aug 15 2008 	Better than expected	The room was clean and spacious, with all necessities. Breakfast was very &quot;basic&quot; - nothing to write home about. The beds were wide but strangely short. Free parking was full, so we parked a block away for $10 a day, which was not a big dill, except we could not pay for 3 day and had to pay every 24 hours. At least there were no bugs and buses did not really bother us at night. And location was really great!	
Nov 14 2007 	Bugs Noise and No Heat	Stayed here once in September (not luxurious, but cheap), so we booked another night last weekend (Nov. 10, 2007). Second time was terrible:- Slow check-in; could not find reservation for group of five in front of us although they had receipt. Half-hour later, could not get our credit card to work (asked if we would pay cash); I will be sure to check that I was not double billed.- No heat; desk confirmed we had done all correctly. Offered to change rooms, which we declined. Thermostat was at 30, heat went from 15 to 17 degrees overnight.- Woke to bed bugs crawling on pillow.- Overnight was noisy, with busses backing up in bus terminal next door. Party people had three rooms on same floor and slammed doors and yelled most of the night.- Room 413 had a window that was cut from a plastic directional sign, held in place with duct tape. - Shower drain was plugged; we had water over our ankles in tub.- Told at check-in that breakfast was served until 11:00 am; arrived at 10:15 to find it closed since 10:00.- Caution: Parking is free, but first-come first-served; good luck if you come in at 1:00 or 2:00 am and find it full.Will not be back!	
Sep 21 2007 	Mmmmm those nice little bed bugs...STAY AWAY from this hotel..	I went there for a business trip, and booked this hotel because could'nt find another one, they were all full. I had seen a previous review, written in december 2006, about a bedbug problem, but thought &quot;hey, 1 year after, they could'nt be in business if the bug were still a problem....&quot; Well I was wrong. I first found 2 really small bugs on my pillow. I just swepped them away, and inspected the matress, shaking the sheets, didn't seem to be others, so i decided to give it a try. While watching TV, around 11h30, I saw another bug, coming towards me. I pulled off the sheets, and was grossed out to see there were plenty of little bugs, some really bigger than those I saw before, all crawling around.I took my luggage and went to the lobby, explained to the young guy that I wanted refund. It was now midnight. After looking at the bugs himself, he offered me another room.. NO THANKS!I had to find another hotel, found it 10 km away, got asleep at 1h and spent the next day thinking there were still bugs in my clothes... Don't try this hotel.	
Jul 8 2007 	Worth what you pay for	I stayed at the Taj Mahal hotel about 2 years ago for 4 days and I thought it was good hotel for its price. Since I arrived in Montreal by bus from Quebec City, I was able to walk to the hotel right after I got off the bus, thus saving the cab money! Although there was no breakfest included in the price, they offered free high speed Wi-Fi internet in the room, which was definetely useful! The lady at the reception was very kind to give information about the city and help with any sort of problems (when I arrived the AC in the room was not working, but they sent somebody to fix it later in the day).I see some people complaining about the noise from the buses, but the room I stayed in was located in the part which is opposite from the bus station, so there was no noise during the night. I thought the room was quite comfortable. Another plus was that the hotel was right next to a metro station.I recommend this hotel for people who don't want to spend too much on lodging but still get a very decent service.	
May 5 2007 	Ok but oh those buses	I stayed here with a friend the last week-end of April 2007. Before I booked, I read some of the reviews here that indicated a few problems, but I also was on a budget and figured I would be ready to accept less-than-lavish. Well, there's lots to recommend this place: the price was absolutely very reasonable- a double room with two large double beds and a nice bathroom for around $75 per night; there were lots of towels, an in-room clothes iron and board, a friendly, helpful staff, and a FREE garage parking lot, which, although on a first-come-first-serve basis, always had a spot available. The location was ideal as well- 11/2 blocks from St. Catherine and 5 blocks away from the Olympia Theater where I attended a concert on one of the evenings. This area boasts lots of restaurants, shops, and stores within a moment's walk, and the Metro is less than a block away. Yet there are other less inviting items to keep in mind: remember-low price- so, the room amenities are understandably mediocre- there was no clock or clock-radio, the lamps had nasty, dirty shades, there was no overhead light fixture, no phone on the nightstands (it's across the room) and no stand-up luggage rest . The coat rack was small, and- despite some instruciton- I still don't know how the heating works. As cited in one of the previous reviews, there was also tattered, taped carpeting in the halls, especially around and in the elevator. All of those items were tolerable, however. What was not was the hotel's proximity to the bus station. When I read about it before I arrived, I thought it would mean that the neighborhood might be sleezy and seedy, but in fact the neighborhood is just fine. NO- the BIG problem was the regular annoying announcements of bus arrivals and departures- preceded each time with bell tones- emanating from the station's public address system- which in effect actually acted as a wake-up call every so many minutes. It was like Chinese water torture!. The sound permeates every room, and there was no escaping it-even when I buried my head in the lumpy pillows. Too bad. I could have accepted, even enjoyed, the rest, but that one very aggravating aspect of this hotel's setting means I won't return. You decide for yourself.	
Apr 25 2007 	Terrible experience at this hotel	My husband and I booked a room in this hotel since its the cheapest and it looks nice in the picture. Entrance is nice with those chandeliers and big mirrors but when we got inside the elevator and th hallway, we notice the carpet is stained and looks dirty. The room that we had, the heater doesn't work. We told the reception about it and the receptionist said he would have someone fix it. We waited until our second complaint..and third complaint, they said we have to move to another room. So we did. After two nights on the second room, our skin started to get itchy! And my husband saw a bug crawling on his skin while he's sleeping. Again, we told the receptionist about it. She has to transfer us to another room coz the cleaning lady confirmed there are bugs in our room... We left the hotel with a lot of bed bug bites! (gross, i know) and we moved twice! Never going back to that hotel after that horrible experience we had.	
Dec 29 2006 	Clean and basic	It's a great place to stay if you're in Montreal to party/sightsee etc. It's the basic necessities for a decent price. The view isn't great, the location is though. It's next to the Greyhound station and about 2 blocks from Saint Catherine. Everything was clean, we ended up with a smoking room (not because of availability but some of the people we were staying with wanted a smoking room and we wanted to be next to them) that thankfully didn't smell at all like smoke! It's a great place to crash and the staff are extremely nice and helpful.	
Dec 15 2006 	Don't Stay Here unless you like bed bugs	I stayed here for three nights. The first morning I awoke at 7am to find bed bugs crawling on the sheets, pillow case, and headboard and on me. I called the front desk and they were nice about it and moved me to a different room on the other side of the hotel--a newly renovated side. I did not see any more bed bugs after that, but heard noisey neighbors throughout the next two days and nights. The worst part is that I brought bed bugs home (unknowingly) and had a full-on infestation by June, and had to throw away our bed, sheets, featherbed, etc. Not to mention the gross-out factor. YUCK!	
Oct 6 2006 	Had a great stay	A co-worker and I stayed at the hotel for three days, and we both liked the place a lot. The hotel is clean, very near the bus station (which made it easy to get to and from the airport), and also within walking distance of many good restaurants. My only complaint is that the room could use one more lamp. Wireless internet access for two separate computers was a big plus, and the staff was very helpful when we had problems with connecting.	
Sep 18 2006	Dont Do Stay At Days Inn	We were scheduled to check in at 2pm, we called at 1:30 pm and told them we would be there at 4pm since it was mid day and we were downtown in Montreal. They said no problem, we arrived and there was NO room available....we had to wait...even though we showed up at 5pm! Place was dirty and like something out of a bad movie, green carpet, old furniture and terrible lighting. Like staying in a dirty dungeon. Days Inn downtown is only $20 more and more central! This place is also close to the bus station, where at least 40 homeless people hang up, not safe to walk to at night. Also closer to the gay town not the good clean part of downtown montreal. Dont do it, free advice! Sep 14 06	
Sep 12 2006 	If you like rude staff enjoy your stay!	Please read this review all the way through if you intend to drive to this hotel - it will be worth your time - I promise.Basically, do not waste your time with this hotel. It is located on the rough side of Montreal, and if you like homeless people begging for change on your walk home (because you shouldn't drive as this hotel has no where to park - more on that later...) then this is really the &quot;taj mahal&quot; for you!The rooms were okay - basic accommodation, nothing fancy... however, the problem lies with it's parking lot and staffing. Let's first start with the parking. If you do not look closely, you might miss it! Yes...there are only about 20 parking spots available for guests, meanwhile, there are over a hundred rooms available - you do the math. It is first come, first serve - and luckily for us, we got a parking spot.After a late evening out to see the sights of Montreal, we came back to the hotel in order to get the car to drive my local friend home. When we got back to the hotel, there was another guest's car illegally parked and blocking our car. We went to the front desk to explain the situation. The staff member stated that he was going to wake up that hotel guest (this was at 515am), and ask them to move their car. We suggested an alternative answer, in hopes not to hassle the other guests, but for the hotel to pay for a taxi to take my friend home which would have costed no more than $10. That was not a reasonable solution to the hotel staff member, so he immediately proceeded to wake up the hotel guest and made him move his car - needless to say that that guest was not pleased whatsoever! The front desk person provided the following answer &quot;he shouldn't have parked there anyway&quot;. Odd thing is, should it not be the responsibility of the hotel staff to ensure that guests do not park in the lane ways that will block other guests from exiting in the first place so that this does not need to happen? Common-sense would dictate a yes answer, but the Taj Mahal answer is a &quot;no&quot;. In any case, upon my return from dropping off my friend - the guest who had blocked me ended up parking in my original spot - so I was forced to park my car in the lane way. We explained this back to the front desk staff, and he provided us with a dangle sign to place on our mirror like this was a common occurrance. We offered to leave the keys with the front desk so that they could move the vehicle, but they did not want to take them.At approximately 830am, we received the nasty call to ask us to remove our vehicle which we promptly did as we understood the inconvenience it placed on others and witnessed it first hand. At the time of check out at 11am, we proceeded to explain to the front desk lady of our upsetting experience, and suggested that an apology and/or a small discount of $5 or $10 dollars to offset the experience was in order. The front desk staff person proceeded to explain that it was our fault - that we should not have parked there and blocked others too! Meanwhile, the original point of the matter was to provide the feedback on the fact that they were not managing the parking lot properly to prevent this from happening! When we continued to press and explain our point, she said &quot;why don't you just shut up?&quot;. At that point in time, we realized that this staff member did not know the first thing about hotel hospitality, and was obviously working in the wrong industry. She then told us to leave, but then we stated we needed an invoice for the room, and she just assumed that we booked through the internet without even checking her records and stated that she cannot give us an invoice if we booked online - which we did not. When we finally able to get our invoice, she crumpled it up and threw it over onto the floor. Mind you, this was all in front of other hotel guests.If this is the type of hospitality you look for on your vacation stay, the Taj Mahal is the perfect hotel for you. Otherwise, steer clear away as the management of this hotel needs to address the very real concerns regarding their parking lot and more importantly, their staff.	
Aug 31 2006 	Do not let the price fool you	First of all, for your budget saving, book direct with the hotel so you can get tax refund from Canada government. Use this money to book a better hotel for the pleasant of your trip.What I like about this hotel: the location, which is within walking distance to some attractions and train bus. That is it. However, the neighborhood is scary. Homeless and people look like gangster all over the streets. But do not book this hotel because of its location, because hotels are everywhere just next to this hotel in the same block. Get the address of this hotel and find a better hotel near by.What I don't like about this hotel: everything about it. First of all, the service. I booked a non-smoking room, they assigned me a smoking one. I requested to change to a non-smoking room but they asked me to stay there one night then come back in the morning to re-request it. Fine! Beside the smoking smell, that night I could not sleep at all because it was too noisy. I felt like I was sleeping on a sidewalk. I could hear every single car went by and people talking and yelling on the street...the whole night. Next day, I came down and re-requesting to be moved to a non-smoking room. They assign me a new room. Great but my happiness couldn't last long. They gave me a room at the end of the hall which was like in a triangle shape. It was too small and dark. Not done yet, this room doesn't have central air, so they have a window air conditioner installed. You know what, your choice, privacy or air!! If I turn on the air, I have to open the curtain. If I close the curtain, I will have no air. The room and its furniture is too old and looks very cheap. You will not want to take off your shoes and walk on the carpet, not even with your socks on, so ladies, pack some pairs of socks with you if you wear sandals. The carpet looks very dirty. The room only have bottom-line basic things, not even an alarm clock. The mirror hang on a wall is not even straight. A very small TV sitting on a table that looks like a chair and ... shorter than your bed! I don't know what they think. So again, your choice, watch TV or lying down. You have to sit up enable to see the TV!! If you are tired to sit then lie down and ... listen to the TV. haha ... sorry! After an exhausted day but I still don't want to go back to my hotel. Lying down on a bench at a park is even more comfortable. Their beds are just full size beds, not queen size as listed. Ah, I forgot that the front desk lady gave us a wrong direction, caused us walking like hell all day. Damn it!So, think about how much you will save by booking this hotel and is it worth it? If you book online, you won't be able to get tax refund from Canada Government because the website paid tax to US government. Book direct with the hotel and get the tax refund to pay for your peace of mind. Learn my lesson. Don't let what happen to me also happen to you. Have a pleasant trip.	
Aug 25 2006	Good Deal for the Budget Traveler	Eight of us stayed in two rooms for a week in August 2006 and were pleasantly surprised. Although there was a jazz festival practically next door and our room had a view of the bus station, we were never kept awake by noise from inside or outside the hotel. The rooms were clean (and I am picky) and the beds were quite firm but incredibly comfortable! The staff was completely bilingual, courteous, friendly, and helpful. Because we had an 88 year old and a one year old with us, we needed comfort and convenience above all, and we thought the Taj Mahal made up for its somewhat dowdy appearance with the good location and more than adequate accoutrements. We did not eat in the hotel as there were some excellent restaurants nearby (try Amir if you are into Lebanese food!).Montreal is expensive for hotels so we were very pleased with the rates and the value for the money at the Taj Mahal.We would all stay here again if returning to Montreal.	
May 23 2006	Great value (if you get the right room!)	Stayed at the Taj Mahal for a long weekend this spring. The first room we got was on the older side of the hotel, which is close to the bus station next door. This was bad because the bus station is rather noisy, and also this is the side of the hotel that was redone less recently. It was a bit shabby and the &quot;queen&quot; bed was actually only a double. We asked to be moved after the first night and when we got to our new room it was like we were in a different hotel! The room (and the bed) was bigger, nicer, and newer, and we really enjoyed our stay from then on.We should also note that there is free wireless internet and free parking. The latter is first-come, first-serve, though, so plan your arrival carefully. The neighborhood isn't the glitziest but it's close to the Metro and there's a good sushi place across the street. The hotel restaurant is run by really friendly people with good, inexpensive breakfast. I would definitely stay there again, but only if I could be assured a room in the nice part of the hotel!	
Apr 21 2006	Good hotel reasonable rates	WOW. I had the same experience. Bad Hotel St. Andre, great Taj Mahal. It sits next to the bus terminal and the subway station, so you can literally get anywhere from there easily. Across the street is a major shopping complex with everything from clothing to fast food to groceries. And if, like I was, you are visiting the Village, it is the perfect location.	
Jan 15 2006	Great place	We found the Taj Mahal about 1am after a bad experience in the St. andre Hotel. Everyone was great, we checked into a room in 10 minutes, the room was large, a little dated but okay. The front desk workers were very helpful in giving directions and getting around. I would stay there again great price and walking distance to everything.	
Jan 1 2006	Horrible experience	The hotel was dark and dingy, and the people were terribly rude. Maids walk in your room when they feel like it, while even the owner feels it is also necessary to barge into people rooms while they are sleeping. There were over 50 of us on a breakaway tour package, who were harrassed by hotel security numerous times, but what do u expect really when you have a 100 teenagers staying at your hotel. The food in the resturant was horrible, but the people at the bar were very nice, the only sane people who worked in the hotel. The bathrooms were disgusting, specially the public ones that were never cleaned. The sheets were old, the lamp shades had cigarette burns in them and so did the rugs. For the current asking price of 94 bucks a nite, you mine as well stay at motel, because it definitley is nothing like a hotel. The area is pretty crummy as well, although there is a convience store across the street. Overall the hotel is probably the worst hole i've ever stayed in, and breakaway tours is just a big rip off.	
Aug 15 2005	Ignore Negative Reviews	Okay ... the Taj Mahal Monteal was recommended to me on short notice prior to my trip to Montreal with my teenage daughter to watch the ATP Tennis tournament in August, 2005. The price seemed VERY affordable, but I've always known this area of Montreal to be a bit seedy. Regardless, I ignored the negative on-line reviews, booked our room with a VERY helpful and courteous front desk employee. We checked-in to a CLEAN, EFFICIENT and QUIET street front room. And , this section of Montreal is now undergoing a fantastic revitalisation .. ( Starbucks included). I've stayed in less attractive neighbourhoods in NYC.The Taj Mahal is located at the hub of the main interchange of the Montreal subway system .... but you can easily walk to most downtown attractions. Be aware that the hotel is next to the Montreal bus station, which is in operation 24/7, so if you are a light sleeper ... be sure to book a room away from the bus station.A great place to stay .... wonderful job by the owners to reclaim this long ignored section near Old Montreal. At approximately $100 per night ... you can't go wrong.	
Aug 1 2005	It's all about location!!!	Let's start with the positive..You don't come to Montreal to sit in your hotel room. You go to Montreal to hang out in the coolest city in Canada. It's the closest thing we have to Europe. That being said, the Taj Mahal is perfect in terms of location. You are a hop, skip, and a jump from Saint Denis and the Latin Quarter with its funky cafes. It's a 10 minute walk to the main and/or to the Museum of contemporary art. To the East, it's a 15 minute walk to Parc LaFontaine and also the &quot;village&quot; is right there too. It's on a well lit street and I felt safe. My room sort of looked like an early 1980s nightmare but it was clean and comfortable with adjustable airconditioning and a cool window seat. There was even a table and chairs (if I wanted to entertain). The tv got a gazillion channels, if that kind of thing is important to you. I had a nice breakfast in the restaurant with a very nice waitress. The lobby is aesthetically pleasing. Now here is what was frustrating about my stay. When I arrived, there was a long line-up at reception with three people behind the desk. However only one of them seemed to be working and seemed quite rattled and kept on telling us how tired she was. No one's room seemed to be ready and there were a lot of people who seemed to be waiting in the lobby. Anyway, a nice trainee checked me in. I returned that night and tried to get into my room (with a key card) and couldn't and neither could another couple. We went downstairs and the receptionist typed some keys that let us in. The next night THE SAME THING HAPPENED. I went back down and the same receptionist said that I couldn't get in because I was only booked for one night. This was news to me- not to mention the fact-that the previous day, I had confirmed both with her and the nice trainee that I was staying for two nights. Naturally, I was panicked at the thought of being without accomodation late at night in Montreal (not to mention wondering where my luggage was). The receptionist did little to reassure me. Eventually it got sorted out (sort of) and I returned to my room but it left a sour taste. However check-out was flawless.	
Jul 22 2005	I don't care what everyone else says I liked it.	My wife and I stayed for two nights at the Hotel Taj Mahal and overall, we were quite pleased. While it may not be as luxurious as the name may entail, at $90 Canadian, it's hard to complain.The people manning the front desk were very friendly and helpful, and were more than happy to direct us to our destinations and bear with our American ways. Our bedroom was clean and comfortable, with a fine view of the other half of the Hotel Taj Mahal. We requested a non-bus station facing room, and were pleased with the hotel-facing, quiet accomodations.Parking is minimal at best. There are roughly 20-30 spots for the hotel, but we were able to find parking easily in the mid-afternoon. The first day we parked on the street for free (it was the weekend).The location was excellent. We were only a few blocks from St. Denis, with many excellent locations to eat, and only a short walk from Old Montreal. Though walking by hobo-park (read: the park adjacent to the bus station) was less than appealing, it was never a problem.Overall, it was a great stay. It's obviously not going to be a five star hotel, but for what it is, the Hotel Taj Mahal provides a clean, safe, and friendly atmosphere.	
Jul 13 2005	Overall great stay	Clean and modestly priced. The carpeting seemed new, staff was friendly. Biggest downside is the limited parking so check in early to get one of the coveted free spaces. Other downside is the seedy characters hanging out across the street who sometimes wander into the hotel. I would however stay here again based on price, central location and cleanliness.	
Apr 7 2005	Taj Mahal is the Place to Stay!!!!	My friends and I hit Montreal this past month and stayed at Hotel Taj Mahal. Our stay there was amazing!!!! The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly and the location of the hotel was perfect. It was walking distance to all the spots in downtown plus the Metro station was two seconds away from the hotel. The hotel was reasonaly priced and was provided with clean rooms and efficient service. I would totally stay at Tah Mahal again!!! Definately a prime place to stay if your going to Montreal anytime soon.	
Feb 23 2005 	decent stay	A friend of mine suggested staying at the Taj Mahal during my last visit to Montreal. After reading through previous comments froom this site though I told him of how skeptical I was of the Taj. But I gave him the benefit of the doubt. My friend had made me a reservation on the quiter st-hubert side of the hotel, which I liked. The carpets seemed new, likely since I noticed renovations in the works. The lobby was gorgeous, Indian decor was mystical. The staff was friendly and helpful. Since I had a credit card with me, no 100$ deposit was required. Must say, was glad to have taken my friend's advice.	
Dec 1 2004	We Got Futoned... our experience at the Taj Mahal	Okay, so... maybe the room is as dark as hell, and you have to put down 100 dollar deposit, and the place has a restaurant but no food, and the staff stare at you suspiciously everytime you walk in, and when you try and enter the front lobby, hookers are making you offers just outside, and maybe the electronic destination speaker-phone voice goes off every 5 minutes from the montreal central bus station that happens to be right beside the hotel, and maybe the room looks like it just spawned out of a mix of bad 70's road-side motel rooms (evident from the curtains, ancient tv, and especially the bathroom), and maybe the carpet looks like its alive with fungus, and that the bed was probably only made, not changed, and that the lighting was so dim that the corners of the room were in complete shadow, and that the bathroom door made some sorta tapping sound as if it were possesed, only when it was closed and you were inside, trapped by the sounds of the eerie door, and that the tap water tasted like a direct line to the raw sewage plant......but theirs a depaneur across the street, so we got lots of booze and stashed it in the large cupboard arrangement behind the bed, and made the best of it. so go their if you like cheap, tolerable hotels, conveniently close to the bus station, and in an area of town that has a lot of amazing bars and clubs, if your smart enough to know where to look, then stay here.... oh and i almost forgot, it is better than sleeping on the street	
Oct 26 2004	A nice comfy stay	We stayed at the Taj Mahal Hotel on Saint Hubert Street in Montreal Quebec. This is located on a well travelled road and it's back faces the bus terminal.Parking is included, although it is first come first served so if you want to travel downtown do it by foot or Metro. Otherwise it's up and out of bed before 7:00 a.m. if you end up parking on St. Hubert. You can't park on the street at that time due to the morning rush.I have stayed at this hotel 4 times, twice before when it was a previous name. We stayed in room 510 facing the street. Best to request that or you will end up facing the bus terminal. It can get a bit noisy (as per past experiences).We only stayed one night. The room was clean and comfortable. You have a table with chairs if you care to eat in your room. TV was a bit older but it worked fine and had a remote control. Lobby is nice with marble/granite floors. We did not use the restaurant at this time so I cannot comment on it. Only a couple of minor issues. The carpeting needs to be redone in the hallways. I didn't find anything wrong with the rooms' carpet. Also the lighting in the bathroom could be a bit stronger. Other than that, a good value for the money, $74.00 CDN is what we paid and you are in the heart of downtown Montreal. The Hotel is located just north of the Place Dupuis and St. Catherine Street. Will return again, thanks for a pleasant and quiet stay!	
Jul 22 2004	Never again!!!	This Hotel was the worst! I went to Acapulco on my grad trip and didnt expect that much. Compared to the Taj Mahal, Mexico looked like a million dollar hotel. The staff was rude (except for the girl at the front desk). The owner blocked my car from going into the parking garage when I arrived but never made me aware of why he was doing this. 5 minutes later I was instructed to find my own parking because it was &quot;first come first serve&quot; So I had to pay $45 at an outside parking lot to leave my car there for 2 nights...Then when I went to the owner and demanded I be reimbursed, since parking is supposedly included in the price of the hotel..he rudely walked away from me as I was speaking. The room was disgusting, 3 lamps, only 1 lightbulb worked, the sheets were dirty, the door wouldnt close properly, we had like 5 working television stations, 3 were french, no alarm clock, and the carpets were disgusting. There were 3 girls in my room and we asked for 3 towels, the owner refused and said we could only have 2! Can u Imagine? This was the worst hotel I have ever been too! NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
Dec 15 2003	refreshing change	Their new $100 deposit policy ****** me off on check-in but besides that I had an enjoyable stay. The staff seems more professional this year, they actually know what they're doing at the desk and speak both English and French for once! The location was convenient as usual. I get off the Greyhound bus and straight into the Taj Mahal. The atmosphere at the hotel seems different with the new administration. The change is good!	
Nov 17 2003	Mixed!!	We had a good visit, good food in hotel restaurant and reasonable. But my son dropped his autographed hat on the restaurant floor when we left(being a gentleman we require that he takes his hat off when eating). We called the hotel, after three calls, the hat was found! I gave my credit card number and was assured it would be mailed to me. After two weeks and another phone call , i still hadn't received the hat! But they assured me it would be sent soon, as they had been very busy and hadn't been to mail it yet!! WEll, 4 months later, we went back to Taj Mahal Hotel, thikning we'd get the hat and stay there again!!! Guess what , no hat to be found!!!! This is very bad business!!! Martha.... room under Francis John.	
Sep 2 2003	not worth over a hundred C$ a night	Hotel is not worth a hundred C$ a night. Needs new carpet's, lighting, and fire safety procedures. The night we stayed a garbage fire started in a maids closet 2nd floor, garbage should be taken out at night. Fire doors where all open so smoke was present throughtout hotel. 60 dollars I would pay but no more. hotel does have potential.	
Jul 14 2003	Taj Mahal A Dive	I am in full agreement with the previous reviewer of this property. What a dive! I had originally made a reservation at the Lord Berri since my favorite hotel &quot;Gouverneur Place Dupuis was sold out for the weekend. I arrive at the Lord Berri only to be told that the toilet in my room was broken and that there were no more rooms available. So they booked me at the Taj Mahal without my consent. I had no choice since it was one of the many festival weekends and accomodations were hard to come by. You know not to expect much from a hotel that is located behind the bus terminal. All I can say is this place is vintage 1970's decor and screams &quot;renovation needed&quot;. Once you get used to the Gouv and it's amenities this place is like a bad roadside motel with dark rooms, shampoo et al in packets. The sad part is this dump still charged me $120.00 CD. Thankfully I was able to check into the Gouv the following day. Avoid Taj Mahal!!	
Jul 10 2003	HELL NO you've got to be kidding me!!!		
Jul 9 2003	A Shady Stay		
Jun 18 2003	big change !!!		
Mar 12 2003	Not a highlight of Montreal		
Jan 14 2003	Worst Hotel...........		
Jan 7 2003	more of a motel than a hotel		
Dec 19 2002	Worst Ever		
Oct 26 2002	I love Taj-Mahal		
Aug 19 2002	Taj-Mahal...I think not!		
May 25 2002	the place to stay near the party district and spend as little as possible room		
Jul 1 2009 	Infestation de punaises de lit		
Apr 27 2009 	Bien si vous voulez faire le party avec des gangs de jeunes en vacances		
Apr 23 2009 	Nicht empfehlenswert!		
Mar 5 2009 	Pratique et abordable		
Oct 20 2008 	Malpropre et bruyant		
Sep 29 2008 	Passable		
Aug 21 2007	Toilettes amovibles		
Jun 27 2006 	POURRI !		
