	Excellent service newly renovated hotel.	We stayed one night in this wonderful and warm hotel and recommend it highly. Our suite was fully equipped with a kitchenette, comfortable bed, and brand-new bathroom. The friendly and helpful owner was in the process of installing new LCD HD tvs in all the rooms and we had the pleasure of enjoying this new feature. The hotel was well located for our purposes, and we enjoyed breakfast in a charming cafe on the corner (Cafe Imagination). The suite was at the back and very quiet. Parking was conveniently provided, although we worried about the safety of the car based on its back-alley location. Overall we would stay at the Parc Suites again!	
	Great value hotel.	The area is not exactly where we would like to hang out with our four young children, but it's an easy walk to downtown and old Montreal. Parking was great. We just left the car for two days and did everything on foot. The hotel was ideal for us and was excellent value for money. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. We were warmly welcomed and nothing was too much trouble to make our stay comfortable. We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 31 2009 	Central Position Clean 	The staff here were very accomodating &amp; helpful. Rooms are very comfortable - we stayed in a suite with seperate bedroom with daughter &amp; boyfriend and when told that the sofa bed in the lounge was most uncomfortable the management immediately put us up in a seperate room at no extra cost. Enjoyed our short stay here &amp; hope to go back again.	
Oct 29 2009	What a great find.	What a pleasure it was to stay at the Parc Suites Hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised by the reasonable cost of our suite. The place was spotless. The bedroom was large with an extremely comfortable mattress on a king size bed. My sister and I took turns in sleeping in this bed and also on the pull-out sofa in living room. The kitchen was equipped with everything you'd ever need - pots and pans, cuttlery, dishes, lovely wine glasses, toaster, coffee maker, microwave. There was a door that opened up onto a tiny balcony with a folding chair and stairs leading down to the roof of building that took you to the parking lot at the back. Now to be fair, I must mention that there were 52 steps from the front door to our room. It did not bother us in the least because we are very fit from going to the gym every day but not everybody could climb all those stairs. A person or couple could easily live there on a permanent basis if they could afford the $120.00 per night that we paid. For sure, whenever I'll be going to Montreal, I will stay at the Parc Suites Hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	pleasant surprise	after a conference stay in expensive hotel 2 colleagues and I wanted a cheaper option. All the other hotels I could find at this budget had many terrible reviews amonst the good reviews. So, anxious prior to arrival, especiialy when taxi driver said there was no hotel at this address. Fortunately we had already driven past it on a previous excursion and knew it was there. Another anxious few minutes waiting to be buzzed in, door a bit temperamental and traffic noise drowns out the buzzing sound. Then the narow staircase up. More anxiety as nobody at reception for several minutes. Then the 1st of several very pleasant and helpful receptionists arrived. We said we were going to the oratory and he printed out instructions for the bus route. The place is clean and well-kept. The suite had a closed bedroom with a double bed and balcony. Living room had sofa bed which had seen better days. TV and wifi worked fine. Kitchen fine. 24hr grocery store below and supermarket 30 seconds walk away. Location fine. I would be happy to bring my wife and kids here in the unlikely event that I would ever want to vist montreal again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Staying at Park Suites Hotel is a MUST when traveling to Montreal	We traveled to Montreal this past September. From the very first second we walked into Parc Suites Hotel, we were treated like VIP guests. When we first arrived, Parc Suites had an employee park our car and take up all of our suitcases. We were not familiar with the area very much, so the hotel employee gave us a walking tour of the neighborhood and took us to this great neighborhood that has all sorts of trendy bars and restaurants, a short walk from the hotel. On our second day at Parc Suites, we had dinner reservations near Old Montreal, so we called the front desk to order us a taxi. Turgay, the owner of the hotel called us back and told us that he would drive us to our destination to save us the hassle of taking a cab. We were a little early for our reservation, so on our drive to the restaurant, Turgay gave us a brief driving tour of Old Montreal before our dinner. He went above and beyond what any hotel has ever done for us before. The accommodations at Parc Suites were perfect! Everything in our room seemed brand new. The bed mattress was very comfortable. When we told them we would be using the pull-out couch as a bed, they immediately made that bed for us. Upon checking in, Turgay gave us his business card with his cell phone on it so we could call him at anytime if we had any problems with the hotel room. In addition, the pricing of this hotel was cheaper than most other hotels. We would recommend this hotel to anyone – it is in a great location and has wonderful employees working there. The next time we go to Montreal, we are definitely staying at Parc Suites.	
Oct 5 2009 	Phenomenal Service and Comfy Rooms	We stayed at the Parc Suites for a last minute bachelor party, and this hotel surpassed all expectations. The staff, particularly Turgay, Oscar, and Kareem, went above and beyond to accommodate all our needs, and help us enjoy the city. From making reservations, offering advice, even going and getting food and other supplies for us, they bent over backwards to make sure we had a great time. Turgay even called in a favor to get us a table when the restaurant we chose had no available reservations. I recommend to anyone staying in Montreal, whether for a particular event or to just visit, these guys will take care of you. And the beds (even the sofabeds!), are unbelievably comfortable!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent hotel for famly stay!	We would highly recommend all my friends to this hotel! This is one of the best hotels my family has been stayed! The location is very good, the room is very clean (we love the full equiped kitchen and toiliet), the staffs are extemly helpful! Although there is no elevetor available, my two year toddle just loved the long stairs and enjoyed jumping through them. This is a excellent hotel!	
Sep 27 2009 	Suited our needs perfectly	We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is central, the staff and management extremely friendly and helpful, and the suite impeccably clean and comfortable.The stairs in the hotel are not an issue unless you are physically disabled. Assistance with luggage is offered as soon as you step into the lobby.The furnishings in the room and in the kitchen are tasteful and functional, the bed very comfortable, and the wireless internet connection flawless. We look forward to returning to Parc Suites many times.	
Sep 22 2009 	Don't let the steps scare you away	Yes there are steps and if you are mobility impaired, you will want to find a different location. However, if you can take a couple flights of stairs, this is a great place to stay. Close to everything clean and with helpful staff who will carry luggage or other heavy objects to your room. The kitchen had everything to make simple meals. The bed was comfortable and it was a great place to relax after sight seeing. Also of note free calls in Canada and the US.	
Sep 10 2009 	Two flights of stairs just to the reception desk!	We had a horrible stay at this hotel. Had the owner/manager told me on the phone that there were 2 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS TO ENTER THE HOTEL after I told him we had 2 younger children, one in a stroller, I never would have chosen this hotel. Of course he knew that and so opted not to tell me.The other aspects of the hotel were fine including the room and cleanliness. But the owner and his assistant said they would always help us with the stroller and bags but did only once or twice in our several arrivals and departures throughout our stay.One last note, the air conditioning broke after our first night. The owner installed a very noisy and not so efficient portable unit in the middle of the night and we slept horrible that and the next night. (It was a very hot weekend and no a.c. was not an option. Plus the room opened on an ugly public access roof top and we were not ready to have unexpected &quot;visitors&quot; enter our room if the windows were left open.) He was apologetic, but only to a degree. And if you can believe it, after our horrible stay, with not one concession after all of the trouble and we went through, while he was &quot;helping&quot; us get into our cab to leave, he offered to make us a deal on the price the next time we come back and stay at his hotel! HA, you can bet that will never happen!A LOUD WARNING TO ALL, THIS HOTEL HAS NO ELEVATOR! THERE ARE 2 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS TO ENTER THE HOTEL AND THERE IS ONLY ONE ROOM ON THAT FLOOR, MEANING THAT THE OTHER ROOMS ARE ANOTHER ONE OR TWO FLIGHTS UP! Wonder what he would have done if I showed up with a friend in a wheel chair. I advise him to risk loosing business and warn people that his hotel is filled with stairs. He would perhaps loose a small profit, but he would have happier clients and not risk having a review like this one to taint the image of his hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect place for our needs	Hotel was well located with reasonable access to the metro system for getting around the city. Grocery store and 24 hour convenience story close by as well as plenty of restaurants.Room was clean and had good facilities for staying with a young child. Owner very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 7 2009 	Delivers as advertised	Great location, very helpful owner and staff and a well equipped suite. A very enjoyable stay.	
Aug 27 2009 	Australian visitors highly recommend the Parc Suites	This is an excellent establishment. We stayed for 2 days with our 11 year old twin boys. The staff were EXTREMELY helpful (especially the owner Turgay), it is quiet ,there was parking, it is at a central location in Montreal, there are great restaurants near by....what more can you ask for? We are living in Toronto now and will certainly be staying there when we visit Montreal. We will also not hesitate to recommend it to family and close friends. You will NOT regret your stay at the Parc Suites. Very cosy and comfortable and exceptionally friendly. You could not really ask for me at even a much higher price. FANTASTIQUE!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Nice room great staff	From the moment we entered the hotel we knew we made the right choice. The person at the desk was very welcoming and went out of his way to do make sure that we got everything in ok and that we had everything we needed.The room was nice too. Everything was very clean and working properly. The fact that there is a grocery store a few doors down from the hotel was very handy, especially because we had a fridge and stove in our hotel room. Making our own breakfast saved us a lot of money.The location is a great one. We did not use our car or even public transit to get places. We were within walking distance of everything we wanted to see (Molson Stadium, Old Montreal, shopping on Saint-Catherines). Within a block of the hotel you have a grocery store, convenience store, bakery, 24-hour coffee shop, and many other cafes and stores. We strongly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 6 2009	Hidden gem of Montreal	I worked with the hotel managers over the course of a few months on planning a bachelor party for my brother. Not only were they very professional, but they were more than willing to help with the planning of such an important weekend. They made dinner reservations for us at one of the hottest clubs in town on very short notice and directed us to all of the hot spots of Montreal, which were very close to the Hotel. Management gave us a great rate on some very nice suites and thanks to the Parc Suites Hotel, we were very comfortable and had a better time than any of us could have imagined. The Parc Suites Hotel will definitely be my first choice when I return to Montreal. They made the experience great.	
Aug 6 2009	Very nice hotel great location extremely accommodating hosts.	Stayed at the Parc Suites recently and enjoyed my stay. The rates were very reasonable, the location was fantasitic, and the hosts were very accommodating. They booked reservations for us at a very nice restaurant/club. The location was within walking distance of crescent street and other montreal hot spots. Will recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Aug 5 2009 	Bachelor Party	everything was prepared very nicely for a group of 11. Turgay was the most accommodating hotel manager i have ever come across. very close to many sites and nightlife. overall, we couldn't ask for more.	
Aug 3 2009	Great Stay Very Accommodating	Great stay in Montreal. The hotel was near all the big Montreal hot spots and the staff couldn't have been any more accommodating.	
Jul 31 2009 	Fantastic Hotel and the best location for Jazz Festival and not only	We are from Toronto and this year was our second stay at Parc Suites Hotel. Booking again this year to this hotel I think is already self explanatory that we love it first time. We’ve been there last summer during the Just for Laughs Festival and this year for the Jazz Festival (between July 1st and 5th).We did not meet the owner, Turgay (maybe next year!) but the staff is very friendly and helpful all the way from your booking time until the day you leave. The hotel is located just 3 minutes walking distance from the Jazz Festival area and not only. I can’t think of a better location in downtown Montreal. The room last year and this year were very comfortable and very clean. The hotel is renovated and very nice decorated. I like the fact that they pay attention to the details in the rooms and bathrooms.If you are a croissant( I mean the real French croissant)/coffee lover you just have to walk 1 minute to the Avenue du Parc and Rue Sherbrooke intersection where you will find a coffee/breakfast/lunch place (I forgot the place name, but is right across the Provigo supermarket). They have a very good croissant!If you are a crepe lover then you don’t have to walk at all because Chez Cora is just on the main floor of the hotel.The parking is on the back of the hotel, is free and has a surveillance camera. I checked few other hotels around and all of them they charge you extra for the parking. Next year we are planning to go again for the Jazz Festival and definitely we will stay at Parc Suite Hotel. Maybe we will have the chance to meet the owner too.We very recommend this hotel!.....and we love Jazz!S &amp; A	
Jul 19 2009 	excellent place for a family to stay	My family and I stayed at this hotel for six days and they were all very quiet and the staff was more than helpful to our needs. When we arrived the staff carried our luggage up to our room and then showed us how to go to their parking area in the back of the motel. The neighbor hood has the normal city street people but we never had any issues with them. The parking area is under video surveillance at all times so no need to worry about your vehicle. Place de Arts metro stop two blocks away so there is no need to use your vehicle when you stay at this location. We travelled back and forth to Parc Jean Drapeau everyday while we where here and it only took 20 minutes max. I will high;y recommend this motel to family and friends and will definitely stay here again if we are back in Montreal. Also Old Montreal is about a half hour walk straight south or ten minutes by metro.	
Jun 29 2009 	Be aware - many stairs	Our arrival was daunting when we schlepped luggage across he street and up the stairs BEFORE checking in! (see pics)Otherwise hotel was very nice but perhaps not the best choice for us. We really didn't need the kitchen. Room temp was fine without A/C. I believe we are the people referred to in previous review.	
Jun 21 2009 	They don't mention that it's 51 steps up and 51 steps down.	The unit was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We stayed in Room 8. It was early June, people were wearing sweaters and jackets and we were so hot in the unit we were having difficulty sleeping. We opened the windows but they had no screens so had to deal with bugs. We called down to report the problem and someone came right up to look into it and had us close the windows and turn on the A/C. This really bothered my environmental conscience and it was still too hot. They offered to move us for one night but given the stairs issue we declined. We met the people in the next room to ours on the same floor and they didn't have that problem at all! It bothered us a great deal to spend upwards of $150.00 a night for 3 almost sleepless nights. Aside from that it was a great place.	
Jun 10 2009 	The ease and comfort of home	The only shock was the stairs up to the lobby, but the staff are very helpful with luggage. We were totally relaxed and happy in our queen suite. The kitchenette even has the basics for cooking and eating utensils...we settled right in so quickly that there wasn't a moment we didn't feel right at home. The location was in the middle of all the areas we wanted to see: the Latin Quarter, Old Montreal, the shopping avenue and MT Royal. It felt very comforting to have free accessible parking, free internet and cable tv and free phone calls to the States. That pretty much sums up the stay...carefree!!	
Jun 4 2009 	EXTREMELY Disappointed	I booked a room at Parc Suites months ago. Using tripadvisor and other sources, I did a lot of research to find a place to stay that wasn't a high rise hotel. Parc Suites sounded perfect - great ratings, perfect location for the huge weekend bike festival that we are participating in. Our 2 night stay was supposed to start tomorrow. An hour ago (2 pm), I received a phone call telling me that they had to cancel my reservation because the large group that was currently staying there had decided they wanted to change their departure date and extend their reservation for the weekend. So, my reservation had to be cancelled ! This is less than 24 hours before I was supposed to be there. They had made a reservation at another hotel for me - a high rise hotel quite a distance from them where I have stayed several times before and have no desire to stay there again. There is a huge bike festival on in Montreal this weekend leaving a less than optimal choice of rooms in the city at the last minute. The Parc Suites person was apologetic and had found me another place to stay but I am still very upset about this as it makes a huge change to all of my well laid out plans for the weekend. So beware, your reservation doesn't actually mean much if someone decides they want to stay longer than they planned.	
Jun 1 2009 	Some useful details to know...	Agree with the good comments that people have made: very clean, quiet considering its location, good stores are very close. It's a small place and very responsive to your needs. Would certainly go back. Bathroom was very new with shower but no bath.Our room had a/c and a flat panel TV. Oh, and wifi that worked. And car parking. Bedside table had an ipod player/alarm clock unit with remote. Kitchenette had coffee maker, microwave, and quite a lot of equipment: you could cook and eat a simple meal here quite easily, and get the ingredients from the supermarket two doors down,A few nit picks: Rooms were not large, and front desk staff while eager to help did not always seem to remember things or be on the ball: they didn't remember when we were checking out, the guy was going to help us with bags, got called away and never came back! But a wakeup call came in fine (and then the next guy on rota called afterwards to check that it had... )The only external access from our room was to the front door via three flights of stairs: (two from the street to the front desk, one from there to our room, and there were some rooms on the front desk floor) I did not see any elevator. The car parking is around the back, so you have to ferry bags down an alleyway round to the front (although I'm sure the front desk guy would have helped). I noticed a surveillance camera on the parking lot.The hotel is actually close to a lot of places worth seeing, and not far to a Metro stop. Recommend Second Cup, coffee place at the end of the opposite block away from town for local coffee. View is a bit grim with demolished lot across the street: perhaps this will get built on soon.	
Apr 29 2009 	A true gem in the heart of Montreal that will ensure your stay is superb!	My entire experience with the Parc Suites Hotel was exceptional. The owner and staff were very friendly and helpful right from the time of the reservation phone call. Our stay began with our arrival in the personally attended and secure parking lot with a friendly face offering us a helpful hand with our luggage up to the elegant and quaint lobby of the Parc Suites. The hospitality continued with a welcoming tour and offer of suites, all of which were very reasonable priced. Not only was the experience with the owner and staff pleasant, but the comfortable cleanliness of the newly renovated and decorated suites ensured our happiness during our stay. Not only will we stay there on future visits to Montreal, but I would very highly recommend this centrally located gem of a hotel to any traveller to Montreal!	
Apr 29 2009 	One of the most friendly considerate and reasonably priced experiences	Parc Suites was one of the best hotel experiences I’ve personally had, and a place that we agreed would be one to come back to, for the experience of the hotel alone, in the future.Upon our arrival we were immediately greeted by a friendly individual who was seemingly awaiting us in the parking lot designated for Parc Suites guests. He explained to us where the best place to park would be, and then immediately proceeded to help us to the hotel with our bags.When we arrived at the front desk, the first words out of the mouth of the owner, besides greetings, were that he would first show us around the hotel and then offer us a deal on one of the nicer sweets thereby nearly making it of equal price to a regular one.All the rooms, though fewer then a &quot;classic&quot; hotel, were clean and apparently freshly remodeled with few things left to be re-done.The location was good relative to the downtown/core of montreal.Ultimately there was a constant feeling of genuine consideration for our welfare in staying at Parc Suites that ranked the place among the best of any I’ve stayed at.	
Feb 10 2009	Safe Haven	I live in Montreal, but had to leave my apt. to have my floors redone. Not easy when you have a cat.Turguay, the owner of Parc Suites, could not have been more accommodating. I was put in a Queen suite with an equipped kitchenette, free wireless and free parking, all at an affordable price. He even dug my car out from under 20+ cm of snow following a snowstorm!All the staff were equally helpful and the hotel is extremely clean. While some of the furniture might be a bit old (sofa not too comfy), they are in the process of replacing all the beds (I saw the most luxurious looking mattresses being brought in but didn't get to try them out) and will even be expanding the hotel itself to make the premises more comfortable. This small hotel owner is serious about providing his guests with the best possible service.As it was, I had all the comforts from home and more: Fresh fruit in the room and in the lobby, attentive service, soft jazz playing in the reception area, beautiful wood banisters, and a very central location (several cafés, bakeries, food store, banking etc within half a block). I felt very safe there; my one piece of advice to women traveling alone would be to ask for your car to be taken to the parking area at night as the walk around the building to the front is a bit isolated. They were happy to do it for this reason, as well as on account of the snow.I have never had such attentive service... Thank you ! I definitely recommend this hotel. (Free parking is VERY rare too!)	
Jan 19 2009 	Friendly staff	This is a hotel apartment, not a typical hotel. It feels like &quot;bed and breakfast&quot; to me (although no breakfast). Basically, because there are only 8 rooms, the manager/owner knows everyone who's staying there. Some people prefer this more &quot;intimate&quot; style but some don't. I was there on personal business (not vacation) and I just needed the convenience, and for that purpose, I found this to be good value stay - free us/canada long distance calls, wireless internet, restaurants downstairs and across street, 24 hour grocery store next door.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to someone going on a romantic or luxurious getaway. But if you think you'll only be there for the night and are not expecting luxurious 5 or 6-star hotel amenities etc, like I said before, this is a good value hotel. The other downside I could think of is the stairs - but you can always ask someone to help you with the luggage while taking the stairs.	
Jan 7 2009 	Parc Suite is your home in Montreal	Parc Suites, which is very well located in downtown Montreal, truly gives you the comfort and warmth of a home. The rooms are large, comfortable and give you the feeling that you are living in your home in Montreal instead of being a tourist in a hotel. This is especially very important if you are traveling for business or leisure for a prolonged periods of time.The personnel servicing at Parc Suites is always very friendly and eager to give you the maximum always with a smiling face. As a business traveller I have come to prefer alternative hotels such as Parc Suites to ordinary 5 star hotels simply because you feel at home.	
Dec 18 2008 	PERFECT SERVICE	First of all I would like to thank to the owner of this hotel for his cheerful welcoming and warm concern about us during our stay. As having a short term Tourism backgroung, you can not find that much quality of service neither at 5 star nor the same class hotel in the world. Hotel is a new renovated hotel and extremely clean and rooms are fully equipped with a kitchenette. You can access to internet without any charge. You can easily reach most of the famous places from the location of the Hotel.	
Dec 16 2008	Friendly Service	This hotel was located conveniently in down town, walking distance to shops and restaurants. Service was very friendly, the room we stayed was very clean and nicely equipped. I would definitely recommend this hotel for either short or longer stays. Great value, great service.	
Dec 3 2008 	Immaculate Friendly and Affordable Family Accommodations	Our family of four traveled to Montreal to visit McGill University with my daughter as a prospective student. This property is ideally suited for this. It is a 5 minute walk from McGill. I reserved a King Suite and had the bedroom made into 2 twin beds for our daughters. My husband and I stayed on a queen-sized pull out sofa bed in the living room. Turgay (the general manager) was exceptional in providing information before our visit and during our visit. He is very friendly. We felt very comfortable at the hotel. Full kitchen with grocery store just steps from the property. Lots of granite and marble throughout. Very tastefully decorated and well-appointed. Our only complaint is that the girls felt the beds were somewhat hard and the pillows a bit lumpy. I discussed this with Turgay and he said he may replace the mattresses at some future point. You must be aware that the hotel is on the 2nd and 3rd stories of its building. You will be required to climb stairs. We did not mind this at all. Turgay was very helpful with taking us to the free parking and helping with the baggage. Free parking, free US and Canadian calls, nice fresh fruit at the reception desk, an immaculate room, a friendly host and reasonable rates for a family of four ... who could ask for more?!?	
Nov 28 2008 	Clean quiet and comfortable	A great little hotel. Close to McGill Uni and Mont Royal. Suites have a kitchenette with fridge - can easily bring food from outside; supermarkets, deli shops, and restaurants are close. Very clean and quiet. A friendly and helpful owner.	
Nov 9 2008 	Turn- key residence in a great location	Parc Suites Hotel is clean, well appointed and has a great location. With free calls to the U.S. and Canada and no extra hidden charges, it truly is a turn-key accommodation. Staff are extremely friendly, hospitable and helpful. Highly recommended.	
Nov 3 2008 	Clean space and Quality service	We went to Montreal for one evening. I did my research with Trip Advisor Reviews and found this nice little hotel. Our requirements were to be located downtown and parking to be included in price. As soon as we got there, we were satisfied with our choice and the experience was just like other reviewers mentioned. It felt like getting home!We arrived to Parc Suites late, parked on the street to do our check-in. The hotel main entrance is equipped with a security system. Only with a room card can you enter. With a warm welcome, the hotel manager proposed to visit our reserved King Studio Suite and one other available Suite – similar but with living room and separate bedroom (floor above, more private). Both rooms were very nice, but we chose the smallest one, because of the length of our stay. The check-in completed, Turguay guided us to our parking. Going into our suite, we took some fresh fruits available at the front desk, a great complementary item. The suite was clean, well decorated and completed with nice details like fresh flowers on our night table.The sleep was good. Because Parc Suite is located above a popular breakfast restaurant, we were a bit concerned with noise early in the morning. But it was all good – no restaurant noise.Compared to any chain hotels, having an 8 suites hotel makes all the difference when it comes to service quality and respect. Guests were very careful and quiet when leaving for the day. As mentioned in another review, the view from the window is not an attractive point for this hotel. But are you visiting Montreal in your bedroom? Not me! There’s too much to see and visit!At the time of checking out, Turguay kindly accepted for us to leave the car in its parking for a couple of hours extra. I though it was very generous of him. Big chain hotels could not put these little extras in a service.In a nutshell, we had a great deal for our buck! The service quality was amazing and staff from Parc Suite Hotel is generous and kind. Feels just like home!	
Nov 3 2008 	Great value 	I stayed at Parc Suites for two days.I must admit I have had a great experience there...I really suggest this hotel since I believe it is the best quality you may find for the money you pay in Montreal.You feel like you are at home with the friendly staff and atmosphere.The room was very well maintained and extremely clean. Above all, it is located right in the heart of downtown! You do not even need a taxi to hang around the city.	
Nov 2 2008 	Home Away From Home	Very centrally located near the Plateau neighborhood, downtown Montreal and Old Montreal. Clean and extremely quiet considering how close it is to all the entertainment, shopping, and activity of Montreal. Friendly management and a beautiful building. When we return to Montreal, we will definitely book with this hotel again.	
Oct 21 2008 	Suited Our Needs to a Tee	My sister and I arrived at Parc Suites mid-day and were greeted by an extremely helpful, considerate, and enthusiastic owner-manager. We were in Montreal for three days as tourists and found this hotel to be relatively inexpensive and convenient to everything. We loved the size ( 8 suites and rooms) and the personal attention we received. The difficult part was the amount of steps from the street to our suite, but once we were inside we felt like we were in our own private apartment. I would go back there anytime and have already recommended it to friends.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Value Delux	Excellent suite! Quality all the way. Impressive customer concern and attention. Bath has hand held shower head and is very very nice. Kitchenette has everything. Very private and quiet. Could not hear traffic. Do not consider if you have a problem with stairs.	
Oct 20 2008 	great place great service	The location works well for getting around Montreal and the room was very attractive, well appointed, clean and large. Had an unusually good experience with their service. They are very interested in making sure you are pleased with your room and feel well looked after. I didn't use trip advisor to find this place but it was recommended by a hotel around the corner that was full. It really is a great place that offers excellent value and attention to detail.	
Oct 14 2008 	Don't hesitate to stay here - very good	Delightful accomodations in a great location - although first appearances may suggest otherwise, don't let that bother you. Neighborhood is fine. Many convenient amenties very close by, including a great supermarket that allows you to take advantage of a very well stocked kitchenette. Awesome bistro - Chez Gautier - mere steps away. Top notch attention to customer satisfaction; a minor discrepency with my bill was dealt with easily and swiftly. Expect to climb some stairs, but it will be worth it. An outstanding value for all that it offers.	
Sep 30 2008 	It was good but.....	We got off to a bad start. Arriving about 6pm on a Saturday night with a written confirmation of a king room, we were told our room had been given to someone else (incorrectly, it was claimed), and there was only one room left, with a smaller queen bed in the bedroom, and it was in the process of being made up. The manager was very apologetic, but not particularly convincing. We had booked a 2-night stay, and he only offered a $5 per night consideration. He insisted that he drive us to our restaurant. We noted that there was a broken makeup mirror removed from the wall in the bath, as well as a similarly removed broken glass shelf above the sink - both stored in a cabinet. Although the hotel claims that it is just a couple of years old, the furniture seemed much older. Our room turned out to be the most accessible to the street, but even it was up two flights of stairs. Other rooms are higher. On the plus side, the hotel was clean and quite, well located to the metro, and we even walked one night from the old town. We appreciated the mini-kitchen and the free parking. Our recommendation would be to confirm the particular room you reserved before arriving.	
Sep 27 2008	Very Nice Hotel Long Walk from Old Montreal	We stayed hear 2 nights, the rooms are large, clean and quiet. Rooms have nice kitchens, lots of room. It may be a long walk for some to get from the hotel to Old Montreal, however a taxi ride is $8. Grocery store within a block. Good choice for Montreal.	
Sep 12 2008 	Fantastic hotel in Montreal	I can only imagine the person before was very unfortunate because this hotel is really great.Unlimited free calls to US and Canada, lovely bathroom and fantastic value for such a good location in Montreal.I was here on business and found the hotel was perfectly situated for restaurants, sightseeing and visiting clients.No hesitation to book again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Hard to find	We missed the hotel the first time around and had to phone the front desk. They were helpful in guiding us in. (lots of one way streets). Quite a few vagrants hanging around in the dingy alley. When we got there it was quite a trek up 3 flights of stairs. The place was still being cleaned at 4 p.m. The pull-out cot kept falling to the floor at night ,so we took the mattress off and laid it on the floor .( The only space available was in the kitchenette) . The air conditioner compressor had broken down; so we had a window air conditioner with blue plastic sheet around it. Could hear all the noise from outside... hard to sleep. The balcony was tiny enough for only 1 person. When we got home, we found out that we were charged twice for our room on the credit card; and that the owner was out of the country and people running the place did not know how to fix the credit card problem. Have to wait until he gets back!!! Would like to hear from the owner.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great hotel	Overall, this is a great hotel. It is centrally located 5 minutes away from the metro (subway). Despite the great location, there was very little noise from outside. Our room was right near the stairway so there was occasional noise as people lugged their suitcases upstairs to their rooms but no big deal.We found the suite was immaculate with a stove and big refridgerator. The fact that the hotel includes free parking and wi-fi access is great! The staff was helpful and there is a Coras (one of the best places for breakfast) right on the main level.Now for two minor points: This place may not be for everyone. We have two young children and so we never travel light. You have to take two flights of stairs to get to the rooms and reception desk so forewarned is forearmed. Plus, there are none of the typical hotel amenities like swimming pools and exercise rooms so again, for your information.Overall our stay was pleasant and we loved the price and central location.	
Jul 30 2008 	Parc suites is the best.	My family and I were referred to this hotel by a previous guest, it was a very good choice we made. The owner and the staff treated us like royals. The hospitality and the professionalism was remarkable. It was tastefully decorated and clean. It's located very close to the core downtown, and having a great breakfast eatery downstairs made it also very convenient for us. Since then I have been recommending this suite hotel to every family who would think of going to Montreal, because it is very affordable too. Bon Voyage!!	
Jul 29 2008 	A little gem	This is a fabulous little suite hotel situated within walking distance (if you like to walk) of the old town/quays area and the downtown shops of St Catherine St and Sherbrooke etc. Getting to and from the hotel is easy with parking available at the rear of the property. However, you'll find it's not the most scenic of walks to and from the car park which is via a dirty and narrow alleyway.On the upside, the suites are well furnished with lovely marble bathrooms and everything you need for a comfortable stay. The Turkish owner is charming and very helpful. The hotel is situated in a cosmopolitan area with many restaurants and grocery stores.	
Jul 25 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	We came across the Parc Suites while looking for a place to stay while visiting the Jazz Festival. The Parc Suites was amazing. Only about a 5 minute walk to the festival site! The owner was welcoming and very helpful. The hotel and rooms were extremely clean. The rooms were well equipped apartments with full kitchen, living room and bedroom with a little balcony. We were able to use the free wireless internet in our rooms as well as make calls within Canada and the US for free! A wonderful stay and I would recommend this hotel for anyone!Thanks Parc Suites	
Jul 21 2008 	Good accomodations but don't expect a hotel experience	I chose this hotel b/c of its high tripadvisor ratings, and the fact that parking, wireless internet, and free calls to the u.s. were included in its base rate. I was expecting a boutique hotel experience. Instead, I felt like I was renting a small apartment in Montreal for a few days. If I had the latter as an expectation, then I would have been pretty pleased. However, that's not what I had in mind (probably my fault). The room was clean and nicely decorated, but lacking in any luxurious touches. The bed was not comfortable or uncomfortable. The bedroom was fairly small. The pull out couch (which we did not pull out) felt worn and rickety. There was no maid/cleaning service during our stay. The 'balcony' was a spacious fire escape. The off-street parking was in an alley (not too aesthetically pleasing or easy to get to). The tv had very few cable channels, not a 'hotel selection'.On the plus side: the staff was friendly, the shower was nice, and everything was impeccably clean. The room was compact and had whatever one could need: iron, hair dryer, bathroom toiletries, etc.) The phone calls and wireless internet were easy to use. No complaints. They delivered what they advertised, it just wasn't what I had in mind.I never met the charming owner. So I didn't get the personal touch others raved about. I think this is a great property for those looking to rent an apartment. For people with children who want a reasonable room with separate sleeping quarters, for college students on spring break, or any number of bargain travelers who want a space to accomodate 4 people without added cost. But I should have gone with a standard hotel room. You live and learn!	
Jul 13 2008 	Everything Was Perfect!	If you are a tourist heading to Montreal, stay at this hotel! I don't normally leave reviews, but I had to in this case. First, the location is great. It's sorta tucked in between some shops, so you need to keep a close eye out for it. But map it out and you'll see it's easy driving (or some heavy walking, which we did) to many of the big, touristy places to see in Montreal. And there are shops, markets and restaurants all nearby. Second, the host/owner is awesome. Very accomodating to our requests (early check-in, crib available) and quick to answer any questions. And third, the rooms are well equipped. Our party has two rooms (a one bedroom and a studio). Both had small kitchens with refrigerators. The studio had a microwave and the one bedroom had a stove and burners. For the price, stay in the one bedroom. And the overall condition of the rooms was excellent. If we head back to Montreal, we will undoubtably stay at the Parc Suites.	
Jul 11 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous	My stay at The Parc Suites was wonderful to say the least, Friendly staff clean rooms, It was just like being at my apartment but much better. Great neighborhood which allowed me to practically walk everywhere within a short distance. My room had a window which opened onto a litlte balcony which was great for a glass of wine at the end of the day. I would highly recommend The Parc Suites and is now the only place i will stay when visiting Montreal!	
Jul 9 2008 	Excellent Location in 24-hour neighborhood	Easy check-in, accomodating in opening sofabed for us and providing extra mattress for 4 year old. A number of late-open and 24-hour restaurants/coffeeshops in block. Very clean room with stove, refrigerator, microwave -- all modern. Near McGill University, Mont Royal, and Sherebrooke, 5 minute walk to downtown CBD.	
Jul 5 2008 	Park at the Parc -- C'est bon!	I stayed at this excellent little suites hotel the first time in the middle of winter, last January. A friend who lives nearby recommended it, and was he ever right: it's a jewel, and I can and do commend it to my friends. The owner/manager is a Turkish immigrant, a wonderful, friendly man who goes far out of his way to make your stay perfect. Turgay is his name, and hospitality is his game. My wife and I stayed there again very recently, for six nights during the Montreal Jazz Festival, and Turgay came through once more. For a very reasonable rate you get a lovely suite, everything sparkling clean -- bathroom, small kitchen, sitting room, and bedroom. There's plenty of room, with all the usual amenities, TV, free wireless, and some that aren't so usual: free telephone calls throughout North America, for instance.You do have to be able to do stairs, as it's an old style place, perfect Montreal charm; you must walk up a very long staircase after you find the small doorway under the red canopy, right next to Chez Cora's, to get to the front desk. But it's worth the climb. You really can't go wrong with this one. Although it's very close to downtown, less than a block north of Sherbrooke, and very close to the metro, and close to McGill, etc., etc., once you get in your suite all is quiet and sleep assured. I would gladly stay there again the next time I'm in Montreal. I highly recommend the Parc Suites.	
Jun 25 2008 	What's Not to Like? This is a GEM!	We stayed at Parc Suites in Montreal June 15 - 18 2008. It is lovely, with exceptional care offered by the owner, Turguy. He creates a real old world, family atmosphere for guests. Pricing was better than most big name suite hotels, especially if you have a car with you. Rooms were immaculately clean, very modern, light and airy. Bed and sofa bed were comfortable. A small kitchen allowed us to beat local restaurant prices for breakfast, etc. Location was excellent, close enough to walk to downtown businesses, McGill and Concordia Universities, Metro and the shopping district, yet not on a noisy thoroughfare. Nearby restaurants and grocery stores were convenient. The neighborhood appears to be very safe, even walking late at night. Free off street parking is a blessing (oh those street parking rules and ticket prices are fierce!) Free phone calls to all of Canada and the US, inbound voicemail, and WiFi were a lovely feature. There are only eight suites, located on the second and third floors of a building Turgy recently restored. He'll show you before and after pictures! The rooms are not handicapped accessible, however. The only other shortcoming was the lack of a full length mirror in our suite, although others may have this.We were much more comfortable than we have been in suites in big hotels or chain hotels. We highly recommend this one-of-a-kind boutique all-suite hotel for your next visit to Montreal. Sorry, I don't have photos, but visit the hotel website at http://www.parcsuites.com/ for a tour. The photos they offer are both accurate and current. We would happily stay there again on on our next Montreal visit!Larry F, Takoma Park, MD	
Jun 24 2008 	Above and Beyond....	Although you wouldnt be able to tell from the outside, this hotel is beautiful on the inside. The rooms are decorated with authentic turkish made furniture hand picked by the owner himself and recently renovated. The suites are very private and quiet and a great place to vacation with family or friends. The rooms were also very clean and the beds extremely comfortable. The concierge gave us an excellent restauant recommendation and showed us around the city. They really made our trip a time to remember. We would recommend this place to anyone who is visiting Montreal and want to be right in the downtown area. For someone who doesnt know the city, it was a great place to experience it.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic location and service	The hotel was newly redone and beautiful, with granite and marble. The staff made it their priority to take care of our needs including providing wonderful restaurant accommodations and transportation . The restaurant below this hotel was also very good and the location to the shops and clubs makes this an ideal location for any stay in Montreal. I will definately be staying at this hotel every time I come to Montreal for the impeccably clean and newly designed rooms and for the kind staff. This was the best weekend stay I have ever had at a hotel.	
Jun 24 2008 	Where you feel at home	One of my close friend in Toronto highly recommended this hotel when he heard about my travel plan to Montreal. Such a nice experience! White, soft towels, a very clean room+bathroom, fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bed, tv, free wireless internet, free telephone, top quality customer service. This sweet hotel is my ultimate address in Montreal from now on.	
Jun 24 2008 	Amazing Host	Me and a group of girls went to Montreal for the night to celebrate a bachelorette party. When we arrived at the hotel, we were welcomed warmly and all of the amenities were pointed out to us by the owner. There were fresh flowers in the room and the decorations were beautiful. Once we were there, the owner proceeded to call around Montreal looking for a restaurant for us to dine at that evening. He made us reservations for an amazing french restaurant on Cresent street that we otherwise would not have been able to get in to. The amount of effort that was put into making our stay enjoyable was beyond belief. We did not have any worries and were completely satisfied with our stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be in the downtown area of montreal and looking for a quiet, private, enjoyable stay.	
Aug 20 2009 	Come essere a casa!		
Jun 27 2009 	A éviter		
Jun 9 2009 	Man fühlt sich wie zu Hause :-)		
